{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12191569", "title": "Denied permission, documentaries on terror to be screened privately", "text": "HYDERABAD: Denied permission by police to screen two documentaries on terror-related themes at an auditorium, a leading advocate in the city has decided to hold a private screening of the films on Friday.Directed by noted filmmaker Shubhradeep Chakravorty, the first 68-minute documentary, 'After the Storm,' is about seven Muslims accused in terror cases and later acquitted by courts. They are among several Muslim youths arrested, falsely implicated and then acquitted. The other film, 'Out of Court Settlement' that runs for 66 minutes is about the threat faced by defence lawyers appearing in terror cases.Advocate Shafeeq Rehman Mahajir along with some lawyers and journalists had sought a screening at Bhaskar Auditorium, G M Birla Planetarium, at 10 am on Friday. Mahajir said that he had booked the hall and \"to be on the safe side\" approached the police. Additional DGP, law and order, S A Huda forwarded his application to the city police.\"After a couple of hours I received a call from additional commissioner of police Amit Garg saying that the permission cannot be given in view of the forthcoming festivals. Since we believe that the people have the right to know how the law has been subverted, we decided to hold a private show.\" The films will be screened at the auditorium of the Deccan College of Engineering, Darussalam, Nampally, at 10 am on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12190406", "title": "Organizers voluntarily junk tomato fest at hotel", "text": "NASHIK: The Tomatina festival, to be hosted by an event management company at Hotel Shagun, Igatpuri, on Thursday, failed to take off after vehement protests by citizens. The festival involved throwing crushed tomatoes at each other, with the organizers providing food and drinks for a fee. \"Some local groups and organizations had objected to the festival, though the state administration had already given the organizers the consent to do so. However, keeping in mind opposition by the people, the organizers on their own gave us a representation saying they will celebrate Holi but without tomatoes being thrown or crushed for fun,\" Igatpuri tehsildar Govind Shinde said.Shrikant Navrekar of the Nimalgram Nirman Kendra, one of the organizations opposing the festival, said, \"We limited our role to presenting a memorandum to the collector this time. In future, we plan to create awareness about food and fruits among people so that they will themselves help stall things that insult nature. Grape stomping is also a concern.\"The Bharatiya Krushak Samaj thanked the organizers for keeping their feelings in mind and declaring that they will conduct the festival without crushing of tomatoes for fun. \"They allowed our representatives to oversee the organization of the programme, and once we were satisfied with the arrangements, we withdrew our agitation,\" Sanjay Deshmukh of the Bhartiya Krushak Samaj said.The event management company had released advertisements for the event, asking people to celebrate the event on the lines of the Tomatina festival celebrated in Spain. Pankaj Patil, organizer of the programme, said that he incurred a loss of Rs 8 lakh due to the cancellation of the festival. \"Keeping in mind the sentiments of the people, we decided to exclude the tomato crushing part from the programme. Water games, colours, food and entertainment, as promised, were on. The change has definitely affected the organization of the programme.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195173", "title": "Javed Akhtar talks about women he admires", "text": "On International Women's Day yesterday, Javed Akhtar spoke to Parag Maniar about the women he admires and salutesArundhati Roy, author: She is a very fine writer and has tremendous control over the language. Immaterial of whether one may agree or not with her view, but the way she puts it as a writer, I admire her for that. Her bold statements have time and again made me aware that we live in a democratic and liberal society. In any other Asian country, a person making such statements would have been given a life sentence. Arundhati Roy makes me feel proud of my society, my system and my country. That yes, it is possible to put your point across and have an Arundhati Roy speak and yet remain a free citizen.Teesta Setalvad, journalist and educationist: I have great respect for her. She has been, without any personal agenda, personal glory or personal gratification, walking against the wind to get justice for the riot victims of Gujarat. Teesta has been accused of all kinds of things and different allegations have been made against her. But anybody who knows her personally knows that whatever she is doing is cent per cent selfless. It needs tremendous courage and conviction. It also reflects impeccable value system. And I think she has all of it.Chanda Kochhar, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer: I have met her only a couple of times, that too, I have had just a brief introduction. But somehow I have great admiration for Chanda Kochhar who is a leading bank's CEO and managing director. Banking and finance traditionally were believed to be a man's domain. Women were never considered to be good at hisaab-kitaab. But here's a girl who changed all that. Hailing from a small town, studying in India and making a mark in the world of banking and finance entirely on her own, Chanda is a name to reckon with today. Her position and presence break so many myths and prejudices. I am sure she must be a great source of inspiration for many young women. Her very being says that any career is possible for a young woman if she is talented and focussed. And at the same time retain your traditional values. Chanda Kochhar is an icon and women should look up to her. Her very existence is a positive message.Kiran Mazumdar Shaw, businesswoman: She is there at the top as a business woman, no thanks to any man. Yes, she has a very loving husband who is a wonderful person. But as far as her career is concerned, it is her caliber, her talent and her confidence. Kiran is also a person of multiple interest - on one hand she is such a fine business woman, on other, she has tremendous artistic interest and aesthetic sense. I have been to her home and believe me when I say that it is aesthetically rich. I have great regard for her.Shabana Azmi, wife, actress and social Activist: Lastly, I am very fortunate to be living with a person I admire very much - Shabana Azmi ! She continues to inspire me. Here is somebody who is a perfectionist in the real sense of the word. Whatever she does - whether acting or social service or being a friend, sister, wife - she plays her roles to the hilt. Not many people know how much she has done towards resettling people especially those who were living in pavements or in the slums. Perhaps the biggest rehabilitation program that has taken place in Mumbai is led by her. Forty thousand families have been settled by her group. Even in her relationships, Shabana is a perfectionist. She may be in North Pole or the South Pole , but never will she forget to wish her family members and friends on their birthday or marriage anniversary. She is extremely responsible that way. Even today, Shabana is not resting on her laurels but trying to do much more than what she has done. I have learnt a lot from her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12192127", "title": "Man travelling on Western Railway train hit by water balloon, hurt", "text": "MUMBAI: Tight police bandobast at stations and a plea to residents to play safe Holi notwithstanding, a commuter on a Western Railway train was injured when he was hit by a water balloon, which narrowly missed his eyes.The incident occurred on Wednesday morning when Powai resident Sanappa Katenaru (42) was passing by Goregaon station. He has been admitted to Nair hospital where doctors have kept him under observation.After finishing his work, Katenaru boarded a Churchgate-bound fast local from Borivli that was so packed that he barely managed to get a space to stand on the footboard of a general coach. Around 10am, as the local reached Goregaon, a Virar-bound fast train whizzed past in the opposite direction.Suddenly, someone from that train hurled a water balloon, which hit Katenaru on his face, just below his eye, said the police. In pain, he sat down, with his face stinging where the balloon had slashed him, said a government railway police officer, adding that the injury was severe as both the locals were in great speed.Katenaru alighted at the next station where commuters directed him to Bhagwati Hospital. After initial treatment, doctors there sent him to Nair Hospital for advanced care. The Borivli GRP have booked the unidentified accused for causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others.Several others, complaining of itching in the eyes, redness and blurried vision after playing Holi, visited hospitals. A KEM Hospital doctor said of the 38 major and minor cases, many pertained to trauma to the eye. Cases of fractures were also reported. JJ Hospital treated about five persons who sustained injuries while playing Holi and Sion hospital treated more than 15 people for fractures as well as minor injuries.(With inputs by Sumitra Deb Roy)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12194400", "title": "\u2018Essential Services Act may be invoked\u2019: Officials", "text": "PUNE: Director of secondary and higher secondary education Shridhar Salunkhe on Thursday said the education department will not hesitate from invoking the provisions of the Essential Services Act against the teachers who have boycotted paper assessment work for the ongoing higher secondary certificate (HSC, Std XII) exam.\"If the situation warrants, the department and the Maharashtra state education board will jointly take a call on invoking the essential services act. The government or the students cannot be held to ransom by way of such boycott, which is unjustified,\" Salunkhe told TOI.The Maharashtra state permanently unaided high school teachers' action committee, which has been agitating for the removal of the 'permanently unaided' status and grants from the government, has resorted to boycott of the HSC paper assessment work to press for their demands. The action committee represents close to 21,000 teachers from unaided high schools across Maharashtra.The boycott has forced the state board to consider alternatives such as allotting additional work of paper assessment to teachers from the government-run and aided high schools and junior colleges. It has put a question mark on the board's plan to declare the HSC results on time on May 31.On Wednesday, senior officials from the state board as well as the Pune divisional board had confirmed they have started receiving bundles of answer papers returned by the principals of various high schools after the teachers there refused to assess the papers.Meanwhile, Salunkhe maintained that his office was yet to receive any communication from the state board regarding the situation arising out of the teachers' boycott. \"We had read about the teachers' boycott plan some days ago in newspapers, but the board has not yet communicated anything to us,\" he said.Senior officials in the education director's office insisted that the situation won't lead to delay in declaration of HSC results. \"There are alternatives, such as a list of back-up teachers, who can be pressed into service for paper assessment work,\" said an official, who did not wish to be identified.Tanaji Naik, president of the action committee, maintained that teachers from permanently unaided high schools barely get any grants from the state government. \"A majority of these teachers have not yet received their individual approvals nor do they fall under the service conditions of the government,\" he said while wondering how the essential services act would be applicable to these teachers in case the department actually takes the step.The boycott has forced the state board to consider alternatives such as allotting additional work of paper assessment to teachers from the government-run and aided high schools and junior colleges. It has put a question mark on the board's plan to declare the HSC results on time on May 31", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12194561", "title": "National Award: Roopa Ganguly wins the Best Female Playback Singer", "text": "Roopa Ganguly was busy helping with the geography lessons of her son when she first got to know that she had bagged the National Award as the Best Female Playback Singer.Even if she is excited, her voice doesn't quiver to suggest her feelings. Of course, she is happy that her rendition of two Tagore's songs in \" Abosheshey\" - \"Dure kothao\" and \"Bijon ghore\" - has bagged her the award but life still has a lot more for her.Her citation reads that she was given the Award \"for her husky and haunting voice that gives a gentle, nostalgic tone and tenor to the film, \"Abosheshey\". The languid raw sensuality of her singing is heightened by the absence of musical accompaniment.\"Says Roopa, \"My first reaction when I heard the news is that I ought to quit smoking now. It is an old habit and now I realize that kicking the butt is important. I need to take care of my voice. I also thought about my music teacher, Kabita Banerjee, when I got the news. I would go to her irregularly to take music lessons. I am eternally indebted to her. I have had problems with my schedule. Sometimes, I had financial issues and couldn't offer the remuneration on time. She was so accommodating. She would adjust her schedule to suit my requirements. Today, when I have got this award, I feel it is an opportunity for me to thank her.\"But how does she feel since she has won the award for playback singing and not for her acting skills? \"Vidya is the most deserving candidate. I would have lost all hope had she not bagged the award,\" she says.Her priorities on the professional front, however, will not change post the awards. \"I am a very happy person and am glad that the jury has recognized my effort. But my priorities in life doesn't change because I've got an award. Hard work, sincerity, positive thinking are what make me the person that I am today. These are the keywords in my life and I know that if I adhere to these, some good will happen to me. It's a fact that the parameters of 'good' might vary from one person to another because every individual sets a different standard. Some can be happy with a certain achievement while others might not be so with the same degree of accomplishment.\"Ask her to comment on the current music scene and she says she is literally sold on the music of Birsa Dasgupta's \"Jani Dyakha Hawbe\". \"Shreya Ghoshal's voice, Srijato's lyrics and Neel Dutt and Indraadip Das Gupta's music from the film have rejuvenated me,\" she says.Now that she has won the award as a playback singer, will she accept offers to sing in Bollywood? \"Are you mad? Neil and Aditi Roy (director) had to coax me to sing in \"Aboseshey\". I can only sing Tagore. I have learnt to sing Tagore and can understand the meanings of each of the words when I sing. My personal favourite is the song, \"Dure kothao dure dure\" from the movie. A lot of credit goes to composer Prabuddha Banerjee too.\"Finally, does she attach any special significance to International Women's Day today? \"No day has any extra significance for me. A woman who isn't courageous enough on every day of the year can't be courageous for just one day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12196964", "title": "Dil Raju finds new Siddarth?", "text": "The combo of producer Dil Raju and the southern stud Siddarth has resulted in some noted hits. However, it is now heard that lately both Sidz-Dil Raju are not in good terms.Apparently, Dil Raju usually focuses mostly on youthful subjects and once in a while he comes with a film like 'Seetamma Vaakitlo Sirimalle Chettu'.As such, he is the one who made Sidz a youth icon. But now due to small issues, the gaps are reportedly widening and Dil Raju feels there is no point in hanging with Siddarth. As a result, sources say he began a massive search to find a new replacement and one person has been found.He is Gautham, son of Brahmanandam. People may not connect to this but it is heard that Dil Raju got connected to Gautam strongly. As such, Gautam was seen in the film 'Pallaki Lo Pelli Kuthuru' few years back and he gave good performance. After a long gap, he came with 'Vaarevah' which became a big dud because of wrong placement.From then on, no one cared about Gautham but Dil Raju has recognised the potential in him. Inside news is that even the talented director Madhura Sreedhar is also planning for a project with him. Maybe Gautham will give a mind-blowing performance or audience will blow their minds watching him. Let us see what happens.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12190830", "title": "Houses of ex-minister, kin raided", "text": "CHENNAI: Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption sleuths on Thursday conducted searches at the residences of former DMK minister I Parithi Ilamvazhuthi and his kin in the city following reports that they had amassed wealth illegally.Based on the outcome of an inquiry, a case was registered by DVAC sleuths under the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 against Parithi Ilamvazhuthi. Police alleged that he accumulated movable and immovable assets to the tune of 1.56 crore between June 1, 2006 and March 31, 2010, while he was minister for information &amp; publicity.Searches were conducted at the residence of Ilamvazhuthi at Palavakkam, his mother Kannammal's house in Triplicane and at the house of his younger brother Ilambharathi Durai in Royapettah. Similar raids were conducted at two other houses of the ex-minister's relatives in Ayanavaram and at Foreshore Estate.The DVAC officials refused to divulge the details of the operation. \"We seized many documents to establish that he had amassed illegal wealth. They will be submitted before a magistrate court soon,\" a police officer said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "neeleshwaram", "code": "12190585", "title": "Fire at temple fest creates panic", "text": "NEELESHWARAM: The makeshift kitchen attached to the temporary dining hall at the Kinavoor Karimoola Sree Padarkulangara Bhagavathy temple at Neeleshwaram in Kasaragod was gutted in the fire that broke out on Thursday afternoon.There were no casualties as the kitchen and the dining hall were vacant at the time of the incident. Four cars parked near the kitchen were damaged in the fire.Panic struck the people who assembled at the temple when the fire started engulfing the kitchen. The thatched roof of the kitchen caught fire menacingly, but the local people doused the fire by pouring water using buckets and prevented it from spreading to the nearby dining hall.The makeshift kitchen and dining hall were set up to give food for the public as part of the Perumkaliyattom held at the temple after renovation. The Perumkaliyattom, which began on March 1, is being held after a gap of 25 years. Friday is the last day of the festival.The temple festival resumed soon after the incident and attempts are on to erect a new kitchen in the same place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12190865", "title": "DRI official\u2019s bank lockers opened", "text": "CHENNAI: Sleuths of the CBI's anti-corruption branch in CBI on Thursday opened the bank lockers of high-profile DRI official C Rajan and seized some gold jewels and some documents, sources said. Rajan had been arrested on Wednesday on bribery charges.A team of CBI officials opened the lockers in the presence of Rajan's family members, the sources said and denied revealing any more information about the seizure.CBI sleuths had arrested Rajan, additional director of the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence, based on a complaint of F Ubaidullah of Pudupet. He alleged that DRI sleuths searched the premises of his friend Joseph and seized cheque leaves of 'Superking' Myatzin, a relative of Joseph. They also froze Myatzin's accounts in Kotak Mahindra Bank at Second Lane Beach Road the complaint said.On a request from Joseph, Ubaidullah approached Rajan a couple of days ago and requested him to defreeze the accounts of Myatzin, a Burmese national of Indian origin. Rajan initially demanded 10 lakh and reduced it to 8 lakh and an iPad from Ubaidullah for not taking any action against Myatzin and to defreeze his bank accounts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12192332", "title": "Youth fest organizers save Rs 3.29 crore", "text": "MANGALORE: As a rule of thumb, most government-sponsored events tend to overshoot the budget. However, the five-day National Youth Festival (NYF), which was held from January 12, this year in Mangalore, was an exception. Not only the city successfully hosted the festival, but also the organizers managed to save Rs 3.29 crore from the allotted fund of Rs 12 crore.The highest expenditure (Rs 1.2 crore), according to the organizers, was on food.The daily consumption of the NYF 2012 participants was 6,000 eggs, 350 kg of atta, 375 liters of vanaspati, 600 loaves of bread, 350 containers of 20 litres of Bisleri water, 5,500 bananas, 600 kg of papaya; 3500 vada, 3,000 idlis, 6,000 pooris, 400 kg of Basmati rice, 5 kg of tea powder, 10 kg of instant coffee powder, 40 cylinder of 19.4 kg LPG, 500 litres of milk, 600 litres of curd. There were a total of 4,229 registered participants in the event and of which 1,576 represented different states. Other major expense of nearly Rs 1.04 crore was on publicity, by both the state government and district administration.This is followed by event expenses and auditorium and stage expenses at Rs 95 lakh each. The events were conducted in six venues across the city.The cost of renovation of the stadium was Rs 1.15 crore and that of aerial advertising using micro light aircraft was Rs 16 lakh. The organizers spent Rs 46 lakh on providing lodging to participants and officials and travelling and conveyance arrangements cost Rs 82 lakh. Rs 40 lakh was spent on TA of participants.DC N S Channappa Gowda told TOI that he would send a proposal to the government for utilizing Rs 60 lakh from the unspent amount to build an international standard cinder track at Mangala Stadium. \"We will also send a proposal to improve other facilities at Mangala Stadium and Karavali grounds to the government using the rest of the amount,'' Gowda added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12192263", "title": "BSY\u2019s men take on Sadananda Gowda", "text": "BANGALORE: With the Karnataka High Court giving him a clean chit in the illegal mining case, former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa has become aggressive in his comeback bid. Ministers loyal to Yeddyurappa targeted chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda. After the cabinet meeting on Thursday, MP Renukacharya and CM Udasi reportedly had a verbal duel with Gowda over his Wednesday statement about Yeddyurappa. The ministers reportedly told the CM and state BJP chief KS Eshwarappa were behaving like opposition leaders while making statements about Yeddyurappa.Reacting to the clean chit to the former CM, Gowda in Mumbai indicated that he won't make way for Yeddyurappa as other serious cases are still pending. \"I came to know that permission granted by the governor has been quashed. There are eight cases pending against him,\" Gowda said in Mumbai. \"This (the FIR quashed) is connected with the Lokayukta report on mining,\"The CM had said the central leadership would take a call on who should lead the state. Gowda on Thursday denied having made such a statement.After the cabinet discussion, Renukacharya along with other ministers Udasi, Basavaraj Bommai, CP Yogeshwara, Narasimha Naik, Shobha Karandlaje and Murugesh R Nirani asked Gowda why he made such a statement. A minister told TOI though the CM tried to explain he'd been misquoted, Renukacharya reportedly said that the former CM commanded respect from all quarters and the CM and Eshwarappa were behaving like opposition leaders.Gowda reportedly told them that some ministers were not allowing him to function peacefully. Later, the CM shared his unhappiness with senior ministers R Ashoka and Jagadish Shettar, who were not present during the verbal duel.Meanwhile, Yedddyurappa chalked out strategies with his supporters. He reportedly had a telephonic conversation with BJP national president Nitin Gadkari and invited him to Hubli on March 11, where another round of show of strength is scheduled under the guise of felicitating him. There was no confirmation from Gadkari that he'd attend the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12202196", "title": "Robbers lift away ATM from Bajwa", "text": "VADODARA: In an incident that left the city police amused, a gang of robbers stole an entire ATM from Bajwa area late on Wednesday. The gang picked up the ATM of Union Bank of India (UBI), put it in some vehicle and fled from the spot. The incident came to light on Thursday when a customer went to the ATM to withdraw money.According to the police, the gang must be consisting of at least five to six people. \"The ATM is very heavy and hence, at least five people must have been involved in the theft. There is no eyewitness to the incident. We are trying to find some clue,\" Jawaharnagar police inspector D H Parmar said. The cops are, however, helpless as the closed circuit television camera footage is not available.Usually, a CCTV is placed inside the ATM and the recorded data too is stored inside the machine. With the ATM missing, there are no chances of cops having any footage. The ATM had Rs 8 lakh cash when it was stolen.Police officials believe that some experts must have been involved in the incident as no clue was left behind by the gang. Usually, the thieves try to break in ATMs but this incident has raised serious doubts over city police's claims of increased patrolling during nights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12201927", "title": "Pine City to promote sport fisheries", "text": "SHILLONG: With angling being one of the popular hobbies of the people in Meghalaya, which has numerous rivers and streams, the departments of fisheries and tourism have decided to jointly promote \"sport fisheries\" in the state.\"This will offer an opportunity to all angling enthusiasts to travel to far off places for angling. It will also boost the economy of the state as hotels, restaurants, lodges and sport fishing equipment shops will be set up near angling hotspots, thereby generating employment for the locals,\" says an official.Informing that the fisheries department has already earmarked Rs 20 crore for the programme, the official said the total budget works out to Rs 26.43 crore.\"The department will identify suitable pockets in rivers and develop them for sport fisheries. After development, these spots will be handed over to the communities, NGOs, angling associations for management and angling will be allowed on payment of fixed fees,\" he added. He said locals would be engaged to prevent indiscriminate catching of fish.He added that country boats, including other accessories required by the river patrolling personnel, would be provided and sheds for sheltering the guards would be constructed near \"sensitive areas\" of the rivers. \"Sport fisheries will undoubtedly generate income for the rural people and also help conserve the indigenous fauna of the state,\" said another official in the tourism department.There are numerous angling spots in Meghalaya, one of which is at Ranikor, a small town on the India-Bangladesh border. About 140 km from Shillong, it is one of the best fishing spots in the state with its immense natural beauty and innumerable fresh water fish.\"The place offers great opportunity to be converted into one of the angling paradises in the state,\" the official said. Other rivers, including Simsang in Garo Hills, Rilang, Khri and Umngot in Khasi and Jaintia Hills, are some of the known sporting sites in Meghalaya, where angling competitions are organized from time to time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12194653", "title": "Bollywood wants Dadasaheb Phalke Award for Pran", "text": "Almost everyone in Bollywood wants the iconic screen villain and perfect gentleman to be conferred the next Dadasaheb Phalke Award before it is too lateOf the three names recommended by the Film Federation of India for the next Dadasaheb Phalke Award- the highest national honour in Indian cinema- that of veteran actor Pran figures prominently. Considering the legendary actor's name comes up in the national awards committee almost every two years and still misses the list at the last minute, this comes as no great surprise.Said the President of the Film Federation of India Vinod Lamba, \"I don't think his name has been suggested in the past but this time, we put it up. Pran is one of the greatest character actors of his times with over 250 films to his credit and unforgettable performances like Malang in Upkaar and Sher Khan in Zanjeer.''Indeed, the entire Hindi film industry is rooting for the actor - who made being a villain adorable, even fashionable - to win the award before it is too late.Said Prem Chopra, who has worked with Pran in a number of films and continues to be his friend, \"Don't know why they take so long to give an award to an actor. Pran has now stopped moving out of his house. He only moves around with a walker. Besides, even Raj Kapoor was not able to walk properly to receive the trophy.\" Late Dev Anand too was awarded the Dadasaheb Phalke Award only in 2003. Word in the industry is that it is not really political connections but Bollywood rivalry that comes in the way of such honours and there is a chance that Pran may also be a victim of this.Dilip Kumar and Pran have been friends for more than half a century and part of each other's birthday celebrations. The thespian who has been strongly supporting Pran for the award said, \"All I can say is that it will be a gross injustice if Pran is not given the award. He is not only an iconic screen villain but a gentleman in real life who gave the best years of his life to the industry. He richly deserves the honour.\"Again, some actors have been deprived of the award for other reasons. Like Suchitra Sen, who was a contender for the award for the year 2005 but the condition was if she was ready to accept it in person. Her refusal to go to Delhi and personally receive the award from the President deprived her of the award.Dream girl Hema Malini who too has worked with Pran feels the actor deserves the honour. She said, \"He deserves it coming from an era where he was one of the few character actors. The government delays the process and by the time, they decide, the deserving people are not there to receive the award. It is sad. The government should give it to the artist when he/she is hale and hearty.'' Said Mahesh Bhatt, \"It is indeed tragic that we adorn our stalwarts with medals and honours in the sunset years of their life when these cease to have any significance to them. It is heartbreaking to see them totter and crawl up to the stage to receive their award. It is time to honour our icons when they are in the high noon of their life.''Meanwhile, Pran's family refused to comment saying, \"We will speak when it is given to him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12191391", "title": "Srilakshmi stays out of Holi celebrations", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was celebration time at the Special Prison for Women, Chanchalguda, as inmates sang, danced and played games on Thursday. With both Holi and International Women's Day falling on the day, the inmates, both convicts and remand prisoners, set aside their worries to join the celebrations.Suspended IAS officer Y Srilakshmi, lodged in the jail as an undertrial in the OMC illegal mining case, however, chose not to venture out of her barrack on the occasion. A television channel organised a show for the inmates, but Srilakshmi, who obviously did not want to be captured by the cameras, stayed indoors.According to prison officials, it is not mandatory for convicts and undertrials to participate in any celebrations. They said it was not just Srilakshmi but several other undertrials kept away from the activities. The prisoners were also given an opportunity to articulate themselves in a debate on topics concerning women on the occasion of the International Women's Day. They also took part in an essay-writing competition. While a running race was organised for the children of the inmates, convicts participated in a walking competition. Jail superintendent Basheera Begum said prizes were distributed to winners in the competitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195142", "title": "TV celebs at a bar launch in Mumbai", "text": "Foodies of the city had another reason to rejoice when Zia Shiekh and Wasim Shiekh of Svenska Design Hotels hosted a lavish party to launch Soul, Indian Specialty open-air restaurant &amp; bar.Located on the rooftop of Svenska Mumbai, Soul made the perfect setting for the party hearties to come together. And what a foodie-treat it was! With inventive Indian drinks like Chatka Mary and Sharaabi Naryal, melt-in-the-mouth kebabs like Murgh Tangdi, Jheenga Tandoori, Nalli and Barrah Kebabs, Indian curries like Shahi Paneer Makhani, Murg Khurchan and Punjabi Gosht Masala, the guests sure had a yummy time!Seen enjoying the delicious fare were Samir Ali Khan, Mansi Verma, Rashmi Pitre, Ashiesh Roy, Munisha Khatwani, Rohit Verma, Amy Billimoria, Asif Merchant, Kawaljit Singh, Gary Richardson, Viren Shah among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12191964", "title": "India leads Beam\u2019s Asia growth", "text": "MUMBAI: The India unit of Beam Inc, the world's fourth-largest premium spirits-maker, is leading the company's growth in Asia, ahead of its Chinese arm, said its global president &amp; CEO Mathew Shattock. This is a rare instance for an MNC where its Indian operations are bigger than that in China. The India-growth is driven mainly by its Teacher's scotch whisky brand. The Deerfield, Illinois-based company plans to leverage on the brand's distribution platform to establish its other labels such as Jim Beam and Maker's Mark whiskys, Sauza tequila and Laphroaig scotch in India.The local arm, Beam Global Spirits &amp; Wines India, has been growing at a compounded annual growth rate of 27% over the past five years, as rising affluence has driven growth of luxury brands. The India unit, spearheaded by Harish Moolchandani, forms a part of Beam's Asia Pacific-South America geography which accounts for 22% of its total revenue of $2.3 billion.Another key factor driving Beam's growth here is that India is the world's largest whisky market in terms of volume while China is the world's largest cognac market. \"When we look at introducing our brands in any market, we launch the ones that are most relevant to local tastes. For India, scotch was the entry point, while in China the entry point was cognac and therefore it was Courvoisier,\" Shattock told TOI on a recent visit to India.Shattock, who has been at the helm of Beam since March 2009, said the company will be making significant investments to expand the Teacher's franchise as well as build its other international brands in India, which he terms as a priority market. The company recently launched a scotch-based ready- to-drink beverage under Teacher's. \"India is a priority market for us. We have strong roots here through Teacher's. We have an established team, strong supply-chain network, infrastructure and a bottling facility in Rajasthan. We would use this platform to build our other brands.\"Beam began life as a standalone spirits company last year. It was earlier housed under Fortune Brands, which also had interests in the home and security business. Globally, speculation has been rife that Beam is an acquisition target. However, Shattock rubbishes it saying \"speculation is a way of life\", and that \"it is an acquirer and not a seller\". In December 2011, it bought Irish whisky distiller, Cooley, for $95 million. However, for India, it has no acquisition plans and intends to grow the business organically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12191242", "title": "Industrialists seek relief for bank repayments", "text": "MADURAI: Industrialists in Madurai, especially small and medium players have urged the state government to provide a holiday period for bank repayments as long as the power crisis situation in the state continues.Madurai district has three industrial estates at Kappalur, Uranganpatti and K Pudur with hundreds of small and medium units in plastic, spinning and weaving, rubber, engineering works and other industries. These small and medium players depend on term loans taken from banks and other financial institutions. These term loans are paid as instalments along with the interest rate which is 15% for banks and 18% in other institutions.But with the power crisis in the state, they are unable to scale up production and pay the bank repayments resulting in banks demarcating them as non-performing assets (NPA), the industrialists say. There are 15 to 20 units facing NPA at Kappalur Industrial Estate and about 100 units have closed their units unable to bear the losses. \"When we avail a bank loan, we submit project reports of the units mentioning the break-even point and the utilisation percent of the capacity. The bank loans can be repaid when we meet the specified utilisation percent. Unfortunately, it has been months since we operated our units at that percentage due to the power cuts,\" said A K B Nawas Babu, president of Uranganpatti Mahiya Industrial Estate.\"Our costing goes wrong with input costs and capacity utilisation due to the power scenario. If it was a temporary problem, the industrialists could have handled it but we don't see any end. Hence, the government should come with a rehabilitation package for the industries,\" Babu said. \"The current production is just 22% and the industries are not able to meet even the labour cost and power cost?\" says P N Raghunatha Raja, treasurer of Kappalur Industrial Estate Manufacturers Association.Banks are very strict with the repayments and within three months of non-payments, they issue NPA notice and auction the properties. \"At least for this period of power crisis, the government should provide holiday for bank repayments and reduce the interest rates.Many of the industries are in the verge of closure and many industrialists are selling their machineries to pay the bank loans. The buildings, which housed industrial units are leased as godowns,\" Raghunath added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chennai/kochi", "code": "12190490", "title": "Prabhu Daya may be brought to Kerala coast", "text": "Chennai/KOCHI: The Kerala police team on Thursday arrested a crew member - Mayur Virendra Kumar - of M V Prabhu Daya, the ship suspected to have collided with a fishing vessel off Alappuzha coast killing four fishermen on March 1.Ernakulam range inspector general K Padmakumar, who went to Chennai to probe the case, told TOI that Mayur was one of the crew in charge of the ship's navigation at the time of the accident.\"We have arrested him and he will be brought to Kochi on Friday. A detailed investigation is on and the captain of the vessel has been questioned,\" Padmakumar said.Earlier, Padmakumar met Tamil Nadu DGP K Ramanujam and Chennai city police commissioner J K Tripathy. The Kerala police have sought permission from the Directorate General of Shipping to take the vessel to the Kerala coast.Padmakumar said the investigation has \"almost confirmed\" the involvement of Prabhu Daya, a Singapore-flagged vessel, in the incident.A team of Kerala police officers had on Wednesday told reporters that the vessel had been seized, which was denied by the investigators of Directorate General of Shipping and Coast Guards.Kerala police deputy superintendent of police Mahesh Kumar said cases would be filed against captain Pierera Karp and another crew, Sugathan, who allegedly fell off the vessel near Trincomalee coast on Sunday. Sugathan is now undergoing treatment at a hospital in Colombo.Senior Directorate General of Shipping officials, who conducted the probe, returned to Mumbai on Thursday. \"We are analysing the voyage data recorder and the investigation report will be ready in a week,\" said an official. INS Nireekshak with 30 divers on board will hunt for the missing fisherman on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12196044", "title": "'Vicky Donor' is a funny take on sperm donation", "text": "Director Shoojit Sircar whose upcoming film, 'Vicky Donor' is based on sperm donation, says its a humorous take on the subject but has been dealt with care without crossing limits.Produced by actor John Abraham , its a romantic comedy between a Punjabi boy and a Bengali girl, set against the background of sperm donation. The protagonists are essayed by video jockey and television host Ayushman Khurrana and TV actress Yami Gautam.Despite the bold content, the makers have got the censor nod for running the first trailer. \"When we started scripting the basic idea was that we knew that it is about sperm donation.. So we have taken special care while dealing with this subject and have ensured that it does not cross the limit and subtlety of the subject is inherent,\" Sircar said. \"We have not crossed the limit. The trailer has been approved and whatever is there in the trailer is there in the film, there is nothing beyond this,\" he said.John said there are no adult jokes in the film. \"When we presented this trailer to the audience we made sure that this film is not crass, it is funny yet credible,\" he said. The film is up for release on April 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12192394", "title": "SPs told to curb highway robberies", "text": "MYSORE: IGP (Southern range) A S N Murthy on Wednesday directed the superintendents of police in the range to take measures to check highway robberies effectively. At a monthly meeting at IGP office, Murthy asked senior police officers attached to Mysore, Mandya, Chamarajanagar, Hassan and Kodagu to strengthen the beat system and beef up security at check post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195923", "title": "Trisha is not romantic", "text": "Trisha's happy with the way 2012 has begun. She has started off on a great note for her with her Telugu film Bodyguard becoming a superhit. The year sees the reigning diva of Kollywood pairing up with heroes that she's not worked with earlier. In a chat with CT, the actress talks about her new films and reminisces on some of her favourite moments.You're pairing up with actors that you haven't been seen with before. Excited? (Laughs) You know, I think these are probably the only ones who are left, whom I've not worked with before. In fact, I was supposed to be working with each of these actors, Tarak (NTR Jr), Jiiva and Vishal earlier but the films didn't quite work out as planned. I'm glad I'm working with them now.Reports say that you're doing steamy scenes in films to get a younger, bolder avatar Oh, that is absolutely rubbish. I do sport two looks in Dammu, but that is because the script demands it.And Dammu is your next release? Yes, we've a couple of weeks of shoot left. I heard they're planning for an April 23 release. I signed this film because I fell in love with the story. It is a breezy, mass entertainer and it has been a while since I worked in one such role.There's also Samaran that's currently being filmed at a brisk pace... Samaran is going to be a very interesting film in my career. It's a sleek thriller with a lot of romance sprinkled in it. While it will appeal to the urban audiences, the thriller elements will work with audiences in the B and C centres as well.You've also just finalised a film with Jiiva and we hear that the title is a romantic one... I also heard somewhere that the film is titled Endrendrum Punnagai, but I'm not sure if it is confirmed. The film is breezy and romantic. In fact, most of my fans are already asking me if this will be another Vinnaithandi Varuvaaya!Are you a romantic at heart? Not at all! I'm not a romantic in real life. But, I must admit that I do watch a lot of romantic films. I prefer them to mass or action films. In fact, that's why I connect better with my characters in romantic films.You've survived the industry and stood tall for over a decade. What has kept you at it? When you work in the film industry for this long, people do tend to typecast you in particular roles. This is why I've taken breaks when I reached that point where I felt a need to re-invent myself. In fact, I didn't do a Tamil movie for nearly seven months before I did VTV and Manmadhan Ambu. It is my way of ensuring I wait it out till I feel a role is right.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12192355", "title": "Physically challenged stage stir", "text": "MYSORE: Physically challenged persons staged a protest demanding the government set up a department to take care of their needs, in the city on Thursday.The protesters attached to the 'Karnataka state forum for physically handicapped' protested in front of the deputy commissioner's office and sought the appointment of an IAS officer to look after the issues related to their welfare. They also wanted a separate department to be set up for a focused approach for the welfare of the physically challenged.The forum urged the government to promote the district-level official in-charge of the physically challenged as deputy director and fill up all vacancies reserved for the disabled.They also demanded immediate utilization of funds reserved for their welfare at various departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12192412", "title": "Officer accused of encroaching forest land in Virajpet", "text": "MYSORE: Tribal activist M B Prabhu on Thursday accused K D Belliappa, assistant conservator of forests, Hunsur wildlife division, of encroaching forest land in Devamachi Reserve Forests coming under Virajpet territorial division. Prabhu alleged that the officer gave wrong information about his assets.The activist also registered a complaint against the officer with director general of forests, ministry of environment and forests. \"The officer has destroyed 18.20 hectares of reserved forest land. He also has a coffee estate in compartment 19 of the Devamachi forest area, which is a buffer zone of Rajiv Gandhi National Park. However, no action has been initiated against the officer so far,\" Prabhu stated.When TOI contacted Belliappa, he said, \"My mother has been an occupant of the land since 1955. She has been using the land for farming like many others in Devamachi, Mavukal and other parts of reserved forest in Thithimathi range since then. Later, the ministry listed the names of forest land cultivators with a view to denotify the lands. My name too was listed along with my family members and some 260 others. The process started before the conservation act came into force. I joined the force in 1986 and I did not mention about the site at the time of joining because of some lapse.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12190777", "title": "Transplants beat blood group match", "text": "CHENNAI: Two years ago, nephrologist Rajan Ravichandran of MIOT Hospitals, found it difficult to tell a family that he could not approve a renal transplant between relatives as their blood groups did not match. So he offered them a complicated transplant surgery, in which donations are made across blood groups.The patient (of blood group O) and the donor (B) were discharged a week later after a successful transplant. Since then he has done four such transplants.On Thursday, during World Kidney Day celebrations, his hospital felicitated the two patients and eight others who underwent similar transplants.Though cross-blood-group transplants aren't entirely new, many doctors don't take up such surgeries as they can be cumbersome. But when they are performed well, many doctors say, the recovery rate is usually good. Blood group match is ideal for a renal transplant, but is not possible always. \"Sometimes relatives aren't willing to donate and those willing aren't compatible,\" says Dr Ravichandran.The patient's only option in such situations is to wait for a cadaver organ or swap donors with someone else. \"Both involve complications. Swapping organs is not always smooth because families often tend to compare outcomes. Cadaver organs are also hard to come by,\" he said.Nearly 1.7 lakh people develop end-stage kidney disease in India every year. But doctors do just 3,500 kidney transplants. In the US, there are 72,500 patients waiting for a kidney transplant but last year only 28,535 transplants were performed. One of the most important reasons is lack of living donor with a matching blood group.If transplants are done across blood groups without special procedures, patients can die during the operation. Doctors use a special procedure to remove the antibodies in the patient's blood.\"The patient will have no blood group. And we continue to keep him that way with special drugs. After this we transplant the donor's kidney,\" he said. The patient slowly regains his antibodies by the time he recovers from the transplant.In Japan, where the technology was evolved, over 450 successful cross-blood-group transplantations have been performed. The success, at a 10-year survival rate, is equal to that of any regular kidney transplantation. In India, Jaslok Hospital, Mumbai and Christian Medical College, Vellore, have done similar transplants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "12191676", "title": "PG medical exam on March 11", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Vice-chancellor of NTR University of Health Sciences I V Rao said the entrance examination for PG medical admissions would be held on March 11 at 16 venues in eight cities - Hyderabad, Vijayawada, Visakhapatnam, Warangal, Tirupathi, Kakinada, Kurnool and Guntur.There would be four exam centres in Hyderabad, two each at Warangal, Tirupathi, Vijayawada and Guntur. Kakinada and Kurnool would have one each. Speaking to reporters here on Thursday, Rao said that 2,232 seats were available in 28 medical colleges in the state. About 13,000 students have applied for the entrance. \"The students will not be allowed to write the test even if they come one minute late,\" he said. He said that the key of the question paper would be released the very next day and results would be declared on March 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12191530", "title": "A mansion gone to the dogs", "text": "HYDERABAD: Having lent its name to an area that is residential and commercial in equal measure, Mahbub Mansion should have been a proud landmark in the city. But given the neglected state of the 110-year-old monument, historians and heritage conservationists say it could fall to ground any moment and fade into oblivion.The Mahbub Mansion, named after the sixth Nizam Mahbub Ali Khan, was built in the late 19th century and was one of the many residences of the flamboyant Nizam. City historians point out that though it was just an occasional residence of the Nizam, the Indo-European style mansion could have been constructed to facilitate living close to the race course. The sixth Nizam was known to be an ardent fan of horse racing, and has to his credit the construction of the Malakpet Race Course as well.\"It is known that Mahbub Ali Pasha lived for a year or two here. Until the time of the last Nizam Mir Osman Ali Khan, the basic upkeep of the properties of the Nizam family was satisfactory. Till 1960s the structure was in a good state. Later its condition started deteriorating as inhabitation increased in the area,\" said city historian Mohammed Safiullah. The mansion and its precincts are now under the ownership of the state agricultural marketing department but is a listed heritage structure under HMDA.Ibrahim Khan, a grocery store owner who lives in the vicinity of the mansion, highlights the local apathy towards the structure. He informs that it has turned into a large toilet bowl. He said, \"It is a common sight here to see a crowd entering the structure every morning carrying water in containers. This has been happening for a long time now. Some of us who are concerned about the structure shoo people away but that is the only deterrence there is.\"Khan also said that the situation was far worse when until a year and half ago, the peripheries of the structure was encroached upon by locals. \"The authorities came and cleared the encroachers. They also fenced the structure but did not take up any repairs,\" he added.Several monuments in the city have been crying for protection and restoration. Mahbub Mansion is among those which can be salvaged, say conservation architects. \"The monument is in a better shape when compared to many other structures in the city. It can be saved. A plan for reuse would be required for the palace and the gateways. While doors and windows were knocked off and the first floor has become inaccessible due to human waste, the structure itself is not beyond restoration,\" said Madhu Vottery, a conservation architect. She also pointed out that plans were floated by erstwhile Huda to restore the mansion and use it as a club house for the Hyderabad Race Course but it remained on paper.The heritage regulations laid down by the then Huda, which were adopted later by the HMDA, classifies the Mansion as a Grade 2 B structure deserving 'intelligent conservation.' Sources in HMDA revealed that the metropolitan development authority is strapped for funds to carry out heritage conservation works. \"Plans were drawn for reuse as a race course club but could not be executed because of cash crunch. Importantly this shows the unwillingness of the authorities to pursue such matters and reflects the lackadaisical attitude prevalent towards heritage,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12191811", "title": "Maharashtra to share 50% cost of two railway projects", "text": "Mumbai: Aiming to speed up the work on Pune-Nashik rail link, the Maharashtra government has decided to contribute 50% towards the cost of the Rs.1,900 crore project.Officials said that besides the Pune-Nashik link, the state government will also shell out 50% of the project cost for the critical Rs.928-crore Karad-Chiplun rail link.This would help connect the western Maharashtra and the coastal Konkan region, separated by the Western Ghats. The decision was taken at the state cabinet meeting presided over by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan here Wednesday.Incidentally, the issue had figured prominently during a meeting between Union railway minister Dinesh Trivedi and Chavan last week in Mumbai.\"The linking of Western Maharashtra with the coastal Konkan region is essential for the equitable development and industrialization of the region,\" the Maharashtra CM said on the occasion.While the Pune-Nashik line is 265 km long, the Karad-Chiplun link is around 112 km long, mainly passing through the lofty Western Ghats and would afford closer rail access to the strawberry regions comprising Mahabaleshwar, Panchgani and other smaller hill stations. Presently, all the four points - Pune in western Maharashtra, Nashik in northern, Karad in western and Chiplun in Konkan - are connected to Mumbai by different railway routes. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12190810", "title": "HC almost normal, lower courts hit", "text": "BANGALORE: The situation in the Karnataka high court improved further on Thursday with more lawyers turning up in court halls. But work in the City Civil Court complex, family courts and Nrupatunga Road magistrate courts came to a standstill, while Mayo Hall magistrate courts registered normal proceedings.There was more security at the high court with the deployment of women constables and special force constables. At the City Civil Court complex, several governing council members exhorted members to continue the strike. The cases were adjourned for want of advocates.Women Scribes ThreatenedLater two women journalists were mobbed in the high court and threatened with dire consequences by a group of advocates comprising women. As the situation threatened to go out of control, police intervened and escorted the women journalist to safety.Hundreds of advocates have been on a dharna at the City Civil Court premises since Wednesday, with a dozen of them also on a fast. One of them was on Thursday hospitalized due to weakness.Over 100 women advocates practising in civil and other courts met chief justice Vikramajit Sen in the high court and apprised him of the trauma they underwent in the March 2 violence.The delegation showed him the CDs containing police excesses. They later appealed to senior advocates to support the agitation. \"The police misbehaved with us and used vulgar language,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12190449", "title": "Nashik translator bags Sahitya Akademi Award 2011", "text": "NASHIK: Jagat Debnath, a retired senior supervisor in the accounts department of Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL), has been awarded the 2011 Sahitya Akademi Award for translation from 22 contenders. The award ceremony will be held in August 2012. Debnath bagged the award for translating renowned Marathi writer Namdev Kamble's novel Raghav Vel into 'Raghober Din Raat' in Bengali. Kamble had won a Sahitya Akademi Award for the same novel in '95.Debnath has been writing essays, books and has been translating books from Marathi to Bengali since 1990. He has translated more than 100 stories from Sanskrit to Bengali and four Marathi novels to Bengali. His noted translated works include Vishnu Waman Shirwadkar's Vaishnav which he translated to Baisnab in Bengali, and a collection of short stories by ten renowned Marathi authors including Shirwadkar, VS Khandekar, Priya Tendulkar and others. \"I have done all this with their permission and they were glad to give me their blessings. I have also met Shirwadkar a number of times,\" said Debnath, recounting his experience.Originally from Kolkata, Debnath came to Nashik in 1972 when he joined HAL. He did not give up his passion for writing and gradually developed a fascination for Marathi literature. This in turn led him to start translating good Marathi literature for Bengali readers. \"My Marathi colleagues at HAL were very helpful when I started translating,\" he said.The executive board of the Sahitya Akademi had announced the translation awards for 22 books on February 13 at Rabindra Bhavan in New Delhi. The prize comprises Rs 50,000 and a copper plaque, to be presented at a special function in August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "12191741", "title": "Telengana supporters keep off bypoll campaign", "text": "NIZAMABAD: Leaders of Telangana NGOs and TJAC, lawyers and people's organisations are staying away from byelection campaign for Kamareddy and Adilabad assembly constituencies. TNGOs who played an active role in the electioneering in 2010 and 2011 bypolls are keeping a safe distance from election campaign in the wake of Election Commission's strict orders to government employees.Sources said suspension of a government employee in Warangal district recently gave the employees a hint to not violate the EC norms. Notices were served to two employees for participating in TJAC convenor M Kodandaram's programme in Adilabad, it is learnt. Speaking to TOI, P Ganesh, a government school teacher, said employees, who had mounted tremendous pressure on the state government through their 42-day Sakala Janula Samme were warned by government of serious action if they participated in the election campaign in support of any political party.TJAC leaders, lawyers and students, who played an active role in the by-polls in Banswada in 2011, Nizamabad urban and Yellareddy in 2010, for the victory of Telangana leaders have not made their presence felt in Kamareddy constituency so far though the election is only 10 days away.Except Telangana Rashtra Samithi MLAs K Tarakarama Rao, Pocharam Srinivas Reddy and Eenugu Ravinder Reddy, no other Telangana protagonists have campaigned for the victory of Gampa Goverdhan who resigned as MLA and joined TRS by quitting Telugu Desam Party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12190439", "title": "'Sena not keen on giving outside support to MNS'", "text": "NASHIK: The Shiv Sena is likely to stake claim for power sharing with the MNS in the Nashik Municipal Corporaiton (NMC). Three days after the Thane Municipal Corporation mayoral polls, in which the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) supported the Sena-BJP, neither the Shiv Sena has officially declared its support to the MNS nor has the MNS sought support from Shiv Sena in the NMC. The Shiv Sena apparently does not want to give external support to the MNS and instead wants to share power with the MNS.Arvind Sawant, in-charge of the Shiv Sena's Nashik affairs, said, \"MNS office-bearers have still not approached us. But a decision on whether to support the MNS during the mayoral polls for the NMC will be taken by Sena chief Balasaheb Thackeray and executive president Uddhav Thackeray. We are office-bearers and we only implement decisions taken by our leaders.\"Sources say that the Shiv Sena-RPI (A) alliance was near majority in Thane and needed only one or two votes. But the situation is different in Nashik. The MNS has emerged as the single-largest party, but is still far behind the majority. It still requires the support of 22 corporators, a figure that the Sena-RPI (A) alliance has managed to notch up.The recently held NMC elections have thrown up a fragmented mandate. No single party or alliance has received a clear mandate. But, the MNS has emerged as the single-largest party during the polls. A party or political formation requires at least 62 seats to rule the 122-member NMC House.In the NMC elections, the MNS won 40 seats, the Shiv Sena-RPI (A) alliance got 22 seats, the Congress-NCP combine 35 seats, BJP 14 seats, independents six, CPM three and Janrajya Aghadi two seats.The mayoral polls were scheduled on March 15 as none of the parties or alliance could reach the magic figure of 62 to rule the NMC House. But, the timely support of MNS to Shiv Sena during the mayoral polls for Thane Municipal Corporation (TMC) and help the later in retaining power in TMC has made it clear that the Mayor of Nashik will be from MNS. After the Mayoral polls in TMC, the Shiv Sena Executive President Uddhav Thackeray had said that the party would support MNS in Nashik if it sought support from us.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "4768656", "title": "Profiles", "text": "IPL players' profile CL T20 players' profileIndia  Australia  BangladeshNew Zealand  England  PakistanKenya  South Africa  Sri LankaWest Indies  Zimbabwe  NetherlandsCanada  Ireland  ScotlandBermuda  Namibia  USAUAE  Hong Kong", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12192061", "title": "Mumbai school buses to go on strike from today", "text": "MUMBAI: The School Bus Owners Association (SBOA) has decided to go on an indefinite strike from Friday, forcing some schools to declare a holiday for kindergarten children and leaving parents harried. Accusing the bus owners of irresponsible attitude, the Forum for Fairness in Education has decided to file a PIL in the Bombay High Court on Friday.\"If the bus owners have some issue with the government, they should resolve it together. Why target kids, especially with finals exams round the corner?\" forum chief Jayant Jain said. The forum is trying to get a stay on the strike and is also hoping to stop the repeated calls for stirs on working days.Hitting out at the School Bus Owners Association (SBOA), chief of the Forum for Fairness in Education Jayant Jain said, \"Some issues that they have raised have been taken up by the authorities for amendment although the procedure and formality are still to be completed. Under these circumstances, the call not to ply school buses is irresponsible.\"There is no clarity on whether the SBOA is a registered organization. This is the fourth time since December 2011 that the SBOA has called for an strike citing that its demands for certain changes in the School Bus Safety Policy are not being acknowledged. \"The government has taken cognizance of their demands, but these are rules made keeping into account certain SC orders and no government can go against the court it,\" said Indrani Malkani, a member on the government-appointed committee that formulated the bus safety policy.On Wednesday, SBOA representatives were called for a meeting with the home department and told that they should withdraw their strike. \"We asked for a written assurance that our demands will be met, but they weren't ready to do so. No school has exam is on right now. We are also concerned about children. The government needs to act now,\" said SBOA president Anil Garg.With the strike threatening to go indefinite this time round, some schools have also declared a holiday for students in lower classes. \"We are hoping things will resolve by Monday so that students' studies don't suffer,\" said the principal of an ICSE school in Andheri. Last December, the call for an indefinite strike lasted only a day and schools are hopeful something similar will happen this time too. Some schools that are currently shut are the not bothered with the strike. \"We have already finished final examinations for students and are currently shut. The new session will begin only on March 12,\" said the principal of St Gregorious School in Mulund.\"If the strike lasts more than a day, many parents will be in a soup,\" said Valencia D'souza, mother of a student o fYashodham High School in Goregaon (E). The school has declared a holiday on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "annavaram (east godavari)", "code": "12191661", "title": "Another seer opposes Tirumala mandapam plan", "text": "ANNAVARAM (EAST GODAVARI): Tirumala's 1,000-pillar mandapam, famous as the Veyyi Kalla Mandapam, continues to be in news even though it was dismantled seven years back. The latest development came on Thursday when Visakha Sarada Peetham's Swamy Swaroopanandendra, too, expressed his opposition to the reconstruction of the mandapam as have Tridandi Srimannarayana Chinna Jeeyar Swami and others before him.The seer said that it would not be possible to construct the mandapam at the spot where it stood. After performing special pujas at the Satyanarayana Swamy temple at Ratnagiri Hills, he alleged that there was too much political interference in the temple's management.\"If the government wants to take a major decision regarding a temple, it should first initiate dialogue with seers on their proposal,\" he said.The seer alleged that land belonging to Tirumala temple had been encroached upon and urged the state government to arrange for the protection of temple property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12191434", "title": "Veteran actress Radha Kumari passes away", "text": "HYDERABAD: Renowned actress Radha Kumari, 70, wife of well-known actor Ravi Kondal Rao, died following a heart attack on Thursday.Radha Kumari worked in 600 films essaying roles of mother or grandmother in most films during a four-decade stint in the film industry during which she established herself as an accomplished character actor.Radha Kumari had made her debut in 1962 with the film 'Tene Manasulu' directed by Adurthi Subba Rao and produced by Sundaram. She played hero Krishna's mother in the movie.Radha Kumari's husband, Ravi Kondal Rao, was abroad on Thursday when tragedy struck.He was reportedly on his way to the US to attend a felicitation function.Upon receiving news of his wife's death, Rao is said to have turned back from Dubai where he was making a stopover and was learnt to be returning to the city.Radha Kumari, who belonged to the Vizianagaram district has an impressive filmography having acted in films like 'Bridavanam', 'Okarikiokaru', 'Chandamama', 'Bhairava Dweepam' and 'Oye', among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12191015", "title": "Power shutdown on Friday", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on March 10 from 9am to 5pm for maintenance work. Supply will resume before 5.30pm if the works are completed.Shanthi Colony: Anna nagar - AA to AM Block, 3 to 15th Main Road, 7th Main Road, TNHB quarters, Old Y block, Anna Nagar East - Part of A block, Shenoy Nagar West - I, II, III Main Road, 3 to 8th Cross Street, Gandhi Street, Beri Beri Road , Kamarajar Street, Periya Koodal, Bharathi Puram, West Club Road, West Park Road, Kathiravan Colony, Gajalakshmi Colony, Amjikarai - Thiruveethi Amman Koil Street, Manjakollai Street, PP Garden, MM Colony, Periyar Colony, Pullah Avenue, NSK Nagar - PH Road, 11 to 23 Road Street of N S K Nagar, Kannappan Street, Part of N M Road.Nanganallur Area: MGR Road, Hindu Teacher Colony, B V Nagar, SBI Colony Main and Extn, NGO Colony, AGS Colony, MMTC Colony, Burma Tamilar Colony, Jain Street Colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "12200140", "title": "Jat stir intensified in the Haryana", "text": "HISAR: As the state government has refused to release any of the arrested jat leaders, the protesters have started fanning out in more areas in Hisar district and adjoining places.According to information, the jats had set the ultimatum for the government to free their leaders expired by noon on Friday, agitation supporters in different areas have laid siege of various roads and highways to block the vehicular traffic.Firstly, they again disconnected the Hisar route from different areas by laying stones in the middle of the road. The national highway which connect to Hisar to Delhi has been blocked near Mayyar village, the epicentre of the movement.The new points of blockade are in village Sarsod on Hisar- Chandigarh road, in Dhanana on Rohtak -Bhiwani road, near Agroha turn on Hisar-Fatehabad road and Kheri Chopta village on Jind-Barwala road.About 24 trains, including express services remained off the track for 19th day as the Jats are staging dharna near Mayyar village on railway track in support of their demand for their inclusion in the other backward category.Suresh Koth, the jat leader who was taking charge at the Mayyar railway track told the TOI, \"Since the government has failed to accept our demands to release of around 100 Jat leaders, we have decided to intensify the stir from Friday. We have called a meeting of youths and other Jat committee members and directed them to start the block the roads connecting to Hisar. We will intensify the stir in the state from now.\"Toughening their stand, the jat leader said they would not hold talks with the government anymore or local administration. Any further talks on the issue would be held by the jat leaders lodged in jail, thus it's imperative for the government to release them before hoping for a breakthrough. The district administration have deployed heavy police force in sensitive areas in Hisar district in view of apprehension of deterioration in the law and order situation. The administration called 24 companies of paramilitary force and deployed in the outskirts from the protesting area.Quoting the deputy commissioner's orders, Amit Panwar, an official spokesman, said that not even a single Jat protester who was arrested by the police will be released. The administration is fully prepared to cope with the situation. He said, \"DC has ordered that all the educational institutes in Hisar district will be closed for one more day. But if any school or educational institute is going to conduct examination, can go for it. We will not let the protesters to disturb any kind of examination.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12190546", "title": "Federal Bank announces expansion, hiring spree", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala-based private lender Federal Bank will open 100 new branches on Saturday, said P C John, executive director of the bank. He was talking to reporters in Kochi on Thursday about the bank's branch expansion plans. The new openings will increase the bank's branch network in the country to 938.\"Our branch network will grow to 1,000 by June 2012. Our strategy is to focus on Kerala, Tamil Nadu , Karnataka, Maharashtra, Gujarat and Punjab,\" John said. \"These are places with more potential for small and medium enterprises and NRI business. Of the new branches opening on March 10, 26 will be located in Kerala, 19 in Tamil Nadu, nine in Punjab and eight in GujaratTwenty-one of these branches will be in metro towns, 17 in urban areas and 57 in semi-urban areas,\" he added.As part of the outlet expansion plan, the bank is also on a recruitment drive.\"For each new branch, we need three or four employees and are hiring locally to avoid the language problem while expanding to other states. We recruited 1,000 people this fiscal and will add another 1,500 people in fiscal 2013,\" John said. \"The Ernakulam zone of the bank has huge potential for growth, contributing 17.5% of the bank's total business, with deposits of Rs 8,000 crore and advances of Rs 6,025 crore. With the addition of six new branches, the total branches in the zone will reach 160,\" said GM T Oommen Benajamin. The new branches will be at Bharananganam, Kurichi, Manimala, Kottaramattom in Pala, Vannappuram and Mangattukavala in Thodupuzha. \"The bank will also be adding six new ATMs in the Ernakulam zone on March 10,\" he added.The bank has also witnessed a spurt in NRI deposits since last April, authorities said. \"This was the offshoot of rupee depreciation and removal of the interest rate cap on rupee term deposits by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI),\" said John.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12191060", "title": "Restrict Lankan VIPs\u2019 visit to TN, Jaya tells PM", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa has urged the PM to discourage frequent private visits by Sri Lankan VIPs to the state and allow them to come only after consulting her.In a letter to the PM on Wednesday, Jayalalithaa said it would be appropriate if the TN government was kept informed about such trips. She said the Union external affairs and home ministries had already been told about the difficulties her government faced due to frequent visits by Sri Lankan VIPs.\"As you are fully aware, the people of TN are greatly exercised over the conduct of the Lankan government while dealing with Sri Lankan Tamils and their rights. The local perception is that the Sri Lankan government has completely failed in ensuring the local Tamils' right to live with dignity, self-respect and equal constitutional status on a par with the Sinhalese,\" the CM said.The sharply-worded letter comes amid pressure from several political parties, including her AIADMK, on the Centre to back a US-sponsored resolution in the UN Human Rights Council on war crimes in Sri Lanka which is expected to come up for voting this month. Jayalalithaa had written two letters to the PM on the issue, demanding that India support the resolution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12190996", "title": "Few gensets available for schools to hire, govt in soup", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government is unlikely to make good on its promise to provide generators to schools to ensure they are not hit by power outages in the run-up to the examinations.The Class 12 examinations for state board began on March 8 and will continue till March 30, and the Class 10 examinations are to be held between April 4 and 23, but the market has been hit by a severe shortage of generators of the capacity specified by the government. The government said it would pay rent only for generators of less than 5KVA capacity but most agencies have only high-end generators for hire.Chief minister J Jayalalithaa had announced that the government would pay for the use of generators by all government, aided and self-financing high and higher secondary schools. While the aided and self-financing schools are expected to hire the generators themselves and pass the bill on to the government, the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board is expected to hire the gen sets for government schools.\"We received the list from the education department stating that we have to make arrangements for 5,500 generators, but we will be able to hire only 1,900 generators,\" a senior TNEB official said. Around 3,000 private and aided schools have to arrange for the generator sets themselves.\"Small agencies in the city have a limited number of generators and only those of the open-type that makes a lot of noise,\" N R Hariharan, who rents out generators, told TOI. \"Schools need quieter generators, especially during the examinations. It will be difficult for schools to get such generators on hire from the market.\"Buying new generators is also not easy, say generator dealers. \"Sales have been increasing every week. There is a waiting period of at least four weeks for low-capacity generators,\" said R Jai Shankar, a dealer in Vadapalani.Private schools say the state's efforts to provide power to schools came much too late.\"The government order is meant to appease the public. It is not practical,\" said N Ramasubrahmanyan, founder of Shri Natesan Vidyasala Matriculation Higher Secondary School. He said that he had been unable to get a generator for rent so far and that shops and other commercial establishments had already booked gen sets from all the dealers he knew of. \"I can only get generators of much higher capacity, which are unnecessary and too expensive,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12190231", "title": "MNS, Shiv Sena to meet at Matoshree", "text": "NASHIK: The leaders of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), led by MLA Vasant Gite, are likely to go to Matoshree, the Mumbai residence of Shiv Sena patriarch Bal Thackeray , on Friday to work out a way to gain control of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), according to party sources.After the mayoral polls for the Thane Municipal Corporation, where the MNS supported the Shiv Sena, speculation is rife that that the Sena would support the MNS in the NMC. A team of MNS leaders led by Gite will meet party chief Raj Thackeray, after which a joint meeting of the two parties is likely to take place at Matoshree, party sources say.A deal with the Shiv Sena over support in the NMC is almost final. But a meeting between the bigwigs from both parties is essential before the mayoral elections. Tomorrow being the foundation day of our party and the fact that the number nine is lucky for us, the meeting would be productive,\" said a source. A senior leader from the Shiv Sena said that there are many aspirants for the post of mayor and deputy mayor in the party but it is certain that the mayor would be from the MNS.On being asked if the Shiv Sena would stake claim for the deputy mayor's post, he said, \"There are chances that our party may get the deputy mayor's chair. All this will be decided by top leaders from both parties. On Friday, MLAs and some office-bearers will meet at Matoshree. I feel that we should give the MNS outside support because in the forthcoming elections of the legislative assembly and parliament, we will be contesting against each other, which does not give a good impression about our alliance. Only after the meeting on Friday a decision regarding support will be taken.\" Other Shiv Sainiks feel that either the post of deputy mayor or that of chairman of the standing committee should be the Shiv Sena's.The MNS, meanwhile, has not yet decided who they will be fielding as mayor. A senior leader of the party, who is likely to be present for Friday's meeting, said that Raj Thackeray will decide who the mayoral candidate would be.\"Since we supported the Shiv Sena in Thane, there should be no problem in getting their support here. There are 5-6 candidates eligible for the post,\" he said, revealing reluctantly that Surekha Bhosale, Sujata Dere, Hemant Godse, Shashikant Jadhav, Ashok Murtadak, Ramesh Dhongade and Yatin Wagh were the contenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12201800", "title": "Chikungunya fear in city", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Chikungunya has popped up once again in Thiruvananthapuram, especially in the coastal belt. According to sources, 10 chikungunya cases were reported from the coastal region of Anchuthengu alone where over 500 cases of fever have been reported in the past two weeks.The district medical officer told TOI that blood samples would be collected from this area on Monday and send for testing to the National Institute of Virology in Pune for confirmation.Chikungunya cases came to light when samples collected from this area by the Rajiv Gandhi Centre for Biotechnology (RGCB) tested positive. Sources said that of the 20 odd samples collected, 10 had tested positive.\"The fever is spreading. The district medical administration has been holding medical camps here at regular intervals. Even on Thursday, our team was there following the RGCB findings. However, symptoms of chikungunya have not been found here. Anyway, we have decided to send the samples to the Pune institute for detailed examination,\" said Dr Peethambaran, DMO.He said health workers were on the vigil in the region and were constantly reporting from the field. \"It is a fact that the fever is spreading, but there is no fear of an outbreak,\" the DMO said.According to health workers manning Anchuthengu, people cutting across all age groups have been affected by the fever. Fear also looms large, as three years ago this region was badly affected by chikungunya.\"We have strengthened our activities for source reduction and have provided adequate quantities of drugs to be distributed in the area. We are also in the process of finding the density of mosquitoes here,\" said the DMO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12192024", "title": "2G: Trai issues paper on auction of spectrum", "text": "NEW DELHI: Inching closer towards auction of spectrum, sector regulator Telecom Regulatory Authority Of India (Trai) has issued consultation paper on auction of spectrum to seek views of various stakeholders and then give its recommendation to the department of telecom (DoT).\"On the basis of the comments received from the stakeholders on the preconsultation paper and considering the international practices, the draft consultation paper on 'auction of spectrum' has been prepared,\" Trai said in a statement issued late on Wednesday.The key issues raised in this paper are amount of spectrum to be auctioned, liberalisation and reframing of spectrum in 800/900 MHz bands, structure of auction, spectrum block size, eligibility criteria for participating in the auction, reserve price, roll out obligations, spectrum usage charges and trading. The consultation paper shows 60 Mhz and 413.6 Mhz of spectrum will be vacated in 800 Mhz and 1800 Mhz spectrum bands respectively from the cancellation of 122 2G licences by Supreme Court.However, most of the telecom service area do not have quantum of spectrum chunk even for a single new entrants that has been decided by government for allocation under new National Telecom Policy. The new prescribed limit on spectrum assigned to a service provider is pair of 8 MHz and 5 MHz for GSM and CDMA technologies for all service areas other than in Delhi and Mumbai where it will be 10MHz and 6.25 MHz paired spectrum.Apex decision making body of DoT, Telecom Commission has also approved National Telecom Policy 2012 on Wednesday. This will be now send by DoT to the Cabinet for its approval.Telecom Commission Chairman R Chandrashekhar saod that the NTP 2012 will be send to the Cabinet by end of this month and expected to get Cabinet approval by April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12190624", "title": "Holi colour poisoning lands over 200 in Mumbai hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: Holi celebrations took on a nightmarish hue in parts of the city on Thursday as scores of people, including children, were hospitalized for colour poisoning.More than 195 people were admitted to Sion Hospital and another 12 to Rajawadi Hospital after they complained of giddiness, burning sensation on skin, nausea and vomiting. The state has set up a high-level inquiry into the episode.The hotbeds of the colour poisoning, the police said, were areas like Shastri Nagar, Shahu Nagar and Lokmanya Tilak Nagar in Dharavi, where panic spread fast as news travelled of children fainting. Between 1pm and 2pm, over 100 patients from these neighbourhoods were rushed to Sion Hospital-many in police vans-with similar complaints.Over the day, the hospital admitted about 195 patients, 91 of them children, said dean Dr Sandhya Kamath. Three of the patients-Renuka Maitre (3), Venkatesh Patnam (12) and Omkar Pode (9)-were admitted to the paediatric intensive care unit after their oxygen levels in the blood dipped significantly. An adult patient was kept in the medical intensive care unit for observation.Till late evening, there was little clarity on the source of the poisoning or its precise nature.The police suspected the toxic substance may have come from a Dharavi dumping ground where harmful effluents are thrown by the area's leather tanners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12190368", "title": "Builders forego nominal deposit than plant trees", "text": "NASHIK: Five trees have to be planted as a rule for completion of buildings, but this is not being done in most buildings in the city. A system of taking deposit from builders had thus been started by the Nashik Municipal Corporation to ensure that trees are planted and maintained in the building premises. The deposit money would then be returned to the former after three years. However, builders who claim that they are planting trees or are depositing the required money prefer to forego the deposit than plant trees and maintain them.In October last year, tree activists had approached the tree authority to know why the rule of planting at least five trees in building compounds is not being followed. They added that one of the conditions for certifying building completion by the town planning department of the NMC is that builders should leave space for tree plantation.\"Under the pretext of cleanliness, concretization is done till the compound wall and no trees are planted. A deposit is taken from the builder, which is returned to him after three years, but neither are trees planted nor is the deposit taken back from the NMC,\" alleged Ashwini Bhatt, a tree activist. The money goes to the municipal corporation's kitty, which it claims is used for its tree plantation drives but if that was the case, then the city would have been green, she points out. \"Where does this money go? When we had brought this to the NMC's notice in October 2011, we were told that completion certificates of all the offenders would be taken back, but nothing seems to be done,\" she said.Sujoy Gupta, a renowned builder elaborates, \"Smaller buildings have lesser space margin so people find it difficult to move their vehicles around in the complex. As a solution, a deposit is given to the NMC which is supposed to use it for planting trees in the same locality. Bigger buildings do plant trees, but the NMC does not. NGOs and tree activists plant more trees than the corporation. It is important to maintain trees and that is why the deposit is to be collected after three years by the builder.\"A minimum of five trees need to be planted as part of the procedure for the completion of a building, informs executive engineer S V Ghuge of the town planning department of the NMC. This is not followed by everyone and that is why the system of taking deposit from builders was started, he said. \"The deposit is taken for planting trees and for maintaining them for three years. After three years, the owner can take the deposit back,\" he said.He said that when the officials of the town planning department visit the location to give a completion certificate, planted saplings are shown to them. \"After three years they should inform us that the trees have survived and that they want their deposit back. The gardens department should visit the spot. But till date, no one has come to ask for the deposit,\" he said.Tree activists say that if there is no tree to show and if the deposit is so nominal, then why should builders apply for refund. Ghuge says that small schemes flout norms while bigger schemes follow them and plant more than five trees. He also agrees that the gardens department does not follow up on the tree plantation. The compulsion of depositing an amount for planting trees was started around 15 years back, he said.Sources from the gardens department reveal that till date no one approached them to show them the trees in building premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12194510", "title": "Pune-Ahmedabad Duronto likely to be on track from March 11", "text": "PUNE: The much-awaited Pune-Ahmedabad-Pune tri-weekly Duronto express is expected to make its inaugural run from Pune on March 11. This will be the third Duronto from Pune after trains to Delhi and Howrah. The train will take around eight-and-half-hours to complete the journey from Pune to Ahmedabad and will be the fastest amongst all trains currently traveling between these destinations.The train was announced in the 2011-12 railway budgets but its commissioning was delayed.The train will be a fully air-conditioned, with 10 passenger coaches, including seven III-tier, two II-tier and one I-tier coach. Barring some operational stops, the train will not halt on any station between Pune and Ahmedabad.The train will run every Mondays, Thursdays and Saturdays from Pune at 9.45 pm and will reach Ahmedabad next day at 6.20 am. For return journey, the train will leave Ahmedabad on every Tuesdays, Fridays and Sundays at 10.30 pm and will reach Pune at 7 am the next day.A senior official from Pune railway division said, \"Yes, the train will start in the next few days. However, we are yet to receive any formal communication from the railway ministry pertaining to its running schedule and fare structure. The train might have its inaugural run on March 11 from Pune; and then it will commence its regular trips between the two cities from the next week. We are expecting more details from the railway ministry in the next two days.\"Another railway official said the Duronto rake has reached Pune. The administration successfully conducted a trial run of it on Pune-Lonavla track.Sources from railway administration said the Duronto trains from Pune to Delhi and Howrah have registered good passenger load factor throughout the year. Passengers are finding these trains comfortable due to faster speed and air-conditioned facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12191393", "title": "BJP\u2019s poll wish will not come true: Congress", "text": "CHENNAI: Union environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan on Thursday ruled out any fears of early polls, saying the relations between the allies in the UPA were largely cordial, barring differences on a few issues. \"There is no question of mid-term polls, and the UPA government will last its full term,\" Natarajan said, downplaying the impact of the UP electoral verdict.In a rejoinder to BJP leader Sushma Swaraj , Natarajan also exhorted \"rival parties which have won in three states-UP, Punjab and Goa-to \"concentrate on good governance\" and \"not hope to destabilize the central government because that is a wish which will not come true\". She said the UPA government would not only continue but also strive to get the women's reservation bill passed in the Lok Sabha during the upcoming session.Natarajan also referred to Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's call to party units to maintain a good relationship with allies. \"The Congress president has said we will continue to engage with all our allies and this government will last its full term,\" she said, reflecting the party's commitment to keep its ties intact with the DMK. Shukla also emphasized that the differences within the UPA were merely over \"one or two issues\".Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12190349", "title": "Crimes involving auto drivers on the rise", "text": "NASHIK: While the city police have launched a massive vehicle checking campaign, there is no let off in the crimes pertaining to autorickshaw drivers in the city- be it charging an exorbitant fare, cheating passengers, beating them up or even using the three wheelers for other types of crime.The past few weeks have seen a remarkable rise in crimes where autorickshaws have been used. Recently, an auto driver and one other were arrested by the Bhadhrakali police for looting a rickshaw passenger near Shalimar circle. On Monday, the Bhadrakali police arrested Gulab Mahajan and Mukesh Phalke for beating up a passenger after the latter began bargaining over the fare from Shalimar to Makhamalabad Naka. The rickshaw driver and his aide not only beat up the passenger, Mabud Ali, but also snatched Rs 120 from his pocket.The memory of the February 10 incident of a rickshaw driver attempting to set a traffic cop ablaze is still afresh. Just a few days after this incident, an ST driver was beaten up by a rickshaw driver, near Anuradha Theatre in Nashik Road, when the bus driver accidentally hit the rickshaw in front of him.The police said that of late, rickshaw drivers were also found indulging in various crimes like illegal transport of liquor during the election period. In another instance, the city police confiscated arms from a rickshaw during the routine patrolling in the Trimurty Chowk area of Cidco. According to the police, two swords, one revolver, three live cartridges, a sharp weapon and hockey sticks were recovered from the rickshaw. While three managed to escape from the spot, police arrested three others. They said that the miscreants were allegedly on their way to carry out an armed dacoity.On February 28, the Sarkarwada police arrested four dacoits who were preparing for an armed dacoity in the Sharanpur Road area of the city. According to the police, around 2.45am, they came across Arun Kable, Lakhan Shirsat and Vicky Thakur- all residents near the Golf Club Grounds area- along with Prakash Jadhav of Mamakale Chawl and Dnyaneshwar Gaikwad of Siddharth Nagar, travelling in a rickshaw near the Tibetan Market area opposite the police commissionerate. The police said that they were on their way to give effect to a dacoity. While Gaikwad managed to flee, the other four were nabbed. The police confiscated two knives, an iron rod and chilli powder from them.Senior police officials contend that a large number of rickshaws do not operate on the requisite permits issued by the regional transport officer. While there are around 8,500 rickshaws operating in the city, according to the RTO, the rickshaw union members say the figure is over 13,000 and many of them have not renewed their permits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12201885", "title": "Accidents and deaths across state mar Holi celebrations", "text": "GUWAHATI: Though this year Holi was celebrated in a big way across the state, for many, the days were not so happy. With the revellers high on alcohol and drugs during the Holi celebration, the city registered several cases of accident. There were some deaths, too.At least four youngsters died here in separate accidents during the Holi celebrations on Thursday and Friday. The Kamrup district topped the chart in the road accidents with 25 accidents on Thursday. The state registered a total 179 cases of road accidents in the last 48 hours.Bitumani Roy (23) died on the spot in the Maligaon area on Thursday afternoon, while she was enjoying the holi on a bike ride with her friend. \"She died on the spot. We found some contrabands from a bag she was having,\" said police.In another bike accident in the Khanapra area, one Naznin Hussain (27) died while the two-wheeler she was riding pillion hit the divider. She was a teacher in one of the private engineering colleges of the city. On Thursday, in an incident of drowning, one Rupam Deka (17), a class XI student of Jalukbari HS School, died when he went for a swim after playing Holi with friends in Dharapur area. \"He was very happy and went to swim in the Brahmaputra River. But he went a little far in the river and drowned. Later the NDRF team fished out his dead body from the river,\" said a local. On Friday, too, Kamal Das (24), was believed to be drowned in a pond in the Azara area when he went for a dip after the holi celebrations.According to the official statistics released by the Emergency Management and Research Institute (EMRI) here, the state registered a total of 98 road accidents on Thursday and another 81 on Friday. \"The accident tolls are always up during such celebrations. Youngsters on alcohol and drugs meet with road accidents. Many met with fatal destiny,\" said an official of EMRI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12190311", "title": "Habeas corpus to locate Kashmiri husband: HC doesn't have powers, says state", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court doesn't have the jurisdiction to order the police to produce the Kashmiri husband of a Christian girl from Fort Kochi who is believed to be detained in Srinagar by relatives, the state government submitted to the court on Thursday.The submission was made by additional director-general of prosecution Tom Jose Padinjarekara when the habeas corpus petition filed by Merin Godsey from Veli seeking an order to locate her husband Muhammed Sikhander Gora from Anzimar Khanyar in Sringar came up for hearing on Thursday.Arguing the case before a division bench of Justice K M Joseph and Justice M L Joseph Francis, the ADGP submitted to the court that the boy is being detained in Srinagar and only a court has the jurisdiction to order for his production.Relying on a full bench decision of the Kerala high court in 1974, the ADGP argued that the person being detained left Kerala on his free will and as he is alleged to be detained in Srinagar, only a court there can interfere, he submitted.The petitioner's counsel K V Sabu had submitted to the court earlier that cause of action was partly in Kochi itself and, therefore, the high court has ample powers to order for production of the boy being detained in Kashmir.The couple met each other in Kochi and stayed together here and left for Kashmir later on, which gives the court jurisdiction to intervene as cause of action took place partly in Kochi, the counsel had told the court.Merin fell in love with Muhammed while working at a jewellery shop in Fort Kochi. She later went to Kashmir along with her lover and converted to Islam to marry him. Two months after the marriage held at Kashmir, the boy's relatives began threatening her that they would make him divorce her. This was after taking into custody 30 sovereigns of gold and Rs 1 lakh that she had with her.When the threats became unbearable, Merin had returned to Kochi in November 2010 and subsequently approached the high court with a habeas corpus petition to locate her husband believed to be detained by his relatives in Kashmir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12190404", "title": "'Parties closer to a deal over city mayor's post'", "text": "A deal with the Shiv Sena over support in the NMC is almost final. But a meeting between the bigwigs from both parties is essential before the mayoral elections. Tomorrow being the foundation day of our party and the fact that the number nine is lucky for us, the meeting would be productive,\" said a source. A senior leader from the Shiv Sena said that there are many aspirants for the post of mayor and deputy mayor in the party but it is certain that the mayor would be from the MNS.On being asked if the Shiv Sena would stake claim for the deputy mayor's post, he said, \"There are chances that our party may get the deputy mayor's chair. All this will be decided by top leaders from both parties. On Friday, MLAs and some office-bearers will meet at Matoshree. I feel that we should give the MNS outside support because in the forthcoming elections of the legislative assembly and parliament, we will be contesting against each other, which does not give a good impression about our alliance. Only after the meeting on Friday a decision regarding support will be taken.\" Other Shiv Sainiks feel that either the post of deputy mayor or that of chairman of the standing committee should be the Shiv Sena's.The MNS, meanwhile, has not yet decided who they will be fielding as mayor. A senior leader of the party, who is likely to be present for Friday's meeting, said that Raj Thackeray will decide who the mayoral candidate would be.\"Since we supported the Shiv Sena in Thane, there should be no problem in getting their support here. There are 5-6 candidates eligible for the post,\" he said, revealing reluctantly that Surekha Bhosale, Sujata Dere, Hemant Godse, Shashikant Jadhav, Ashok Murtadak, Ramesh Dhongade and Yatin Wagh were the contenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "12190985", "title": "Tamil groups protest Lankan academic visit", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Close on the heels of chief minister J Jayalalithaa writing to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh seeking to discourage visits of Sri Lankan delegates to Tamil Nadu, activists of some pro-Tamil outfits disrupted an international conference and forced the organisers to send away a Sri Lankan academician on Thursday.The members of the outfits besides MDMK barged into the conference venue at Manonmaniam Sundaranar University and protested the participation of Jeeva Niriella, faculty of law, University of Colombo, during the conference on 'Exploring linkage between drug usage and criminal victimisation'.This is the second incident of a Sri Lankan visitor facing protest by Tamil outfits. In January, Thirukumaran Natesan, husband of Sri Lankan president Mahinda Rajapakse's sister, was slippered in Rameswaram where he was offering prayers in temples.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12190805", "title": "HC to disband seven-judge jumbo bench after a month", "text": "CHENNAI: A month after constituting a seven-judge special bench to handle a suo motu contempt proceedings against two advocates and to end the growing tendency of advocates making allegations and write to judges the Madras high court has decided to disband the bench. The suo motu contempt case will now be referred to a regular division bench, an order said on Thursday.In an extraordinary move, Chief Justice M Y Eqbal headed the seven-judge bench on February 9 and took up a suo motu proceedings against advocates T Jaishankar and S Pattabiraman, besides their client A Vimala, for having written to the chief justice that 13 named judges should not hear their case. The bench said the decision was formed in view of complaints of advocates levelling allegations and casting aspersions on judges who only discharged their judicial and administrative functions. It also asked the Registry to place all such letters received from others.However, on Thursday advocates NGR Prasad and R Vaigai told the bench that the larger bench was not necessary for the case on hand. Stressing on the need for a cordial relationship between the Bar and the Bench, they said the constitution of a larger bench had sent strong waves among advocates. The matter could be referred to a regular two-judge division bench, they said.Acceding to their submissions, the judges then said contempt of court was a matter which concerned the administration of justice and dignity and authority of courts. \"The contempt jurisdiction is essentially to keep the administration of justice pure and undefiled,\" they said, adding that it accepted the views of Prasad and Vaigai, who made their \"submissions with a great sense of responsibility.\"The matter will go before the division bench on April 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12194306", "title": "4 get police custody till March 12", "text": "PUNE: The Shirur court on Thursday sent four persons arrested for illegal cultivation of poppy in three villages of Shirur taluka to police custody till March 12.Inspector Ashok Kshirsagar of Shirur police station produced Satish Korekar and Ratan Dongre of Navregaon, Dattatraya Chavan of Wadgaon-Rasai and Rajendra Salunkhe of Inamgaon before the court.Police have seized poppy weighing 98 kg worth Rs 1 lakh from the farms of Korekar, Dongre, Chavan and Salunkhe. They were arrested under various sections of Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act after investigations revealed illegal cultivation of poppy.The prosecution submitted before the court that their interrogation was essential to conduct searches on the farms in Shirur taluka. The prosecution argued that those arrested were involved in a serious offence and pleaded for time to conduct investigations.Kshirsagar told TOI that the arrested had admitted to cultivating poppy illegally, but were not disclosing names on whose behalf they were cultivating it. The court upheld the prosecution's plea.The action was taken following a tip-off that they were cultivating opium illegally on the riverbed. Police have appealed to other villages across the district to inform them about such activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12190975", "title": "HC upholds govt plan for Pallikaranai marshland", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has upheld a Tamil Nadu government proposal to notify 320.17 hectares (790.82 acres) of Pallikaranai marshland as reserved forests and to evict unauthorized occupants from the identified area.Justice D Hariparanthaman, dismissing a batch of petitions filed by 250 individuals as well as a couple of residents welfare associations on Wednesday, pointed out that 30 years ago the Pallikaranai marsh measured more than 5,000 hectares and now a majority of marshland was lost due to occupation by locals, IT parks, roads, highways, institutions and hospitals.The petitioners claimed they had been residing for more than 30 years in the area and that as per a December 2006 government order they were entitled to claim patta for lands under their possession for 10 years. They furnished family cards, electricity connection cards and property tax receipts.M K Subramanian, special government pleader (forest), contended that the Pallikaranai marsh originally extended upto 50 sqkm and was reduced to 1/10 its original size due to development. Despite this, the marsh continued to support flora and fauna and it is still considered to be one of the largest wetlands in south India. Noting that the government wanted to acquire the lands of the petitioners and that due notifications had been issued, he said aggrieved people could make their claims before the forest settlement officer appointed for the purpose.Justice Hariparanthaman pointed out that though the marshland had not been declared a reserved forest, the first bench of the high court had already upheld the validity of the notification and held that it would constitute a reserved forest nevertheless. The bench also restrained government from proceeding with the construction of houses under the Samathuvapuram scheme.Justice Hariparanthaman said that family cards and property tax receipts would not confer any right on the petitioners. He pointed out that family cards did not contain details such as head of the family, where they were issued, etc. He said there was no material to prove they were residing in the notified lands for 30 years.Holding that they were not entitled to any relief, the judge gave them three months to approach the forest settlement officer with specific claims. Decision on the claims will be taken within two months thereafter, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12190736", "title": "Truant power supply leaves city parched", "text": "BANGALORE: Truant power supply has left several areas in the city parched. Two days of power shutdown in Cauvery water pumping station area over the last fortnight has paralysed the already crippled water supply system.\"There have been two power shutdowns in the past 15 days in Cauvery pumping station area. A day's power shutdown causes a water shortage of 350 to 400 million litres per day (MLD). We need a month to regain normalcy in the wake of such a shortage. Besides, we also have to tackle water theft and leakages,\" a BWSSB official said.Water is a perennially scarce commodity in Bangalore. The city receives 900 MLD of water. With the shortage put at 500 MLD, Bangaloreans rely heavily on 12,250 borewells. BWSSB's fleet of 42 water tankers is augmented by 131 during summer.There has been a spurt in complaints from citizens to the BWSSB regarding poor water supply in the last few days.\"Most complaints are about scarcity of water and irregular water supply. We are doing our best to distribute water equally in the entire city. The low-lying areas get good water supply, but elevated areas suffer due to their geographic condition. What can we do? We have to manage from the quantity of water available. We cannot create water,\" the officer said, virtually throwing up his hands.The 500 MLD water shortage was expected to be bridged by the Cauvery fourth phase of the second stage. The scheme to bring water to newly added areas of the BBMP, however, is behind schedule. It was expected to be completed this month, but it is certain to take at least six to eight more months. The reliance on borewells and tankers in the new BBMP is thus complete.However, there is nothing much to differentiate the newly added BBMP areas from the core areas now. The crisis created by power shutdown has ensured that thirst for water is a pan-Bangalore phenomenon.A reality check by the Times of India revealed that the situated in heart of Bangalore, as well as those on the outskirts of the city are equally starving for water this summer. Here's a lowdown on the water situation in a few city localities.KoramangalaWater supply has turned erratic in the area. In fact, several pockets have to make do without a drop of water. Irregular power supply is a major factor in disrupting the water supply, leaving the residents with no option but to depend on borewells and water tankers. Though residents admit that this is an annual problem, the onset of it even before summer has unleashed its fury, is worrying them. They said that BWSSB engineers should regularly conduct drives to check water theft and supply irregularities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12192443", "title": "Online auto service bats for e-meters", "text": "MUMBAI: With not a single electronic meter installed in new autos over the last eight days, an online autorickshaw booking service has decided to step forward and get the new meters fixed in the 400 autos that are registered with it.Rickshawale.com-a dial-an-auto service launched in June 2011-will send the first two autos to Wadala RTO for e-meter installation early next week. \"We support the meters and are convinced they are tamper-proof,\" said Hemant Jain of Rickshawale.Auto union leaders have opposed the e-meters in court, with some of them claiming that the new devices can be tampered with and hence cannot be installed as per Supreme Court guidelines.\"E-meters will help passengers see the exact fare and also the distance travelled,\" said Jain. It will also display the waiting period- time spent at signals or in jam. Passengers often pay higher fares during peak hours. However, with e-meters they can check the waiting period and calculate the extra fare.A senior RTO official welcomed the move. \"It is good that a section of drivers is coming forward.\" Drivers and owners who have approached the RTO to get mechanical meters fixed in new autos have been turned away. An RTO officer from Andheri said owners of new autos have taken loans and will have to pay the first installment soon. \"They will not be able to wait for long and will install e-meters. Any delay would mean business loss,\" he added", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12191177", "title": "Periyar hydelpower station achieves record electricity generation", "text": "MADURAI: At a time when the state is reeling under power cuts, the hydroelectric station at Lower Periyar in Theni district has given reasons to cheer.The 140 MW power station, has achieved a record power generation of 520 million units between June, 2011 and March 1, this year. \"This is the first time in the past two decades that power generation in the Periyar hydroelectric station has touched 520 million units. Last year, it was below 500 million units,\" said a senior official of Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation (TANGEDCO) in Theni.He said that after the water level in Mullaperiyar dam was brought down to 136 ft, the power generation was far below 500 million MW and even went lower than 400 million units. \"This year, abundant rainfall facilitated good water flow from the dam resulting in the power generation,\" he said.However, now, the power generation in the station has come down to 18,000 units per hour due to reduction in water release from the reservoir. Out of the four generator units in the station, just one is being operated now. \"The total capacity of the station is 1.12 lakh unit per hour when the four units are operated. One of the units was not operated in view of capacity augmentation works being carried out. Two other units were stopped during middle of February once water flow reduced,\" the officer said.He said that though it was the routine to stop operation of all the four units in the first week of March and operate them again in June due to paucity of water as well as to facilitate maintenance works, this year the government has instructed TANGEDCO to operate one of the generator units till March 20, to enable power supply for agricultural purposes.Normally, the generators would need 300 cusecs of water flow to achieve full capacity generation and when the water flow falls below 150 cusecs, power generation would be impossible. At present, water flow through the power station is 200 cusecs and he said that the flow could be sustained till March 20 as the storage in Mullaperiyar dam is around 11 feet.\"Next year, power generation would be even more as one of the units is being augmented,\" the TANGEDCO officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12192205", "title": "Ordinance on illegal institutes gets cabinet nod", "text": "MUMBAI: The state cabinet on Wednesday approved an ordinance to prevent setting up of unauthorized educational institutions.It also approved another ordinance to permit entities (individuals, organizations and trusts) to open private schools on self-financing basis.The government now plans to introduce these as bills in the upcoming session of the legislature.The first ordinance proposes to make it mandatory for all higher and technical education institutions (medical, agricultural, animal husbandry, dairy and engineering colleges) to make public disclosures of all courses. Permission from a specially designated authority will be a pre-requisite for the courses.It proposes a year's imprisonment and fine of up to Rs 5 lakh for promoters of unrecognized institutes. Action has also been proposed against the firms that carry claims made by unrecognized institutions.The second ordinance lays down norms for infrastructure and quality for setting up private schools without government grants. The state government hopes this will bring in more investment and improve competition in the education sector.The entry of private players will ensure that public universities get their act together. \"Public varsities will have intense competition,\" said Snehlata Deshmukh, educationist and former vice-chancellor of Mumbai University.\"Since private colleges are doing better than government institutes, it will be the same for universities. Students, who can afford quality education, will have more options,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12192433", "title": "Women give monorail its colours", "text": "MUMBAI: The monorail, set to be inaugurated later this year, will add a splash of colour to the city's otherwise drab landscape with their brightly painted cabins. And Mumbai has to two women to thank for all this colour -additional commissioner of MMRDA Ashwini Bhide and K Vijaylaxmi, deputy chief of the transport planning department.Talking to TOI, Bhide said, \"We decided to put in place something which reflects the spirit of Mumbai, the different communities and the fact that this is the country's commercial capital. We chose hues like fluorescent green, sky blue and pink. The colours represent a certain youthfulness that is representative of the monorail, which is new to this country.''Officials of the MMRDA, which financed the project, said the National Institute of Design in Ahmedabad was roped in to devise the colour scheme. The NID put their experts on the job and came out with a series of colour schemes which were painstakingly put together and discussed over a period of several months.Bhide said they discussed the issue at length with the designers. They also discussed the regular steel colour which most monorails and metros sport across the globe. Finally, two designs were finalized the steel colours made way for something more colourful. \"We had to take a decision on whether to be plain or colourful and we decided on the latter,'' the additional commissioner said.Bhide further said that they are aware of the fact that many Indians chew paan and spit it out, staining the suburban trains cabins. \"We are sure that the people who take the monorail will not spit out and discolour the bright colours.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12192362", "title": "Central Railway to use \u2018hot air\u2019 to fight rats on long-distance trains", "text": "MUMBAI: Long-distance commuters can look forward to a pleasant journey as Central Railway has decided to upgrade passenger amenities on trains that come for maintenance at Wadi Bunder.CR general manager Subodh Jain told TOI, \"We want to upgrade the standard of cleanliness and maintenance of coaches. The Wadi Bunder yard staff has been entrusted with transforming passenger amenities in the Vidharba Express, a premier train. A similar exercise will be carried out on the Punjab Mail.\"The maintenance of trains is being carried out at the Lokmanya Tilak Terminus, Wadi Bunder and Mazgaon. But Wadi Bunder has been selected it has facilities like a mechanized laundry and better pit line.Stickers will be pasted inside coaches to inform commuters that the maintenance is being carried out at the Wadi Bunder yard. Jain said, \"We aim to build a Wadi Bunder brandname by upgrading passenger amenities.\"Among measures that will be taken is the disinfection of AC coaches with hot air technology that will deal with rodents and cockroaches. Disposable commode covers for western-type toilets, and polygrass mattress in the toilet area and aisle of AC coaches will be provided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12191630", "title": "1.60L gold stolen from woman in Margao", "text": "MARGAO: Gold items worth 1.60 lakh were stolen from a 58-year-old woman near the railway flyover in Margao on Thursday morning.According to the Margao police, who registered a case against unknown persons, Jonita Fernandes from Panzorconi, Cuncolim, was on her way to Margao when four men sitting on two bikes and posing as police officials accosted her near the railway flyover in Margao.They presented themselves as policemen and said that as the crime rate had increased it was not safe for women to wear gold items in public.Police sources added that according to the complaint, the four accused asked Fernandes to deposit all the gold items on her so that they could keep it in safe custody. But, once they got the gold they allegedly fled from the spot.Fernandes, who had come to Margao to do some shopping, in her complaint stated that she handed over her gold chain and two bangles to the four accused. Police stated that they were carrying out further investigations into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12195566", "title": "Mumbai Holi colour poisoning kills boy, lands over 200 in hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: Holi revelry took on a nightmarish hue in parts of the city on Thursday as \"colour poisoning\" caused the death of a child and led to the hospitalization of scores of others.About 195 people were admitted to Sion Hospital and another 12 to Rajawadi Hospital, beginning in the afternoon, after they complained of giddiness, burning sensation on skin, nausea and vomiting. A 13-year-old, Vicky Valmiki, who was taken to Rajawadi with similar symptoms died at 11pm.The hotbeds of the colour poisoning, the police said, were areas like Shastri Nagar, Shahu Nagar and Lokmanya Tilak Nagar in Dharavi, where panic spread fast as news travelled of children fainting. Between 1pm and 2pm, over 100 patients were rushed to Sion Hospital, many in police vans.Over the day, Sion Hospital admitted about 195 patients, 91 of them children, hospital dean Dr Sandhya Kamath said. Three of the patients-Renuka Maitre (3), Venkatesh Patnam (12) and Omkar Pode (9)-were admitted to the paediatric intensive care unit after the oxygen levels in their blood dipped significantly.Till late evening, there was little clarity on the source of the toxic colours or the precise nature of the poisonous substance. The state government has set up a high-level probe into the episode.The police suspected the toxic substance may have come from a Dharavi dumping ground where harmful effluents are thrown by the area's leather tanners.The Dharavi police registered an FIR against unknown persons for causing harm by dangerous means, voluntarily causing hurt and mischief under sections 337, 338, 324, 325 and 425 of the Indian Penal Code. \"There is a major leather tanning industry in Dharavi,\" said assistant commissioner of police Prabhakar Satam. \"It is possible that some children mistook leftover tanning dye for Holi colours and traded in it.\"Health minister Suresh Shetty asked a team from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to collect samples and investigate the incident. A little later, the police asked officials from the forensic science laboratory to collect colour samples.Most patients said they experienced the symptoms a few hours after playing with the colours, while some said they started feeling uneasy after coming in contact with water.Nitin Tak (12), who was admitted to Sion Hospital's ward 3, only remembered having \"taken gulal\" from his friends. \"I started playing holi at around 8am. After two-three hours, I came home, took a shower and went off to sleep,\" he said. Tak's mother Huli said he woke up in a daze, feeling giddy and unable to walk. He was rushed to the hospital.At Rajawadi Hospital in Ghatkopar, 12 patients, including two children, were admitted for colour poisoning. Residents of the Railway Colony in Kurla, they showed symptoms similar to those exhibited by Dharavi patients. The hospital, early on, said that two patients were critical and admitted in MICU. Around 11pm, one 13-year-old patient, Vicky Valmiki, died. \"The patients came with symptoms like nausea, giddiness, headache and were immediately admitted,\" said a doctor from the hospital.The director of major hospitals and dean of KEM Hospital, Dr Sanjay Oak, said it was suspected that a chemical compound like Benzene (commonly used in paint and dye industry) caused the poisoning. \"But we will know for sure only after the tests. At least the symptoms of patients are hinting towards that.\" Oak added that all patients will be discharged after 24 hours. \"The antidote has been given. Now, oxygen administration and monitoring is being done.\" Oak explained that colour poisoning occurs as toxic chemical get absorbed through the skin and deprive the body of oxygen. Most patients were given the methylene blue injection that helps haemoglobin carry oxygen better. Though Sion Hospital initially ran out of stock, it managed to restore the supply by making immediate purchases.The state government has set up a five-member committee to probe the Dharavi episode, said additional chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia. The panel will be headed by medical education secretary I S Chahal and will include state pollution control board member secretary Milind Mhaiskar, additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar, FDA commissioner Mahesh Zagade, a joint commissioner of police, the director of industrial safety, and the director of health department. The committee will submit its report in two weeks. \"We will ensure that such incidents do not get repeated in the future,\" Banthia said.(With inputs from S Ahmed Ali )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195513", "title": "Mahie Gill joins the Salman Khan's camp", "text": "Everyone wants the limelight that comes with starring opposite a Khan. And when it's Salman Khan you're talking about, it's nothing short of a bonus.So what if you've won acclaims through different genres of cinema? The 'Khan effect' does wonders. Case in point being Mahie Gill . After acclaims and accolades for her role of a dacoit's wife in Paan Singh Tomar, Mahie's planning to end the year with a big bang, and she has Salman for company. zoOm recently caught up with the sultry beauty and she let us in on a li'l secret.\"I've told the producers that I'll do a couple of scenes in Dabangg 2, so a very special role is being written for me. The original was a special film and I'm looking forward to my small role in the sequel.\" Well Mahie, from dacoit to Dabangg 2... that's quite a 'steal'!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12190920", "title": "Pallonji set to quit after six decades", "text": "MUMBAI: Reclusive billionaire Pallonji Mistry has relinquished board seats in some of his companies as a precursor to possible change of guard in the 147-year-old Shapoorji Pallonji Group, regarded as one of the most valued private enterprises in India.Pallonji, who has been at the helm of the group for decades, has, in recent weeks, left the boards of Forbes &amp; Company and Afcons Infrastructure as old age and health worries catch up with the 82-year-old construction magnate. And it's only a matter of time before he steps down as chairman of the flagship Shapoorji Pallonji &amp; Company, putting his eldest son Shapoor Mistry in charge.The 48-year-old Shapoor will be the fourth generation to head the group whose origins can be traced to Littlewood Pallonji &amp; Co, started in partnership with an Englishman, Littlewood.With age catching up, Pallonji has been slowly giving up positions at various group companies, said multiple sources at S P Centre, the group's headquarters in South Mumbai. He has also been spending less time-about four hours, often having a quiet lunch with Shapoor-in office, they added. Sometime ago, the industrialist stepped down as chairman of United Motors (India).Pallonji, also an Irish national, joined the family's construction business at the age of 18 and was instrumental in transforming it into a global construction powerhouse with over 23,000 employees and revenues of over $2.5 billion. \"It is under his chairmanship that SP&Co; went international when we secured the contract to construct the palace for Oman's Sultan Qaboos in April 1971. We were the first Indian contracting company to undertake projects in the Middle East. It wouldn't mean much today, but those days that was an achievement,\" said a senior SP executive. From construction and real estate, Pallonji diversified the group into textiles, shipping and consumer durables through buyouts.It has been quite a while since he stepped away from daily management of the group and has been only involved in important strategy decisions. When TOI recently put in a request for an interview, Pallonji said, \"I do not actively participate in the operations of the business which are being now managed by my sons.\"The burden of expectation on Shapoor will be enormous when he steps into the shoes of his legendary father. Not only will he have to manage the empire but will also be expected to take it to another level. But it's not as if Shapoor is new to the business. He joined the group as director in 1988 and was initially involved in the real estate business, which developed the tallest premium residential property in the country, The Imperial Tower.Pallonji spurns ostentation in the colourful, noisy world of business tycoons. Friends and employees describe him as down-to-earth, courteous and jovial. \"There are some people who extend beyond themselves, but Pallonji came across to have a world in his own. He was a strong and silent kind of personality,\" said an old timer at ACC, where Pallonji was its longest serving director for 50 years, including over four years as chairman.\"He had a traditional leadership style, never the one to seek publicity,\" said the person, who had worked with Pallonji's brother-in-law BN Reporter, the then joint MD of the cement major.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12190620", "title": "Porngate: Savadi lets Palemar off the hook", "text": "BANGALORE: For the first time, three former ministers - Laxman V Savadi, CC Patil and J Krishna Palemar -- on Thursday deposed before the legislature's House committee probing Porngate.Savadi was reportedly grilled for more than 30 minutes, after video footage of him watching sleazy clips in the legislative assembly in February were viewed. He is said to have admitted watching the clips, but \"not intentionally\". He told the panel: \"My intention was to watch the torture of humans in Afghanistan . The porn clip happened to be along with it.\" He also apologized for this.Savadi is believed to have said he wrongly mentioned Palemar's name and the mobile phone on which the clips were stored did not belong to the latter. Patil, who was the first to be quizzed by the committee headed by Shrishailappa Bidarur, reportedly said he did in fact took a look at the clips, but at that point of there was no sleazy pictures. \"I have no role in this episode. I told Savadi to switch off the phone,\" Patil later told reporters. Sources in the committee said that Patil defended saying he could not see anything as he was not wearing glass which is a must for him to read or see things.After the deposition, Palemar said he was hurt by the incident. During questioning, Palemar reportedly said the mobile phone didn't belong to him. \"Normally, I don't bring handsets to the assembly. By chance, I brought my mobile that day, but it was switched off,\" he reportedly said..When the members asked what Congress MLA UT Khader was showing on his mobile, Palemar is said to said they were photographs of his house and the condition of roads of his constituency in Dakshina Kannada.Television footage showed Savadi watching the porn clips and Patil, sitting next to him, also taking a look, on a mobile phone last month. The three had to quit the next day following public outrage. The speaker constituted a seven-member House panel, comprising four BJP members, two Congress and one from JD(S), to probe the episode. The two opposition parties boycotted the committee, reducing it to a ruling-party panel.The panel is exploring legal options on summoning more MLAs who allegedly watched the clips in the legislative assembly. Panel member Nehru Olekar created a flutter on March 4 when he said 8-10 other MLAs from all parties had also seen the porn clips.Asked whether notices would be issued to those MLAs to appear before the panel, Bidarur said legal options would be explored. \"Only if the law permits it, we'll think of summoning them,'' he added.Bidarur said, \"The next meeting of the panel is on March 15.\" On Friday, he'll meet speaker KG Bopaiah who had originally asked the committee to submit the report by March 13. The panel has met thrice and two Kannada news channels have been grilled for airing the footage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195652", "title": "Vehicle plays the lead role in Mollywood", "text": "Cast a vehicle as one of the lead characters in your film and you might just manage to have a hit formula on hand.Take for example vehicle-driven stories like Mohanlal's Aye Auto and Dileep's Ee Parakkum Thalika that ran to packed houses. Now, treading the same path is C S Sudesh's Houseful, in which a scooter plays the pivotal character.\"It's a satire that tells the story of a nuclear family that dreams of upgrading from a scooter to a car, and the problems they face in the process,\" says the director, adding that it is the twowheeler that drives the story.The entertainer, scripted by Arun Lal, has actor Baburaj playing the lead role with his Salt 'N Pepper co-star Shweta Menon , and will commence shooting from May 10 in Trivandrum. Though it could be the first time that a scooter is the central character in a Malayalam film, there have been a number of vehicle-driven films that have worked wonders at the box office. The rickshaw cart in 1965 Sathyan-film, Odayil Ninnu, the train in the Mammootty-Mohanlal blockbuster, No. 20 Madras Mail, Jayaram's The Car - which toyed around the thread of mistaken identity of an automobile, and Mohanlal's Aye Auto which told the tale of autorickshaw drivers; are just a few.Lorries and buses too have been central characters. For instance, the rickety bus in Dileep's comedy caper Ee Pa ra k k u m Thallika provided the perfect setting for the movie. The bus named Gulf Motors in Mohanlal 's Varavelppu and the Chekuthan lorry in Spadh-ikam were also important characters of the films they were featured in.Judging by the BO figures of such movies, it's no secret that a vehicle-driven plots fuel commercial success.Stars on the trackAye Auto - Autorickshaw Ee Parakkum Thalika - Bus Odayil Ninnu - Rickshaw cart No. 20 Madras Mail - Train Varavelppu - Bus Spadhikam - Lorry Champakulam Thachan - Snake boat Thachiledathey Chundan - Snake boat Ordinary - Bus Bus conductor - Bus", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12194585", "title": "Salman Khan takes over Kamalistan", "text": "For the first time in Bollywood, a studio is booked exclusively for a film, with an unprecedented security ring of 80 beefy bodyguardsIt is undoubtedly one of the most keenly awaited Salman Khan films. And Dabangg 2 is kick starting in style from today. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that for the first time in the history of Bollywood, an entire studio has been rented exclusively for a film. Kamal Amrohi Studios (Kamalistan at Jogeshwari East), which houses 12 units, will not be given out on hire till the first schedule of Dabangg 2 concludes, making it a first in the 55-year-old studio's history. What's more, Salman has deputed 80 security personnel to guard the sets, which have recreated pockets of Kanpur.When contacted, Shera, Salman's bodyguard and close associate confirmed the news and added, \"Yes, Bhai (Salman) wanted it this way.\" Elaborating on the unprecedented security cover, Shera said, \"This was Bhai's idea. And we did not have any difficulty in convincing the studios. Bhai is close to the owner after all.\"Speaking about the arrangement, a source from the studios revealed that the studios have been rented out for 15 days, even though the requirement was for 12. \"It is always better to keep a margin of few days for a project as massive as this.\"\"Aisa pehle kabhi nahin hua. Even though Rakesh Roshan's Koyla and Subhash Ghai's Khalnayak had top security, the other units at our studios were given out to television shows. But now, 11 units will be lying idle. Imagine! But of course, the makers of Dabangg 2 have well compensated Kamal Amrohi Studios,\" revealed the source.Head honcho of Kamal Amrohi Studios, Tajdar Amrohi, told Mumbai Mirror, \"This arrangement is exclusive to Salman. Till date, we haven't extended such previlages to anybody. We are very close to him and his family. But please don't ask me about the rates. We don't discuss that on public platforms.\"Meanwhile...Director of Dabangg 2 Arbaaz Khan threw a party for some members of the cast and crew of the film. It was a very private affair, which was also attended by some close friends and relatives of the Khan family. Every guest was well looked after; Salman played the perfect host. The party was held at a nightspot in Bandra on Tuesday - MST", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12201701", "title": "Shehla murder: Four accused, MLA to undergo lie-detector test", "text": "BHOPAL: In an important development, a team of central forensic science laboratory (CFSL) from Delhi is likely to reach Bhopal on Saturday to carry out polygraph-- lie detector-- test on the four accused and a BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh, whose role in the sensational RTI activist Shehla Masood murder case is being probed.\"Our team is coming down to the state capital on Saturday and is likely to carry out the polygraph test on the prime accused Zaheeda Pervez, her close friend Saba Faruqui, her local help Saqib Ali also known as Danger and sharp-shooter of Kanpur, Irfan, \" a top Central Bureau of Investigation official said.He said the exercise is likely to be completed in two days, he said. BJP MLA is also expected to undergo lie-detector test, CBI sources saidMeanwhile, the CBI continued to grill all four accused in a room. Investigators confronted the accused in the country's premier agency custody with a volley of questions pertaining to the killing.They reportedly spilled some vital information in connection with the killing, sources said.\"We won't disclose any information regarding the grilling, \"officials said adding that it would affect investigations underway.About reports that a name of a member of parliament too has figured during quizzing, an official categorically denied it.According to investigations underway, Zaheeda with the help of Danger hired Irfan and Shanu Alunga both from Kanpur to eliminate Shehla, who was shot dead downstairs in the driver's seat of her car minutes after she left her place at the City's Koh-e-Fiza area on August 16 last year.Shanu had been shoot dead in a gangwar (unrelated to Shehla murder) last year at Kanpur in Uttar Pradesh (UP).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "12194736", "title": "Australia, India to jointly develop new strains of bananas", "text": "MELBOURNE: Australia's Queensland University of Technology has inked an agreement with India's Department of Biotechnology for developing new strains of bananas that will help counter iron-deficiency anaemia in India.The agreement, signed by QUT Vice-Chancellor Peter Coaldrake and Renu Swarup of the DoB yesterday, will see the Indian government investing during a four year period to create banana strains rich in iron, a statement said today.\"This is the first such project in agriculture that India has undertaken with another country. It means a lot to us,\" Swarup said.\"Iron-deficiency is a problem for all developing countries, associated with low nutrition, not just vegetarianism,\" she said.Director of the Centre for Tropical Crops and Biocommodities at QUT, James Dale, will head the project, along with Rakesh Tuli, who is the scientific program coordinator for India.Dale said that iron-deficiency anaemia was common in India because the majority of its population was vegetarian and struggled to get sufficient intake in their normal diet.\"Iron-deficiency anaemia is a major problem for pregnant mothers, especially during child birth, and is one of the major causes of maternal death during child birth.\"Developing bananas, an important dietary component in India, to be iron-rich could really have a big impact on solving the problem of iron-deficiency anaemia,\" he said.As part of the project, QUT scientists will develop Australian bananas to be rich in iron and then transfer the technology to India, he said.\"After the initial four-year development phase, it could take just another four to five years to prepare the bananas for release to Indian farmers,\" he said.QUT was approached by the country after seeing their work in enhancing nutrients found in bananas for Uganda, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12194933", "title": "Shruti Haasan is upset", "text": "After parting ways with Siddharth, Shruti Haasan has moved on and is now seeing a gora from London .A close friend reveals that the breakup with Sid wasn't amicable and the two haven't been on talking terms since. It seems the Rang De Basanti actor went about bad-mouthing Shruti after their separation.A source reveals, \"Shruti isn't the sort to mope and mourn. She has her music and movies to concentrate on. After the breakup, she immersed herself in work and didn't let what people were saying, affect her. But she was upset when she heard that it was Sid saying things about her.\" Well, there's no better revenge than success!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12201764", "title": "Sibling bonhomie marks Bhaiyya Dooj", "text": "KANPUR: Bhaiyya Dooj was celebrated after 'Holi pareva' on Friday. As part of the tradition, sisters apply 'tilak' (vermilion) on the forehead of brothers and performed 'aarti'.\"My brother went to US for training in February. Though I put 'Tilak' on his forehead before he was leaving but I was surprized when he asked me to come to an internet cafe and suggested a way to use web-camera,\" informed Reenu, a student. \"He told me that most of his colleagues from India use similar way to be in touch with family members,\" she addedVaishali, who was celebrating her first Bhaiyya Dooj after her marriage said that she was initially sad as her sister-in-law was coming to her place for the festival and that was the reason her husband refused to take her to her brother's home for celebrations. \"But I was surprised when I saw Bhaiya and bhabhi at my place without any information,\" she added.For Simple, a teenager, the festival is a day full of masti as her elder brother gifted her a laptop. \"I told my brother that I wished to have a laptop. It was a double celebration for me as it became a family get-together after a long time and I got my wish fulfilled,\" she exclaimed.It was an emotional moment for sisters who waited outside the district jail to get a glimpse of their brothers in jail. \"My brother has been staying away from the family from past one year. I have been standing in the queue since morning to meet him and apply 'tilak',\" said Sushma.Ganga (73), who was celebrating Bhaiyya Dooj after three years as her brother was abroad, said that the 'tilak' symbolizes firmness, honour, respect and faith of a sister. \"Through Bhaiyya Dooj tilak, the sister wishes for health and longevity of her brother. The unbroken rice grains added to tilak represent steadfastness and equanimity and are also a symbol of peace,\" she added.Manoj Chaturvedi, a mythological expert said, \"Yamraj, the God of death, went to visit his sister's house. His sister, Yami welcomed him by putting an auspicious mark on his forehead for his welfare. He was pleased and proclaimed that every year, on the Dooj day, if a sister puts a tilak on her brother's forehead, then no one can harm her brother.\"Narrating another legend, Chaturvedi said that after killing Narakasur, Lord Krishna went to meet his sister Subhadra. She welcomed him by performing an 'aarti' and putting a 'tilak' on his forehead.Bhaiyya Dooj comes twice a year one after Holi and another after Diwali. 'Dooj' or 'Duj' denotes that the festival falls on second day after full moon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12196142", "title": "Music isn\u2019t what I do, it\u2019s just who I am: David Guetta", "text": "...says Grammy winning DJ David Guetta in an exclusive chatThis is the first time you will be performing in the country. What can the Indian audiences expect from you? Do you have any specific set in mind? I get a little nervous when I play to people for the first time. Of course, I will play my hits but mixed with the more underground beats I love as a DJ. I read the people so it is my mission to make them go crazy. What I will play will depend on the connection we make together.You've got a massive fan following in the country... I've wanted to play in India for the longest time, but it was just not possible with my recording and touring commitments. I have heard that my records have reached your shores before me though! I've always wanted to visit the country and so it's great that I'll also be able to perform live on my first visit. I'm really looking forward to bringing my music and festival set to a new audience.Are there any Indian artists you would like to collaborate with? To be honest, not so much yet, but I'm hoping to be able to listen to a lot more music from India when I get there.Dance music is always evolving. Does the pressure get on to you? I have always loved music. Being able to do it every day as a profession is such a blessing and I consider myself very lucky. I started young by DJing in clubs and I've always been part of dance music. So to be doing what I'm doing now is a dream comes true for me. Music isn't what I \"do\". It's just who I am.Are there any inspirations? Has anyone's work influenced you? My roots are firmly in dance music, but artists such as Kings of Leon and Coldplay also influence me. As do fresh producers like Nicky Romero, Afrojack, Skrillex and Avicii -- they are quite talented. I also look up to people who are passionate about what they do. I also really take inspiration from the clubs -- how the people react to a beat, how they dance among others.Which has been your most memorable performance? Any crazy fan incident... One performance that I will never forget was the Brazil carnival where I played in front of two million people. It feels incredible because of the energy you receive from the audiences. But it's not only about playing to the biggest crowds possible. I like to play at stadiums too. But equally to balance the big shows is performing with more intimate club gigs, where I can play more new sounds and see the whites of people's eyes. I love that intimacy and connection.You've been one of the pioneers in bringing dance music to American mainstream radio. Tell us about your initial years... I have always been obsessed with music. When I was 12, there was l 'pirate radio' -- it was the beginning of FM radio in France. At the time it was like club DJs who'd come in and mix music. It was the 80s and it was funk. There was no 'directors of programs', it was just DJs playing what they liked and I went crazy for this. I had no one in my family who was a DJ or working in a club, and of course since it was 'pirate radio', there was something forbidden, which was exciting to a teenager. You could almost compare the community that was interested in pirate radio to what the internet is today. I wanted to be able to mix like those guys. So I started to train everyday after school and when I was 18, I discovered house music. It was the very beginning and I was one of the first DJs in France to play this kind of music. I went to London and saw Danny Rampling centre stage at Shoom and this changed my life.House music was a revolution in the music scene and socially too it opened lots of people's minds. It was born in gay clubs, so it was about accepting each other. And when the straight community accepted house music, all of a sudden, it was seeing music in a very different way. As we started to have a real community that was thousands of young people that were meeting to go to raves and clubs and this music wasn't being played on radio back then. It was like a secret code.Where does dance music stand in the global sphere? What do you think will be the next big thing? My mission was always to create a bigger platform for electronic music. I am one of the producers who represent this, my personal goal was for EDM to be as big and respected as hip-hop or rock and we have come a long way in the last few years.What are your future plans? I'm working on several projects currently. I am always creating. I play 'Ibiza' every week during the summer and am constantly touring. I make music as I travel. Every day is a new beginning for me.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12194550", "title": "Rickshaw unions demand 100% subsidy on electronic meters", "text": "PUNE: The autorickshaw unions in the city continue to oppose the state government diktat to install electronic meters and demanded that the state government grant 100% subsidy for meter replacement.Two unions - the Maharashtra Rickshaw Sena and the Pune City Autorickshaw Federation - said it was the state government's responsibility to replace the existing mechanical meters with electronic meters. The government should also announce 100% subsidy for installation of electronic meters. Rickshaw Panchayat, the major autorickshaw union in the city, has demanded that the regional transport office (RTO) put a stay on the installation of electronic meters till the school examinations get over.As per the state government directives, from March 1, it is mandatory for all new autorickshaws to have electronic meters before they approach the RTO for registration. Old autorickshaws have been asked to install electronic meters before they go for annual passing at RTO. Checking of the meters will begin from May 1. There are around 50,000 autorickshaws in the city that have been asked to install electronic meters by May 1.Nana Kshirsagar of the Maharashtra Rickshaw Sena said, \"So far, only seven new autorickshaws have approached the RTO for registration. Autorickshaw drivers are not happy about the government orders as they were not taken into confidence. Electronic meters can also be unreliable and can be tampered with\".Kshirsagar also said steps were being taken by his federation to file a petition in the high court challenging the compulsory installation of electronic meters.Baba Shinde of Pune City Autorickshaw Federation said the government cannot make it mandatory for autorickshaws to switch to electronic meters when many issues have been left unanswered. There is no arrangement for servicing and repairing of electronic meters. The government should provide required infrastructure and then ask autorickshaw drivers to install electronic meters. Besides this, the meters are difficult to maintain and there are complaints with the battery required for the meter, he said.\"The autorickshaw drivers will be forced to wait for three to four days for repairs and servicing of electronic meters, in the absence of required facilities in the city\", said Shinde.\"We are opposed to the compulsory installation of electronic meters. Our fight will be intensified further after the school examinations are over\", said Nitin Pawar of the Rickshaw Panchayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12194625", "title": "Aisha was not my film: Rajshree Ojha", "text": "Director says the film wasn't the one she conceptualised, is back with Chaurahen based on four stories by Nirmal VarmaRajshree Ojha, who directed Anil and Sonam Kapoor's vanity project Aisha, is now saying the film that hit the theatres wasn't hers.Exactly what does she mean? Half afraid to talk, Rajshree, who is ready with her new film Chaurahen, remarks, \"Should I be politically correct and say since my name was on the credits of Aisha, it was my film? Or should I tell you that the film that I had conceptualised was not the one the audience saw.\" Taking a deep breath, she continues, \"I had no control over the final cut.\" Does that mean producer Anil Kapoor gave final shape to the film?Nevertheless Ojha is bouncing back with Chaurahen, a film about human relationships based on four short stories by eminent Hindi litterateur Nirmal Varma. She shares an interesting anecdote, \"I had no money, no contacts. Only my diploma film Badger based on a short story by Jug Suraiya. I think Nirmalji liked it.He asked me to take any story I liked but when I told him I wanted four, not one, he was surprised. I had to explain to him that I wanted to mesh them together to show complex human relationships.\" The story she is really gung-ho about is the one about a 60-plus Bengali man played by Victor Bannerjee and his irresistible attraction for a foreigner played by Kiera Chaplin, Charlie Chaplin's grand-daughter.Rajshree has fond memories of her association with Kiera. \"I shot with Kiera in New Market in Kolkata where there's a movie theatre named after her grandfather. I took her to see it. She shot in some of the most crowded localities in Kolkata without any luxuries. We had no money to pay her. We didn't even have a van. She used to sit out in the sun in the streets without a care in the world unlike some of our stars...\" One wonders which of our stars she is referring to...All said, Rajshree seems to have learnt her lesson. \"When we decided to do an adaptation of Jane Austen's Emma, there were many layers to the character. However, I don't know where those layers vanished. So while doing Chaurahen, I was very clear that there would be no compromise this time around. I've made Chaurahen exactly the way I wanted to. While I had no money this time, I sure had the freedom to do what I wanted,\" she says emphatically.Apparently Kiera wants to see Rajshree's adaptation of Emma. However Rajshree is in no mood to oblige... \"Forget Kiera, even Jane Austen wouldn't recognise my Aisha to be her Emma,\" she quips.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12202186", "title": "Couple sets youth on fire in Anand", "text": "VADODARA: Petlad rural police in Anand district registered a complaint of attempt to murder against a couple of Boria village. The couple allegedly poured kerosene and set a 20-year-old youth on fire after they entered into heated arguments with him over a petty issue.The youth and the couple had heated arguments over an open drainage channel running in their neighbourhood near Agas railway station on Thursday noon. The youth's father, who tried to save his son, also received burns. The duo have been admitted to Karamsad Medical Hospital, where the youth's condition is said to be critical.The couple -- Manu Gohil and Madhu Gohil -- poured kerosene over one Salim Mahida, who belongs to Molesalam Garasia community. After the couple allegedly set Salim on fire, Salim's father Mafat Mahida reached the spot and tried to save his son. While Salim has received severe burn injuries, his father's condition is said to be normal.Police have registered an offence under Section 307 of Indian Penal Code against the couple. The accused are on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12201960", "title": "Two injured in Badarpur dacoity", "text": "SILCHAR: Badarpur area, in the district of Karimganj, witnessed a dreaded dacoity early on Friday.At 1.30 am on Friday, a group of seven dacoits, aged 20-25 and armed with guns and sharp weapons, entered the house of Mahamud Ali (48), a trader at Dakshin Kandigram village in Badarpur block. The dacoits entered the house of Ali, near NH-44, by breaking the main door. As soon as Ali woke up, the decoits struck on his head with a sharp weapon. The miscreants then manhandled 10-year-old Sahana Sultatana, Ali's daughter, when she cried for help as Ali lay in a pool of blood. The dacoits tied down Nurul, Ali's son, when he came to the rescue of his father.They then compelled Mahamud's wife Luthfa Khanom to hand over all ornaments and cash to them at gun-point. They took away ornaments to the tune of nearly Rs 2 lakh and cash worth Rs 10,000, according to the FIR. The dacoits escaped when Ali's family members raised alarm and neighbours started rushing in.Ali, a betel-nut trader, was at first admitted to Srigauri government hospital. However, doctors sent him to Silchar Medical Collage and Hospital as his condition was critical. Sahana was released after preliminary treatment. Police rushed to the spot from Badarpur, along with sniffer dogs and started the hunt to nab the miscreants. However, there was no arrest till Friday evening. The victims said the dacoits were were talking in local Bengali dialect. The incident triggered fresh sense of fear among the residents of Badarpur-Bhanga areas, where the law and order situation has collapsed, allegedly due to the lacklustre attitude of the police over the past few months.Recently, Ahrar Ahmed , a college student of Bhanga; Pokhraj Jain, a trader of Badarpur and Aftab Uddin Khan, a driver of Bhanga; were kidnapped and killed in separate incidents triggering large-scale resentment among people. An irate mob torched nearly 100 houses belonging to the alleged miscreants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "agra", "code": "12191701", "title": "BSP worker lynched", "text": "AGRA: Unidentified persons on Friday lynched a BSP worker and former village head over an old dispute in Parbatipur here, police said.\"A few people barged into the house of BSP worker and former village chief, Munnalal (46), and beat him to death over an old dispute,\" said SHO (Bah) Naval Kishore.However, BSP workers and the kin of the deceased have alleged that SP workers threatened Munnalal to kill him if he did not vote for the party in the Uttar Pradesh Assembly polls, the results of which were announced on March 6, they said.As of now, no FIR has been registered in the case, police said, adding the body has been sent for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195037", "title": "Jean-Claude Biguine spa\u2019s new look launch", "text": "This sure was one hair-raising do. Jean-Claude Biguine spa's new look was launched with the city's swish set in attendance at an evening of tres mode hairstyles and beauty.Models Parto, Viraja, Nina, Priya, Apoorva, Lavanya, Jackie, Priyanka and several others flaunted over 25 different looks that were put together by a team of stylists from Jean-Claude Biguine. The hairdos were not just about styling, but also gave an insight into the colours one can choose for their tresses and the looks that suit various outfits.Talking about the show, Dharmendra Manwani, CEO, Jean-Claude Biguine, India said, \"We are very pleased to offer our Bangalore patrons a location where they can experience our services in more comfortable surroundings. We hope to bring in more global and high-quality services that will delight our patrons in the city.\"BT spotted Ashish Nair, Varuni Mohan, Beena Patre, Amrita Gokhani and Kapila Sengupta, among others, chilling out at this do. We also saw fashion experts from the city like Sarita Mandoth, Ritu Pande and Yasin Shariff chatting about the various trends in vogue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12201380", "title": "Scientist seer leaves water for 'aviral' Ganga", "text": "VARANASI: Following a holy bath in the Ganga, noted environmentalist GD Agrawal, who is presently known as Swami Gyanswaroop Anand after embracing sanyas, left water on Friday in his last phase of fast unto death for the 'aviral-nirmal' (uninterrupted-clean) flow of the Ganga.The scientist seer began his austerity for the Ganga on January 14, the auspicious day of Makar Sankranti. He left taking food on February 9 and went on a hunger strike at Matri Sadan Ashram, Haridwar. As per the pre-scheduled programme, he arrived in Varanasi on Friday to begin his final phase of 'tapasya' without taking water at Sri Vidya Mutt, Kedar Ghat.\"It is not an agitation but a 'tapasya' (austerity) for the Ganga. And this tapasya will continue even if Swami Gyanswaroop looses his life. After him other committed persons will continue the practice,\" said Swami Avimukteshwaranad Saraswati, the disciple and representative of Shankaracharya Swami Swaroopanand Saraswati, and convener of Ganga Sewa Abhiyan. It would continue until the pride of the Ganga was restored, he said.It is not the first time that Agrawal has gone on a fast-unto-death stir for the Ganga. For the first time, he had gone on hunger strike for 18 days in 2008. He had ended his fast on June 30, 2008 after the Uttarakhand government promised in writing to suspend work on the Bhairon Ghati (380 MW) and Pala-Maneri (480 MW) hydropower projects (HPPs) on the Bhagirathi river, and the Central government had given a written commitment to ensure free flow of the river. Later, he sat on hunger strike on January 14, 2009. He broke this fast on the 38th day when the central government gave a written commitment to suspend all work on the Loharinag-Pala HPP.Agrawal had also came to Varanasi to begin his fast-unto-death stir on the banks of the Ganga from August 5, 2009 for restoration of original flow of the river. But he had to postpone his fast on the request of local citizens. Later, he in his 79th year embraced sanyas at Sri Vidya Math here in July 2011, and after deeksha he became Swami Gyanswaroop Anand.He was not satisfied with the state of affairs of the National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA), an empowered planning, financing monitoring and coordinating authority for the Ganga under the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986. The Mission Clean Ganga-2020 would meet the same fate of Ganga Action Plan (launched in 1986) that failed to achieve the goal despite the investment of crores of rupees.Agrawal is a qualified civil engineer, who worked for seven years in irrigation department in UP on designs and construction of dams and hydroelectric project. He did PhD in environmental engineering from University of California (Berkeley), taught environment engineering at IIT-Kanpur (where he was professor and head of civil engineering department) for 17 years, and was the member secretary of the Central Pollution Control Board from 1981 to 1983.To him the Ganga is not an ordinary river to be exploited for mundane physical and economic benefits. It is the very identity of India and its nationhood. The government of India recognizes this special position of Gangaji when deciding to declare it as India's National River. Obviously a national symbol cannot be allowed to be destroyed or even partially damaged for petty economic interests. In his submission to the High Court of Uttarakhand, Nainital, (dated April 4, 2009), he has asked \"it is question of our priorities, what is more important to us? Conservation of our national symbol, national identity, our cultural mother, a unique natural heritage, a unique and fragile eco-system or merely some electricity, some economic development, a few jobs, a few crores of rupees?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12191468", "title": "Hand-picked babus to be given pink slips?", "text": "PANAJI: As a new government under Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar prepares to take oath, the focus is slowly turning to the familiar process of reshuffling the top bureaucrats, heads of departments and important functionaries including the board of directors of several semi-government corporations.Sources said advocate general Subodh Kantak, who had a long stint of seven years in his post with a cabinet status, has already tendered his resignation, moments after election results were declared on Saturday. Sources in the BJP said that high court counsel A N S (Sushant) Nadkarni is likely to replace Kantak. During the BJP regime from October 2000 to early 2005, Nadkarni was the AG. Parrikar also had created a new post of additional AG but had scrapped it later after a controversy.As is normally the practice when a new government takes over, a few of the top officials, Chief secretary at the Secretariat, director general of police and deputy inspector general in the police department are likely to be transferred.The heads of various government departments are also likely to be reshuffled.The board of directors of several semi-government corporations are also likely to be reconstituted. The ministers and MLAs under the Congress government who were heading them as chairmen had already tendered their resignations prior to the commencement of the election process.Outgoing tourism minister, Nilkanth Halarnkar was heading Goa housing board and MLA Shyam Satardekar the goa tourism development corporation. St Andre MLA, Francis Silveira who lost to BJP nominee, Vishnu Wagh, was vice chairman Goa infrastructure development corporation and Pratap Gauns was the chairman of Goa forest development corporation. Former chief minister, Dr Wilfred de Souza was the vice chairman of the Goa planning board.Among the other institutions, which may feel the winds of change are the Kala Academy. Outgoing speaker, Pratapsing Rane was its chairman for more than twenty five years. Similarly, Vijayadevi Rane was chairperson of Bal Bhavan and Sanjay school.Meanwhile, the three-year- term of the law commission headed by Ramakant Khalap as commissioner is ending this month. \"It is for the government to decide after that,\" Khalap said. Khalap, members Cleofato Coutinho and Mario Almeida are compiling a volume of 24 law reports and a dozen opinions on issues referred to it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12190351", "title": "VS found guilty of nepotism: Report", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Assembly committee headed by V D Sateeshan, which submitted its report to the House on Thursday, has evidence that VS's son Arun Kumar was made joint director at IHRD and director at ICT Academy flouting norms and despite lacking the required educational qualifications.\"Both, the then chief minister and education minister M A Baby, cannot run away from the responsibility of awarding two plum posts to Arun Kumar since all the files pertaining to it were seen by these two. It is a clear case ofviolation of norms, rules and regulations,\" Sateeshan said.The committee observed that initially ICT Academy was to be a public-private partnership, but this decision was rescinded and the academy was brought under IHRD flouting norms. The report also contended that though the academy was initiated by the higher education department it was found that the decision to appoint the director was taken by the IT department without even informing the parent organisation. The report points out that the finance department had objected to the appointment of Arun Kumar but the government went ahead with it.Sateeshan revealed that both VS and Baby gave contradicting statements to the committee over the appointment of Arun Kumar as ICT Academy director. While Baby claimed it was IHRD that took the decision, VS stated it was a Cabinet decision.On his appointment as additional director of IHRD, the report said, \"Arun Kumar never had the qualification required for the post - an MCA degree and seven years of teaching experience. On verifying the records it was found that Arun Kumar never had any teaching experience\". The committee, however, observed that two other allegations about Arun Kumar's appointment as director of the finishing school and irregularities in fund allocation to an external agency by the finishing school were baseless. Sateeshan said the committee did not have any recommendations as it was meant to be a fact-finding body.The tabling of the report was marred by LDF members demanding that their dissent note be appended to the report which they said was \"unilateral\". But Speaker G Karthikeyan ruled that the decision of the panel chairman not to append the dissent note with the report was \"justifiable and in accordance with precedents\". The Speaker, however, allowed the four opposition members in the panel to table their note separately in the House.Strong evidence against VS in land caseKochi: Clinching documentary and oral evidence are available to support the corruption case registered by the vigilance department against V S Achuthanandan for allotting government land to his relative, the state government submitted before the High Court on Thursday.Responding to a petition filed by VS's relative T K Soman for quashing the FIR filed against him and others, director general of prosecution T Asaf Ali filed a statement that points out that 2.33 acres of land was assigned to Soman at Kasargod while VS, who is the first accused in the case, was chief minister.The government's affidavit highlights an endorsement made in a related file by Sheela Thomas, who was principal secretary to the CM and fourth accused in the case. Sheela Thomas made an endorsement which said \"Please see CM desires to\", remarks which, the affidavit claimed, makes clear that VS conspired and connived with the other accused to do a favour to Soman.The affidavit also mentions the objection raised by additional secretary of revenue, who noted in the file that \"The request of the petitioner cannot be considered as per rules in force. May be rejected summarily\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12194573", "title": "Woman arrested for drunk driving", "text": "PUNE: A 30-year-old woman was arrested for driving drunk near Wakad octroi post on Thursday evening. She was riding a two-wheeler with two pillion riders.\"Cases against women for drunk driving are very rare. This must be among the very few instances where a woman has been jailed for drunk driving,\" said assistant police inspector R B Nhave of the Hinjewadi traffic division. \"The woman is a resident of Aundh and works as a housemaid. She had two girls seated behind her Scooty. The breath analyser test conducted by a lady constable revealed alcohol content in her blood far exceeding the permissible limits,\" said Nhave.Under the rules, whoever, while driving, or attempting to drive, a motor vehicle, (a) has, in his blood, alcohol exceeding 30 mg. per 100 ml. of blood detected in a test by a breath analyser, or (b) is under this influence of a drug to such an extent as to be incapable of exercising proper control over the vehicle, shall be punishable for the first offence with imprisonment for a term which may extend to six months, or with fine which may extend to two thousand rupees, or with both.\"Besides, the woman did not have a licence and she was not wearing a helmet,\" Nhave said.The two pillion riders were not found drunk and so they were released by the police. .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195646", "title": "Bipasha to perform at Super fight league launch", "text": "Bipasha Basu will grace the event and do some super sexy moves.Bipasha Basu will be the main attraction at the launch of Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) fighting League, Super fight league in India.Raj Kundra and Sanjay Dutt have joined hands for a production house Super Fight Promotions Pvt. Ltd which will air their first venture Super fight league for the first time in India.The duo will launch SFL tonight in Mumbai. The launch will have LIVE performances by Bipasha Basu, singer Mika and percussionist Shivamani.Bipasha, we hear, will dance on foot tapping numbers from her recent films, including Bipasha from Jodi Breaker. An excited Bipasha confirms, \"Super Fight League 1 starts in Mumbai. I will be performing at the inaugural.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195402", "title": "Rekha Bhardwaj: My perception of music", "text": "Rekha Bhardwaj has recently turned composer with a new album. Deepali S Dhingra speaks to the singerFor Rekha Bhardwaj, it's been an exciting few years with songs like Darling, Raat Ke Dhai Baje and Ranjha Ranjha becoming chartbusters. And this year, the talented singer adds yet another feather to an already well-feathered hat! With her new private album, Rekha has turned composer as well. \"Koshish kar rahi hoon,\" she says modestly when we ask her about it, \"In the last four-five years, I have composed a few tunes. Unmein mera rang hai, it's my perception of music.\"There are two more albums Rekha's working on, including a tribute to poet Faiz with compositions by Vishal Bhardwaj. \"There's another album he's composed with poems by Dr Bashir Badra. Vishal's association with him goes a long way and he had composed these poems during his struggling days. Three of the songs have been sung by him and three by me,\" she adds.It is Vishal's association with a number of musicians that Rekha cherishes. \"Rishte unhone kaayam kiye, aur asar mujhpar hua hai,\" she smiles. But one association of his which she cherishes the most was with the late Ustad Sultan Khan, and to whom, she recently paid a tribute along with a host of other stalwarts at the Prithvi Memorial Concert. \"His insight into music is something that has helped groom me. He has contributed so much to the way I think about music. He told me something I can never forget - 'Seekho, toh shagird ki tarah, aur stage pe baitho, toh ustad ki tarah',\" she recalls. Rekha, who sang Tere Ishq Mein at the concert, was honoured to share the stage with stalwarts like Ustad Zakir Hussain, Taufiq Qureshi and others. \"I have never shared the stage with Ustad Zakir Hussain before and it was a privilege for me,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12194883", "title": "I am not another Emraan Hashmi: Kunal Khemu", "text": "Kunal Khemu, the child artist-turned-actor who has been signed up by Mahesh Bhatt as the next bankable \"asset\" for their production house, insists on a clear distinction between him and former Bhatt camp regular, serial kisser Emraan Hashmi. \"It's true that I'll be doing more films under the banner, but there is no competition between Emraan and me. The banner is not trying to create another Emraan Hashmi,\" says Kunal.Kunal is not an off-the-cuff name as yet, (his last film Golmaal 3 sank without a trace), and it is after a gap of two years that the 28-year-old actor is gearing up for his next solo release. But Kunal is clear that he wants to maintain his squeaky-clean image. While Emraan may be known for his erotic thrillers, Kunal says that he refuses to go down the same path. \"The filmmakers have been around for a long time and are pretty evolved and intelligent. They are the ones responsible for creating Brand Emraan, which came out of nowhere, and set his fan following. Just as an actor learns from his director, in the same way, a director realizes the potential of the artist and builds on it. In my case, the Bhatts are not doing the same thing they did with Emraan. That doesn't mean I will not do an erotic thriller with the Bhatts at all,\" says Kunal.Interestingly, his next release, Blood Money, created a lot of buzz for its steamy scenes with newbie model-VJ Mia Uyeda. \"Blood Money is not an erotic thriller. I was taken aback when I heard that the scenes were leaked. I don't want to mislead the audience into thinking it is such a movie,\" he says, adding, \"I know there is an audience for erotic films, but this is not one,\" he says. Reportedly, Kunal wasn't comfortable getting cozy with Mia. \"We are actors who have to sell a certain character and some scenes are an integral part of the film. I am comfortable doing intimate scenes as long as I know they are there,\" Kunal clarifies.What is his girlfriend Soha Ali Khan's take on such scenes? \"I had a discussion with Soha about it before the movie. Thankfully, we both have the same profession and understand the life of an actor,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12192272", "title": "One held for mobile tower battery cable theft", "text": "HUBLI: Gokul Road police arrested one person who was allegedly involved in the theft case of mobile tower battery cable near Akshay Park on Thursday in Hubli.Gokul Road police inspector P Mohan Prasad said, \"Manjunath Godke, 27, was walking suspiciously on Thursday morning in RN Shetty Factory Road near Akshay Park. Our alert policemen noticed his suspicious behaviour and approached him. They recovered the mobile tower battery cable worth Rs 10,000 from him.\" A case has been registered with Gokul Road police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195410", "title": "'I don't take things for granted'", "text": "He's young, ambitious and thirsty to make it big in the golfing arena. Golfer Anirban Lahiri turned professional just four years ago and he has already won two Asian titles and qualified for the British Open two years in a row, including this year .Anirban has an exciting year ahead of him and he can't wait to get it under way. \"Everything that I am today is because of my parents. I was introduced to golf at the age of eight by my father, who is a doctor in the Army. I grew up playing golf in various Army golf courses around the country. I fell in love with the game and wanted to pursue it professionally,\" says Anirban.The decision, though, did not sit well with his folks, who are high achievers in their own right. His mother is an educationist and his father a doctor. \"I completed my BCom via correspondence. I chose BCom because it was easy and wouldn't take up too much of my time, as I wanted to concentrate on golf. Holding just a graduate degree is akin to being illiterate as my entire family rank academics very highly. But, in the end, they loved me enough to support my decision to turn pro. Since then, I have worked very hard to improve my game. My parents see that and I'm sure they are very proud of me,\" explains Anirban.He appreciates the sacrifices his family made so he could pursue his dream. \"Golf is not a poor man's sport. There are equipments and shoes and travel to different tournaments. So, my parents lived frugally so I could pursue my passion. I travelled sleeper class in trains to get to tournaments,\" says Anirban. Money was hard to come by for this Bangalore boy. Luckily for him, when he turned amateur at 18, he was noticed by Mahendra Agarwal, the MD and CEO of a logistics company, who offered him his first job. \"I moved to Bangalore and took up the job. But when I turned pro two years later, I was broke. I lived only on prize money. So, it was important that I won consistently. Two years after going pro, a twowheelers manufacturing company sponsored me. An electronics major also took note of my work. Things have been better financially, but I realized where I've come from and appreciate my roots. I don't take things for granted,\" says Anirban.With golf being the love of his life, Anirban seldom gets time to hang out with his friends. But he says he does not mind that just yet. \"I love doing what I do. That is the overriding and underlining factor for me. Golf has changed me in every possible way and I am what I am today because of the game,\" he says.But that does not mean the game does not have a downside too. \"There is only one list of top golfers. And every year, there are scores of new golfers trying to get a foot in the door. In competitive sport, there is no room for lax behaviour and resting on past laurels. You have to keep performing and show consistent results. Else, you will be forgotten,\" says Anirban.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12190707", "title": "Diesel consumption jumps 12% as gensets power businesses in state", "text": "CHENNAI: Amid the power crisis, diesel consumption in the state has increased 12% in February from January. With Chennai undergoing a two-hour 'announced' power cut and the rest of the state a four-hour outage, businesses - small and big - are increasingly using generators to keep running businesses as usual.TOI reporters said that outside Chennai, most of the districts had 'unannounced' power cuts of at least two to six hours every day.Diesel consumption in February rose to 5.3 lakh kilolitres from 4.7 lakh kilolitres in January, with consumers spending at least 255 crore more on the fuel last month.The state's power managers have also announced 'power holidays' for industrial users, wherein they will not be allowed to draw power from the grid in the region where there is a power holiday.Small and medium enterprises (SMEs) are hit harder. \"SMEs outside Chennai are suffering as they have to run most of their working hours with diesel generators,\" said Rafeeque Ahmed, president, Federation of Indian Export Organizations. The production cost with diesel generators is three times more.SMEs, which generally spend Rs 4.50 per unit for electricity on an average, are now shelling out nearly Rs 13 or Rs 14 to keep the business running, said Ahmed, who is also the chairman of Farida Group.The leather manufacturers in Ambur have a tough time retaining customers as the delivery time takes a hit due to power crisis. \"The scenario has reached a point where small-scale manufacturers get orders only if they own a diesel generator,\" Ahmed said.A standalone restaurant which consumed 10 litres of diesel a day two months ago, now uses 45 litres. \"Scheduled and unscheduled power cuts and with summer setting in, our diesel consumption for each of our restaurants has increased at least four times,\" P Suresh, co-owner, Sangeetha Group of Hotels, said.The information technology sector feels the state could lose out on fresh investments. Senior officials from the industry said diesel generators are of little help when there is day-long load shedding. Chennai has a diverse company portfolio ranging from IT (second largest hub after Bangalore) to manufacturing, and power demands are on the rise with new entrants every day.\"None of the generators that companies here use can run continuously for 24 hours. Though we use high-end gensets it cannot take a 6am to 6am (24-hour) power cut. With today's diesel price it is fine to run like this but with increasing oil prices, tomorrow might be chaotic,\" a senior official of a large IT company said.\"Power cut is totally affecting us. With the Tuesday power holiday (in southern Chennai, where most IT companies are based) we have diesel generators running all day. This drastically increases the cost of operations,\" said N R Sharavanan, vice-president, Tamil Nadu Association of SEZ Infrastructure Developers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12201977", "title": "Assam varsity honorary degrees for 7 personalities", "text": "SILCHAR: Assam University conferred honoris causa (D Lit and D Sc) on seven eminent personalities of the country and abroad during its 12th convocation held early this week.Pranab Mukherjee, Union minister for finance, Arun Kumar Sharma, professor in the Centre for Advanced Study in cell and chromosome research, department of botany, Calcutta University, Kaushik Basu, economist and chief economic adviser to the Union ministry of finance, C Marks, professor of international studies and economics, Barid Baran Bhattacharya, economist of international repute and former vice-chancellor of Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi, Mamoni Raisom Goswami, Assamese writer, poet and professor, Hasan Azizul Huq, Bangladeshi writer and professor of philosophy of Rajsahi University, Bangladesh and Somendranath Banarjee, a Tagore scholar and retired professor of the department of Bengali of Visva-Bharati University were awarded their degrees by governor and chief rector of Assam University J B Patnaik at the convocation organized at the Netaji Subhas Manch of the university's Dorgakona campus here.While Piyush Mukherjee, elder of Pranab Mukherjee accepted the degree on behalf of the Union finance minister, the degree conferred on Mamoni Raisom Goswami posthumously was accepted by her nephew, Anil Kumar Goswami.AU vice chancellor Tapodhir Bhattacharjee presided over the ceremony and Narendra Jadhav, renowned economist and member of the Planning Commission was the chief guest for the event. He delivered a speech on the economic crisis that the world at large and India in general are currently facing and the challenges the present generation face when they enter the job market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "butchayyapet", "code": "12191656", "title": "Holy dip proves fatal for student", "text": "BUTCHAYYAPET: A polytechnic student accidentally drowned in a river while taking the holy bath during the 'Chakra Snanam' of Lord Balaji here on Thursday.Rapeti Ramesh, 20, of Kumundanupet village in the mandal drowned in the Pedderu River while taking part in the ritual, which was held as part of Tiruveedhi Utsavam of Lord Venkateswara. Thousands of devotees across the district took the holy bath during the celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "krishnagar", "code": "12195453", "title": "Mother ties baby to self, jumps before running train", "text": "KRISHNAGAR: A woman tied her minor daughter to her chest and allegedly committed suicide by jumping before a train near Nabadwip Dham station in West Bengal's Nadia district early today.The woman aged about 22 jumped before the down Katwa - Bandel local train with her three-year-old daughter tied to her chest by a piece of cloth at about 5.30 am.The mother and child were crushed to death, GRP said. Local people spotted the bodies and informed the Government Railway Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12190818", "title": "LPG tanker stir called off, new contract in a month", "text": "CHENNAI: The weeklong LPG deadlock has come to an end with the southern Region Bulk LPG Transport Owners Association agreeing to a 30-day deadline for revising the transportation charges. The talks held in the presence of state civil supplies commissioner P M Basheer Ahamad had begun on Wednesday evening and concluded only in the wee hours of Thursday.The owners of LPG tankers have been on strike since March 1 demanding the execution of a fresh transport contract and induction of 550 more tankers by the oil companies. The first round of talks, which stretched for 12 hours, held on Saturday night, remained inconclusive.Against an existing transportation charge of 2.23 per tonne per km, the association had demanded a hefty increase to 3.60 and later scaled down to 2.80 per tonne per km. The oil companies, however, were willing to increase it to only 2.50 per tonne per km. As per the interim arrangement worked out now, the oil companies will pay 2.50 for the next one month, during which time both the parties would work towards signing a new mutually agreeable transportation contract.\"Officials of the oil companies have agreed to induct 550 new tankers in a couple of days. A decision on the transportation contract will be negotiated and finalized in 30 days,\" said N R Karthik, secretary of the transport owners' association.\"The state government requested us to withdraw the strike in view of the hardships faced by people due to shortage of LPG cylinders. The strike was called off because we too don't want people to suffer,\" he said.Oil companies welcomed the decision of the association to withdraw the strike. \"The backlog will be cleared as early as possible,\" said an oil company official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12191462", "title": "AP welfare hostel girls fare poorly in health study", "text": "HYDERABAD: A study conducted by community health researchers reveals that more than half the young adolescent girls at welfare hotels in urban Andhra Pradesh are severely undernourished. The study, conducted by the community health department at Vizianagaram's Maharaja Institute of Medical Sciences found these girls living in a pitiable condition and suffering from chronic energy deficiency, anaemia and dental caries.That is not all, skin diseases, vision defects, urinary tract infections and ENT problems dog these hostellers apart from reproductive health problems like dysmenorrhea. What makes the findings more devastating is the performance of countries like Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, China and Indonesia all of whom have a better record in this department, says the study which was conducted some time back.According to researchers Vinod Wasnic, B Srinivasa Rao and Devakinandan Rao, the situation demands immediate intervention in the matter of health education and nutrition.The study was published in the January 2012 issue of the International Journal of Collaborative Research on Internal Medicine and Public Health, which is published in the US. The researchers selected 420 girls in the age group 10-15 years from various social welfare girls' hostels for the study which lasted for more than four months. The researchers used standard World Health Organisation ( WHO ) and Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) methodology for health indices such as anthropometry, body mass index, vision, reproductive health etc.It was found that 237 of the 420 girls, about 56.4%, were undernourished. About 26% girls were suffering from chronic grade-I energy deficiency while 15.2% and 16% had grade-II and grade-III deficiencies, respectively. About 30%, or 120 girls, had clinical anaemia while 114 inmates, or 27.1%, had dental caries.Reproductive health problems were found among 70 or 16.7% of the girls. As many as 67 girls, which is 16% of the sample group, had skin problems. Another 4% reported problem with their sight (defective vision and refractive errors). Also, 2.4% of the girls had urinary tract infection. ENT problems existed among 2.1% of the girls.The researchers said that periodic medical examinations, on-the-spot treatment - at the hostel itself - and systematized referral services should go a long way towards taking care of these health issues. They also suggested that health education camps be organised at these hostels to spread awareness about these health problems.Undernourishment in Bangladesh was at 26%, 17.9% in China and 32% and 50% in Sri Lanka and Indonesia, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "music director", "code": "12196101", "title": "Housefull 2: Music Review", "text": "Music Director: Sajid-Wajid Lyrics: Sameer Rating: * * *The music album of Housefull 2 has only as few as four tracks, plus each of their remixed versions.The album begins with Papa Toh Band Bajaye, a song that may be criticised for its uncanny similarity of rhythmn, beat and format to international hit Yolanda Be Cool and Dcup's We no speak Americano, but still manages to get those feet tapping, and makes it to the top of the chartbusters. This one is well-rendered by Neeraj Shridhar with some creative writing by Sameer.The next number Anarkali Disco Chali meant to be an ooh-la-la number danced to by the oomphy Malaika Arora Khan is a catchy desi track rendered by Mamta Sharma. Superbly sung by Sukhwinder Singh, the song is repeated in the album in a Remix version and a Hyper-mix version. Another hit from the album, the music seems to have a Laxmikant-Pyarelal hangover (of a song from 'Khalnayak').Do U Know is the third song in the music album of Housefull 2. This duet sung by Shaan and Shreya Ghoshal has a retro feel to it and grows on you. The last song in the CD, 'Right Now Now', performed by Sajid and Sunidhi Chauhan with Suzanne De Mello, is an attempt to be different and cater to the young audience, but turns out to be the one weak link in this otherwise solid work!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195764", "title": "Holi Special: An hour of FIR and Lapataganj", "text": "In a Maha Episode, SAB TV's favourite serials Lapataganj &amp; FIR celebrate HoliKavita Kaushik who plays the role of Chandramukhi Chautala in FIR said, \"It was fun shooting this episode with the Lapataganj team. It was a brilliant idea that the SAB TV team came up with and the best part was we played Holi well in advance. After a while, everyone was looking so colourful that it became impossible to figure out who was who. I am actually looking forward to see this episode on air and relive all the moments.\"Abbas Khan who plays the role of Biji Pandey in Lapataganj said, \"FIR is a very popular show amongst all of us in the Lapataganj team and most of us make it a point to watch the show as and when we can. So the opportunity to shoot with them was a sone pe suhaga. We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves on the shoot. It did not feel as though we were shooting for an episode but felt like we were all one big family enjoying Holi together, much like the families who watch our show.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12181133", "title": "Keeping their nerve and a chopper on rough seas", "text": "NEW DELHI: February 4, 2012 is an iconic day for Indian aviation. This day, for the first time ever, two women helicopter pilots flew a chopper off a ship, ICGS Sankalp. It may sound easy but think about landing or flying a helicopter off a helipad that is in continuous motion, rolling, pitching, yawing and heaving in every possible direction. The only women helicopter operators in the Indian Coast Guard, assistant commandants Ruchi Sangwan and Bhawana Rana are now proud holders of the Deck Landing Qualification (DLQ) that recognizes their ability to do just that.Sangwan comes from the sleepy town of Charkhi Dadri in Haryana that shot to recognition in 1996 due to a mid-air collision over it. Sangwan was only 11-years-old then but she decided that she wanted to be a pilot. Her parents, both government school teachers, were very supportive of their daughter's decision but had no money to fund her extremely expensive education. \"I took a loan of Rs 10 lakh from the bank and went to Ahmedabad to get my commercial pilot licence. My parents are extremely proud of me now,\" she says.Sangwan and Rana joined the coast guard in January 2010. As the only women in the male dominated sector, the two say they receive no special treatment. \"Our seniors are very supportive. When we joined service, we were apprehensive about becoming chopper pilots. It would have meant that we stay on ships for some length of time. Now we are enjoying it thoroughly,\" says Rana.Rana belongs to Vajghera village in Haryana and completed her schooling from Gurgaon. Her brother too dreamt of becoming a pilot but she was the one to make it. \"The recession in the aviation sector is partly responsible for putting me where I am. I obtained my CPL in the US and when I returned to India I started applying to commercial airlines for a job. At that time, I also responded to an advertisement for the coast guard and got selected,\" she says.The women have been involved in several rescue missions. Sangwan's last operation was when a bus fell into a river in Goa on February 18. \"A senior commandant and I flew out first but since the information reached us 30 minutes after the accident, we were unable to save anyone. I have been a part of three search and rescue missions,\" she says.In Delhi for the celebration of the International Women's Day organised by the Indian Women Pilots' Association and the Aeronautical Society of India, the two discussed the demands of their chosen profession. \"Normally, there are no women on ships and no women pilots operate choppers. Only Air Force has women helicopter fliers. The Army has none and the Navy had none. We are the only two in the coast guard now. If a rescue mission is far off, a helicopter needs to go by ship since its own flying limit is about 2.5 hours,\" says Sangwan.The Indian Women Pilots' Association said: \"The coast guard routinely operates helicopters from its offshore patrol vessels in pursuit of its charter as the law enforcing agency in the maritime zones of India. Integral ship-borne helicopters provide an efficient means for search and rescue, medical evacuation, surveillance, and pollution response. These two young women pilots have stormed the last bastion of men dominated helicopter flying at sea that requires pilots to land and take of from a helipad that is not only mobile and changing its position continuously, but is also continuously requiring the highest levels of skill to take off and land.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12202033", "title": "Governor: Assam-Meghalaya boundary needs close watch", "text": "SHILLONG: Observing that internal security and law and order in Meghalaya has been stable, governor Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary on Friday said \"developments\" on the Assam-Meghalaya boundary needed \"close watch\" in view of ethnic clashes last year.\"Differences over the inter-state boundary with Assam are being pursued in the right earnest by the state government and a complete dossier of documents supporting our claims has been handed over to the Assam government,\" the governor said in his address to the assembly on the opening day of the budget session. He added, \"The assembly had passed a resolution, urging the Centre to set up a boundary commission to deal with this problem.\"Expressing concern over the spurt in activities of the Garo National Liberation Council (GNLA) in the Garo Hills and certain areas of West Khasi Hills, Mooshahary emphasized sustained efforts to neutralize all militant groups in the state. \"The state police, with the assistance of Central agencies, is taking all steps to effectively counter anti-national and criminal activities,\" said the former chief of the BSF and the elite NSG.Asserting action against GNLA and those found supporting the group, the governor added that the group posed serious challenge to peace and development efforts.Pointing out that the 443-km long international border that the state shares with neighbouring Bangladesh \"poses its own problems in terms of influx, smuggling and easy transit routes to militant groups of the region\", the governor called for expeditious completion of the border fencing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "ballia (up)", "code": "12195518", "title": "JD(U) supporter's house set on fire", "text": "Ballia (UP): Some persons, alleged SP workers, set the house of a JD(U) supporter on fire here, police said today.The incident took place yesterday at Bhojchapara village in Reoti area when the person, who he claimed were SP supporters, set ablaze Ram Pravesh Bind's house, they said.The attackers also beat Bind's wife Shiv Kumari and his two sons Pintu and Anil and their wives before fleeing from the spot, police said.An FIR has been registered against 10 people in the matter, they said.However, no arrest has so far been made in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12197414", "title": "Pushing Tin: Pushing their boundaries!", "text": "From writing songs in a coffee shop to fans singing along while they perform, Pushing Tin has come a long way from the time they started eight years ago.Pushing Tin is the apt name for the band which comprises Vikshut Mundkur, Mark Escotte, Ashley Joseph and Romit Shilpe. \"It is like pushing our musical limits,\" says Vikshut the vocalist of the band.Their musical talent is seen in their jam room when someone starts humming a tune, the guitarist makes up a riff and the vocalist starts singing. \"We come up with tunes and songs everyday,\" says Vikshut adding, \"But until all of us agree with the way the song is turning out we don't go ahead with it.\"Pushing Tin believes in constantly working on new material and making it sound perfect. They are also one of the few bands in the country whose members have a good voice. \"Most of our songs have a four-part harmony,\" says Ashley, who plays the bass. Their sound has influences ranging from jazz, blues and funk. All this is a result of the band members having different inspirations.A lot of jamming leads to a lot of gigs. In the last five months they have performed at 15 different concerts.\"Once a man in the audience took off his shirt,\" says Vikshut referring to the kind of fun they have during their performances, adding, \"After our gig one man wanted to take me home,\" he laughs. But before they can confound anyone they affirm that they also have a female fan following. \"Mark is the lady's man who attracts the female crowd,\" says Ashley, who also swears that their last gig comprised 90% women.The band will release an album later this year. \"We have have been working on eight new songs,\" says Ashley adding, \"We are also working on a music video which we will be releasing soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12190720", "title": "Govt tells HC it will shift Anna Library", "text": "CHENNAI: The government of Tamil Nadu on Thursday expressed its resolve to shift the Anna Centenary Library (ACL) from Kotturpuram to a proposed knowledge park on the Directorate of Public Instruction campus in Nungambakkam, telling the Madras high court that it was a \"well considered policy decision not amenable to judicial review\".In a counter-affidavit in response to a batch of public interest writ petitions, filed by school education secretary D Sabitha before the first bench, comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, the state accused the petitioners of orchestrating a campaign to stall government policy.It said few readers visited the library at its current location even though it had a vast collection of books. On average, only 1,000 to 1,300 people visited the library, including visitors who come just to see the structure, it said.The government said ACL catered to the needs of just 8% of students living or studying in the vicinity and added that it was meant only for affluent people and not the common man.Explaining the merits of its plan to convert ACL into a multi-specialty paediatric hospital, the government said it came up with the plan because the children's hospital at Egmore could not be developed further due to lack of space. A children's hospital in south Chennai would be of tremendous value, it said, adding that it could convert the existing library building into a hospital at minimal expense.Once the books and racks are removed, the space will be an open hall which can be converted for any purpose,\" the government said in the counter.The library was built at a cost of Rs 177.43 crore taken from the Local Library Authority and Rs 23.25 crore that was diverted for the Integrated Book Monitoring and Security System, it said, adding that the government has decided to refund the entire amount to ensure equitable development of libraries in the state.It also argued that the ACL building's maintenance cost is prohibitive, with the state paying Rs 10 crore as insurance premium each year.Claiming that the public has welcomed the government's policy decision to shift the library, the government said a huge area allocated for the library has been left unused and its vehicle parking facilities are also underutilized. In a locality where an acre of land costs Rs 10 crore, the inequitable utilization of funds and land is a waste of taxpayers' money, it said.The state's counter sought to clarify that the government intended to shift the library to a more suitable location with better facilities so more people could use the facility. \"It is not the government's intention to close the library down,\" the state's counter said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "12201832", "title": "Nagaland signs MoU with Nabacons", "text": "KOHIMA: The Nagaland government signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the NABARD Consultancy Services Pvt Ltd (Nabacons) here on Thursday. Additional chief secretary and development commissioner Alemtemshi Jamir signed the MoU on behalf of the government. Under this MoU, 55 state projects are to be evaluated this month. Alemtemshi stressed on the importance of monitoring and evaluation. He said there is a huge task ahead and the work may affect subsequent allocation. He warned officers that with the advent of satellite, GIS (Geographic Information System) and other technologies, they should be more serious in executing the projects. He said Nagaland will be the first state in the country to have UAV (Unmanned Aerial Vehicle) owing to the success of GIS in the state. He further said that the projects cannot be called complete without evaluation. Nabacons CEO Mudgal, in his presentation, identified agro-marketing, agro-warehouse, agro-cold storage, cold chain etc as the key areas in Nagaland.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "dharamsala", "code": "12196730", "title": "Truth being violently suppressed in Tibet: Dalai Lama", "text": "DHARAMSALA: Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama has said truth was being \"violently suppressed\" inside Tibet and nothing can be done about it.\"Truth is being violently suppressed inside Tibet right now...truth is losing to might and power but there is nothing much we can do,\" he said at a gathering of Tibetans on the concluding day of the five-day Monlam Chenmo (great prayer festival) in Dharamsala on Thursday.\"Although violence and oppression may appear powerful and decisive but it is only temporary. Violence can never bring a lasting and long term resolution to any problem...truth cannot be destroyed,\" the Dalai Lama said.Earlier on Wednesday, Dalai Lama's followers organised a special prayer meet to pray for the longevity of the Tibetan spiritual leader in Dharamsala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12190948", "title": "AAI and CMRL firmed up to build the airport metro station", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai metro rail juggernaut has finally reached the airport four years after work began. The Airports Authority of India (AAI) and Chennai Metro Rail Limited (CMRL) have firmed up a deal to build the airport metro station within 14 months. Bids for the Rs 49.22-crore project will be opened by the end of the month.Though work on the Airport-Washermenpet metro line began in 2008, it is only now that metro rail authorities have begun work on the airport station. The metro rail and AAI officials signed the MoU in the last week of February after which AAI floated a tender for the project. \"The tender will be opened on March 20. The contractor will have to build the station in 14 months,\" said an AAI senior official.The station, which will come up near the existing police station in front of the airport, will have a basement and four floors. AAI will construct the station using the money and design provided by the metro rail authorities. After the building is completed, CMRL will lay tracks, electrify the line and install lifts, escalator and other facilities.CMRL has decided to entrust AAI with the job because the structure was to come up on airport premises and would have called for too much coordination if it were to handle the construction.The metro station will be integrated with the new passenger terminals that are being built. The design of the station will also gel well with the snazzy new-look passenger terminals made of steel and glass. Roof of the station will have aluminum profile roofing and a steel portal frame.An elevated metro line will come into the station. The concourse of the station will be linked to the passenger terminals through a connector tube, which will connect the metro station to the flyover in front of the new terminal, so that passengers alighting from the trains can go to the departure area of the new terminals without coming out of the station building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "12192156", "title": "Battered in UP but Maya holds the key to power in Hill state", "text": "DEHRADUN: Giving a new twist to the race for power in Uttarakhand , BSP, whose three MLAs can tilt the balance, on Thursday said it was in touch with both Congress and BJP as the two rival contenders for power claimed they will form the next government.\"We are in touch with both BJP and Congress,\" said state BSP President Surajmal. He maintained the party would take a decision on the issue of extending support only after consultations with BSP supremo Mayawati. Surajmal denied the Congress' claim that BSP has already extended its support to its bid to form government. \"Congress is in the habit of spreading such rumours,\" he said, adding \"whatever direction comes from Mayawatiji, we will follow\".Assembly elections 2012Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12201694", "title": "Splash of merriment, masti everywhere", "text": "KANPUR: Holi was celebrated amid fun and merriment on Thursday. The revellers splashed colours on each other and exchanged hugs and embraces to enjoy the festival of colours.Wearing clothes splashed in various colours, people visited friends and relatives, enjoyed gujhias and applied 'gulal' on each other.Children had most of the fun as they sprayed coloured water using water guns and hurled water-filled balloons on people from the rooftops.Holi began with the applying of colours on each other. As the day progressed, revelers were chasing and drenching each other with colours.In the evening, the families held another round of celebrations by organising get-togethers, followed by a other celebrations like movies and dinner.It was a predominance of colours all over the town, where individuals of all age, caste and creed were seen splashing colors on each other. Be it the younger lot or the oldies, from professionals to the students, from housewives to businessman, everyone was enthralled in the tradition of painting each other with colors of joy.\"To play with colors is a complete fun. Holi is one festival which gives everyone a chance to enjoy the day at its best because you can paint the face of your friends, enjoy laughing at them and they even do the same with you,\" exclaimed Nidhi.Some persons preferred dry Holi of 'gulal' and relished gujhias and papads. There were others who didn't mind splashing buckets of colors on each other to celebrate the festival.Denizens were seen dancing on the tunes of Bollywood numbers and enjoying having Bhang mixed 'thandai'. Hit numbers like 'Ooolala Ooolala' and 'Chikni Chameli' were being played on the crossings.\"Holi is a festival of 'thandai'. Since people love to get a bit high, bhaang is mixed with it. The festival is synonymous with 'masti' and 'dhamaal', which is not possible without having thandai,\" said Harshit, a reveller.The city witnessed the flow of colors everywhere. Even clubs and society apartments were not left behind. Malls public places too witnessed huge rush in the evening.Health conscious revellers celebrated Holi with herbal colours. This also made everyone look white and bright in evening get-together.Holi celebrations took place in the ISKON temple at Bithoor. The devotees showered flowers on one another.\"It was fun playing floral holi with Krishna's Bhajan and amid divine atmosphere. I spent whole day here,\" said Girdhari, a reveller.However, contrary to the sight of the streets in the morning, the roads turned deserted for a while in the afternoon. In the evening, merriment was back on the streets with the people coming out to meet friends and greet each other.For the board examinees, the celebrations took a back seat as studying was more important.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12196086", "title": "Shubha Mudgal on a classical note", "text": "TOI chats with singer Shubha Mudgal, who will be in the city for a performanceShuttling between several music festivals, performances and her latest experiments with musical theatre, Shubha is glad to be associated with anything to do with music. \"Anything that is related to music interests me. I'm always looking to update myself with the current scene,\" says Shubha, who is continuously on the lookout for newer trends in classical music through social networking websites. \"The internet is a new space for musicians to showcase their talents. It allows musicians of all genres to communicate in an open forum. It not only allows me to find classical musicians across the country, but also establish a platform for independent publishing. You can distribute music to all types of audiences,\" says Shubha. Though it's good for singers to get tuned to newer spaces, Shubha feels that the country is still not open to massive changes in the field of music. \"For instance, the concept of webcerts might be popular in the international scene, but I feel we are not yet ready for something like that because there is a lack of technology,\" she explains.However, Shubha is elated about the number of music festivals the country witnesses every now and then. \"It is wonderful to see several music festivals happening in our country. It gives a platform for both upcoming musicians as well as reputed bands to perform at a festival where audience looks for newer genres,\" says Shubha.Collaborations also seem to be the order of the day. Shubha says, \"Two good musicians jamming is a good thing. However, it shouldn't be a marketing tool. You can't fly in an hour before your set and play music. There should be a lot of understanding between musicians.\"Nevertheless, the singer is hopeful for more innovations in music in the coming years. \"Struggle is always a part of any musician. Though art is not given the kind of importance it deserves, audiences and musicians will keep it alive. Music will not be stagnant as innovations will continue to happen every now and then,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "singapore", "code": "12199827", "title": "I will visit Pakistan this summer: SM Krishna", "text": "SINGAPORE: Noting that India and Pakistan have made \"major strides\" in reducing their trust deficit, external affairs minister S M Krishna today said he will visit Islamabad this summer.\"Over the past two years, we have made major strides in reducing the 'trust deficit' between India and Pakistan.\"I hosted the foreign minister of Pakistan Hina Rabbani Khar in New Delhi in July last year, and plan to visit Islamabad myself this summer,\" Krishna said in his address at a seminar organised here by the Institute of South Asian Studies.Krishna said both Khar and he affirmed the importance of carrying forward the dialogue process with a view to resolving peacefully all outstanding issues through constructive and result oriented engagement.\"We agreed that terrorism poses a continuing threat to peace and security and reiterated the firm and undiluted commitment of our two countries to fight and eliminate this scourge in all its forms and manifestations,\" he said.Krishna said New Delhi welcomed Pakistan's efforts to normalise trade relations with India by moving from positive to negative lists, and their eventual elimination.Recalling the meeting between Prime Ministers of both countries during the Saarc meet last year, Krishna said both reaffirmed that people are at the heart of the relationship between two countries and that people-to-people contacts and cultural exchanges should be promoted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12201981", "title": "India's involvement in Myanmar slow: NLD member", "text": "GUWAHATI: With signs of democratic reforms emerging in Myanmar, member of National League for Democracy (NLD) Tint Swe said that India's role in the neighbouring country should go beyond strategic interest, during a meeting on changing policies, opportunities and challenges in Myanmar organized by Burma Centre Delhi (BCD) and Journalist Forum Assam here on Friday.Swe, a medical practitioner who has been living in India for the last 20 years added that the northeast will benefit from the democratic process in Myanmar. \"As the situation in Burma is showing signs of changes, India should help in strengthening the democratic institutions in my country as India has that advantage in Burma which China or USA does not have. India's IT, education and agriculture sectors can help in Burma's progress,\" Swe, a former NLP parliamentarian said.As the country is heading towards a crucial by-election on April 1 this year, Swe said northeast, as an immediate neighbour, is going to benefit from the ushering in of democracy in Myanmar. \"We have to work together with the northeast as we share a blood connection with them. Democracy in Burma is going to be equally beneficial for the northeast,\" he said.\"Many northeastern insurgent groups are currently holed up in Myanmar. These anti-India groups are a problem to both Burma and India. But, India wants to find a military solution to the problem and we do not believe in military solution,\" he added.Swe said that India's involvement in Myanmar has been \"a bit slow\" in comparison to USA and EU since the U Thein Sein government initiated political reforms in the country.\"USA was the first to get involved with Burma after the Thein Sein government introduced the political reforms. EU was also equally quick. China's presence has already been seen in Myanmar. But India has not been keeping that pace with the other countries. There are visible changes in Burma and India can do lot in Burma,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12192143", "title": "Local runs over teen glued to mobile music", "text": "MUMBAI: Listening to music on his cellphone while illegally crossing railway tracks has cost a collegian his life.The incident occurred on Thursday evening, when Pravin Salve (19) was trying to take a short-cut across the tracks between Govandi and Mankhurd stations. He was so engrossed in listening to music on his mobile that he failed to hear an approaching train that mowed him down.\"Around 4.30 pm, a Panvelbound local was passing through Govandi. The motorman honked but Salve, who had his earphones plugged in his ears, could not hear the horn. He was crushed under the train's wheels,\" the police said. The motorman immediately called the station master, who in turn, contacted the government railway police (GRP). \"The mishap took place not far from the platform of Govandi station and our constables, who were patrolling there, swung into action. They rushed Salve to Rajawadi Hospital where he was declared dead. He had sustained severe injuries in his head,\" said assistant commissioner Sunil Malusare.The Vashi GRP contacted Salve's family. \"It is not clear where Salve was going to. His family is in no position to give statements,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12194445", "title": "NCP to keep mayor\u2019s post for 5 yrs", "text": "PUNE: The mayor's post will remain with the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) for the next five years, while the post of deputy mayor will be with the Congress, said deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar here on Thursday.The NCP conducted interviews of aspirants for the mayor's post. Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of the interviews, Pawar said that the nominations for the post will be filled on Friday.The party had called for applications for the mayor's post on Wednesday. Eight applications were received and the aspirants were called for interviews. The aspirants who gave interviews included seven NCP corporators and one independent corporator, Ashwini Kadam. The coveted post of the city mayor is reserved for other backward class women.The ruling NCP, which emerged as the single largest party with 51 seats in the civic election, had asked aspirants to submit their applications. NCP corporators Usha Kalamkar, Nanda Lonkar, Vaishali Bankar, Sangeeta Kudale, Chanchala Kodre, Mohini Devkar and Rajshree Andekar were in the race. Interestingly, NCP rebel candidate Ashwini Kadam, who contested and won as an independent candidate after the party denied her a ticket, has also staked a claim to the post.NCP has also sought applications from corporators for placements in various civic committees, including the standing committee, which holds the keys to the civic coffers. Other committees include city improvement committee and women and child welfare committee.\"We had discussions with Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee chief Manikrao Thakre and it was decided to allot mayor's post to NCP and deputy mayor's post to Congress for five years,\" said Pawar.He said that the tenure of one year and three months has been fixed for both mayor and deputy mayor. The final decision on other key posts is yet to be taken.The city will get its seventh woman mayor on March 15. The previous women mayors include Kamal Vyvahare, Vatsala Andekar, Vandana Chavan, Dipti Chavadhari, Rajani Tribhuvan and Rajlaxmi Bhosale.Interestingly, this time only Kamal Vyavahare from the Congress came up trumps among the four former women mayors who contested the election. Rajlaxmi Bhosale and Rajani Tribhuvan of the NCP and Vatsala Andekar, who contested as an independent, lost the battle. Chavadhari is now Congress MLC and Vandana Chavan did not contest the election.We had discussions with Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee chief Manikrao Thakre and it was decided to allot mayor's post to NCP and deputy mayor's post to Congress for five years", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195809", "title": "Gautham Menon's angry!", "text": "His latest Hindi flick Ekk Deewana Tha has been criticised by many and Gautham Menon seems to be upset these days. \"Some ten birdbrains may be capable of killing a film but they can't stop a filmmaker's journey.That continues... Come and get me, again,\" tweeted the filmmaker recently.While the Tamil version of the film, Vinaithaandi Varuvaayaa, had done exceedingly well and many, including critics, thought that the chemistry of Simbu and Trisha worked out to the favour of the film, the same has not happened with Prateik and Amy Jackson in the Hindi version of the film. Earlier, the director had tweeted, \"Never mind the critics' guys. They are just doing their job. I've never got great reviews for any of my films.\"Currently, the filmmaker is working on Neethane En Ponvasantham, another romantic film with Jiiva and Samantha in the lead. Interestingly, Gautham Vasudev Menon is teaming up for the first time with music maestro Ilaiyaraaja for this romantic musical, the teaser of which was released recently on the Internet. His previous musical collaborations with A R Rahman (VTV) and Harris Jayaraj (Minnale, Vaaranam Aayiram, etc) have resulted in big hits at the box office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12192472", "title": "Zoo inmates get cool treatment", "text": "MYSORE: With mercury soaring high, Mysore Zoo authorities are gearing up to keep the animals and birds in captivity cool, calm and collected.Officials are leaving no stone unturned to ensure that the skyrocketing temperature levels are not affecting the inmates. On a daily basis, they keep a tab on the temperature inside the 70-acre facility which houses nearly 1,430 animals and birds of nearly 170 species. Sprinklers and water jets are used to help the animals beat the heat.In the wake of water scarcity, the authorities have decided to use the available water for drinking purpose only. Special arrangements have been made to keep the garden green.In addition to the existing tractor, another one has been procured at a cost of Rs 7 lakh to irrigate the garden and a driver has been appointed to bring water from the abutting Karanji lake in a vehicle.\"It is a routine process to keep the animals and birds in comfort during summer. We take special care by placing soaked sacks or dried grass to maintain warmth inside the enclosure. Soaked sacks are hung on windows of some animal enclosures,\" M Nanjundaswamy, chairman of Zoo authority of Karnataka.According to him, the Zoo has six elephants, including two African, which will get special treatment like oil massage in summer.\"We will also bathe the pachyderms frequently to help them beat the soaring temperature. Oil massage is done at regular intervals in summer. Even four green anacondas, which are kept in the new enclosure, are doing fine,\" he said. The Zoo requires nearly 3.5 lakh litres of water for its daily use. The civic body provides 1 lakh litres water.The Zoo recently proposed to harvest rainwater to use in the garden and other purposes. The project is yet to be materialized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12192309", "title": "1 killed, 3 hurt as bus rams into two bikes", "text": "MUMBAI: A BEST driver was arrested by the Aarey police after his bus rammed into two pairs of motorcyclists on Tuesday, killing one person and injuring three. Police officials said Babasaheb Kadam (26) was driving recklessly on a stretch of road that was in a bad condition. Kadam was later released on bail by a metropolitan court.The accident occurred at Dinkarrao Desai Marg at Aarey Colony around 5.25pm.The deceased, Rohit Chandanshive (24), was riding a Pulsar with his friend, Rohan Sahil (19) seated pillion. Rohan Mosamkar (16), a resident of Marol, was also riding a Pulsar on the route with his friend, Sayog Shirke (16), as pillion. The youngsters had reached a temple when the bus rammed into them. The impact threw the youngsters off their motorcycles and caused them grievous injuries. The victims were rushed to hospitals nearby, where Chandanshive was declared dead.Police officials said the motorcycles were mangled in the mishap. \"Sahil sustained severe injuries to the back of his head. Rohan too sustained head injuries and Sayog hurt his leg,\" a police official said.Kadam was arrested after Mosamkar's brother, Rohit, lodged a complaint and an FIR was filed. He was booked on charges of causing death due to negligence and rash driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12190386", "title": "Cong, NCP rebels in the running", "text": "NASHIK: Rebel Congressman Gurmeet Bagga, who is the leader of the group of six independents elected to the NMC, is among those in the running for the mayor's post. Nomination forms for the posts of mayor and deputy mayor were available with the municipal secretary from March 5, but they were collected by aspirants only on March 7. Independent leaders Gurumeet Bagga and Sanjay Chavan (NCP rebel) are among those who have taken the forms. Friday is the last day of filing nominations for the mayoral poll.Independent leaders Bagga, Chavan and Damodar Mankar, Shiv Sena leaders Shailesh Dhage and Shivaji Sahane, and CPM leader Tanaji Jaibhave have taken the forms for the mayoral post. For the post of deputy mayor Bagga, Mankar, Chavan, Dhage, Sahane and Shabana Pathan have taken the forms. \"Today being the day of submission and yesterday being a holiday, lot of rush is expected at the NMC,\" said sources from the municipal secretary's office. Sources in the Shiv Sena reveal that former deputy mayor and Shiv Sainik, Ajay Boraste is also likely to fill the forms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12181118", "title": "Women cabbies take the wheel, cross gender divide", "text": "NEW DELHI: They can steer through the city's maddening traffic with ease, quickly manoeuvre a vehicle into a space and are confident about driving alone at night. Meet these commercial chauffeurs who defy the deep-rooted notion of women being bad drivers.Saroj, 23, says lack of formal education made it tough for her to get a good job. \"I wanted to work and support my family. My father is a labourer and my mother doesn't keep too well.\" When she first broached the idea of driving taxis, her father was set against it. \"I still went ahead and explained things to him once I started working,\" she says. Today, he's proud of her.Saroj is one of the many women employed with Sakha, a private enterprise launched by Meenu Vadera, who provides cab and chauffeur services to women, by women. Whether it's late night airport transfers or faraway corporate offices, women can travel without hesitation. The women drivers are thoroughly vetted before being employed. \"Apart from ensuring women's safety, we also provide good, remunerative employment opportunities for women,\" says Nayantara Janardhan, chief operating officer, Sakha. Since the enterprise launched in 2008, over 50 women have been placed as private chauffeurs. About 10 work with their car hire service. \"By April, we expect to have 12,\" she says.Janardhan says they faced a lot of resistance initially. \"It's a problem of perception. Women were never seen as commercial drivers.\" But now they have over 100 women training at Sakha's non-profit sister organization, Azad Foundation. \"For six to eight months, they not only learn driving, but also communication, grooming, self-defence, English, map reading, and their legal rights and how to seek them,\" says Janardhan.The empowerment that comes with the job, says 36-year-old Shanno, has completely changed her. \"I always worried about my teenage daughters, but now I know they can handle themselves. I feel more self-reliant,\" she says. But none of it came easy. \"I lost my husband seven years back and my mother-in-law was against my becoming a driver. I didn't listen to her,\" she says. Now, instead of living veiled, Shanno dons her blue uniform everyday.From a small village near Lucknow, 21-year-old Chandni has come a long way. \"I had to travel alone for my training and my legs would shiver the moment I stepped inside the bus,\" she says. After a year in the job, she is confident about driving alone late at night. \"Some feel proud of me, others think my job is bad. It's best to not think about what others think,\" she says pragmatically.However, most say that even after years of driving, they never escape ogling eyes. \"Men are often shocked to see us drive. They say we've taken their job. But I want to show them that women can do whatever they set their minds to. No field is off-limits,\" says Seema, 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12191179", "title": "Behold, the solitary reapers", "text": "PANAJI: Family raj stirred up hostility, but many voters hugged independent raj with a vengeance. Five of the candidates in the assembly polls carved out a historic 12.5% of the seats for themselves in the 40-member house.The year 2012 turned out to be a watershed year for independents. At least two of them, Avertano Furtado and Benjamin D'Silva, turned out to be giant-killers in Navelim and Velim and all five of them spoiled the party for the Congress in its worst performance.With a little bit of luck and clout, or even money power, seven other independents could have turned the Goa election on its head. Govind Gaude in Priol, Arjun Salgaocar in Sanvordem, Nirmala Sawant in Cumbarjua, Domnic Gaonkar in Curtorim, Pravin Zantye in Mayem, Prakash Velip in Quepem and Tulio de Souza in Saligao came a close second, leaving other party nominees, in most cases, far behind in the race.Says de Souza, \"We did well because people voted for a change and for individuals with a clean image.\" De Souza, who lost to BJP candidate, Dilip Paruelkar in Saligao, added that the trend also indicated a wrong choice of candidates.Ramakant Khalap, a spokesman of the Congress party, agreed that the people have passed their verdict with anger and disgust against his party for whatever reasons they deemed it. \"But with so many independents finding favour with voters, it clearly shows that it was an anti-Cong wave, and not in favour of any party, as claimed by some,\" Khalap said.Plagued by heavy losses all over the state, the ruling party was left holding only two seats of Margao and Curtorim in its bastion of Salcete. Independents took two, Navelim and Velim, while any chance of retrieving Fatorda was spoilt by another counterpart, Vijai Sardesai.Former Congressman, Naresh Sawal in Bicholim upset the party candidate Rajesh Patnekar and Rohan Khanvte left Fermina Khanvte, a candidate fielded by its alliance partner NCP, far behind in the race.Further, the unexpected surge of some independents, especially in Cuncolim, Sanguem and Mormugao, damaged the prospects of candidates fielded by the Congress-NCP alliance.Though only 74 independents contested the March 3 polls, they surpassed another record of three seats in a field of 158 independents in 1984. Turning back the pages of history, one can see that the year 1984 was another watershed year for independents. The highest number of candidates without any party affiliations packed the list of contestants in Goa's election history after liberation. The five national parties and a regional party fielded only 84 candidates in 30 constituencies, but as many as 158 independents took the field.The legislative assembly was then housed in the Old Secretariat on the banks of the river Mandovi. The independents took a massive slice of 36.90% votes, which even overshadowed the regional party, MGPs share of 24.44%. The Congress garnered 39.48%, only a little more than the independents.In Goa's election history, the independents share of the total vote has not otherwise crossed the 20% mark.The vote share of 132 independents in 1989 was only 15.71% while in 1994 a total of 154, the second highest independents, garnered 18.25% of the vote.In the first landmark 1963 poll, a record 156 independents took the field and three were elected from Ponda, Sattari and Daman in the 30-member house.Interestingly, in three successive elections in 1967, 1972 and 1977, the only two independents elected were, from the overland territories of Daman and Diu.In 1980, three were elected from a field of 79. After statehood, the number of seats was increased to 40 and two were elected from 132 independents in 1989, 3 from 154 in 1994, one each in 1999 and 2002 and two in 2007 from less than 50 contestants each time. Rajya Sabha MP Shantaram Naik said most political parties have their agenda cut out. \"If the independents also study and present issues in a proper perspective, they can also play a useful role,\" he said.Goa Elections 2012Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195443", "title": "Star endorsement misleading?", "text": "Bollywood's number race is known to all, and while some stars deny it, their socks are always pulled up and they're ready with all the gear to hit the tracks.This number game sets off another race of sorts - Bollywood's Brand War. Every star comes with a price tag for movies and brand endorsements. More often than not, a star's off-screen image reflects in the brands they sign. But how serious, loyal and committed are the stars towards their brand? Does a star's endorsement of a particular brand often misguide the janata who looks up to them as role-models? This week, Bollywood Big Story debates - Do stars' endorsements mislead fans?Rohit Roy, Actor: I've bought so many products, just because Big B was endorsing them!Imtiaz Ali, Filmmaker: Stars endorse brands that already exist in the market. They shouldn't get the flak if their images contradict the endorsement, it should be the brands that approach them.Prahlad Kakkar, Ad-man: No one cares if a brand's image is in coordination with the star. Money speaks louder than social responsibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12197055", "title": "Maoist women sqaud leader Suchitra Mahato surrenders", "text": "KOLKATA: Dreaded Maoist female squad leader Suchitra Mahato on Friday surrendered before Bengal chief Minister Mamata Banerjee at the state secretariat Writers Building.Suchitra Mahato, one of the most prominent female guerrillas in Jangalmahal, Bengal was the wife of slain Maoist leader Sashadhar Mahato. Suchitra hails from Binpur area of Jhargram in West Midnapore and had been with the red brigade for past one decade.Maoist sources said that Suchitra had played a key role in organising the Maoist brigade in Jangalmahal and was instrumental in mobilizing Jangalmahal's women during the Lalgarh movement.Jagari Baske - another female squad leader also surrendered at Writers Building.Police said that more than 20 cases of murder, arson and sedition were pending against her.She was one among those who plotted the Silda attack on February 15, 2010 in which 24 Eastern Frontier Rifles soldiers were killed in a Maoist ambush.Suchitra was along with the slain Maoist politburo leader Kishanji during an encounter. Police have reasons to believe that Suchitra managed to escape from the encounter site despite receiving a bullet injury in her waist.Mahato, widow of Sashadhar at Writers Building claimed that she married Prabir - another PCPA activist on February 25 this year. However Maoist sources claimed that Suchitra had not surrendered. She was intercepted from a village at Ghatshila located along Bengal-Jharkhand border in the first week of December 2011. Since then she was in the custody of the state Intelligence.The surrender of Mahato however raised the controversy again among the Maoist ranks that who was the \"comrade\" in the gloves who tipped off the movement of Kishanji. In a recent letter Maoist central committee hinted that Maoist politburo leader Kishanji was killed in a fake encounter and he was captured by the security forces after being tipped off by a \"covert\" agent - probably a party insider.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12194961", "title": "Sushmita Sen opens ex file", "text": "There is talk that Sushmita Sen has reunited with exboyfriend Manav Menon.The couple was spotted at a private party holding hands and whispering sweet nothings into each other's ears. Buzz is that Sush has decided to give her relationship with the guy another chance and is committed to making it work this time around.Friends reveal that she believes he's the one who makes her happy. Who knows? Maybe the third time around is a lucky charm ?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195588", "title": "Leena Maria on cloud nine", "text": "After playing a few prominent roles in films like Red Chillies, Nandalala and Cobra, model turned actress Leena Maria is now on cloud nine after having bagged a role of Jennifer in Saji Surendran's Husbands in Goa.\"I essay the character played by Rima Kallingal in Happy Husbands, except that in this movie, the three young husbands get attracted to her and try to woo her,\" informs Leena.For the actress, this movie is a huge project as she is cast alongside actors like Lal, Asif Ali, Indrajith, Jayasurya, Rima Kallingal, Remya Nambeesan, Bhama and Praveena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12191102", "title": "Easy sailing on Day 1 of Class 12 exams", "text": "COIMBATORE: Class 12 students heaved a sigh of relief on Thursday as language papers turned out to be easy. As many as 7.06 lakh students in Tamil Nadu took their first higher secondary board exam.\"All the students said that exams went without much trouble. Every student seemed to be satisfied with the questions. They also could manage time,\" said V Selvaraj, principal, ALG Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Puliyakulam. Regha K P of ALG School said the Hindi paper went off well. \"The hard work and preparation did not go in vain,\" she said.Students who had opted for Tamil too felt the same. Soumya B, a student of ALG whose option was Tamil said she and her friends were relieved. \"The first exam was very much a relief,\" she said. D Subramania of Mani Higher Secondary School also said the Tamil question paper was easy. \"I hope it will be the same in the coming days,\" he said. Usually, the syllabus is changed every five years. However, this was sixth year in a row that the board exam question papers were set on the same syllabus, resulting in few surprises for students. It is common for the students to familiarize themselves with the question papers of board exams over the last five years. Teachers were also of the view that more often than not a significant percentage of the questions are repeated from the previous years' papers.However, the schools had put their students through rigorous tests ahead of the exams. \"We had finished the syllabus before Christmas. From then on we conducted a series of mock tests. So we do not think that the students should have any problems. Almost all the questions would have been what they would have faced at least once,\" Selvaraj of ALG Matriculation HSS said. P V Antony, principal, Suguna RIPV School, said Tamil and French too were easy for the students. \"All the students found it easy and smooth. Questions in French were direct. We have given all the students exposure to exam-like situations,\" he said. K Sathiyanarayanan, head master of Mani Higher Secondary School, Pappanaickenpalayam, said considering the type of preparations the students had undergone they do not think they will face any problems. \"We had given them several revision tests,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "12202018", "title": "ATTSA extends economic blockade", "text": "JORHAT: The All Tea Tribes Students' Association (ATTSA) has intensified their agitation against neighbouring Nagaland after five days of economic blockade in Jorhat. On Friday, ATTSA extended their blockade from Naginijan to Mariani. They have also decided to extend the agitation from Jorhat to Sivasagar district from Saturday if Nagas and the governments of Assam and Nagaland fail to address their demands.\"We have enforced blockade on all the essential commodities including LPG cylinders going towards Nagaland. Our agitation will continue if the Nagas and governments of both Assam and Nagaland ignore it,\" ATTSA assistant general secretary Dhiraj Gowala said.The organisation had imposed indefinite economic blockade against Nagaland in Jorhat district from March 4, protesting the Naga encroachment on Assam land and atrocities against Assamese people in the border areas. The organisation also demanded setting up of a border outpost at Naginijan area in the district to check the illegal activities of Nagas and to stop illegal tax collection drives by Naga militant groups from Assam's households and tea gardens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "even if you've never done a karaoke duet to the grease song \"summer lovin',\" you know how the lyrics wind down", "code": "12195160", "title": "Play your summer romance into overtime", "text": "Even if you've never done a karaoke duet to the Grease song \"Summer Lovin',\" you know how the lyrics wind down:Sandy: \"It turned colder - that's where it ends\" Danny: \"So I told her we'd still be friends ... \"Well, we don't have to tell you that by the end of the movie, Olivia Newton-John and John Travolta return to being more than just friends! Autumn didn't kill their summer romance, so why should it squash yours?Sure, there are hurdles to extending a summer romance. But if you start planning now, you might be able to morph your bikini babe into your snow bunny.Problem: She lives far awayDuring the summer, you worked in the same company, camp or beach resort, so the fact that her year-round home is two hours and $26 in gas away wasn't a problem. Now it is.Solution : Line up your calendars. A bit of good, old-fashioned planning can fairly divvy up long weekends and holidays. (Doing this while you're still relaxed and have sand in your shorts is easier than trying to read her mind later.)Problem: Long-distance love interests returnYour girl comes back from her summer internship (darn -- you'd conveniently forgotten all about her!), or worse, her former love interest comes back from his sports-training camp. And his nickname is Skull Crusher.Solution : Make a pact to give yourselves a week, then talk about the status of the other love interests. Maybe hers will get deployed and yours will decide she didn't like you anymore anyway. OK, things will probably be more complicated than that. But take a few days, then talk honestly to assess the situation and see how you feel.Problem: Real life replaces summerReality comes crashing down: The semester starts, or your boss is complaining about end-of-year goals, and all too soon you have to plan holiday gifts. Ah! What happened to your happy summer problems like whether to get rainbow or chocolate sprinkles?Solution : Start to negotiate real life again, and you'll see if your relationship has any depth. Sure, you'll yearn for July, but now you'll be slapped out of being summer-happy and more able to see if you really are good partners in communicating and balancing life responsibilities.Problem : You discover you're from different worldsSummer routine and gear (read: shorts and T-shirts) were great levelers. But now with autumn here, you have to deal with old friends, hobbies, responsibilities, parents and siblings -- all of which might be very different from hers (maybe she's an uptown girl and you're a backstreet guy, or vice versa).Solution : Gauge the degree to which difference matters to you. If your September through May was pretty predictable, life isn't. The chance to see and appreciate differences in people starts now. Maybe you have some learning to do, maybe she does. Perhaps it's just a matter of telling your friends to simmer down and make room for your girl. Regardless, have an open mind.Problem: Your relationship's turning digitalNow it seems time is scheduled into blocks and you can't be as flexible with meeting up. In fact, texting is no longer a communication option -- it may be the only way you can touch base during the week.Solution : Make time for phone talk (remember that?) and Skype. They're not as real as skin on skin, but they're much better than just sexting in monosyllables while you wait at the gas station. You can even get really crazy and send a paper card, snail-mail-style (watch how amazing she'll think that is!).Content courtesy: Men's Life Today, Global", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12200268", "title": "'Missing' case of 13 months solved as police claim wife murdered victim", "text": "MANGALORE: City police have cracked the missing case of \"Meese\" Ashok alias Ashok,44, reported 13 months back with police finding his remains - that too in ashes.Police on Friday claimed that Ashok's wife Chandravathi ,41 had murdered her husband and disposed the body off with the help of their daughter Ashwini ,22.Police commissioner Seemanth Kumar Singh said the exact motive behind the murder had not been established as Chandravathi's statement that Ashok was harassing her and daughter could not be taken at face value. \"We are still in the process of establishing the motive,'' he said.Singh said that according to Chandravathi she had murdered Ashok by smashing his head with a grinding stone while he was asleep. Later with the help of her daughter she burnt the body in the bathroom fire place. The remains like bones were smashed into pieces with a hammer and put in a sack. Some of the remaining ash was disposed off in the coconut pit behind the house. Later the duo disposed off the gunny sack at a river.Police have sent the ash samples collected from the pit to t to Bangalore for DNA profiling.Singh said the other remains would not be needed as they only need to establish whether the ash found at the house was that of Ashok, by comparing it with the DNA of his siblings. The couple also has a son, Eshanya,18, who is working in Bangalore.Ashok, who had served in the home guards for several years, had also worked as a security guard at a private college. He was also involved in social work and took interest in caring for orphans and exploring ways to rehabilitate them. He was also a snake catcher and his services were sought after whenever snakes were found in residential localities.Singh said that Ashok was running a private security agency and Chandravathi accused him of sending her and Ashwini as substitutes whenever employees were on leave.After Ashok went missing on December 7, 2010, Chandravathi had lodged a compliant saying that some persons had taken him and he had not returned to mislead police.The accused have been arrested under IPC Sections 302 (murder), 201 (causing disappearance of evidence) read along with 34.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12191827", "title": "National Awards: Seven stars for Marathi films", "text": "MUMBAI: The 59th National Film Awards announced on Wednesday in Delhi saw Marathi films bag seven awards in various categories. Actor Girish Kulkarni won the best actor award for his performance in Deool. The film was also adjudged the best Marathi film. Kulkarni won the award for best dialogue.\"I feel like a child who has got a chocolate in one hand and a colorful toy in the other. It feels nice to be appreciated but want our cinema to reach out to the other metros of the country. Besides Marathi filmmakers need to work their creative compulsions to bring in the audiences which is much needed\".Three Bollywood films also walked away with top honours. The Dirty Picture won three, including the best actress award for Vidya.The Dirty Picture also won for make up and costume design. Niharika Khan said, \"I became a costume designer by fluke. It was late in life and I knew I had to compete with 20 year olds but the national award, which is like a graduation degree, only gives me confidence that I can do it.\"Onir's film I Am, based on gay rights and child abuse, won the best Hindi film award. Shah Rukh Khan's Ra One was awarded for special effects. The actor tweeted, \"even when my babies win a prize at a b'day party, my chest swells with pride. Today my baby got a National Award (v f/x). I lov u Ra.One\".Chillar Party won three awards, best children film, original screenplay ( Vikas Behl and Nitish Tiwari) and best child actor. The Chillar Party kids shared the best child actor award with Partho Gupte of Stanley Ka Dabba.UTV motion picture CEO Siddharth Roy Kapur said, \"Vikas Behl and the entire cast worked really hard to make it a special film and I'm thankful to Salman Khan and Ranbir Kapoor for creating awareness about the film\". Khan also coproduced the film.Vikas Bahl won the original screenplay award. He said, \"Salim Uncle, Rajkumar Hirani Sir, Salman, Ranbir and Sohail's conviction in Chillar Party paid off, and I was waiting when I could thank them for their generosity and love. Now it's time to celebrate with my dog whose love made me make this film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12192724", "title": "Zardari Swiss graft case must be reopened: Pak SC", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's apex court ordered Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani on Thursday to write a letter to the Swiss to reopen a graft case against President Asif Ali Zardari.In its surprising order, the Supreme Court (SC) also instructed PM Gilani to file his statement by March 19 or to appear personally in the Court on March 21.The Supreme Court on Thursday iwas hearing the contempt of court case against PM Gilani. In 2003 Zardari and his late wife, Benazir Bhutto, were found guilty in absentia by a Swiss court of laundering millions of dollars in kickbacks from Swiss firms while they were in government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "gwalior", "code": "12193686", "title": "Killed IPS officer's family demands justice", "text": "GWALIOR: The father of Narendra Kumar Singh, the young IPS officer who was mowed down by an alleged member of the mining mafia, has demanded justice from the government.The government must ensure that we get justice, said the braveheart's father Keshav Dev.A 2009-batch officer Narendra Kumar Singh was posted at Banmore as Sub Divisional Officer of Police (SDOP) a month ago and had taken on the mining mafia by seizing number of trucks and tractors engaged in illegal quarrying.The 30-year-old IPS officer was crushed under the wheels of a tractor trolley driven by an alleged member of the mining mafia in Morena on Thursday. The incident occurred at Banmore at around 1pm when Kumar, who was out on patrolling in his official jeep, saw the trolley loaded with stones.Kumar signalled the driver to stop but he did not pay heed. So, he followed the vehicle, cut in and stood in front of the vehicle after getting down from his jeep.But the tractor driver, Manoj Gurjar, drove on and knocked down the officer who was crushed under the wheels.His last rites were performed in Mathura with full honours on Thursday morning.Keshav Dev has alleged that Narendra Kumar's murder was a well-planned conspiracy and the family did not receive any cooperation from the local authorities.\"It is clear that this was a well-planned conspiracy. He did not receive cooperation of the local police. He stopped vehicles carrying stones for check. Is it the work of the IPS officer, or the work of a thana-level police?\" said Keshav Dev.He said that after Narendra Kumar's death he was told that his son had died in an accident.Keshav Dev has claimed that his daughter-in-law now faces threat to her life.Kumar's wife, Madhurani Tewatia, is an IAS officer posted in Gwalior and is currently on maternity leave.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12201445", "title": "Littered roads a testimony of festivities", "text": "VARANASI: After the festive fervour and colourful celebrations reached zenith on Holi, heaps of garbage dumped along prominent roads and crossings also grew alarming, enough to give sleepless nights to the Varanasi Nagar Nigam as well as the locals. While the hangover of the festivity is likely to continue this week, the VNN office is set for an uphill task of clearing the backlog of the accumulated waste and filth as soon as possible.A number of prominent crossings and residential areas in the heart of the city were not only found to be surrounded by heaps of waste and filth on Friday, the deserted look of the vicinity a day after the festivity did not raise any hope of cleanliness and removal of waste immediately. Even, the door-to-door collection of waste and garbage from households suffered due to the festivity, enough to suggest piling up of wastes across the city.The prominent crossing of Gadaulia and nearby roads especially Gadaulia-Dasaswamedh route witnessed scattering of garbage and wastes, enough to give filthy look to foreigners and other pilgrims who thronged the area on Friday. If that was not enough, the secondary garbage collection centres in Beniabagh and Kabirchoura witnessed dumping of wastes including plastic bags and rotten parts of fruits and vegetables along the roads with wastes scattered outside these centres in the day.To make matters worse, the open drains and roadsides were also found to blocked and choked with plastic bags being thrown in them. Similarly, the conditions in residential colonies including Veerdopur, Shivpurwa (Mahmoorganj), Saket Nagar, Kabir Nagar (Durgakund) and others were not encouraging, as most of these colonies revealed filth and scattered wastes along the roads.According to Dr BK Singh, Nagar Health Officer, the sweeping of dust and removal of wastes would start on Saturday and it would gain momentum in the next week starting on Monday (March 12). \"After two off-days for Holi festivity, the door-to-door collection would also intensify in the city. To compensate for the holidays during the festivity, extra hours of cleanliness would be done to clear the backlog,\" he said.It may be mentioned here that the city generates nearly 650 metric tons (MT) of solid wastes everyday. Out of this, nearly 450 MT of wastes are collected and disposed on the outskirts, leaving 200 MT of wastes lying on the roads in exposed condition.As per reports of VNN office, over 4,000 sanitary employees are engaged in 90 wards of the city for cleanliness and sanitation. Out of this, nearly 2,000 sanitary staffers are on daily wages or contractual basis. The sanitation work is often done in shifts and rotation basis with extra hours devoted during festivities.\"Our priority at the moment is to clear the backlog of accumulated waste and work would require some time. We hope that things would normalise in the coming week with sweeping, dusting, collection and removal of wastes starting simultaneously. The choked drains are another area of concern that would attract attention in the next week,\" added the nagar health officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12192339", "title": "E-way to health: Govt bets big on telemedicine", "text": "NEW DELHI: Skype, biometrics, M-health (use of mobile phones) and E-health are all set to make an entry into India's primary health centres (PHCs) and sub-centres as the health ministry plans to go hi-tech.The steering committee on health said that in the 12th plan (2012-17), all district hospitals would be linked to leading tertiary care centres through telemedicine, Skype and similar audio visual media. M-health will be used to speed up transmission of data.India will also put in place a Citizen Health Information System (CHIS) - a biometric based health information system which will constantly update health record of every citizen-family. The system will incorporate registration of births, deaths and cause of death. Maternal and infant death reviews, nutrition surveillance, particularly among under-six children and women , service delivery in the public health system, hospital information service besides improving access of public to their own health information and medical records would be the primary function of the CHIS.The committee said in its report to the Planning Commission, \"The overarching goal is to develop a biometric-based health information system, which constantly updates health record of every citizen-family, which begins with universal vital registration, which is portable and accessible to service providers and to the families themselves. Based on this foundation, a network links all service providers, public and private laboratories and also generates the figures needed at different levels for policy making as well as generates the alerts needed for disease surveillance.\"According to the committee, CHIS will incorporate information on service delivery in the public health system helping to make evidence-based and guideline compatible clinical decisions and make morbidity and mortality profile available. This will also help estimate burden of disease and facilitate policy decisions at state and national levels.\"Placed on a GIS platform, it can identify geographic concentration of disease. The system will also provide hospital information service to improve the quality of care to patients through electronic medical records, to lower response time in emergency and improve hospital administration. It will support emergency response systems and referral transport arrangements, the organ retrieval and transplantation programme,\" it added.The ministry plans to give a big push to support telemedicine services in primary, secondary and tertiary care. Disease surveillance based on reporting by providers and clinical laboratories (public and private) to detect and act on disease outbreaks and epidemics would be an integral component of the system.\"The system will also support financial management - from resource allocation, resource transfers, accounting and utilization to financial services like making of payments to facilities, providers and beneficiaries. It will provide a platform for continuing medical education and support regulatory functions of the state by creating a nation-wide registration of clinical establishments, manufacturing units, drug testing laboratories, licensing of drugs, approval of clinical trials,\" the document added.The ministry said that states which are ready to make the transition to electronic medical records would be encouraged to do so. \"The major part of public investment in information technology in health care would go to institutional capacity building for understanding and use of information. Incurring large expenditures on hardware and software without making a matching input in capacity development and institutionalization would be an error. As part of this, every state should have the skilled human resources needed at state and district level. This would require a mix of those with IT skills and public health informatics skills. State centres for health information, either standalone, or embedded in existing institutions would be essential and district teams of three to five persons for managing information flows and interpreting information would also be essential,\" the ministry document said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12192329", "title": "Speeding taxi kills boy in Kandivli", "text": "A speeding taxi rammed into two children, killing one of them, while they were playing near their Kandivli (E) residence on Holi on Thursday. The police are yet to ascertain if the taxi driver, Nilesh Mishra (22), was driving while he was drunk but he has been arrested.The deceased, Raj Tiwari (8), was playing with water balloons and gulal with his friend, Nitin Mishra (8) at Ramkrishna society in Uttaranchal Nagar, Poisar. The driver, also a resident of Poisar, was headed home from Borivli. Raj was declared dead by doctors at a nearby hospital. Nitin sustained leg injuries and was discharged after first-aid.Nilesh was booked for causing death due to negligence, rash driving and causing hurt. A police official said, \"We have sent Mishra for a medical examination to ascertain if he was driving under the influence of alcohol or any other intoxicant.\"Truck mows down motorcyclistA truck mowed down a biker on the Western Express Highway in Kandivli (E) early on Wednesday. The truck driver, Khajappa Kelaknalli (45), a resident of Andheri (E), fled but was later nabbed and his vehicle was seized by the Samata Nagar police.Chaitanya Deshpande (25), a resident of Chikoowadi in Borivli (W), was riding his bike on the south-bound stretch of the highway around 6.45am when the truck rammed into him near Saidham temple. Deshpande sustained injuries to his head, chin, right shoulder and right knee, and succumbed to injuries at Bhagwati Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12201952", "title": "'More districts in Meghalaya soon'", "text": "SHILLONG: The state government is taking steps to create three more districts in addition to the existing seven during the course of the year, governor Ranjit Shekhar Mooshary told the assembly on the first day of the budget session on Friday.\"The government realizes the need for bring the administration closer to the people in order to lend focus to the development efforts as necessary corollary to peace and stability,\" he said.Pointing out that for 2011-12, annual plan allocation for the state is Rs 2727 crore, an increase of 18.56 per cent over the earlier year's allocation, Mooshahary said the government was committed to implementing the newly launched Integrated Basin Development and Livelihoop Promotion Programme.\"The state government has been able to steer to a marked level of financial stability and various e-governance initiatives and integrated financial management system have been made operational for processing all inputs received from the treasuries,\" he added.\"The system of government receipts and payments were simplified by implementation of the Cyber Treasury in July, 2011 and now registered dealers can pay their taxes online at any time or place,\" the government said. Mentioning that the \"assured career progression scheme\" adopted earlier has addressed the problem of stagnation in service, he said steps were being taken for creation of an employee database, including pensioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12192311", "title": "Cruise vessel calls at Mangalore port", "text": "MANGALORE: Cruise vessel M V Seabourn Legend with 190 passengers and 173 crew members called at the New Mangalore Port Trust (NMPT) on Thursday.This is the 13th cruise vessel calling at the port during the current financial year. The vessel came to NMPT as its first port of call from Indonesia and will be sailing out to Goa today evening. Majority of the passengers are from USA and UK. As many as 134 passengers opted for ground tour arranged by M/s Lia Travels, Mangalore, a local tour operator. The passengers visited places like Thousand Pillar Jain temple and monolithic statue of Bahubali at Karkala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "director", "code": "12175698", "title": "Kahaani: Movie Review", "text": "Director: Sujoy Ghosh Cast: Vidya Balan , Parambrata Chattopadhyay, Nawazuddin SiddiquiKahaani rightly lives up to its name and reinstates the fact that the core criterion for a decent film is a strong story. And if that story is in competent hands, you don't need anything else. No big stars, songs, budget or even a customary male lead. For a (pleasant) change, the script is indeed the hero here!The story is of one pregnant Vidya Bagchi (Vidya Balan) who comes to Kolkata from London in search of her husband who was in India on an assignment but suddenly went missing. There is little that the cops can do since they are unable to trace any records of her husband in the guest house, office or even airport immigration. Things take a drastic turn when Vidya learns that her husband had a lookalike and perhaps that could get him closer to her search. But soon her personal quest turns into a political conspiracy.Though Kahaani gets to the point from the very start, the actual graph in the narrative ascends when Vidya's individual search for her husband takes a bureaucratic twist, with the intelligence department coming into picture. The local affair suddenly turns into a governmental concern. The writing by Sujoy Ghosh, Advaita Kala, Suresh Nair and Nikhil Vyas is articulate and immaculate, investigating the matter gradually and building up the mystery at every step. The story explores the case systematically, credibly and logically.While the initial pacing is moderate, the proceedings pick up rapidly in the latter reels as the story gains multiple dimensions. The brisk storytelling calls for your absolute attention but the narrative has been so gripping since start that you never lose a moment. And like any good story should boast of, the actual brilliance of Kahaani comes in its climax that shall leave you spellbound. Amidst a horde of predictable plots and conventional culminations, Kahaani has one of the most impressive climaxes for a Bollywood film in recent times. The exquisite detailing in the writing adds conviction to the going-ons as the mystery unfolds at every step. In that respect, Kahaani is the kind of film that will fascinate you even more on second viewing as you would be able to notice the finer nuances in the bigger scheme of things.Amidst the few improbable or avoidable aspects in the otherwise authentic film is a young cop's over-willingness to go out of his way to unofficially escort and aid Vidya throughout her pursuit. Also his faint romantic inclination towards Vidya seems out of place. Thankfully the director refrains from stretching it into any dream song zone. In fact Sujoy Ghosh shows utmost sincerity in keeping the narrative clutter-free, sans any songs or side-tracks. Incidentally what seems to be a human drama at first glance is smartly moulded into a suspense-thriller. But at the same time there is much sensitivity in the direction to not leave it as a mere mechanical mystery tale but lend requisite heart. A dose of dark humour is wittily integrated through the track of a clerk-cum-contract killer who maintains a constant smirk while terminating his targets.Namrata Rao dexterously edits the film, never letting the viewer stray for a second. Cinematographer Setu captures the vibrant shades of the busy city of Kolkata with panache. The dialogues are crisp and effective.Kahaani essentially banks upon the prowess of Vidya Balan, one of the most blessed actresses of the times, who impresses more with every new film. She brings depth and poise to her character and adds conviction in every scene. Parambrata Chattopadhyay is charming as Vidya's cop-companion and makes for a good supporting character. Nawazuddin Siddiqui as the crude intelligence officer exudes solid screen presence and confidence. Indraneil Sengupta does well in his cameo. Several other character artists lend adequate support.Kahaani, undoubtedly, is Sujoy Ghosh's most accomplished works till date as he emerges as a skilful storyteller with the film. If story is what you seek from a film, Kahaani is a must-watch. Aami Shotti Bolchi !Verdict: Very Good", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12192435", "title": "\u2018Company secys should be aware of new laws\u2019", "text": "MYSORE: The company secretaries of those firms which have significant trade transactions globally must be aware of the new laws and regulations, said Uma Shankar, regional director, Reserve Bank of India, Bangalore, on Thursday.Uma Shankar was speaking at the workshop on foreign exchange organized by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India-Mysore chapter in association with the Foreign Exchange Department, Reserve Bank of India, Bangalore.Uma Shankar touched upon the transition from FERA to FEMA. She said liberalization under the remittance facility scheme also enjoin upon all those making use of foreign exchange responsible and accountable to the regulators and policy makers.M Palanisamy, Banking Ombudsman for Karnataka, said the Banking Ombudsman scheme was introduced by RBI in 1995 to provide inexpensive and expeditious resolution against complaints relating to deficiency in the services provided by banks.There are 24 grounds on which complaints can be preferred with the office of Banking Ombudsman.These include deposit accounts, loan products, pension payments, ATM/credit cards, levy of charges etc., Palanisamy added.Apart ftom nearly 100 company secretaries from various cities of south India, chartered accountants, industry representatives and students attended the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12191039", "title": "Woman files dowry harassment case against husband", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city police have launched a hunt for a 38-year-old man from Namakkal, who went absconding after his wife filed a dowry harassment case. While the man was identified as S Raja, his father Chengottayan and uncle Ramalingam are also on the run as their names figured in the complaint.According to the complainant P Kavitha (32) of Ranganathapuram near Sulur, she married Raja in 2005 when she was a college student. After the birth of her son, now aged six, she got an opportunity to study in the United Kingdom . Leaving her son with her parents in Sulur, she went to the UK and joined an MBA course there. She paid for her expenses working as a billing assistant in a restaurant. She became friendly with Lokanathan during her stay in London .With Lokanathan's help, Kavitha managed to get her husband and son over to the UK. As Raja could not find any work, he stayed home and looked after their son. Life went on smoothly until Raja started doubting his wife's fidelity, especially her close friendship with Lokanathan. He physically abused her, accusing her of infidelity.Unable to bear the trauma, Kavitha lodged a complaint with the Forest Gate police in the UK. Acting on her complaint, police arrested and jailed Raja, apart from seizing his visa and passport. Following extreme family pressure, Kavitha withdrew her complaint against Raja facilitating his release.After completing her course, Kavitha returned to her Sulur residence and Raja went to his native Namakkal. Kavitha later learnt that Raja had withdrawn 1,500 pounds from her bank account without her knowledge using her ATM card. Raja possessed 20 Indian cheque leaves signed by Kavitha and he soon started troubling her by saying that he would get her implicated in a cheque fraud case. Taking advantage of the situation, Chengottayan and Ramalingam demanded Rs 20 lakh as dowry from Kavitha, in exchange for the signed cheque leaves she had given her husband.Kavitha first approached all-woman police station in Pollachi and as directed by officials there, she filed a second petition with all-woman police station in Perur in the city on Wednesday. Police have registered the case and formed a special team to nab the three, who are on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12196401", "title": "Multifaceted management", "text": "Ashit Ranjan, vice-president-HR, Tecnova, on management consulting as a challenging career optionA career in management consulting is essentially about assisting clients in obtaining information, analysing situations and offering advice that leads to problem solutions. A career in this field can range from being a sole practitioner, working in a boutique, to opportunities in large global consultancies that have worldwide operations. Consulting jobs offer intellectually stimulating work and expose individuals to challenging situations with clients across various industries.Industry statusGlobally, consulting is approximately a US$ 280 billion industry. Of this, over 60% of the business is centred in the US. As per current market predictions, the market for consulting services will grow at a CAGR of four to six percent over the next three to five years. There is a growing demand for consulting services in the emerging markets too, which will fuel the growth of global consulting companies.Growth areasNew and specialised niche areas of consulting like sustainability and environment consulting, cloud computing and social media consulting are likely to grow in the near future. Companies in industries like energy, manufacturing, utilities and healthcare will continue to seek consulting services. There is a growing trend of boutique consulting companies offering specialised services to clients. Consulting services are also foreseen to be engaged with clients over longer periods of time and being more relationship-driven as it helps companies to monitor the results of the implementation of their recommendations.Skill-setsConsulting companies hire from general graduate colleges as well as from premier B-schools and engineering colleges. Apart from academic excellence, these companies look for strong communication skills, critical thinking, confidence, ability to learn quickly and the ability to develop and maintain relationships. For experienced people, companies also look at project management and people management skills.RemunerationAs far as freshers are concerned, salaries can range between five and seven lakh per-annum for general graduates. Freshers from B-schools and engineering colleges can expect anywhere between rupees six and 10 lakh per-annum.Consulting companies adopt a performance-based approach to compensation - better the performance, higher the compensation. Double digit (12%- 25%) compensation increases are common for high performers. Incentives and bonuses in addition to fixed compensation are also common in the industry. .Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12202065", "title": "8.4 MW wind power project in Saurashtra soon", "text": "SURAT: Encouraged by past success, Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has taken one more initiative to go green and set up another wind power project of 8.4 MW.The windmill project to come up in coastal area of Saurashtra or Kutch will cost the civic body Rs 63 crore, but once commissioned within a year, will give 1.58 crore units of electricity. This is nearly 11 per cent of the total power consumption of the civic body.Talking to TOI, lights and fire committee chairman G C Gopani said, \"We have approved the estimate of Rs 52.08 crore for the construction and Rs 10.65 crore for the operation and maintenance of the windmill for a period of 10 years.\"The unit will produce 1.76 crore units of power of which SMC will be able to use or get credit for 1.58 crore units after deducting 10 per cent loss. \"We plan to commission this before March 2013,\" Gopani said.SMC is planning to use the credit from generation of power from this project in the expenses of Katargam water works and water distribution centres services. It is the first civic body to have two of its windmills operational at Odedar in Porbandar district generating electricity up to 1.5 megawatt each.Apart from wind power, civic body has started programmes to generate power from solar energy.Main office at Mughal Sarai and the Science Centre will also be equipped with solar power generating units by the end of the year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12191413", "title": "CBI scrambles to keep Acharya in jail", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI is set to appear before the special court on Friday over fears that BP Acharya may walk free unless the investigative agency manages to secure Central sanction to prosecute the IAS officer in the Emaar scam.At its last hearing, special judge B Nagamaruthi Sarma made it clear to CBI that unless it had obtained permission before the next hearing, he would not hesitate to discharge Acharya in the Emaar scam. The IAS officer is currently lodged at Chanchalguda Jail following his January 30 arrest.Bureau sources said that they had sought permission from the department of personnel and training (DoPT) a day after they arrested the officer in the Emaar scam. DoPT sources, however, claimed that it was CBI which had goofed up by having failed to secure, first, the state government's approval before approaching Centre.For its part, CBI is contending that the powerful IAS lobby is working in Acharya's favour and delaying permission so that the officer is discharged in the Emaar case.It is essential for CBI to obtain Central sanction under section 19 of the prevention of corruption Act to prosecute officials who have been booked under the Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12198299", "title": "'My wife makes me work hard at home'", "text": "Mukesh Ambani gets candid on his household chores, the tags attached to his name and more ...He has an endearing smile, which comes straight from the heart, even when he politely refuses to answer questions related to his company and the forthcoming budget. But, Mukesh Ambani is more than willing to speak about the youngsters. We caught up with the man, who rules the stock markets...The magic mantraMukesh is a role model for many Indian youngsters, who aspire to write their names on the clean slate of new India. Ask him what's that one magic mantra, which can catapult an ordinary youngster to his league, and the man replies with great simplicity: \"When I was 25, I didn't have so many opportunities, which the youngsters today have. So, they must make maximum use of these. This century will be India's century! Success is not anyone's legacy, you can achieve what you want if you really put your heart and soul into it!\"'I'm a simple man'Modest he might be, but the world at large sees him as a topnotch business tycoon. But, the million dollar question is how does he see himself? \"I am a simple man. I never bother about the tags that the world gives me. For me, life is all about taking my father's vision forward. And that is what matters most! I only see myself trying to fulfil that dream of my father,\" says he.Her majesty's rule!If Mukesh has taken his father's dream to greatest heights in a short span, his wife Nita Ambani has also thrown her might behind her man, lending complete support to his dreams. Does he really find time for some household chores like so many other ordinary fathers and husbands? Mukesh replies with a laugh: \"Oh, I have a strong wife, who makes me work hard. In fact, Nita makes sure that I teach the kids every day! So, there's no escaping my home chores!\"Dream educationHe has money, fame and riches. But, is there a dream that still remains unfulfilled? \"It saddens me when I see Indian universities featuring nowhere in the top 100 list. I really want to do something in this direction,\" says he.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12196250", "title": "Strict action against those responsible for violence: Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party leader Akhilesh Yadav has promised strict action against those responsible for violence in Uttar Pradesh in the aftermath of party's historic win in the assembly elections.Addressing media, Akhilesh said he will not hesitate to throw out trouble mongers from the party and ensure that action is taken against them.Akhilesh, however, blamed the officers of Mayawati regime for the violence in the state.The officers loyal to the previous regime know that they would face the axe once the new government is sworn in and hence they are trying to tarnish the image of the Samajwadi Party, he said.I have told all my party workers to respect the law, stay polite and calm even if other parties try to instigate or provoke them, Akhilesh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12190973", "title": "Programme of Konkani songs on DD", "text": "Goa Doordarshan will telecast a programme of Konkani songs on March 9 between 6pm and 8pm. The singers include Young Marceline, Custodio Cabral, Alvito Araujo, Terrence Rodrigues, Walter de Uccasaim, Livia D'Silva, Dorothy and Ezilda. The music will be provided by Agnelo Dias (trumpet), Luis Cotta (saxophone), Rabin D'Pietro (keyboards), Jeffrey D'Souza (bass) and Xavier de Moira (drums). The programme is produced by C Lopes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "new delhi/gwalior", "code": "12195895", "title": "IPS officer's killing: MP govt orders judicial inquiry; Digvijaya alleges CM involved in illegal mining", "text": "NEW DELHI/GWALIOR: With the brutal killing of young IPS officer Narendra Kumar evoking strong reactions across the country, the Madhya Pradesh government has said that the culprits responsible for the officer's death would not be spared.Stung by the brutal murder of IPS officer Narendra Kumar by the 'mining mafia', Madhya Pradesh government on Friday ordered a judicial inquiry into the circumstances that led to the incident in Morena district on Thursday.\"We have decided to opt for a judicial inquiry by a judge to be appointed in consultation with the state high court,\" chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan announced after a meeting with top officials, including of mining department, at the state secretariat to take stock of the situation arising out of the killing of young IPS officer Narendra Kumar.Disagreeing with the perception that \"mining mafia\" is active in Madhya Pradesh, Chouhan said the state government has been taking action from time to time against illegal mining. \"The Morena incident took place when the police team, led by Narendra Kumar, was trying to take action against illegal stone quarry,\" he said, adding \"We are taking action against all such illegal activities and it would continue further.\"Referring to criticism that the local police did not cooperate when the young IPS officer, who was posted as sub-divisional office police at Bamor and went ahead to take action against those involved in illegal stone mining and transportation, the chief minister quipped, \"the IPS officer himself was part of the local police.\"Narendra Kumar was killed on Thursday when a tractor-trolley, suspected to be laden with illegally-quarried stones, ran over him when he tried to stop it in Madhya Pradesh's Morena district.Meanwhile, Congress leader Digvijaya Singh blamed the state chief minister Shivraj Singh Chauhan for the thriving mining mafia in the state. He condoled the death of the brave officer and reached out to his family.\"I covey my heartfelt grievance to the family of young IPS officer and his wife who is in last stage of pregnancy ... my heart goes out to her. She was the circle officer in my district, where I have been MP. She incurred the wrath of BJP MLA and was transferred out of Rajgarh district,\" the former chief minister of Madhya Pradesh said.Targeting the BJP government in the state, Digvijaya said illegal mining was rampant in Madhya Pradesh and, starting from the chief minister down to the BJP cadres, all were involved.\"Morena is known for its sand and stone quarries. Why had this not been auctioned... this needs to be inquired into. I have requested the chief minister to set up a judicial inquiry for my and his tenure and we should go into leases granted under my and Shivraj Singh's tenure,\" he said.\"There is ample evidence to prove that the chief minister's family is involved in the illegal mining. We have got proof that number of people including BJP MLAs, MPs and influential people are involved in mining activity in open connivance of BJP leadership,\" he said.Digvijaya Singh said the state government was losing massive revenue as these quarries were not being auctioned and leased.Lashing out at state home minister Uma Shanker Gupta for his statement that Narendra Kumar's death was an accident, he said: \"I profoundly condemn the inhumane statement of the home minister calling it an accident and not a deliberate murder.\"Janata Dal-United (JD-U) leader Sharad Yadav also called for strict action against the culprits involved in the killing.\"I have raised the issue of illegal mining in the state before. Both BJP and Congress leaders are looting the natural resources in the state. The Madhya Pradesh government should take immediate and strict action against the culprits,\" he said.(With inputs from IANS)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12197122", "title": "Budget 2012: Focus on farm sector productivity, not subsidy in Budget, says M&M;", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expressing concern over slowdown in industrial sectors connected with agriculture, auto major Mahindra &amp; Mahindra (M&M;) today said the government must focus on increasing farm sector productivity rather than increasing subsidies for sustenance in the upcoming Budget.\"In the last 3-4 months, the growth in tractor industry has been very slow. In fact, during the last two months there has been de-growth in the industry\", M&M; President (President, Automotive &amp; Farm Equipment Sectors) Pawan Goenka said.\"That's not just for the tractor industry, everything that is connected to agri. There is a concern right now with the farm prices being under pressure,\" he added.Calling for a long term solution, Goenka said, \"...the focus has to be on increasing productivity rather than increasing subsidies for sustenance\" in the upcoming Budget.Therefore, any focus on mechanisation, water conservation or anything to do with micro irrigation or crop care will have positive impact on the industry and positive longer term impact on rural economy and agriculture, he added.Goenka said the finance minister will have to do something on the rural side, \"whether it is increasing subsidies or some other measure\".Commenting on the proposed 'diesel tax' in the automotive sector, he said: \"If there is any tax that comes on diesel vehicles, it will not move demand from diesel to petrol, but it will slow down the industry which has already had a difficult year in 2011\".He further said such a tax can impact some of M&M;'s expansion plans.\"We may slow down some investments we had planned on the basis of certain assumptions. Thus, we have to wait and see what actually happens to the volume growth,\" Goenka said.Opposing the diesel tax, he said: \"We are of the view that the government should raise diesel prices to market-based pricing, encourage replacement of petrol by diesel and there by save on oil import bill\".On the prospect of CENVAT being increased by 2 per cent, he said the auto industry was hoping that it will remain the same as 2011 was not best of the year and 2012 also appears to be a difficult year.\"Though we (auto sector) are not expecting to get any stimulus in this Budget because of the current tight fiscal situation, I would hope there is no discouraging factors that come in the Budget such as increase in CENVAT duty,\" he said.Goenka said if there were to be any such increase, it would be passed on to consumers immediately.\"Any change in tax rate, whether its CENVAT duty or whether its diesel tax, if it happens, which will be unfortunate, we will have to pass it on. There is absolutely no two ways about it,\" he said.Budget News 2012Pre Budget 2012Rail Budget 2012Budget 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "vadodara/bharuch", "code": "12202198", "title": "12 drown in Narmada, two in Dhadhar on Dhuleti", "text": "VADODARA/BHARUCH: At least 14 people died in separate incidents of drowning across the state on Thursday after they entered Narmada and Dhadhar rivers to take bath after celebrating Dhuleti.Eight people - five from the same family - belonged to Vadodara city. While six drowned in river Narmada, the other two lost their lives in river Dhadhar in Dabhoi. Two residents of Surat, too, drowned in river Narmada at Nareshwar.The deceased of the same family have been identified as Atul Shah, Nilay Shah, Ami Shah, Dinesh Shah and Shreya Shah, all residents of Waghodia Road.Two persons, who drowned in river Dhadhar on the outskirts of Dabhoi taluka on Thursday, were identified as Manish Jaiswal and Vikesh Patel. They were residents of Dabhoi and their bodies were later fished out.Four persons from Bharuch district lost life their lives in two different incidents of drowning in Narmada. Three deceased could be identified. They were Amit Parmar (17), Prakesh Katariya (18) and Sachin Gohil (21). In another incident, a youth drowned in Narmada near Kabirwad in Mangleshwar village of Bharuch. Fire fighters from Bharuch nagarpalika recovered his body after two hours of the incident. He is yet to be identified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12191269", "title": "Car rape victim identifies trio", "text": "KOLKATA: The Park Street car-rape victim has identified all the three accused - Naser Khan, Ruman Khan and Sumit Bajaj - at the Presidency correctional home.Sources said that apart from the victim, another lady, who was at the nightclub on that night and had noticed the accused, was also present.The lady, who hails from east Kolkata, had contacted the Kolkata police and volunteered to help.Two other men, who were employees of the night club were also present at the identification parade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12190932", "title": "Easy day: Class 12 students sail through language papers", "text": "CHENNAI: Class 12 students heaved a sigh of relief on Thursday as the language papers turned out to be easy. As many as 7.06 lakh students in the state took their first higher secondary board exam.\"There were no tricky questions. Even students who did not perform well during the revision tests said they would score more than 60% marks. My Tamil teachers said this was the easiest paper so far,\" said principal and correspondent of Zion Group of Schools N Vijayan. Around 1,280 students, including 120 from other schools, sat for the exam at Zion School.Usually, the syllabus is changed every five years. However, this was sixth year in a row that the board exam question papers were set on the same syllabus, resulting in few surprises for students. It is common for students to familiarize themselves with the question papers of board exams over the last five years. Teachers were also of the view that more often than not a significant percentage of the questions are repeated from the previous years' papers.Other papers like Hindi, French, Sanskrit and Telugu were also unexpectedly easy, students said. \"Most of the questions were taken from the textbook. Usually, there are a couple of questions from outside the syllabus, but not this time,\" said Kiran Raj, a Class 12 student, who wrote the French exam.The Sanskrit paper was easier than last year. \"With predictable questions in the grammar section, students expect to get the full 26 marks. Students said they faced no difficulties in other sections of the paper as well,\" said Usha Sasidharan, who teaches Sanskrit for higher secondary students at Kaligi Ranganathan Montfort Matriculation Higher Secondary School in Perambur.Though the Tamil paper was easy, some teachers said the results might vary. \"There are several exam centres for Tamil in each district compared to only one or two for the other languages. The answer script evaluation depends on the instructions from the superintendent. This could vary from centre to centre and person to person,\" said a school head declining to be named.Three cases of exam malpractice in Villupuram came to light on Thursday, in which two regular students and one private student were caught.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12191610", "title": "Celebrations go awry in Tivim", "text": "MAPUSA: Mapusa police on Wednesday registered a complaint against supporters newly-elected Tivim BJP MLA Kiran Khandolkar for allegedly threatening the supporter of former Tivim MLA Nilkanth Halarnkar and abusing him with filthy language.The complainant, Robert Colaco from Tivim and a close supporter of Halarnkar, has stated that supporters of newly-elected Kiran Khandolkar targeted his family while celebrating their victory. Colaco has compliant that after the results on Tuesday evening , around 150 supporters of Khandolkar came to the football ground at Tivim and started firing crackers. After some time they began to fire crackers within his compound.When Colaco requested them not to do so they went ahead and threw live fire crackers on Colaco's wife, son and daughter who were present in the house. After that supporters barged into the compound of Colaco, threatened him and abused him with filthy language. Colaco then filed a police complaint. Police said that further investigations are in progress and they are trying to identify the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12190552", "title": "CCIL to hire 25,000 people by April", "text": "KOCHI: Six-month-old Chemmanur Credits and Investments Ltd (CCIL), a non-banking finance company (NBFC), is planning to hire 25,000 people at its nascent sales division within a month to market its products aggressively in the state.The new sales vertical will be inaugurated on March 10 by Kerala minister for labour Baby John, said Boby Chemmanur, chairman of the Boby Chemmanur International Group in Kochi on Wednesday.The company has thus far recruited 1,200 sales managers. The new sales officers will work under the sales managers for a training period extending to six months on a commission basis.\"We will review their performance after the training period and promote them as sales managers on the basis of merit. The new sales vertical of CCIL will primarily help us market two products of the company - Bhadram, a loan for buying gold, and loans granted against mortgaged gold,\" said T K Thomas, CEO of the company.\"Sixty branches are already functional and 100 more locations in Kerala have been earmarked for new branches in MarchWe will expand our branch network all over India and provide more employment opportunities in the process,\" Thomas said.CCIL has achieved revenues of Rs 250 crore till date, and is targeting a top line of Rs 2,000 crore in its first year of its operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12202177", "title": "MSU to house Gujarat's first nuclear accelerator facility", "text": "VADODARA: M S University will house Gujarat's only nuclear accelerator facility which will be set up at a cost of Rs 20 crore.The facility is aimed to promote high quality accelerator based interdisciplinary research in pure and applied sciences like nuclear physics, materials science, biology, medical physics, environmental science, agriculture and geology among others. University Grants Commission (UGC) is funding the project for which land will be provided by MSU.Professor emeritus with UGC and former chairman and coordinator of the Center of Advance Studies in Physics at Panjab University, Chandigarh, Professor I M Govil will be visiting MSU for two days to study the feasibility of land where the facility can come up.\"We will be showing professor Govil the land available with us at Sama in the city and at Water Resources Engineering &amp; Management Institute (WREMI) at our Samiala campus. If found feasible, the nuclear accelerator facility will come up at either of the locations, if not our university will approach Gujarat government seeking land for this facility,\" dean of MSU's faculty of science professor Nikhil Desai told mediapersons on Friday.During his visit, professor Govil will deliver a talk on the proposed nuclear accelerator and its application on multidisciplinary field.It is meant to set up a dedicated fast neutron beam facility for interdisciplinary research using neutrons, to carry out environmental pollution work using Proton Induced X-Ray Emission (PIXE) and Neutron Activation Analysis (NAA) techniques, to support R&D; activities, to provide skilled manpower for neutrons related work as per future need of the nuclear energy sector of the country and to enhance the teaching program and to provide exposure and hands on training on accelerator based research activities to young students.\"Since 1970s, through the Indo-US pact large numbers of small energy nuclear accelerators were installed at number of places in the country. Later on, Variable Energy Cyclotron Accelerator at Kolkata came into existence for light ion acceleration. After that, two heavy ion high energy nuclear accelerators were set up at the Inter University Accelerator Centre, New Delhi, and another at Bhabha Atomic Research Centre -- the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research,\" said professor N L Singh from MSU's department of physics.\"Government of India is now planning to set up five nuclear accelerators in five states including Gujarat. For Gujarat, MSU has been selected for setting up this facility. UGC will be providing all the funding for this facility which will cater to the need of accelerator in this region (Gujarat, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh),\" said Singh.Once the facility becomes functional, students from Gujarat will not have to approach centres based in metros.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12191512", "title": "Fire safety violations winked at", "text": "HYDERABAD: Though there is a provision in the Fire Services Act to prosecute those who violate fire safety rules, the AP State Disaster Response and Fire Services department is going slow on prosecution of the errant builders.Though 338 multi-storied buildings were declared 'unsafe' in 2007 itself by the AP Fire Services, only 140 builders were booked and prosecution launched against them.Apart from this, another 460 high-rises, including hospitals and hotels, do not have final No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the Fire Services and many of them do not have proper fire-fighting equipment.However, the department has not initiated any action against them except slapping notices on builders.For construction of multi-storied buildings (15 metres and above for commercial and 18 metres and above for residential buildings) builders have to get a provisional NOC along with the Airports Authority of India ( AAI) approval before applying for permission from the civic body. After completing the construction, the builder/owner should get a final NOC from the Fire Services department. Fire officials visit the site and check whether the builder has provided fire safety measures as per rules before issuing an NOC. The NOC is to be renewed every year. If builders fail to comply with fire safety rules even after repeated notices, builders could be prosecuted under section 31 of the AP Fire Services Act, 1999. However, the Fire Services department is selectively enforcing the Act only in certain cases saying they do not have sufficient manpower and legal wing to take it up.Official sources said 376 high-rises had taken provisional NOC between 1985 and 2007 from the Fire Services. Of them, only 38 builders had taken final NOC after putting in place fire safety equipment.Another 700 high-rises were granted provisional NOC between 2007 and 2010, but less than 50 buildings have complied with all fire safety norms and have taken final NOC. Of the total buildings, 460 high-rises, including nearly 200 hotels and hospitals, have come up in Greater Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12191317", "title": "Govt\u2019s hard stand cost officer his life: MP minister", "text": "BHOPAL: After being knocked down by a vehicle belonging to the mining mafia in Banmur, Madhya Pradesh, on Thursday, IPS officer Narendra Kumar was reportedly dragged under the tractor's wheels for 50 metres. The vehicle then overturned, leaving Kumar's body buried beneath the stone boulders. The profusely bleeding officer was rushed to Sahara Hospital in Gwalior but was declared dead on arrival.Home minister Gupta later bemoaned the fact that the government had lost a good officer to the mafia on account of having taken a very hard stand against illegal mining. \"The police had been ordered to check illegal mining, and Narendra Kumar was following those orders,\" he said. However, the Opposition Congress in the state isn't buying the government's line. \"We have been repeatedly raising the issue of illegal mining both inside and outside the state assembly,\" said Ajay Singh, Congressman and leader of the Opposition. \"But this is being carried out under the protection of the BJP government. Mining secretary S K Mishra is also the CM's secretary. Whether it is illegal mining of sand, stones or mineral ores, it is all happening under political protection.\"Singh added that it was significant that Thursday's gruesome incident happened within the Lok Sabha constituency area of BJP national general secretary Narendra Singh Tomar. \"Without political protection, no one has the moral courage to brutally kill a police officer in full public view,\" he said. \"This betrays the total law-and-order failure in the state. We demand the resignation of home minister Uma Shankar Gupta and a CBI probe into the incident.\"According to DGP Dubey, Narendra Kumar was a policeman who could face up to hard challenges and was thus posted to the Chambal areas. His wife, Madhurani Tevatiya, is an IAS officer posted as additional collector, Gwalior. She is presently on maternity leave and was in New Delhi at the time of the incident. Kumar's distraught family has alleged that his death was a cold, calculated murder as he was working against the stone mafia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12191592", "title": "Malladi Subamma donates Rs 36 lakh to University of Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Malladi Subamma, a city-based writer and feminist donated Rs 36 lakh to Centre for Women's Studies, University of Hyderabad, on the occasion of Women's Day on Thursday. The contribution was made towards construction of a new building for the centre located on HCU campus.A rationalist and humanist, Subamma, has been elected to head the AP Rationalist Association several times. She also has about 110 books and 500 articles on women's issues to her credit. She has acted in films too. Rekha Pandey, coordinator of the centre, said, \"It is not that she comes from a very rich business class family but that she could take this decision speaks volumes about her commitment to the cause of women.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12196431", "title": "Inspiring Track Record", "text": "A trained engineer, an entrepreneur, a triathlete and the first and the only Asian to compete at the Ultraman (endurance race) held in Canada in 2009, Anu Vaidyanathan believes that life is about endurance. She talks to Madhavi Gosukonda about her passion in sportsFrom being a student who cycled to school, Anu Vaidyanathan has come a long way, both professionally and personally. She currently runs a company, PatNMarks, which specialises in Intellectual Property Consulting. Vaidyanathan did a PhD in record time of 26 months from the University of Canterbury in Electrical Engineering. She has served as a member of faculty at the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Ropar and Indian Institute of Management (IIM), Ahmedabad. She talks about her passion in sportsQ- How did you make the transition into endurance sports?Making the transition has to be gradual. I spent hours playing outdoors in school and participated in swimming, running and cycling in college. My transition into endurance sports has been over a period of 10 years. One needs dedication and intensive training before joining marathon events. The duration varies from person to person. You need to respect what your body is telling you and not push it beyond its limit.Q- What was the biggest difficulty you faced as a sportswoman?I think the biggest challenge is the stereotypes that sportswomen face. A swimming coach once told me to get married when I raised concerns about partitioning the length of a swimming pool to segregate men and women. We need to be able to step out of stereotypes which is entirely upto us.Q- What does your typical day look like?I wake up by 6 am and do a short workout. After that I eat and then do some work, or prepare for my classes. Then I do the second workout after which I eat again if I feel like. Then I take some rest or work. My third workout is in the evening before 7.30 especially if there is a competition coming up. I sleep early.Q- What is the next competition you intend to participate in?The next competition is in May in racing and then the Ironman in July.Q- Athletics is a costly passion. How does the common man fund it?Ultimately, our dreams are what we are and we must find a way to support it. One must get a job - one that you enjoy and which can fund your passion. I know there are those who are worse off than I am, but even those athletes will tell you that things turn up --- races, competitions and jobs that helped them to keep going. Let your track record speak for you. Money and funding will come afterwards. Aspiring athletes need to get rid of excuses.Q- What can be done to nurture more athletics?Lesser autos to encourage people to walk, clearing traffic from some roads for two hours in the early morning for walkers, no parking zones so people get an afternoon workout. But you cannot impose it on everyone. People need to make healthy choices on their own; nobody can do it for them.One book that you would like to recommend to aspiring athletes.One book that always inspires me (among many) is 'Once a Runner' by John L. Parker Jr. I have read it eight times. It is a cult book. Reading it motivates me to train.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12202123", "title": "A peek into royal Gaekwad family's rich history is just a click away", "text": "VADODARA: The rare video of Maharaja Sayajirao III showing his back to King George V during 1911 Delhi Durbar and his stunning collection of swanky cars like Bentleys and Rolls Royce are just a click away.The royal Gaekwad family on Friday launched a first-of-its-kind website that has extensive information on the royal family and the city's history. The website has been prepared to celebrate Sayajirao's 150th birth anniversary that falls on March 11.Maharaja Ranjitsinh Gaekwad logged on to the website at the Durbar Hall in Laxmi Vilas Palace during the unveiling ceremony in the presence of family members and some eminent citizens. Though, there are number of websites talk about the royal Gaekwads none of them have authentic and comprehensive facts. Material and photographs for preparing the website were provided by scion of royal Gaekwad family Samarjitsinh Gaekwad. A team of dedicated people, including some from the Gaekwad family, worked overtime to put the website together ahead of March 11.\"The website was prepared within seven weeks.\" Samarjitsinh said. \"My aim was to reach out to people and recount important aspects of the city's history. We receive about 50,000 visitors at Laxmi Vilas Palace every year, for whom the facility of audio tour is also available. We will keep uploading more information on the website in future,\" Samarjitsinh added.Also, in a first, three books written on Sayajirao and royal Gaekwads have been uploaded on the website. Citizens can download the books for free. \"We thought uploading the books would be better than reprinting them all over again,\" he said.Samarjitsinh explained. People can learn about the history of Baroda state, Sayajirao's life, royal jewellery and even see pictures of the glitzy cars owned by them on the website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12202148", "title": "GPCB slaps notice to VMC over polluted Sursagar", "text": "VADODARA: The Gujarat Pollution Control Board (GPCB) has issued a notice to Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) over the pollution in Sursagar. The GPCB has asked the civic body to submit a detailed plan explaining what the VMC plans to do to take care of the situation even as the Congress has sought legal action against the civic body from the GPCB.Sources said the GPCB dug up its own data to get an insight into the situation at the historical pond after the recent report by TOI regarding high levels of pollutants. It was after this that the issue was discussed at the board and the notice was issued. Incidentally, the notice was issued on the very day when VMC has holding a meeting to draw up a plan for taking care of the pollution in the reservoir.GPCB regional officer R B Trivedi confirmed that the notice was issued to the civic body on Wednesday. \"We have compiled the data we had regarding Sursagar. This has also been sent to our head office to seek their guidance in the matter. In the meantime, we have issued a notice to VMC,\" Trivedi said.The GPCB has asked the civic body to immediately ensure that no sewage or drainage flows into the pond. \"For the longer run, we have asked the civic body to prepare a plan for the reservoir and also asked it to do dredging and cleaning in the pond,\" Trivedi added.City Congress unit president Narendra Ravat, meanwhile, submitted a memorandum to the GPCB demanding action against VMC. \"We have sought action against the VMC officials under the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act 1974,\" said Ravat, adding that the party would in the coming days announce an agitation programme over the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12202150", "title": "MCD poll: 115 proposals cleared", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a last minute attempt to tap approximately 40 lakh migrant voters in the city, the BJP-led Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) passed a record 115 proposals in one sitting on Friday barring one - giving priority to domicile of Delhi for jobs in the municipal body.The lone proposal move by the municipal commissioner was aimed to reserve 85% of all municipal jobs for domicile of Delhi. It was referred back to appointment committee. In defence of the move Leader of the House Subhash Arya said, \"We have cleared all other proposals but we didn't clear this one proposal as we want everyone living in Delhi to be given equal priority.\"This might sound convincing for the saffron leadership considering the crucial role that the migrants, particularly Poovanchalis, would play in ensuing civic poll. With BJP failing to wrest power in the capital in the last assembly election despite a strong anti-incumbency wave against Sheila Dikshit , this time the party is taking no risk.Even in the last general elections, there was a major shift of migrant voters to Congress camp that had resulted wipe out of BJP in the Lok Sabha election. Ironically, Congress strategically fielding Mahabal Mishra, a native of Bihar, had sealed the fate of his BJP rival Jagdish Mukhi from West Delhi Lok Sabha constituency.Now with the corporation being divided in three parts, political observers feel migrant voters from UP, Bihar and Uttarakhand in trans-Yamuna and western parts of the city, the BJP has to woo these electorates.Earlier, the BJP had taken several initiatives to woo the Poorvanchali voters by declaring Chhath - a popular festival of worshipping Sun God in Bihar and eastern UP - as a gazetted holiday. But it was turned down by Delhi government citing legal limitations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12191206", "title": "Hunt on for mother who killed child", "text": "TRICHY: The Trichy police are on the lookout for 21-year-old Mariam, who is suspected by the police of having murdering her two-year-old daughter, Noorul Shiba by stuffing her inside an empty paint tin.Mariam's husband, Soukat Ali has given a complaint to the Ariyamangalam police, who have launched a frantic search for his wife. The battered body of the child had been concealed on the loft of her house after she was killed on Tuesday.Assistant commissioner V R Srinivasan, said that initial investigation pointed the needle of suspicion to her alleged relationship with another man, and the complete truth would surface only after nabbing both of them.Srinivasan said that the child had been bludgeoned to death. The body was handed over to the relatives after the postmortem. A source said that Mariam was not educated and she would not flee too far. Police strongly suspect the role of her relatives as well as they were not cooperating in the investigation. Until late on Thursday night, Mariam was untraceable.Srinivasan said that three police teams had been formed to nab Mariam. Police also searched the houses of her relatives with the hope that she might have taken refuge with her alleged lover in one of the houses. One of the police teams has also gone to Thanjavur pursuing a particular lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12192424", "title": "A sober man who loves wild life", "text": "BANGALORE: From being someone who enjoyed the great outdoors for leisure to becoming a staunch advocate for wildlife conservation, Rahul Dravid's astute approach is not limited to just his batting.Described by hisfriends - who also share his passion - as being more pragmatic than most of his peers when it comes to understanding some of the more difficult facts of wildlife conservation, Dravid could well follow in the footsteps of Anil Kumble in a journey that began way back in 1997.\"It was that year that Rahul, Anil and the boys came forward to lend their image to help save the tiger which was under threat of extinction due to poaching,\" said former Ranji cricketer R Ananth of the advertisement campaign by NGO Wildlife First. \"This saw the cricketers talk about conservation,\" he said.The campaign, which was aired on wildlife channels for nearly a year, became the first instance of any celebrity sportsperson speaking for wildlife conservation. It got the attention of corporate houses which began to take the issue seriously. \"Anil became serious about the issue after his retirement and while Rahul has been busy all these years, I am sure he is keen to do something,\" said Ananth, who has travelled with the duo to Kabini and Nagarhole. \"Both Rahul and Anil gained a lot of knowledge during these trips. They saw how forests were shrinking and the problems faced at the grassroots by people living in these areas and habitat loss of wildlife,\" he said.\"Rahul would often go out on foot to read animal tracks,\" recalled wildlife conservationist Krishna \"KP\" Prasad, a friend of Dravid who has encouraged the batsman's involvement in conservation. \"I wouldn't say he looked at conservation as a losing battle but as a challenging one. Much like he is on the cricket pitch, he is very astute off it too,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12191589", "title": "Holi revelry in city touches a new high", "text": "HYDERABAD: A thick blanket of radiant hues covered the streets of Hyderabad on Thursday as dozens of revellers from across the twin cities stepped out to celebrate the festival of colours with much fervour. Right from the morning hours, Hyderabadis - both young and old - were seen greeting each other with the many colours of 'gulal' and indulging in numerous festivities. Be it the narrow bylanes of residential pockets or the star hotels dotting the city's plush localities, all were packed with enthusiasts ringing in Holi amidst great fanfare.In fact, the celebrations, that observers say had mellowed down significantly over the last few years, touched a new high this time around with private parties flooding almost all city corners. A riot of bright colours also broke out in many clubs and parks where people gathered in large numbers to celebrate the festival. From Begum Bazaar to Banjara Hills and from Shamshabad to Sainikpuri, the scene was much the same. \"There were not less than 1,000 people who had gathered to play Holi and bite into some fine delicacies here. I have personally not seen such large-scale celebrations in Hyderabad before,\" said a reveller, who along with his gang of 40 friends, participated in a gala party at a star hotel in the heart of the city. The rising number of entrants also pushed the rates of these five-star events through the roof with most charging anywhere between Rs 2,500 and Rs 4,000 per couple.\"People don't really mind the budget as long as they get to have some good fun,\" said event organiser Priyanka Ganeriwal Allahabadi, who had her hands full on Thursday, thanks to the multiple house parties people held for their families and friends. \"Most of these people spent Rs 20,000 and above to organise these gatherings ,\" Allahabadi added.In Old City too, celebrations continued throughout the day with residents pouring onto the streets to splash each other with 'gulal' and water colours. In fact, the Holi party here began on Wednesday afternoon itself as traders and businessmen went from one shop to the other greeting their fellow shopkeepers.With revellers in high spirits, small vendors selling colours, 'pichkaris' and even 'bhaang', were seen doing brisk business all through Thursday.Pushcarts loaded with 'gulal' dotted every nook and corner and had residents queueing up to grab their share.\"Since Wednesday we have half a dozen vendors lining up along the street selling colours. Till Thursday afternoon customers thronged these carts to buy 'gulal',\" said Priya Raghunath, a student from Sainikpuri.Meanwhile, six cases of bhang overdose were reported at Apollo Hospitals, Jubilee Hills. Hospital authorities said that the patients were under observation and were scheduled to be discharged on Thursday itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12192192", "title": "The music fades away", "text": "Noted music director Ravi, who was ailing and in hospital for some time, passed away on Wednesday due to cardiac arrest. He was 86.Simplicity defined the style of this composer whose songs Lata Mangeshkar had once aptly defined as \"sweet and straight from the heart\". Indeed, with few instruments he could belt out mellifluous hits such as Aye meri zohara jabeen (Waqt), Baar baar dekho (China Town) and Chaudhvin ka chand ho (Chaudhvin Ka Chand).Untrained in classical music, Ravi borrowed liberally from North India's folk music forms such as biraha, bhajan, doha and heer, which he had heard back in Delhi as a child. Milti hai zindagi mein mohabbat kabhi kabhi, the Ankhein ghazal is only one of his many compositions said to be patterned on a Punjabi folk number. His favourite Raag Pahari resonated in his compositions, whether it was Neele gagan ke tale (Humraaz), In hawaaon mein (Gumraah) or Neel gagan par udate badal (Khandan).Ravi was briefly Hemant Kumar's assistant when the latter did the Filmistan classic Anandmath in the early 1950s. He was also one of the back-up vocalists in the film, especially in Vande mataram, the superhit song. He might have pursued his singing career, had film-maker Devendra Goel not signed him on as music director for Vachan (1955). Ravi, on his part, realised that with heavyweights such as Mohammad Rafi, Talat Mahmood and Mukesh bursting the charts, his chances of making it big as a singer were slender. He went on to become a well-known composer, and like his low-profile compatriots Chitragupta and S N Tripathi, held his own against stars such as C Ramchandra, Naushad, O P Nayyar, S D Burman and Shankar-Jaikishan.Ravi came into his own under the BR Films banner. He scored music for major B R Chopra films such as Gumrah, Waqt, Humraz, Aadmi Aur Insaan, Dhund and Nikah among others, handling with utmost care the delicate Urdu lyrics penned by Sahir Ludhianvi. The duo formed a formidable alliance for Chopra's films. Aye meri zohra jabeen, loosely based on an Arabic number, and Aage bhi jaane na tu, the oomph-oozing Asha Bhosale ditty, contributed immensely to the box-office success of Waqt.The composer won two Filmfare awards for Gharana and Khandan in the 1960s (Lata Mageshkar got a Filmfare Best Singer trophy for Tumhi mere mandir from the same film). He also produced songs that became iconic for certain occasions-no wedding in North India for decades was complete without the wedding band playing Babul ki duaein leti jaa, the bidai song from Neel Kamal.Embellished with hues of Raag Bhoop, Chaudhvin ka chand ho, the sensuous Rafi number from Chaudhvin Ka Chand, catapulted Ravi to the big league in the 1960s. He was hired by big-ticket production houses from the South such as Gemini Films and AVM. In the late 1980s, he continued his South sojourn under a brand-new credit line, 'Bombay Ravi', scoring for a string of Malayalam films, some of which turned out to be sensational hits. He was decorated with the Padma Shree in 1987.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12196179", "title": "I was surprised at the last minute casting: Prashant Narayanan", "text": "Actor Prashant Narayanan clears the air about his alleged tiff during the shoot of Main Nahin AnnaRecently it was reported that actor Prashant Narayanan apparently refused to shoot for Manish Gupta's political thriller Main Nahin Anna when he came to know that veteran bit-player Manmauji was cast as Anna Hazare . The actor reportedly came into blows with the director as he was not intimated about the last minute change.Reacting to allegations Prashant told BT, \"It was just an unfortunate thing which happened on the set. Coming to blows is all ridiculous, if I had wanted to create real trouble I would have refused to go to the set. I was just surprised at the last minute casting which had happened, and I was just not getting convinced about it. Nothing against Manmauji, he is a senior person and an actor and he has done a fantastic job. It was just a creative discussion and nothing beyond that.\"So the matter was blown out of proportion? \"That's seriously their problem about the proportion bit, I have left all those things far behind. I have done two more movies after that. The report just somehow puts me in bad light, and all that I was doing was showing concern about a film that we were making painstakingly.\"Talking about the scarcity of films in his kitty mentioned in the report, Prashant says, \"I hardly have time to breathe so you can imagine how much work I have going on here.\" We get the drift Prashant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12191180", "title": "Far flung exam centres irk students", "text": "TRICHY: A large number of students from the 29,888 boys and girls who appeared for the higher secondary examination from the three educational districts of Trichy, Lalgudi and Musiri were subjected to a lot of anxiety on Thursday, with many having to travel 20 km to appear at the exam centre. Though the state government had sanctioned 94 new centres, Trichy division received only one centre, though the total number of students appearing for the exam increased by more than 5,000 this year.An education officer who did not want to be named told TOI that corruption and favoritism dictated the identification and sanctioning of new exam centres more than the convenience of the students. Furthermore, any aided school that is declared an exam centre would stand to gain around Rs five lakh for rendering the exam services in their premises. Hence there was a scramble among aided schools to get the sanction for the centre from the director of examinations. However, the three educational districts in the region did not get more than a single additional centre this year whereas it needs at least 10 more centres. The three districts had 76 exam centres, one more than last year and as many generators had been sanctioned by the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board.For instance, as many as 123 students including 72 girls from the Inamkulathur government higher secondary school had to travel about 20 km to reach their exam centre housed within the premises of R C School, Trichy. Another 125 students of the Holy Family higher secondary school, Ammapettai, situated within a distance of two km from this school had to travel some 22 kms to reach their exam centre at Philomena Higher Secondary School at Melapudur in Trichy. The headmaster of Inamkulathur school, V Mathiyazhagan told TOI that he would have applied for an exam centre at his school which would also cater to the students of Ammapettai, but his school had already allotted eight rooms for a Bharathidasan University's constituent Arts and Science College that chief minister Jayalalithaa had promised for her constituency. Since there was no building for the proposed college, the first year courses were conducted at the school's annexure that had been constructed under a NABARD scheme.Mathiyazhagan who visited his students at the exam centre in Trichy later said that if the University did not find a place to run the college next year, his own students would have to squat on the floor as the school would have to concede another eight rooms for the second year students of the same college. Meanwhile, in Manapparai division there were two exam centres at a distance of two kms, one at Vaiyampatti and another at Karunkulam, but in the constituency of the chief minister, there was a dire need for more exam centres, Mathiyazhagan clarified. With nine more subjects to go until March 23, the students will have to trek it out on all exam days which was a tall order considering the road conditions and the erratic public transport.Meanwhile, Prema, a student of Musiri Government Higher Secondary School, had to write the exam after having sustained a number of bruises all over her body including the head as the state transport bus she was travelling from her Umaiyalpuram village to Musiri swerved and hit a coconut tree. All the 19 passengers in the bus were rushed to the government hospital, but Prema refused to be admitted and braved her predicament to appear for the government exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "12202041", "title": "Arunachal governor for better Sino-Indian ties", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh governor General (Retd) J J Singh has said Sino-Indian relations have assumed significance for stability, peace and prosperity of the region.\"India and China are emerging powers seeking rightful place in the world,\" the governor said while inaugurating a two-day seminar on India-China relations with the theme, \"Voice From the Border: Indian's Response to the Chinese claim on Arunachal Pradesh\" here on Friday.Stating that the two countries may be competitors but not rivals, the governor said both nations have a strategic and cooperative partnership in place and there was enough space for sustained economic and social development for both.He said the McMahon line should be taken as the international border as it was based on international law and practice dealing with boundary delineation. The governor was of the opinion that resolution of Sino- Indian border issues was a must. At the same time, he added, there are a whole lot of measures being taken by India to safeguard its territorial integrity.Chancellor of Rajiv Gandhi University professor Mrinal Miri, who chaired the seminar, called for a mature approach to the issue, which should be beyond state and political ambitions. Recalling ancient religious links, he said everybody should make sure that the facts are correct while dealing with the issue.In his keynote address, former India's ambassador to China CV Ranganathan dwelled at length on the relations, which have geopolitical importance in Asia. He added that as India and China's interests intersect each other in central, south and south East Asia, the relationship called for diplomacy of the highest degree.The seminar was organised by Indian Council of Social Science and Research, North Eastern Regional Centre, Shillong, in collaboration with Rajiv Gandhi University and Arunachal Pradesh government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12203964", "title": "Criminal minds decoded by DFS superwomen", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A few years back a youth killed his close friend and kept mum about the reason why he killed him. As a last resort, he was sent for narco-analysis test at Directorate of Forensic Sciences (DFS) where after five days he agreed to speak and said that he was sexually molested by friend that enraged him so much that he killed him. It was the trust a woman profiler earned that opened the boy up to bare his heart.For Hemangi Shah, a scientific officer at the DFS, the route to forensic psychology started from counselling children. \"Many a time, we bring out certain memories during analyses, often related to traumatic childhood,\" she said. \"That connects us to the cause. Such aspects are unknown even to the person in question.\"\"It is not only about making somebody speak. It is also about following up the case and provide the law-enforcement agencies with true picture that may result into rehabilitation efforts. Such cases are always close to our hearts,\" said Hema Acharya, a scientific officer with DFS.\"I still think twice before passing a judgement on a person and I believe it is this human aspect that sets us apart from other forensic sciences,\" said Rinku Wagh, a scientific assistant at the DFS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195124", "title": "Kahaani: Enthralling, absorbing and engaging", "text": "This is a great time to be a movie buff . Within a week of 'Paan Singh Tomar' which should incontestably win Irrfan the National award for best actor, comes 'Kahaani' in which Vidya Balan is so flawlessly resplendent that I suspect, the next year's National award too is already reserved for her. Dirty deeds forgotten.Playing Vidya Bagchi, an NRI who lands in Kolkata heavily pregnant and immeasurably distressed by the disappearance of her husband, Vidya Balan doesn't hit a single false note in the entire graph of her character's fascinating journey.'Kahaani' is not an ordinary thrill-a-minute film about a search for a missing person, it's a lot more. Bringing a virgin vitality to the suspense drama 'Kahaani' actually strikes a captivatingly consonant balance between realism in art and the art of courting realism without losing the sheer entertainment quotient of the plot.From the moment Vidya lands in Kolkata the colour, vibrancy, bustle and jostle that are peculiar to Kolkata, assail our senses. It's a claustrophobic yet liberating world of intrigue and deception. A pungent flavour of anxiety and stress qualify the narration from Frame 1.Sujoy Ghosh whose earlier films gave us no clue of the ingenuity that he displays here with such ostensible casualness, cuts the footage with razorsharp economy, leaving no sign of the surgery involved in leaving behind scenes and putting together a tale that pays a homage to Hitchcock even while it tilts its topi to the detective films of Satyajit Ray .The complexities of metropolitan life emerge in a kind of bridled flurry. Within a few of minutes of Vidya Bagchi's landing on Kolkata we know her search for her missing husband is not going to be an easy cake-walk. Yes, we will see this spirited woman's pursuit of the truth to the end.Sujoy Ghosh crafts a tale of devious dynamics that do not make a song and dance of their cloak-and-dagger intentions. The narrative doesn't whip up a lather of anxieties. Stock devices of the suspense genre are here thrown meaningfully into the Hoogly. The relevances and resonances of Vidya's journey into the dark unrevealed bowel of India's secret service emerge in illuminating details created in Vidya's character which add up finally to a jigsaw where not a single piece is out of place.The end-game shot in an exquisite eruption of Durga Puja's compelling colours, is so unexpected, it is bound to leave even the most diehard cynics with a sense of satiated suspense. Indeed , so clever is the writing and so stunning yet convincing the denouement that I was persuaded into wondering, did Sujoy Ghosh filch the material from some unidentifiable source?While it would be criminal to give away any of the plot details it would be in the scope of permissible praise to say the writing is clearly not meant to strew red herrings in our way. As we go back to the film at the end we see every detail , every twist and turn in the plot was meant to be a coherent pointer to the complete picture.Ghosh's masterful strorytelling leaves no room to doubt the existence of a rather unforgiving God who charts a seemingly cruel destiny for the unsuspecting individual. Vidya's portrayal of grace under pressure is so measured and skilled, I at times wondered if she was actually watching herself perform from a distance to make sure she doesn't take her character's distress into the kingdom of melodrama.Vidya has splendid support from actors who merge into the Kolkatan conundrum with the seamless inevitability of people who accept extraordinary circumstances as part of life's ordinary patterns.Impressive in his own right is Parambrata Chattopadhyay as Vidya's pillar of support from within an Establishment that insists on throwing her off the track . (By the way, Vidya is never pushed on to the subway track. That's one of the smaller myths surrounding the film that comes undone...Wait till the end to see how many of the myths surrounding the pregnant protagonist are demolished). Parambrata plays his gentle character with such tender affection you begin to believe goodness is not an extinct commodity in the Establishment.Nawazuddin Sidiqqui that brilliant actor from Kabir Khan's 'New York' and last week's 'Paan Singh Tomar', brings a steely-sharp ruthlessness to his investigative officer's role.In one of Vidya's best sequences where she quietly tells him to keep his menacing advice to himself, Nawazuddin steps back to let the lady have her moment of glory,unhampered.Vidya Balan takes centrestage with great skill and restrained pride.Her laughter of unalloyed joy when she bonds with the chai-wallah kid (Ritobroto Mukherjee) and her final breakdown sequence where all the walls dividing her and us the viewers from the terrible truth are broken, bring her close to the cathartic emotions that Shabana Azmi displays.Vidya displays a rare understanding of her character's exacerbated emotional and physical state.Luckily for her, her co-actors display no outward or inward signs of insecurity in playing roles that are designed to be supremely supportive. Veteran Bengali actors unknown to Bollywood such as Saswata Mukherjee as a hired assassin and Kharaj Mukherjee as a kindly podgy cop, fill up the edges of the comprehensive lucid portrait of a woman with a mission, without crowding the canvas.'Kahaani' is one of those rare films that can easily lay claims to being a game-changer. And yet the narrative makes no claims . The destiny of the protagonist is charted in a breathless sweep of urgently persuasive episodes that tumble out as though God wrote Vidya Bagchi's screenplay.Enthralling , absorbing and engaging the narrative never resorts to italicized emotions to get our attention.We are hooked unconditionally from Scene 1.We surrender to Vidya's journey. She gives us no choice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195922", "title": "Saubhagyavati Bhava for a cause", "text": "Life OK's Saubhagyavati Bhava highlights the plight of women who experience domestic violence through the story of Jhanvi, a newly wed middle-class homemaker.Her husband Viraj suffers from Obsessive Compulsive Personality Disorder (OCPD) and the character is surprisingly both, abusive and charming at once, leaving Jhanvi physically, mentally and emotionally tortured.To get the message across and beyond the small screen and to help alleviate the pain of women suffering this torture in everyday life, the channel has tied up with Breakthrough's Bell Bajao initiative. The 360-degree campaign encourages men to be catalysts in bringing down cases of domestic violence.As part of this tie-up, Life Ok and Bell Bajao will jointly host 'awareness camps' to educate people about domestic violence and its impact on society. The channel will also train people from diverse backgrounds and communities to convey knowledge, share ideas and to reshape individuals. The footprint of this initiative is spread across seven districts in Uttar Pradesh and five districts in Delhi and Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12191426", "title": "Choosy babus look to get their way", "text": "HYDERABAD: A couple of senior IPS officers, who are known to have powerful connections, are yet to report for duty on fresh assignments to which they were designated a week back as they are hard at work lobbying for better postings.Lokendra Sharma, a 1980 batch officer, has not taken up his new role as additional MD of AP Transco, lobbying as he is for the post of additional DG in the vigilance and enforcement wing.\"His brother-in-law is secretary to the Central department of personnel and training and a senior official in the chief minister's office is lobbying for him,\" said a source.Similarly, 1987 batch officer Tushar Tripathi, who was made IG of organisation, has reportedly taken ill and, therefore, not able to take up his duties. Apparently, Tripathi checked into a private hospital soon after his transfer and applied for sick leave.Neither has M Gopi Krishna, another 1987 batch officer and husband of IAS officer Y Srilakshmi, it is reported, taken charge as additional director of the AP Police Academy.\"Junior level police officers feign sickness and stay away from new assignments. But this is the first time that senior and all-India service officers are resorting to such practices,\" an officer of the rank of additional DG told TOI. The powers that be are now planning to direct these two officers to appear before a medical board.Similarly, of the seven IAS officers awarded new postings in the third week of February, three are yet to report for duty. East Godavari collector Muddada Ravichandra, a 1996 batch IAS officer, has gone on leave after being posted as member-secretary of the AP Pollution Control Board.Likewise, Rajeshwar Tiwari, a 1986 batch officer, has yet to take charge as principal secretary to the secondary education department after being shifted out of HMDA as a commissioner. And PCB member-secretary Dana Kishore, a 1996 batch officer, is yet to turn up on his new assignment as the minority welfare secretary.Government sources said that chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy has taken serious note of these shenanigans and directed the officials concerned to either report for duty by Saturday or face action.\"There is now a marked defiance among officers when they are given postings which are not to their liking.\"Any IAS, IPS officer gets the same salary and perks. So, refusing to join certain departments certainly gives rise to questions over the officers' integrity,\" opined a senior officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12190955", "title": "Rs 1cr reward for 3 state Kabaddi stars", "text": "MUMBAI: When Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan announced Rs 1 crore as a cash prize for the three Maharashtra members of the World Cup-winning women's kabaddi team, it was nothing short of a miraculous bonanza. However, sources say that a cold war is on between Chavan and deputy CM Ajit Pawar over this issue.\"We always honour sportspersons and grant them cash awards,\" a top bureaucrat said on Thursday. \"But the manner in which Pawar imposed his proposal on the government was very surprising.\"\"Instead of consulting the CM, he straightaway demanded prize money of Rs 1 crore. To avoid an embarrassing situation, the CM accepted the proposal,\"Suvarna Bartakke and Abhilasha Mhatre, both from Mumbai, and Deepika Joseph from Pune are the Maharashtra members of the kabaddi team that won the recent World Cup at Patna . After they returned, Pawar, who is also the chairman of the Kabaddi Federation of India, wrote a personal letter to Chavan saying that in view of their impressive performance, they ought to be given a cash prize of Rs 1 crore each while their coach Ramesh Bhendegiri, who belongs to Kolhapur, should be given Rs 25 lakh. Subsequently, Pawar took up his proposal before the cabinet on Wednesday and insisted that the government immediately give its approval. \"Under such circumstances, Chavan had no option but to accept the proposal,\" said the bureaucrat, adding that the cash prizes would shortly be given to the four.One fallout of the controversy is that the government has now decided to have a policy for cash prizes for sportsmen. \"The sports department has already drafted a comprehensive policy for wins at national and international events,\" said the bureaucrat. While so far the convention was to give Rs 10 lakh to a gold medal winner at the Commonwealth or Asiad games, Rs 7 lakh to silver medal winners and Rs 5 lakh to bronze medal winners, the new policy is much more generous: the department has proposed Rs 1 crore for gold medal winners, Rs 75 lakh for silver medals and Rs 50 lakh for bronze in Olympic events. At international or World Cup events, the cash prizes have been pegged at Rs 30 lakh, Rs 20 lakh and Rs 10 lakh for gold, silver and bronze medals respectively. The bureaucrat said the draft policy would soon be placed before the cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12190370", "title": "'Need to make higher education affordable'", "text": "NASHIK: Pointing out that distance learning can work wonders as the effects of globalization are being felt in rural areas as well, Sir John Daniel , the chief of the commonwealth of learning, Canada , has called for making higher education affordable.Speaking at a symposium on academia-industry interface, organized by the Yeshwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open Univeristy (YCMOU), Daniel pointed out that technology was helping employed people empower themselves through distance education. He said that about 20,000 persons in Asia and about 4,000 persons in Africa were being imparted education through mobile phones.He said that there was no alternative to distance education when it came to aiding the continuous learning process for people who were dropouts or wanted to learn while doing their jobs.Speaking on the occasion, the vice-chancellor of YCMOU, Dr R Krishnakumar, stressed the need for more experimentation and collaboration between industrial institutes and educational institutes in evolving vocational training programmes. He said that improvement in the quality of higher education would help in combating unemployment in the country. Daniel also interacted with YCMOU students, including those working on powerlooms, security guards, army jawans, policemen, cobblers and domestic servants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12191058", "title": "Eight summer special trains to stop in Kovai", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Southern Railway has announced special trains for the summer to Chennai, Mangalore, Ernakulam, Shornur, Goa, Kollam and Howrah. These eight trains are being rerouted via Coimbatore for the first time and will be plied from April to June to accommodate the rush during the summer vacation.The trains are Chennai Central-Mangalore Central (06001 and 06003), Chennai Central-Kollam (06006), Chennai-Central-Coimbatore (06007), Chennai Central - Shornur (-06017), Chennai Central - Goa (06011), Coimbatore-Rameswaram (06010), and Howrah-Cochuveli (02851).In a press release, the Coimbatore Railway Struggle Committee said that a new week special train from Coimbatore to Rameswaram connecting Tirupur, Erode, Karur, Tiruchi, Pudukkottai, Sivagangai and Ramanathapuram districts will be plied from April to June. The committee said people should make optimum use of all trains. Only then will the committee be able to ask the Railway to make the trains, especially the Coimbatore-Rameswaram train a permanent service, the press release said.\"The summer trains should find good patronage. If people are aware of the trains they will adopt it to suit their travel needs. The Rameswaram train should be made a weekly one. It should be made a permanent service. Only if there is good patronage can we request the authorities to make it a permanent service,\" said R Raveendran, honourary secretary of Residents' Awareness Association of Coimbatore and member of the Coimbatore Railway Struggle Committee (CRSC).Meanwhile, the Bilaspur- Tirunelveli train will stop in Coimbatore for the first time on Sunday. The CRSC is planning a gala function to garland the train as it was the committee's main demand. The train will meet the travel needs of people travelling to southern Tamil Nadu.\"We want more allocation on the eight summer trains for Coimbatore. Even Palakkad seems to have better allocation that us. Also, Coimbatore station facilities should be upgraded to meet the needs of the new travellers who will arrive in the station,\" said G K Nagaraj, convenor, CRSC.06001Chennai Central - Mangalore Central06003Chennai Central - Mangalore Central06006 Chennai Central - Kollam06007 Chennai Central - Coimbatore06017 Chennai Central - Shornur06011 Chennai Central - Goa06010 Coimbatore - Rameswaram02851 Howrah - Cochuveli", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12194439", "title": "Prosenjit, Srijit team up for 'Kakababu'", "text": "First Sabyasachi Chakraborty as Feluda. Then Abir Chatterjee as Byomkesh Bakshi. Now, Prosenjit Chatterjee as Kakababu.Tollywood's new-found love for whodunnits and thrillers has resulted in the industry's biggest star - Prosenjit - teaming up with the hottest new director - Srijit Mukherji - to adapt on screen one of Bengali literature's most well-known investigators - Kakababu.Created by author Sunil Gangopadhyay, Kakababu - his actual name is Raja Roychowdhury - is a gritty character, who walks on crutches but can tame the most scheming arch-enemies. He embarks on adventurous trips to places all over India and abroad with nephew Santu and his friends, Jojo and Debolina.When TOI got in touch with the author, he confirmed the news, \"Prosenjit had come over to my place and had told me that he wanted to do a film series with one central character. 'Kakababu hole subidha hoye,' he had suggested. A few days later, I got a call from Srijit (Mukherji). He said that he wanted to come and meet me in order to buy the rights of three of my Kakababu stories, including Mishor Rohosyo and Bijoynogorer Hire.\"Srijit did turn up at Sunil's place along with a producer. \"They bought the rights of those stories. I reminded them that Mishor Rohosyo has Egypt as the backdrop, to which they said that they would go there to can the shots. They plan to turn it into a bigbudget film; that's what I was told.\"What does he think of Prosenjit as Kakababu? \"Or obhinoy khomota ache. I think he will be able to do justice to the character,\" Sunil answered.Srijit, on his part, said, \"I wouldn't like to comment on it because nothing has been confirmed as yet.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12191159", "title": "Rs 1.2L for TN girls sexually abused by head master, orders HC", "text": "MADURAI: The Madras High Court has ordered Rs 1.2 lakh compensation each to the girl students of a government school who were sexually abused, allegedly by their headmaster. It directed that a woman DSP be entrusted with the probe and that the final report be filed within two months.Taking note of the petitions filed by the parents of the victims of the school at Pothumbu in the district, Justice K Chandru directed the district collector to give Rs 1.2 lakh each to the girls, most of whom are Dalits, without waiting for the trial process to be completed.Headmaster M Arogiasamy, 54, was alleged to have sexually abused several girls studying in fifth to 10th standards for several months. A case was registered against him in July last year and he finally surrendered to the police almost a month later, amid protests by various women's organizations demanding action.Noting that three inquiry reports, including one by the rural police, gave different figures for the number of victims, the court directed the collector to ascertain the veracity of the complaints enabling disbursal of compensation.Directing the SP to personally monitor the progress of the case by calling for fortnightly reports from the investigating officer, the court also asked him to file the final inquiry report within two months. The investigating officer must have enough sensitivity while examining the children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12199219", "title": "Examination of Italian weapons to take more time: Kerala Police", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Even as Italy makes hectic efforts for an amicable resolution of the arrest of its two naval guards for shooting two Indian fishermen dead, Kerala Police on Friday said the ballistic examination of the weapons seized from the Italian vessel will take at least one week more.Seven Italian rifles were seized from \" Enrica Lexie\" after the Kollam court issued a search warrant.The court ordered the seized weapons be sent for ballistic examination and by now test firings have also been done.However, a police official said the process will take one week more, at the minimum. A two-member Italian team has also been allowed to be present at the time of the ballistic examination.The two naval guards -- Latorre Massimillano and Salvatore Girone -- were Feb 20 sent to custody by a court in Kollam. Making efforts to resolve the matter is Italian deputy foreign minister Staffan de Mistura, currently staying in a hotel here along with a few officials.So far, his efforts to have an 'open' audience with chief minister Oommen Chandy appear not to have been successful, and Mistura, while giving interviews to the Italian media, is not very keen to speak to the local media.Meanwhile, Chandy has emphasised that the law will take its course and there has been no problems in the diplomatic relations between the two countries over this incident.He has also said that it is for the police to decide if the two Italians need be shifted out from the prison.The court, while sending the naval guards to judicial custody, had noted that if the Italians have to be shifted, the court should be informed.It also allowed Italian officials to meet the duo in jail every day for an hour between 10am to 1pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12195490", "title": "Sonia Gandhi indisposed, fails to attend function", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress chied Sonia Gandhi today could not attend a function to release a commemmorative stamp in the memory of late party veteran Shyamacharan Shukla here as she is indisposed.Highly placed sources said Gandhi developed \"mild fever\" in the morning and, hence, her scheduled visit to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's official residence at 7, Race Course Road to participate in the function did not take place.Regretting Gandhi's absence, Uma Tiwari, the daughter of late Shukla, said she was sad to learn that Gandhi is unwell and, therefore, could not come.\"She would have definitely come had she been fine,\" Tewari said.Party sources said that there was nothing serious as her health is otherwise fine.Gandhi had returned from abroad on March 5 after a \"routine check up\" for her undisclosed ailment. She had gone out of the country for the check up on Februrary 27 following a surgery over six months back.A day after results of elections in five states were out, Gandhi held one-on-one interaction with party office bearers in the AICC headquarters on March 7 to review the Congress' performance and had interacted with the media after that.Releasing the commemmorative stamp, the Prime Minister said Shukla had a high stature as a politician and the values and ideals which he purused in his public life inspires others.Singh said that the works of Shukla in the field of irrigation are still remembered. He said that there were many occassions during his career when he had come in contact with Shukla.Shukla's son Amitesh also recalled the relationship between his father and the Prime Minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12190927", "title": "University to launch PG courses in gender studies", "text": "CHENNAI: After 154 years of existence, the University of Madras will launch a new department focused exclusively on issues related to women in the next academic year.\"The Department of Women Studies will offer postgraduate degree courses in women and gender studies. It will also offer MPhil and PhD courses,\" said G Thiruvasagam, vice-chancellor, on the occasion of International Women's Day.The university also plans to start a centre for entrepreneurship and skill development. \"Nowadays, there is no point in just having a degree. The new centre will give hands-on experience for the students in several fields,\" he said. \"The centre will have collaborations with several local industries. Time has come for women to move from IT to other sectors such as manufacturing, chemistry, marketing and training,\" said Thiruvasagam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12192732", "title": "US fest to open with film on India", "text": "NEW YORK: A documentary about life and struggles of women in India and a gay man living in Israel will open the film competitions at the Tribeca Film Festival , one of the largest film festivals in the United States.The 2012 Tribeca Film Festival, which will run through April 18 to 29, was co-founded by Oscar-winning actor Robert De Niro.The film, The World Before Her, is by Canada-based Indian-origin filmmaker Nisha Pahuja and \"weaves the complexity of possibilities for women in India in contrasting conservative and progressive veins\".The documentary revolves around bringing together the opposing stories of the Miss India beauty pageant and a fundamentalist Hindu camp for girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12191524", "title": "Porvorim MLA now supports BJP", "text": "PANAJI: Rohan Khaunte, the newly elected MLA from Porvorim has extended support to the Manohar Parrikar-led BJP government which will take oath of office on Friday.\"I support the Manohar Parrikar government to ensure all round development of Porvorim,\" Rohan said, praising Parrikar for his administrative skills saying under his leadership Goa will see prosperity in all 40 constituencies.BJP already has the support of two independents who were backed b y the party. These include Avertano Furtado (Navelim) and Benjamin D'Silva (Velim). At a press briefing, Rohan thanked the people of Porvorim for rallying behind him and assured that he would work to make Porvorim a model constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12201996", "title": "Burma to involve NE MPs in democracy campaign", "text": "GUWAHATI: Burma Centre Delhi (BCD) has decided to involve parliamentarians from the northeast in democracy campaign for Myanmar.BCD founder-member Alana Golmei told TOI that a forum of NE MPs would be soon floated on the lines of Indian Parliamentarian Forum for Democracy in Burma (IPFDB).IPFDB was formed in 2005 and has been very vocal about democracy in Myanmar. Last year, it was one of the bodies which actively campaigned for the release of 2000 political prisoners in Myanmar. It also sent 100 signatures of Indian parliamentarians to the Thein Sein government last year asking for release of political prisoners.\"We are also going to involve parliamentarians from the northeast with Burma's democracy cause through another forum. The forum will be called Indo-Burma MP Forum and it will have all NE MPs. We are targeting NE MPs as the region, as an immediate neighbour, has a crucial role to play in Burma's cause for democracy,\" said Golmei.She added that as there is a forum of northeast MPs for Bangladesh already, it has become essential to have a similar body for Myanmar too. Golmei informed that a meeting with NE MPs will be held in New Delhi shortly to discuss the emerging reforms in Myanmar and how the parliamentarians can champion the cause of democracy in the neighbouring country.\"Northeast being the immediate neighbour has an important say in India-Burma bilateral issues. Under the Look East policy, northeast has a crucial role to play,\" said Golmei. Despite being surrounded by many countries, the northeastern states' engagement with neighbouring countries have been minimal - be it in the field of trade and commerce or other policy related issues.\"Now the time has come for the northeast to lobby for its interest and benefit with its neighbouring countries. With signs of political reforms emerging in Burma, we need to prepare the northeast so that the region has a say in affairs related to Burma or other Southeast Asian countries,\" she added.Myanmar is making some remarkable strides with its political reforms. The country is slated to hold by-election on April 1 this year followed by general election in 2015. Myanmar will also host Southeast Asian Games in 2013 and will also hold Asean in 2014. All these upcoming events have sent a positive signal across the world, and Thein Sein government's political reforms are being closely watched by world leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12187697", "title": "IPS officer crushed to death by mining mafia in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: In a horrific incident, a young IPS officer of the 2009 batch, Narendra Kumar, was brutally crushed to death under a stone-laden tractor trolley belonging to the illegal mining mafia. The incident happened on Thursday in broad daylight in the presence of eyewitnesses and Kumar's team of policemen.Kumar (30) was posted as SDOP (sub-divisional police officer), Banmur, in the Chambal district of Morena, Madhya Pradesh , early this year. The ghastly killing happened in Banmur industrial town, which is notorious for stone-mining. According to DGP Nandan Dubey, the accused, Manoj Gurjar, has been arrested, and a case of murder has been registered against him.\"On Thursday afternoon, Kumar received a tip-off about illegal stone mining activity in his area and rushed to the spot with a team,\" MP home minister Uma Shankar Gupta told TOI. \"On the way, he saw a speeding tractor trolley loaded with huge stone boulders, which he and his men tried to stop. But the driver swerved off from the concrete highway and down a slope into an adjoining field. As Kumar jumped after the speeding tractor, he lost his balance and rolled down the slope.\"Eye-witnesses claimed that the driver saw the officer on the ground before him but did not stop. Instead, he ran over his body, which was dragged under the tractor's wheels for 50 metres. After crushing him, the tractor overturned, and Kumar's body was buried beneath the stone boulders. The profusely bleeding officer was rushed to Sahara Hospital in Gwalior but was declared dead on arrival.Home minister Gupta later bemoaned the fact that the government had lost a good officer to the mafia on account of having taken a very hard stand against illegal mining. \"The police had been ordered to check illegal mining, and Narendra Kumar was following those orders,\" he said. However, the Opposition Congress in the state isn't buying the government's line. \"We have been repeatedly raising the issue of illegal mining both inside and outside the state assembly,\" said Ajay Singh, Congressman and leader of the Opposition. \"But this is being carried out under the protection of the BJP government. Mining secretary S K Mishra is also the chief minister's secretary. Whether it is illegal mining of sand, stones or mineral ores, it is all happening under political protection.\"Singh added that it was significant that Thursday's gruesome incident happened within the Lok Sabha constituency area of BJP national general secretary Narendra Singh Tomar. \"Without political protection, no one has the moral courage to brutally kill a police officer in full public view,\" he said. \"This betrays the total law-and-order failure in the state. We demand the resignation of home minister Uma Shankar Gupta and a CBI investigation into the incident.\"According to DGP Dubey, Narendra Kumar was a policeman who could face up to hard challenges and was thus posted to the Chambal areas. His wife, Madhurani Tevatiya, is an IAS officer posted as additional collector, Gwalior. She is presently on maternity leave and was in New Delhi at the time of the incident.Kumar's body will be taken tonight to his village, Lalpur, in UP. His distraught family has alleged that his death was a cold, calculated murder as he was working against the stone mafia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12191238", "title": "Holi celebrated with fervour in temple city", "text": "MADURAI: It was a time for fun and fervour as a majority of the North Indian community came together to celebrate Holi, the festival of colours in Madurai, on Thursday. There are about 3,000 North Indian families hailing from various states like Uttar Pradesh, Gujarat, Punjab etc, living in Madurai.For many decades, these enterprising families that include Jains, Marwaris and Gujaratis have made Madurai their home. Though Holi is predominantly a festival of the north and not celebrated much in this part of the region, these families made it a point to celebrate the festival with the same enthusiasm like it is done in their respective natives.In Madurai, West Veli Street, South Masi Street and Jain temple in Gomathipuram witnessed Holi revelry with people from down south joining those from the north by applying hues of colours on each other. The celebrations started early in the morning with the young and the old coming out of theirs houses with colours in powder and liquid forms.What began initially with the formal applying of colours on each others heads and cheeks later became a free for all with all those gathered vying and chasing each other to apply the maximum colours possible on the others. It was a scene that enthralled everyone gathered at the spot. In the evening, the families held another round of celebrations by organising family get-togethers, followed by a lavish dinner spread.Amar Vora, a Gujarati entrepreneur in Madurai said that his community youth in the temple city, who formed an organisation called 'Thunderbolts' had recently celebrated Holi. Members from various Gujarati families gathered at a farm house in Kochadai where they applied colours on each other and organised a lot of fun games, he added.The children on their part were asked to paint on their T-shirts with the holi colours, which made them exciting, Amar said. At the Jain temple, a Rajasthani troupe played some traditional music to which all those gathered danced, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12192187", "title": "Twin cities gear up for Holi, policemen alert", "text": "HUBLI: Hubli-Dharwad police commissioner K Ram Chandra Rao said more number of police officials will be assigned in the twin cities of Hubli-Dharwad so that residents can celebrate Holi peacefully.Commissioner stated that people in the twin cities will celebrate Holi from March 8 to 13. \"We identified that around 462 Kamanna idols will be installed in the twin cities of Hubli-Dharwad and 60 of them are sensitive areas,\" he said.People will celebrate Holi in Dharwad on March 9 and Hubli on March 12. \"Our police officers will be work for 24 hours and conduct a patrolling system in the cities. At the same time, we have warned a few anti-socials not to disrupt peace and celebrations or else stern action will be taken against them,\" he said. \"On this occasion, to celebrate Kamanna we have taken the help of other district police officials -- 3 DCPs, 11 ACPs, 38 PIs, 50 PSIs, 1506 ASI/HC/PC have been assigned for the bandobast,\" commissioner said.Precautionary measures will be taken from Kallammana Agasi to Dakappa Circle, Dakappa Circle to Koulpeth, Koulpeth to KEB office Cross in Kamaripeth police limit and Kasabapeth Main Road to Padadayyan Hakkal Cross, the main road to Ahmed Nagar in Kasabapeth police station limit and Tulja Bhavani Cross to Pendar Galli, Tulja Bhavani Temple Cross to Pendar Galli Masjid in Town Police station limit.The commissioner requested the people to follow instructions on March 9 and 12 in Dharwad and Hubli. Wines shops should be closed on the occasion of Ranga Panchami, loud speakers should not be played post 10pm on the streets as examinations are on. \"Don't throw colours on others forcibly during Holi and do not collect money by stopping vehicles. Stern action will be taken against those who break traffic rules at night and do not strew bottles on the streets,\" the commissioner reminded his people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12194517", "title": "Mahesh Babu's spoof goes viral", "text": "\"Businessman\" which has Mahesh gesturing with his pinkie all through the film, has dialogues that seem to be exactly cut out for promoting Sulabh complexes.The opening shot of the original film goes with this narration in the background - \"Mumbai! Ikkada roju konni lakshala mandi vastharu. Potta chetho pattukuni elago ala mellaga elalgo ala bathakadaniki vasthuntaru, ippati varaku andaru ala vachchina valle ... okkadu thappa.\"(This is Mumbai, lakhs of people step into the city everyday, to eke a living, almost everybody comes with the same goal, except for one man). In the same tone, the short film starts with the shot of a guy taking a leak on a road somewhere and a voice in the background goes ... \"Mumbai! Ikkada roju konni lakshala mandi uchcha posthuntaru, jip chetho pattukoni, uttara chupulu chusukuntu, mellaga... elago ala... posesthuntaru, ippati varaku andaru ala posina valle, okkaru thappa.\" (This is Mumbai, lakhs of people pee on the roads here everyday, it's all done surreptitiously... almost everybody does it, except for one guy!)Then the camera cuts to a closeup shot of a funny-looking Surya Bhai (Hanuman) and the hero is introduced in exactly the same style and with the same dialogue as the original. \"Eee Mumbai ni uchcha poyinchataniki vachchanu, ye Mumbai seher ko pishaap karvane aaya hun...\"Breaking into fits of laughter at the mere mention of the spoof, Sharath Chandra, a city-based quality analyst, says, \"This is one of the most hilarious spoofs I have seen in the recent past. More than anything, it's the 'reworked' dialogues and the lead actor's funny expressions that really stand out. I just couldn't stop laughing till the end. It's a great way to spread a good message. We do need to clean up!\"Talking about how the short film was made, Anil Mallela, who works as an assistant director for TV shows, says that he and his friend Hanuman, a software engineer and an aspiring actor, were thinking of making a short film on civic awareness. And it was around that time that Mahesh's blockbuster had released. \"Our good friend Suresh, who was the cameraman for the short film, was leaving for Mumbai on work and Hanuman joked saying he is going to make all of Mumbai pee ... in his public toilet complex. It was this one line that caught our imagination,\" explains Anil.Actor Hanuman Vemula says, \"The idea was to just present a relevant message using humor. Urination in public places is a nuisance and we wanted to bring awareness with our video. Never did we expect that it would go viral like this. We have got congratulatory calls from countries like UK, Canada, Abu Dhabi, Nigera etc.\"There were some hate calls as well. \"We got some threatening calls too, but we tried to explain that our intention is not to malign or poke fun. I am a big Mahesh Babu fan myself. It was just meant as a gag,\" quips Hanuman.THE STORYLINE \"Businessman-2\" is the story of Surya Bhai who moves to Mumbai to start Surya Bhai Toilets and Bathrooms, a chain of public toilets. The director has taken all the best punch dialogues from the movie and given them a toilet context. Here's a sampler...Businessman 1(B1): Ila roundup chesi confuse cheyaddu, endukante confusion lo ekkuva kottesthanu Businessman 2 (B2): Okalla meeda okallu padi confuse cheyakandi, endukante confusion lo meeda posukuntaruB1: Nenu kodithe ela untado aallu eellu cheppatame kani naaku telidu, ippudu neeku telusthundi, chal be B2: Na toilet lo posthe adolauntundani vallu veelu cheppatamu thappa naku teliyadu, ippudu neeku telusthundi, chal beB1: Me target tenth mile ayithe, aim for the eleventh mile B2: Neetarget dustbin ayithe, aim for Sulabh complex", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12191163", "title": "Pro-Tamil groups target Lankan academic at MS University seminar", "text": "MADURAI: Close on the heels of chief minister J Jayalalithaa writing to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh seeking to discourage frequent visits of Sri Lankan delegates to Tamil Nadu , activists of various pro-Tamil movements disrupted an international conference and forced the organisers to send away a Sri Lankan academic, on Thursday.The members of Naam Tamizhar Iyakkam, May 17 Movement, Sri Lankan Tamils Protection Federation, as well as MDMK cadres barged into the conference venue at Manonmaniam Sundaranar University (MSU) and protested against the participation of Jeeva Niriella, faculty of law, lecturer, University of Colombo, Sri Lanka in the three-day international conference on 'Exploring Linkage Between Drug Usage and Criminal Victimisation' organised by the department of criminology.This is the second such incident of a Sri Lankan visitor facing a protest by pro-Tamil outfits. In January this year, Thirukumaran Nadesan, husband of Nirupama Rajapaksa, niece of Sri Lankan president Mahinda Rajapaksa's suffered an even harsher treatment when slippers were hurled at him in Rameswaram where he visited to offer prayers in the temple.This time around, the agitators, about 20 of them, entered the hall during the afternoon session of the conference posing as participants and started raising slogans against Sri Lanka. They also held placards demanding Jeeva to leave India as well as accusing Sri Lanka of genocide.\"Jeeva Niriella was visibly shocked by the sudden development. We were also taken aback. Since we though that the safety and security of the delegate was important, we took her out of the venue through another exit. We then told the protesters that she was sent and that she would not participate in any of the sessions for the rest of the conference,\" said a faculty from the university. The protesters then left the spot. No police complaint has been lodged by the organisers, but disbelief and shock was writ large.However, earlier in the day, Jeeva had addressed the participants of the conference on 'Women and Justice' and said that Sri Lanka was achieving a lot in women empowerment. Jeeva noted that Lanka had the first woman prime minister. She also said that the country's present chief justice was a woman. Even during her address, she was confronted by a participant who questioned her claims of women empowerment by alleging that international NGOs have reported that crimes were perpetrated on women in large scale. While Jeeva maintained silence, another delegate came to her rescue and answered the query.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12196473", "title": "Need for gender diversity in premier institutions", "text": "Realising the need for gender diversity in classrooms, premier institutions of the country are taking steps to draw women students into their fold, reports Shashank VenkatIf there is any common thread that binds all the IIMs and IITs together, it is their skewed gender ratio. Today, while girls are securing top ranks in many competitive exams, this trend seems like an aberration. What are the possible reasons?\"Admission to the IITs is done through the Joint Entrance Examination (JEE). Fewer women students attempt this exam and hence fewer enter the institute,\" informs Devang Khakhar, director, IIT-Bombay. Debashis Chatterjee, director, IIM-Kozhikode, adds, \"Traditionally, the number of women has been less than 10 per cent in any batch across all premier business schools in India. Though around 25 per cent of all CAT applicants are women, only around 10 per cent usually make it to the IIMs.\" Apart from these factors, social norms and the fact that parents do not want to send to their daughters away from the home city to study are some of the reasons for the poor representation of women in these institutes.Many of these top institutions have now begun to take steps to correct the gender imbalance in their classrooms. Last year many IIMs awarded additional marks to women candidates appearing for CAT 2011. The primary motive was to have a healthy gender mix in their classrooms.Leading the charge in this endeavour is IIM-Kozhikode which has undertaken a slew of measures to promote gender diversity in their classrooms. Chatterjee says, \"IIM-K was the first IIM to meet the reservation norms even before the government made them mandatory. The institute has been increasingly giving emphasis on diversifying the concept of inclusive growth on a much larger and global scale. For the present batch of its postgraduate programme (class of 2013), the strength of women students is 36 per cent which is a national record for any B-school so far. The institute is able to achieve the gender diversity by adopting a suitable admission policy and criteria.\" The IITs are also not far behind. Informs Khakhar, \"This year we have reduced the application fee for women appearing for the JEE and I believe a greater percentage of the applicants are women.\"So, what does a good gender mix offer to these institutes? \"A balanced batch contributes to a better learning experience. Girls bring in greater diversity both in the learning environment as well as the academic and social profiles. Women make better managers. They have learnt to be more competent in a diverse set of skills and attitudes - things that are required of managers. These include networking skills, social intelligence, empathy and environmental sensitivity. During the last summer placements, girls were better placed than boys,\" says Chatterjee. The diversity also helps breed creativity in the classrooms.With institutes going all out to reach out to women students, gender power is slowly showing its way through!Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195251", "title": "It's time to choose your Miss India 2012", "text": "The countdown has begun as Pantaloons Femina Miss India 2012; country's most prestigious beauty pageant is back with a new look .The top 20 contenders for the coveted crown have been announced and they are all set to bring home the coveted title at the grand finale to be held in Mumbai on 30th March.And once you have done that, it's time to vote for your favourite contestant and fast track her to the Top 10 finalists of Miss India 2012. Having checked out the girls, vote for your favourite.Our online winner last year, Rakulpreet Singh says, \"Being the online winner I feel like I am people's Miss India as they wanted me to represent India. I am grateful to all those who voted for me, as Miss India was truly a life-changing experience. Try and be yourself and never lose confidence.\"Rakulpreet is currently busy in post production for her Tamil film. She has also done print ads for major brands, couple of TV commercials and few ramp shows.The finalists so far are Aasttha Ssidana, Erica Fernandez, Farah Hussain, Himakshi Agarwala, Ipsita Pati, Karuna Dogra, Nikita Dutta, Prachi Mishra, Priyanka Verma, Purva Rana, Rochelle Maria Rao, Ruhi Singh, Sana Khan, Shamata Anchan, Sneha Upadhyay, Sonam Pachey, Sonampreet Bajwa, Sukalpa Das,Vanaya Mishra, Vidhi Bhardwaj.Not just that, there are even prizes to be won if your choice of Top Three corresponds with the final choice of the judges at the pageant! You can also send your votes through your mobiles .For details, click here .So, what are you waiting for?Start Voting!The Miss India site http://feminamissindia.indiatimes.com/ , provides you daily news and regular updates on the Miss India contestants and winners and their activities all through the year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12194762", "title": "Radhika Pandit gets experimental", "text": "It's been a jam-packed week for Radhika Pandit. The actor has been shooting for Nagathihalli Chandrashekhar's next and promoting her film Alemaari, which hits theatres today.In fact, she was so busy that she even celebrated her birthday on the sets of one of her films. \"It's been a crazy week,\" says the actor, adding, \"This is the first time that I've not celebrated my birthday with my family. I was shooting for a song, so I got to dress up nicely with five costume changes and later cut a cake in the presence of actors Darshan, Kitty and industry veterans like Gurukiran, Hamsalekha and Nagathihalli.\"Alemaari, produced by BK Srinivas under the banner Harsha Productions and directed by Santosh Kumar, sees Radhika pair up with Yogi for the first time. \"I have worked with Yogi earlier in Hudugru, but Alemaari will be a first for us as a romantic pair. Yogi and I make for an unusual pair and people have expressed doubts about seeing us romance each other onscreen. But the story will convince people about our pairing,\" says Radhika.In the film, the actor plays Neeli, a calm, softspoken and pleasant girl from a Brahmin family, who is raised by her music teacher dad after the death of her mother. \"Neeli's life is all about her family, home and the one friend she has. Then, she falls in love with this guy who is not at all like her,\" she adds.Tell her that her role appears to offer her nothing special and Radhika says, \"When Santosh met me for the script narration, he told me that any actor could do Neeli's role, but that only I could do justice to the last 20 minutes of the film. That convinced me to do the film.\" So did she like the story? \"Yes I did. But I must admit that I had my doubts about how it would turn out. Alemaari is an experimental cinema of sorts. If audiences don't understand it, the film will fall flat. But Santosh is a young director who has fresh ideas and knows just how he wants to present his film. Hopefully, that will strike a chord with audiences,\" says Radhika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12190939", "title": "CJ talks tough, but advocates firm", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka high court chief justice Vikramajit Sen on Thursday sent a strong warning that judges would not take a lenient view of the boycott of courts by lawyers. This even as the advocates' fraternity dug in its heels and reiterated its demand for the ouster of two senior ministers and transfer of two top police officers in connection with the March 2 violence in the City Civil Court complex.The advocates also decided to go ahead with its mammoth meeting of representatives of lawyers' bodies from across the state on Friday, notwithstanding the ban orders around civil and magistrate courts and eight police station limits. They will take a decision on the future course of action at the Friday meeting.Hearing two PILs filed by the Advocates Association of Bangalore (AAB) in connection with the alleged bias in media's coverage of March 2 violence, chief justice Sen said he may dismiss the petitions if advocates continued to stay away from courts.\"Let us be clear on this. How can we hear these PILs when you are not attending courts? If you continue (agitation), we may not hear them. It (facts) should be open ended. Think over it,\" the chief justice remarked while ordering notice to the state government, the information and broadcasting ministry and several media houses.Hinting that further boycott of courts by lawyers would only mean dismissals, the chief justice also dismissed two other PILs for non-prosecution. \"There is no representation for the petitions even though they were called twice. The petitions stand dismissed,\" Sen said.The agitating lawyers, however, appeared unmindful of the chief justice's warning.The governing council of the AAB once against reiterated its demand for the removal of home minister R Ashoka and law minister S Suresh Kumar and transfer of director general of police Shankar M Bidari and police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji.AAB president KN Subba Reddy told TOI, \"We will hold discussions with advocates' association representatives from taluks and districts and elicit their views on the future course of action.\"Advocates fine-tune strategyBesides filing private complaints against media and police in courts, advocates have decided to approach the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) and the Civil Rights Enforcement cell against police.The Advocates' Association of Bangalore (AAB) has prepared a format and is planning to circulate the same among advocates in the state, asking them to file as many defamation cases against the media as possible.Addressing a AAB meeting in City Civil Court complex, a leading advocate said: \"We are about 70,000 lawyers in the state. We should file at least 10,000 defamation cases against the media.''Referring to police claim that some miscreants in the guise of police were present in the court premises, the advocates accused police of sending people in the guise of media, advocates and police to create trouble.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12194480", "title": "PCMC likely to get its mayor today", "text": "PUNE: The names of mayor, deputy mayor and the ruling party leader of the NCP in Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal corporation are likely to be declared by deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Friday.Pawar held a four-hour meeting with NCP's new corporators in Pimpri on Thursday. Party's city unit president Azam Pansare, mayor Yogesh Behl, MLA Anna Bansode and independent MLAs Vilas Lande and Laxman Jagtap were present.The post of the mayor has been reserved for a woman from the general category. The NCP enjoys a majority in the new house with 83 of the total 128 seats in its kitty. Nine independent corporators have also supported the party.Lande said that Pawar is scheduled to hold another meeting with the city unit leaders soon. Meanwhile, Laxman Jagtap suggested that the tenure of the mayor should be six months so that the five top aspirants get the post once.General secretary of NCP Shirish Jadhav said, \"We received ten applications for the post of mayor, three for the post of deputy mayor and 170 for the posts of nominated corporators. Mohini Lande, Shamim Pathan, Zamabai Barne, Nanda Takawane, Vaishali Kalbhor, Usha Waghire, Vaishali Javalkar, Sunita Waghire, Swati Kalate and Sheetal Kate have applied for the post of mayor while Prabhakar Waghire, Javed Shaikh and Rohit Kate have applied for the post of deputy mayor. Prashant Shitole, Mangala Kadam and Vasant Londhe have applied for the post of ruling party leader.\"Applications for the posts of mayor, deputy mayor and ruling party leader have to be submitted by Friday.The elections are to be held on March 13. Divisional commissioner or his representative will preside over the first general body meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12191549", "title": "Unusual March cold wave makes Maharashtra shiver", "text": "PUNE: Ahmednagar shivered at 7.3 degrees celsius while Pune recorded the state's second lowest minimum temperature at 10.1 degrees celsius as a cold wave prevailed over parts of central Maharashtra on Thursday. The region stretches from Nashik/Jalgaon in the north to Kolhapur in the south.The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), which admitted it was not common to experience such conditions in the summer month of March, usually declares a cold wave when two or more weather stations in a given region record minimum temperatures that are below the normal for that period by four or more degrees.The cold wave brought about a noticeable dip in both day and night temperatures. The night temperatures, in particular, were appreciably to markedly below normal - a difference of over 4 to 6 degrees celsius from normal in some parts of central Maharashtra as well as Konkan and Goa, which includes Mumbai.For instance, Ahmednagar's 7.3 degrees celsius represented a drastic fall of 9.4 degrees celsius from normal while Pune's 10.1 degrees celsius was 4.7 notches below normal. The maximum temperature went down to 31 degrees celsius in Pune, which was 3.7 degrees celsius below normal. On Wednesday, the city had recorded a minimum of 10.3 degrees celsius and a maximum of 33.5 degrees celsius.The popular hill station of Mahabaleshwar in neighbouring Satara district recorded a minimum of 11.4 degrees celsius, which was 5.7 notches below normal, while Satara city recorded 12.4 degrees celsius, 5.9 notches below normal.\"It is not so common that we have a cold wave in March. However, it is only the beginning of summer and we are still going through a transition phase,\" Medha Khole, deputy director general (weather central) at the IMD office here, told TOI.\"The peculiar synoptic conditions that prevail for now have also contributed to the fall in temperatures. A western disturbance, which prevailed over the eastern parts of Jammu and Kashimr, has moved from the Indian region on Wednesday,\" Khole said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12192105", "title": "AI, Jet pilots take to protest path over unpaid salaries, allowances", "text": "MUMBAI: Pilots operating AI's domestic as well as international flights have threatened that from April 1, they would report to duty only if the airline cleared their pending salaries and allowances. Even Jet Airways pilots are likely to sport black bands for five days from Friday to protest against the delay in their salaries.AI has two unions and both have contended that the management should clear their dues by March 31, failing which, they would not operate flights. The threat, if executed, could cripple the carrier's operations.\"The financial hardship caused by the non-payment of salaries for an extended period may adversely affect the ability of the flight crew to safely discharge their duties. Clearly under the current situation, it is very likely that the safety of Air India's flight operations may be compromised, potentially endangering the lives of passengers,\" stated a letter sent on Wednesday to AI's CMD Rohit Nandan by Indian Pilots Guild, the union representing pilots who operate a majority of its international flights. The letter was also mailed to the ministry of civil aviation, the aviation regulator and the labour commissioner. \"A large number of our members have informed us that owing to the psychological stress that they are under and bearing in mind the safety of passengers, they will be unable to operate flights on and after 1 April, 2012, unless the management clears all the dues.\"The delayed payment includes the basic salary from December to February, layover allowance from December to March and flying allowance from November to February. \"This amounts to withholding approximately more than a quarter of the yearly emoluments. This non-payment of dues has caused tremendous hardship to our members. While some have availed education loans in order to complete their flight training, others have financial commitments towards their parents and siblings. A number of members have written to us that they are undergoing severe psychological stress...\" stated the letter.Last week, Indian Commercial Pilots Association, the union of pilots of former Indian Airlines , too announced a cash-and-carry policy, in which pilots will fly if paid.It does not seem to be a good time to be a pilot, be it in a government or a private airline, going by the grievances of private carrier Jet Airways pilots. \"The airline has been delaying our salary payment by 15 days for the past three months. We fear that the airline will increase the delay and so, in protest, we will wear black bands for five days from Friday,\" said a Jet pilot. But, he added the protest would not affect Jet flights. A final decision was yet to be taken, after the management called a meeting with pilots on Thursday.KF flights resume, but flyers waryMumbai: Kingfisher Airlines operated most of its flights according to schedule on Thursday. The airline had landed in fresh trouble on Wednesday and had to cancel six flights out of Mumbai after state-run oil firms refused to supply fuel.The matter was resolved later in the day. Though Kingfisher operated its flights from Mumbai on Thursday, there were few passengers willing to fly on the airline.Tour operators said many flyers who had bookings for the next week, cancelled and sought tickets on other carriers. \"Many of my clients travelling in the coming weeks cancelled their tickets on Kingfisher and chose other airlines,\" Rajesh Rateria, managing director of Cirrus Travels, said. \"A passenger travelling to Hong Kong next week changed his airline due to the uncertainty about Kingfisher flights,\" he added.Though Kingfisher is offering cheapest fares to woo flyers, there are few takers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12194372", "title": "Parrikar to take oath as Goa chief minister today", "text": "PANAJI: Chief Minister-designate Manohar Parrikar and six other legislators would be sworn in as ministers here on Friday.Senior BJP leaders including L K Advani and Sushma Swaraj will attend the oath taking ceremony that is being held at the Sports Authority of Goa ground, which is expected to be packed with thousands of people.Party sources said that seven people including chief minister would be taking oath during the first round this evening. The cabinet expansion would be held later after presentation of the state budget.The first lot of ministers includes two legislators from minority community--Francis D'Souza and Matanhy Saldanha-- who were in Parrikar cabinet when his government was toppled in the year 2005.BJP Goa unit president Laxmikant Parsekar, who got elected from Mandrem constituency, tribal leader Ramesh Tawadkar and Dayanand Mandrekar will also be taking oath.Ramakrishna Dhavalikar, a legislator from Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP), will also be inducted in the cabinet. He was transport minister in Congress-led cabinet and had resigned before March 3 polls.MGP had fought Goa polls in alliance with the BJP. The saffron party led by Parrikar had swept March 3 polls reducing Congress numbers to a single digit in the legislative assembly.Also, Parrikar will chair the first cabinet meeting after the swearing in.Parrikar had on Thursday said that various issues of priority would be taken up in the first cabinet meeting.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12192571", "title": "Uganda warlord stirs the web", "text": "Joseph Kony was a little known Ugandan warlord until three days ago. Not until a 30-minute documentary, Make Kony Famous , by the American advocacy group and non-profit organization Invisible Children became viral on YouTube with with over 26 million hits. The group accuses his Lord's Resistance Army (LRA) of atrocities that include the killing and mutilating of thousands of people, turning young boys into soldiers and forcing girls to become sex slaves. The group wants Kony to be arrested and his body of men disarmed.The group says the film has been created to \"raise support for his arrest and set a precedent for international justice\" .Kony, a jungle militia leader is wanted for human rights atrocities by the the International Criminal Court and is being hunted by 100 US Special Forces operators in four Central African countries. The US has stationed troops in bases in Uganda, Congo, South Sudan and the Central African Republic as part of the anti-LRA fight. The #Kony2012 hashtag has been trending worldwide on Twitter and received more support after international celebrities like Justin Bieber , Rihanna , Taylor Swift and Kim Kardashian posted about the movement online . In India, Kony was trending on Thursday with users posting links to the YouTube film on Twitter and Facebook. \"Videos like this make you realize what a cushioned life all of us lead. Don't ignore this video,\" Facebook user Manjari Verma Mathew posted .On YouTube, the video has received 290,516 comments.However, A Tumblr blog called Visible Children- Kony 2012 Criticism, written by a Canadian political science student is the strongest counter point. It claims that Kony is no longer active in Uganda and hasn't been since 2006.It also has the photo of the founders of Invisible Children posing with guns and members of the Sudan People's Liberation Army , who are also riddled with accusations of rape and looting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12196479", "title": "Siddharth does a Mahesh Babu", "text": "Recently Mahesh was given the responsibility of promoting Thumbs Up soft drink all over India and now Frooti has signed up Siddharth to up their sales.Actor Siddharth is a happy man these days. He has struck gold with his first production Love Failure and has been beaming with joy. Additionally he signed a big deal with popular brand and is pretty excited about it. Sid will be endorsing 'Frooti' across India. He has been selected as the National brand ambassador for Frooti.Recently Mahesh was given the responsibility of promoting Thumbs Up soft drink all over India and now Frooti has signed up Siddharth to up their sales. He has already done the ad shoot and also dubbed for it in different languages. An elated Sid tweeted \"Dubbed for my first Frooti TV ad in Hindi, Telugu, Tamil, Kannada, Malayalam, Marathi, Bangla, &amp; English..can't wait for you all to see it\".He recollected his childhood memories too in his typical style. \"Time to announce my new brand guys...it's a huge part of my childhood. Our childhood in India, Tetra pack explosions after school.. remember?\"\"I am so happy and proud to be the first ever brand ambassador of FROOTI. This summer starts on a fresh &amp; juicy note for me!\" stated a jubilant Siddharth.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12191450", "title": "Vigilance department rejects RTI query", "text": "HYDERABAD: An RTI query seeking information pertaining to the functioning of the State Vigilance Commission was turned down, that too almost a month after filing the application. The RTI query, filed on January 31, had asked \"details of the sanctions sought from the department relating to prosecution or investigation of corrupt officials from the year 2007 to 2011.\" The commission sent a reply on February 28 stating that the information sought was \"vague and not specific\".A similar query to Central Vigilance Commission received a response within a few days, which was posted on its website. Officials of the state vigilance commission justified their reply to the RTI query and blamed the usage of word \"sanction\" for denying a response. \"We only recommend and do not have the authority to initiate any action. It would be better if the applicant approaches the government department concerned which initiates action, they would be in a better position to reply to it,\" a senior official of the vigilance commission said. He added, \"We also do not maintain records for long duration and hence, it would not be easy to share information related to past cases.\"The vigilance commission on its website, however, said that it sanctioned prosecution of 99 officers and 130 non-gazetted officers during 2010-11 but the RTI query had sought names and designations of these officers.The query was filed by RTI activist C J Karira who will now make a first appeal by approaching the appellate authority of the commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12190892", "title": "Man gets life term for killing daughter", "text": "CHENNAI: In a rare conviction for a case of honour killing in the state, a Mahilar Court (Women's Court) here has awarded life sentence to 57-year-old K Kuppusamy, who killed his 15-year-old daughter Varalakshmi, by setting her ablaze. The incident occurred five years ago at Nesapakkam on January 30, 2007.Varalakshmi, a Class 10 student, was murdered by her father Kuppusamy, as he was opposed to her affair with Jagadeesh, a boy who lived in the same colony.Passing orders on Thursday, special judge R Sethumadhavan said this was \"a clear case of honourable homicide\", also called 'honour killing'. \"We cannot view it as a matter between a father and daughter or that it is [an issue] within their family. It is clearly a murder and culpable homicide committed by one person against another person,\" the judge observed.Special public prosecutor Gowri Ashokan, who appeared for the state, established that Kuppusamy disapproved of his daughter's affair with Jagadeesh. Varalakshmi was sent to live with her uncle Mohan after her parents found out about the affair. However, she continued to be in touch with Jagadeesh.Enraged when he came to know of it, Kuppusamy dragged Varalakshmi out of the house around 9.45am and pulled her to a river bank close to the compound of Mata Amrita Vidyalaya School. He then doused her with kerosene. Even though she pleaded with him not to set fire on her and that she would obey him, he set her ablaze, eyewitnesses Elumalai and Raghu said. They lodged a complaint with the MGR Nagar police station after the incident.When Kuppusamy pleaded for a lenient sentence, the judge noted that if a father was not happy with his daughter's behaviour in having an affair, the maximum he could have done is to \"cut off social relations\". \"But he cannot take the law into his own hands to kill his daughter,\" the judge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12192451", "title": "\u2018Dark horse\u2019 wins race to top Cong post in BMC", "text": "MUMBAI: South Mumbai Congress corporator Dhyanraj Nikam has claimed the party's top post in the BMC after he has been nominated as the leader of the opposition in the civic body. Nikam, who will serve his third term as a corporator, was considered a dark horse for the coveted post.He was preferred over Bhandup corporator Suresh Koparkar and Andheri corporator Devendra (Bala) Amberkar, who were seen as the frontrunners in the race.Party sources said Nikam's name came up following a meeting at chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's residence on Tuesday. State party president Manikrao Thakre, MPs Eknath Gaikwad, Milind Deora, state ministers Naseem Khan and Varsha Gaikwad, among others were present at the meeting.Thakre endorsed Nikam's name on Wednesday after a meeting with newly-elected corporators. Formalities regarding the appointment were completed the same day. The party also endorsed the name of former corporator Parul Mehta as its choice for the nominated corporator's post. Mehta had quit the BJP to join the Congress in 2009.Both the developments were being seen in party circles as a setback to MP Gurudas Kamat's camp, which had been aggressively pitching for Amberkar as the opposition leader. Amberkar's name had been supported by most newly-elected corporators from parliamentary constituencies belonging to Kamat and MP Priya Dutt. A few corporators from other constituencies had also backed him. But the scales tilted in Nikam's favour after most corporators from South Mumbai (MP Milind Deora's constituency), South Central Mumbai (MP Eknath Gaikwad's constituency) and North East Mumbai (where Naseem Khan enjoys clout) endorsed his candidature.Sanjay Nirupam, the party's MP from Mumbai North, who had endorsed Sheetal Mhatre's name, also seemingly conveyed that Nikam would be the second choice for corporators from his constituency. Mehta's candidature as a nominated corporator was backed by Nirupam, while Kamat had been rallying for outgoing corporator Dharmesh Vyas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12197577", "title": "Veteran actress Radha Kumari passed away", "text": "Veteran actress Radha Kumari (wife of noted actor Ravi Kondala Rao) passed away in the wee hours of Thursday, after suffering a heart stroke at her residence in Mothi Nagar. She breathed her last at the age of 70.Radha Kumari started her career as a stage artiste right at the age of 12. She entered the Telugu film industry in 1962 with the film 'Tene Manasulu', directed by Adurthi Subba Rao. She acted in over 600 films and was known for her versatile roles.Radha Kumari is a native of Vizianagaram and is survived by a son RV Sashikumar. Several prominent film personalities mourned the death of Radha Kumari. Gulte.com expresses its heartfelt condolences to the family members of this talented artist.source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12201921", "title": "Builders told to get occupancy papers", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) has asked building owners and builders to obtain construction completion and occupancy certificates from the corporation before occupying apartments, both commercial and residential.The corporation, in a notice issued on Wednesday, stated that a large number of buildings in the city have been occupied without such certificates. GMC commissioner Puru Gupta has warned all architects, structural engineers, builders and owners of buildings of penal action if they occupy high rises without occupancy certificates.The corporation has appealed to occupants of buildings to insist for two certificates before taking possession. \"It ensures structural safety and design as per approved plan,\" the notice stated.According to rules, it is mandatory to submit completion certificate of the building and obtain occupancy certificate before taking possession. The owner or builder of buildings through the licensed architect, engineer or structural engineer, who has supervised the construction, must give notice to the GMC regarding completion of the work as required under clause 17 (a) &amp; (b) of building bylaws before occupation.On February 21, GMC served notices on owners of 30 commercial buildings in the city for flouting building bylaws. A GMC official said the civic body will shut down these 30 buildings from March 15 if they are found not complying with building bylaws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12194234", "title": "Rope across ditch lands man in ICU with broken ribs, head injury", "text": "PUNE: Businessman Nareshsingh Gahlot (53) suffered serious injuries when he got entangled in a rope tied to two barricades to cordon off a ditch dug by the civic administration on the Pune-Satara road on Wednesday. Gahlot, who fractured his ribs, collar bone and suffered a head injury, was kept in the intensive care unit of a city hospital till 5 pm on Thursday, before being shifted to a private room.The incident took place around 11 pm on Wednesday when Gahlot was going home from work. The civic staff had earlier dug a ditch near City Pride multiplex to clear an obstruction in the water pipeline that had affected water supply to many housing societies for the last four days. The civic workers did not fill the ditch. They placed two barricades on both sides of the ditch that were tied with a rope, which went across the road.Gahlot was on a two-wheeler and did not see the rope since the street lights were dim. When he came near the ditch, he drove into the rope, got entangled and fell off his two-wheeler, near the ditch.\"There were only two barricades to guard the pit. There was a huge distance of about 40 feet between them. These barricades were tied with a rope. No red flags or reflectors were installed near the barricades to warn commuters of the danger ahead. There was no chance that anybody could see the ditch and the rope tied to the barricades,\" said Rupesh Ture, a witness, while speaking to TOI.Ture, who lives in one of the housing societies that was affected by the disruption in water supply, said that he and some of the residents had come to see the repair work when the accident happened. \"We suddenly heard a loud noise. We went to check the ditch and saw the man lying unconscious on the road. We could not get any information about him as his mobile phone was missing from the spot. Fortunately, we found his visiting card. Some of us took him to a hospital and the others went to his residence to inform his family,\" Ture said.Abhishek Jagtap, another witness, said that proper barricading of the ditch could have averted the mishap. \"There was nobody to man the spot, when the incident took place. The road has heavy traffic and Gahlot could have been hit by another vehicle. The road was not properly repaired after the pipeline was cleared of the obstruction,\" he said.People who took Gahlot to the hospital had a tough time locating his address or calling his relatives. Gahlot's daughter works in a call centre and was on duty. She came to the hospital around 2 am.\"The whole family is in a state of shock. He was in the ICU from Wednesday night to Thursday afternoon,\" said his daughter, Tanushree Gahlot. Gahlot is a contractor, who provides manpower for security agencies and was going home from work via the Pune-Satara road.\"Had the local residents not shown the presence of mind to check my father's pockets we wouldn't have known what happened. The civic staff should have barricaded the spot properly or deputed somebody to warn people,\" she said.Madhav Deshpande, ward officer at Bibvewadi ward office, said that repair work was carried out by the water supply department. \"Putting proper and adequate barricades around the ditch is the responsibility of the water supply department. So I will not be able to comment on the matter,\" he said.Nandakumar Jagtap, executive engineer of the water supply department, said, \"We had tied a rope to the barricades because we have seen that people often go through the gap between the two barricades. The rope was tied as an additional protection.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "12196325", "title": "Congress stakes claim to form government in Uttarakhand", "text": "DEHRADUN: Governor Margaret Alva says Congress has the required number and she will invite it for government formation when it elects its leader.The Congress on Friday said it would form the government in Uttarakhand with the support of three independents and a regional party member, ending days of uncertainty after a hung verdict in the hill state.Congress chief Yashpal Arya told reporters that he has letters of support from all the three independent members and the lone lawmaker from the Uttarakhand Kranti Dal-Panwar (UKD-P), Pritam Singh Panwar.Dinesh Dhanai, one of the independents, confirmed his support to the Congress.Uncertainty had engulfed government formation in the state following the election results Tuesday, with no party crossing the halfway mark of 35 members in the state assembly.The Congress emerged as the single largest party with 32 members followed by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) with 31. The BJP, which ruled the state in the last five years, had also maintained that it would try to retain power.But with four more legislators backing it, the Congress has 36 members supporting it in the 70-member assembly.The Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) got three seats but has so far kept its cards close to its chest on whether or not to support the Congress.However, the BSP said it was in talks with both the Congress and the BJP before taking a final decision on extending support to either of the two.\"We are in contact with both BJP as well as Congress,\" said BSP leader Surajmal, known only by his first name.Surajmal said party chief Mayawati would decide the issue of being part of the new government or remaining in the opposition. \"Whatever direction comes from Mayawatiji, we will follow.\"Congress leader Arya said the decision regarding leader of the Congress Legislative Party would be taken by the party national leadership in New Delhi.Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12191402", "title": "Citizens play whistle blowers", "text": "HYDERABAD: There is a spurt in complaints on land grabbing at the weekly 'Mee Kosam' programme conducted by the Hyderabad district administration on Mondays. In the past few weeks, on an average, three to five complaints on encroachment of government land have been reported at the interface with citizens.During the 'Mee Kosam' programme on February 5, residents of Subhash Chandra Bose Nagar, Yousufguda, lodged a complaint stating that land sharks were trying to sell government land (spread over an extent of 20 acres) located near Shivamma Papireddy Hills. The land sharks are alleged to have set their eyes on the nearby nine-acre land.Revenue authorities, who responded to the complaint, directed the Khairatabad tehsildar to conduct a probe and initiate action against the land grabbers.In another instance, locals of Afzalsagar lodged a complaint during the 'Mee Kosam' on February 27 stating that an extent of 5.38 acre government land was being encroached by land mafia. Hyderabad joint collector Yogitha Rana, who received the complaint, directed the revenue authorities to probe the matter and submit a report.As per another complaint, a 27-acre wakf land in Asifnagar mandal is facing threat from squatters. CPM activists met the revenue authorities during 'Mee Kosam' and lodged a complaint that land, belonging to Toli Masjid and located in survey numbes 200, 202, 204, 4,766, was being encroached upon and land sharks were trying to put up structures on 15.39 acre of inam land in survey nos. 172, 174, 181, 183 and 187.\"Thus, on an average, four to five complaints are pouring in during the face-to-face programme held on the Hyderabad collectorate premises every Monday. Though revenue authorities are gathering information on encroachments, many cases were coming to light during the programme,\" a senior revenue official told TOI. The complaints would be forwarded to tehsildars concerned to conduct probe and submit reports to the Hyderabad collector. In some instances, land sharks encroached government land and were trying to sell it to realtors by fabricating documents. \"We alerted revenue authorities and protected our land at Asifnagar, Shaikpet and Madhapur mandals,\" the official added.Land mafia grab government land and create legal problems by approaching courts. To prevent government land from being encroached, the Hyderabad collectorate has taken an initiative to put details of government properties on the Hyderabad official portal.Almost all tehsildars have completed their work and started uploading maps. \"By March-end, the portal will be launched officially and anybody can visit the site before purchasing land and check its status,\" the revenue official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195335", "title": "In lieu of mankind", "text": "Two French artists will be presenting a thoughtprovoking drama centred around a woman's need for a manLove can be the most beautiful thing in the world. At times, it might seem elusive, and there's no doubt , it makes those touched by it, feel a wisp of ecstacy every time they brush past it.But love is also a nebulous zone, where not all things are demarcated by the division of black and white. That could be the essence of a French play that will be presented to Chennaiites this Saturday.Titled The Seed Giver, the dance drama is an adaptation of the autobiographical tale of Violette Ailhaud. The 19th century Frenchwoman had written the story from her experience as a teenager when all the men in her village had been slain in the course of a political repression. The ladies of the village took a vow that any man who comes along, would become their common husband, so that each one of the women, could become a mother.Bringing this play to life are two French artists, who have been living in India for many years now - Anne Bressanges, an actress and Nancy Boissel Cormier, a danseuse. The director of the play, Estelle Guihard tells us more about the production, \"The two artists had discovered this great work of literature and they had brought it to me, with hopes of turning it into something we'd all be proud about. I read the story and was instantly enamoured by the sheer intensity and depth of emotions portrayed in it. And of course, the universal themes explored in the narrative allowed us ladies to use this performance as a platform to showcase both Indian and French pride.\"When we probed Estelle to elaborate on the ideas touched upon by this play, she says, \"There is a contemporary allegory in this tale - whether it's the situation in Kashmir or even the aftermath of the World Wars. Women have always borne the brunt of losing the men in their life. Our production does not endorse any ideology of feminism per se. It's an exploration of why a woman needs a man, in the emotional, psychological and physical sense of the word.\"The drama, which has music by Souri Rajan, will have overhead subtitles in English.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12191117", "title": "HC rejects Dhivaharan wife's plea", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Thursday directed the dean of Government Medical College to examine V Dhivakaran, who has been lodged in the Trichy Central Prison.Justice K K Sasidharan gave the direction on the petition filed by Hemalatha, wife of V Dhivaharan seeking to transfer her husband, a remand prisoner, to any private specialty hospital or Geethanjali Hospital in Trichy, as he requires immediate medical attention and assistance for his survival.The judge also said he was of the view that Dhivaharan should be examined by medical officers of the Government Medical college hospital. Therefore, the superintendent of police of Trichy Central Prison is directed to produce him before dean. The dean was directed constitute a committee comprising a cardiologist and other experts, and file a report before the court on March 12.In her petition, Hemalatha said on February 2, her husband was arrested on false cases and was remanded to judicial custody. She said her husband is a chronic diabetic patient, is suffering from serious illness for several years, had also undergone a major heart surgery in 1998 and is continuously under the medication and supervision of the doctors.Hemalatha further told the court that her husband is also having a problem in his neuro veins and was taking treatment for both heart and also neurological problems. After his arrest, her husband was not taken care of with proper medical assistance and his ailment requires periodical health check-up.\"Food supplied to her husband is not suitable for his health. His health condition is worsening and his life is in danger. Unless my husband is shifted to any reputed private hospital in Trichy I cannot save my husband,\" she pleaded. However, the court dismissed her plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12201743", "title": "Ganga Mela to be held next week", "text": "KANPUR: The people will again get a chance to drench the near and dear ones in colours on the occasion of Ganga Mela to be celebrated on the coming Wednesday.The mela is held in Anuradha Nakshtra, three to seven days after the full moon. Ganga Mela is a unique festival of Kanpur which is held seven days after Holi.It is celebrated in the memory of revolutionaries who were released by British government after being made captive during 1857 revolution.People first play with colours. Thereafter they head towards various banks of the Ganga for taking a dip. In the other parts of the country, Holi Mela is observed on same day in the evening.The charm of the festival could be seen in the old localities of the city where colour would be played. In the evening, Ganga Mela would be held at Sarsaiyya Ghat and Massacre Ghat, where people from all walks of life would gather to greet each other.Old localities like Hatia, Nayaganj, Birhana Road and others are ready to observe the festival. Gulal is the most preferred colour used in this festival. People of all ages fondly participate in the festivities, which marks the end of the week-long Holi celebrations.The district administration had chalked out elaborate security arrangements for the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195830", "title": "Manhar Udhas questions attitude of present-day singers!", "text": "Singer Manhar Udhas feels that today's young singers are focusing too much on materialistic gainsManhar Udhas, who has sung such unforgettable numbers as Loote koi man ka nagar, Hum tumhe chahte hai aise, Har kisi ko nahin milta and Tu mera jaani hai in films over the years and worked with the best in the business, feels that times have changed significantly. He rues, \"It's very different. In our times, we hardly got to know much about the personal lives of our idols because there was no source for much information. Today's singers, on the other hand, are to be seen everywhere. But probably, a majority of singers from this generation are focusing too much on materialistic gains. Immediately after winning a reality show, they focus more on big cars and posh houses instead of honing their skills further. That kind of attitude never helps in the long run and it takes years of dedication and hard work to leave an everlasting impression on listeners.\"He also says that he has no regrets about moving away from singing for films while he was still going great guns. \"It's true that usually, people do the reverse and no one wants to go for other forms of music while at the peak of their career in Bollywood. But then, although singing Gujarati ghazals over film songs at that phase involved great risk, I went ahead and did what my heart felt right. And today, after decades, it feels nice to see that quite a few companies are coming forward to promote Gujarati ghazals. I am also open to singing bhajans in Gujarati if someone comes up with it, because I think it has got great potential.\" he smiles. Talking about ghazals in general, he feels, \"Jagjit Singh's death has certainly left a huge void as far as ghazals are concerned. People like him will forever remain immortal because of the sheer quality of their work.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12198566", "title": "Holi claims seven lives on Delhi roads", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seven people were killed in road accidents in various parts of the capital on Holi day Thursday -- the lowest figure of casualty on the festival day since 2000, police said Friday.Of these, four deaths were the result of motorcycles crashing into a tree or a poll, an official said.\"While my heart goes for the seven persons who got killed in road accidents Thursday, it is a big relief that accidents were lowest in Delhi on Holi since year 2000,\" said Satyendra Garg, Joint Commissioner of Police (Traffic).\"Though we wished it could have been ZERO, but good to know these were lowest (number of) accidents,\" he added.While 10 people were killed in 2000 on Holi, 2006 claimed 22 lives which was the maximum in the past 12 years.Last year (2011), 13 people lost their lives in accidents in the capital.A total of 777 people were caught and fined for drunken driving during a special traffic police drive on the occasion of Holi Thursday.According to Garg, 597 two-wheelers, 123 cars and 57 other vehicles were ticketed during the drive.Special checking teams with alcometers were deployed at major intersections to detect and prosecute violators.A total of 200 special Traffic Police checking teams were spread all over Delhi to check drunken driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12202074", "title": "7 sonography clinics lose registrations", "text": "SURAT: Continuing its crackdown on violators of Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PNDT) Act and, the district health department cancelled registrations of seven sonography clinics on Friday.Official sources said the department has cancelled over 129 sonography registrations of gynecologists and radiologists in the last two years.Now, the district has 379 registered sonography clinics and that regular checks are conducted by the department every month.Recently, Surat district has registered the lowest sex ratio in the state over the last decade, with only 873 females to every 1,000 males in the 0-6 age group. Incidentally, Surat's neighboring tribal district, the Dang, has the highest sex ratio in the state of 999.\"The registration of sonography clinics have been cancelled for various reasons, including not maintaining the medical reports of the pregnant women , violating the PNDT Act, complaints from the aware citizens etc,\" chief district health officer (CDHO) Dr R K Kanchal said.Kanchal added, \"Our campaign against the illegal activities in the sonography clinics is going on since 2010 and will continue.\"Sources said notices were issued to about 34 sonography clinics in the district for furnishing the medical reports and data of the pregnant women.The seven clinics, which did not complied with the notices, are facing the cancellation of their sonography registration.This means the gynecologists and radiologists of these seven clinics would not be allowed to perform sonography tests of the pregnant women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12191082", "title": "Modi slams freight rate hike", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In yet another letter to PM Manmohan Singh, Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi has expressed fears that the hike in railway freight fare would further raise the fuel surcharge by 20-25 paise a unit.Modi has said in his letter that the sudden decision to hike the railway freight fare by 20% through the backdoor, just a week before the presentation of the railway budget, diminished the supremacy of the Parliament.Modi wrote: \"While the freight increase will adversely impact all sectors, my immediate concern is its further impact to cripple the power sector especially in states like Gujarat which are dependent upon coal linkages from distant places.\" He adds, \"The burden due to this has almost cost Gujarat's power units an additional burden of Rs 1,900 crore... the impact of the decision (on freight fare) will be another Rs 300 crore.\"The Gujraj CM said this was his fourth letter on various issues in a fortnight. He said that the concerns highlighted by him have serious consequences on central-state relations and on the federal structure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12192166", "title": "\u2018Kids may have traded dye as colours\u2019", "text": "More than 195 people were hospitalized in the city with complaints of giddiness, burning sensation on skin, nausea and vomiting after reports of colour poisoning.Police suspected the toxic substance may have come from a deserted leather tannery in Dharavi. The Dharavi police registered an FIR against unknown persons for causing harm by dangerous means, voluntarily causing hurt and mischief under sections 337, 338, 324, 325 and 425 of the Indian Penal Code. \"There is a major leather tanning industry in Dharavi,\" said assistant commissioner of police Prabhakar Satam. \"It is possible that some children mistook leftover tanning dye for Holi colours and traded in it.\"Health minister Suresh Shetty asked a team from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to collect samples and investigate the incident. A little later, the police asked officials from the forensic science laboratory to collect colour samples.Most patients said they experienced the symptoms a few hours after playing with the colours, while some said they started feeling uneasy after coming in contact with water.Nitin Tak (12), who was admitted to Sion Hospital's ward 3, only remembered having \"taken gulal\" from his friends. \"I started playing holi at around 8am. After two-three hours, I came home, took a shower and went off to sleep,\" he said. Tak's mother Huli said he woke up in a daze, feeling giddy and unable to walk. He was rushed to the hospital.At Rajawadi Hospital in Ghatkopar, 12 patients, including two children, were admitted for colour poisoning. Residents of the Railway Colony in Kurla, they showed symptoms similar to those exhibited by Dharavi patients. The hospital, early on, said that two patients were critical and admitted in MICU. Around 11pm, one 13-year-old patient, Vicky Valmiki, died. \"The patients came with symptoms like nausea, giddiness, headache and were immediately admitted,\" said a doctor from the hospital.The director of major hospitals and dean of KEM Hospital, Dr Sanjay Oak, said it was suspected that a chemical compound like Benzene (commonly used in paint and dye industry) caused the poisoning. \"But we will know for sure only after the tests. At least the symptoms of patients are hinting towards that.\" Oak added that all patients will be discharged after 24 hours. \"The antidote has been given. Now, oxygen administration and monitoring is being done.\" Oak explained that colour poisoning occurs as toxic chemical get absorbed through the skin and deprive the body of oxygen. Most patients were given the methylene blue injection that helps haemoglobin carry oxygen better. Though Sion Hospital initially ran out of stock, it managed to restore the supply by making immediate purchases.The state government has set up a five-member committee to probe the Dharavi episode, said additional chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia. The panel will be headed by medical education secretary I S Chahal and will include state pollution control board member secretary Milind Mhaiskar, additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar, FDA commissioner Mahesh Zagade, a joint commissioner of police, the director of industrial safety, and the director of health department. The committee will submit its report in two weeks. \"We will ensure that such incidents do not get repeated in the future,\" Banthia said.(With inputs from S Ahmed Ali )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "bhavnagar", "code": "12202101", "title": "Two drown in Bhavnagar", "text": "BHAVNAGAR: In separate incidents two youths got drowned in Bhavnagar in the last 24 hours. One of them, Ehzad Gundigara drowned in the sea when he went to collect a ball near Kuda village, some 20 km from Bhavnagar. He was playing cricket with his friends on the beach. In another incident, Pradhyuman Gohil, 16, of Songadh village drowned when he went to take a bath in a lake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "helsinki", "code": "12196197", "title": "Nokia reveals CEO\u2019s 2011 salary in SEC filing", "text": "HELSINKI: Nokia Oyj Chief Executive Officer Stephen Elop received pay and options valued at 7.94 million euros ($10.5 million) in 2011 as he worked on a turnaround plan and brought out the company's first Windows Phones.Elop got 1.02 million euros in base salary and 473,070 euros as a bonus for 2011. His pay also included deferred compensation in the form of stock awards and options and payment of 2.08 million euros to make up for lost salary from his previous employer, Microsoft Corp, Nokia said in its 20-F filing with the US Securities and Exchange Commission.Elop, 48, was appointed in September 2010 to turn around the company's struggling smartphone business. After a five-month asset review, he announced a turnaround strategy based on cooperation with Microsoft to build Windows Phone handsets, as well as investments to bring more smartphone capabilities to the Espoo, Finland-based company's low-end phones. He has unveiled four Lumia Windows Phone handsets since October as sales of Nokia's earlier Symbian smartphones plummeted.The CEO can get an additional bonus of as many as 750,000 shares if the company's total shareholder return is competitive with peers and if the share price reaches at least 9 euros by the end of 2012, according to the filing.Nokia hasn't traded at that price since May 2010. The shares fell 1.4 per cent to 3.78 euros at 4:30 p.m. in Helsinki. Chairman Jorma Ollila received 440,000 euros in 2011 for his last full year at Nokia. Risto Siilasmaa , the founder and chairman of F-Secure Oyj, has been nominated to lead the board after Ollila, who built Nokia into the world's largest mobile phone maker as chief executive officer, retires in May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12192493", "title": "Few takers for foreign languages in UoM", "text": "MYSORE: The demand for foreign languages in the University of Mysore (UoM) seems to be fluctuating in the past five years.The School of Foreign Languages was established in 1971, with an aim to provide part time foreign language courses such as German, Russian and French. The course is available in four different forms short-term, certificate, junior diploma and senior diploma courses.In 2005, the number of students who joined foreign languages was 42, even though it increased to 57 the next year, it failed to keep up the same tempo. For the past three years, the number of students in all the three foreign language classes has not touched 50. Last year, the number of students who joined the course was just 36.Adding to the woes, the university is also facing stiff competition from private foreign language institutes. Usually, classes are held in the evenings. Students have to go through both viva and theory if they want to get into junior and senior diploma courses, which will be held in May. Speaking to The Times of India, coordinator of School of Foreign Languages, K Ravindranath Pai, denies that the demand for foreign languages has come down. \"I don't think the demand has decreased for foreign languages. With the semester system, assignments and practical students have to manage both main courses and foreign languages which could be tough to balance. For German, we receive students from engineering background, and for French, we receive students from arts and science background,\" he said. Students need to devote time to learn new languages. Even if they miss a single class it will be tough to learn, he said. Students from School of Foreign Languages have been successfully employed in different areas like tourist guides, translators and teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12197440", "title": "I thought my daughter was playing a prank: Girish Kulkarni", "text": "National Award-winning actor-writer Girish Kulkarni dedicates his award to his daughter SharaviHe was won two most coveted awards in the country and is attending numerous calls from friends and well-wishers. But, you are taken aback by the stark simplicity of Girish Kulkarni, who has won National Awards for Best Actor and best Dialogue Writer for Marathi film Deool, as he says: \"\"I am really excited like a child. Getting an award brings out child-like glee in everyone and I'm no exception; and this award is for my daughter Sharavi!\"\" With that, Girish is ready for a relaxed conversation, interspersed with dollops of laughter...Daughter broke the newsThe man, who has suddenly become media's darling, recounts: \"\"Interestingly, my teenage daughter broke the news when I had gone to pick her up from school. I was chatting with her friend's dad and my cell was in the car. Sharavi came rushing to me with the cell and said that a reporter had called because I had won a National Award. I really thought she was playing a prank on me. But, then the barrage of calls started and I faced the reality.\"\"Vidya's redefined the heroineGirish is quite thrilled that Vidya Balan is sharing the top slot as the winner of National Award for Best Actress. \"The lady deserves kudos for extending the boundaries of a heroine. She has redefined the role of the lead actress and broken all barriers. Her strong portrayals have given a new respect to women in films,\"\" says he.Nana Nana NareDeool is a film, which essentially dwells on the plight of Indian villages and educated rural youth, who are facing the vagaries of globalisation. With heavyweights like Nana Patekar , Dilip Prabhawalkar and Mohan Agashe matching wits in the film, it's Girish who has stolen the thunder. Has it ruffled a few feathers? He replies: \"\"Dilip Kaka sent me a sweet SMS, and I'm sure Nana and Mohan Agashe will be equally thrilled for me because we bond very well off screen too. In fact, I'm going to call Nana and seek his blessings.\"\"Need to marketThe man knows how to keep things serene around him, but does he also plan to market his films and himself tad better? Because those who have tried to speak to Girish will vouch for the fact, that he has no official website. And there's no contact number listed on the website of Deool either. Isn't this lack of marketing responsible for Marathi cinema not making its presence felt despite so much of talent? Agreeing, he replies: \"Yes, our Marathi films and Marathi stars are not aggressive enough when it comes to reaching out to national audience. But, I plan to make amends with my films at least. For the past few years, we have started showcasing our films in international film fests. But, in other arenas, we need to pull our socks.\"Bollywood is staple dietHe maybe trying to compete with Bollywood in marketing sphere, but Girish readily admits: \"\"I'm a diehard Bollywood buff, brought up on the stable diet of Hindi films. And newage B'town filmmakers like Dibakar Banerjee, Anurag Kashyap and Vishal Bhardwaj are my friends, who are extremely inspirational. Their works have broken language divides and nurtured creativity everywhere!\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12193320", "title": "Obama, Karzai hold video conference, discuss range of issues", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama held a video conference with his Afghan counterpart Hamid Karzai during which they discussed the current security situation in Afghanistan and the progress in the reconciliation process with the Taliban .\"President Karzai updated the President on the security situation in Afghanistan, which has calmed since the events of recent weeks. The two Presidents discussed a range of issues of mutual interest, including US-Afghan Strategic Partnership negotiations; Afghan-led reconciliation; and regional matters,\" White House press secretary Jay Carney told reporters at his daily news conference.Obama and Karzai noted the progress toward concluding a Strategic Partnership that reinforces Afghan sovereignty while addressing the practical requirements of transition, Carney said, adding that Karzai also updated Obama on developments toward Afghan-led reconciliation talks.\"Finally, the President and President Karzai agreed that it is in both our interest to continue a partnership that is based on mutual respect, and they agreed to stay in close touch in the lead-up to the NATO Summit in Chicago ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12192175", "title": "Gorai housewife ends life at home", "text": "MUMBAI: A 22-year-old housewife hanged herself to death from the ceiling fan of her Gorai residence on Wednesday. Reshma Shinde left behind a suicide note in which she held no one responsible for her death.Reshma got married to Prashant Shinde (28), who works in a private firm, in 2009. The couple has a twoyear-old daughter and the three stayed with Reshma's in-laws at Chinmay Society on LT Road. A homemaker, she was pursuing a course on hair-styling and beauty.On Wednesday afternoon, Reshma was alone at home, with Prashant (28) and her father-in-law, Shrirang (51), away at work and her mother-in-law, Shakuntala (50), along with her child, gone to market.\"Around 1.15pm, when Reshma did not respond to the doorbell, Shakuntala called a few neighbours who broke the door open. They found her hanging from her bedroom fan,\" the police said. \"At Bhagwati Hospital, she was declared dead.\"In the note, Reshma said she was \"tired of her life\". She added she had taken the step of her own accord. The MHB police recorded the statements of Reshma's inlaws, parents and neighbours. \"Reshma's father, Sitaram Mane (57), told us that he did not suspect foul play,\" the police said. \"Mane also said Reshma had never complained of harassment or any marital problem.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195133", "title": "Women's day celebration in Bangalore", "text": "What do women do when they get together to celebrate Women's Day? Wear their prettiest summer dresses and snazziest stilettos? Check.Enjoy tall drinks in vivid colours like fiery orange, hot red and sparkling gold? Check. Get their hands soaked in the softest creams and coolest balms? Check. But add a cardio striptease and some rhumba dancing to the mix and the party hits another level altogether.All this and more happened at a do organized only for the gals, with Wanita Ashok, Nalini Nanjundayya and Avril Quadros at the helm of all the affairs of the afternoon. The guests arrived in their bright florals and flowy dresses, all geared up to have a great time, and whether it meant crawling on their hands to do some of the cardio moves, flapping their skirts to the beats of a Latino song, or just hitting the floor to groove to their own favourite tunes, they were sportive enough to do it all. There were many other activities on the party repertoire too - the ladies could pop in to check out the fortune teller, listen to a lecture on how to prepare a wine facial, feel the pressure points on their wrists, recite motivational verses, take part in a raffle or just snack on the canapes that were on offer. No one wanted to head home when the party finally came to an end, but leave they did, armed with chocolate hampers and other winnings and loving the fact that they had a day dedicated exclusively to them. BT spotted Shaheen Amrolia, Babita Sharma and others having a great time at this ladies' only bash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "vapi", "code": "12202095", "title": "500 firms pulled up over biomedical waste disposal", "text": "VAPI: The Gujarat Pollution Control Board has issued nearly 500 notices hospitals and clinics of Valsad and Dang district over nonrenewal of authorization for disposal of biomedical waste for the last three years.The notices have been issued in the past one week, according to official sources. Those issued notices included 19 primary health centers and four community health centres of Valsad and nine PHCs and three CHCs of Dang.Regional officer, GPCB, Vapi, G V Patel said out of 637 hospitals and clinics registered, 500 did not renew their authorization since last many years and some of them did not even apply for authorization.Patel said it was a matter of serious concern that PHCs and CHCs run by the state and central government at both the tribal districts were not very serious in following the rules and guidelines of biomedical waste disposal for such a long period of time.They were given 15 days ultimatum to fulfill authorization-related procedures in notices issued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12194582", "title": "Young, vibrant Pune beckons international artistes", "text": "PUNE: Bryan Adams, Edward Maya, Markus Schulz, Flo Rida , Albin Myers, T-Pain , Susheela Raman - all have one thing in common, besides their connection to music. They have all performed in Pune in the last one year. On March 10, Grammy award-winning artiste and producer DJ David Guetta, too, is all set to make the city groove to his beats.Some of the performers, like Adams, have said that \"the crowd in Pune was more enthusiastic than that in Mumbai\".Says Nishikant Joshi, director of an event management organization, \"Artistes have suddenly become open to the idea of performing in Pune. The Bryan Adams act ushered in a new era. International artistes have realized there's more to India than just Mumbai and Bangalore.\"In recent times, the city missed out only on two major acts - one by the lords of metal, Metallica , and the other by the woman who is making the world go gaga over her, Lady Gaga .The disappointment of Akon coming to Pune and not being able to perform has been washed away by the surge of other artistes who are making a beeline for the city.Event organizer Vikas Mehta says, \"Pune has grown. It is now on top of the list for international artistes and vying with other metros. Maybe the proximity to Mumbai also helps, as artistes who perform in Mumbai can easily make a detour and perform in Pune, too.\"One reason that the city has suddenly become a hotspot for international artistes could be that it has a thriving youth culture. This is the segment that event organisers are tapping into.Tushar Kamat, head, events division of a township in Pune that brought Bryan Adams last year and is bringing in David Guetta in a few days' time, says, \"These artistes, like David Guetta, have a mass following among the youth. This is the kind of music that is played in pubs and lounges. When such an artiste is brought to the city, it's a dream-come-true for the fans. In fact, the Guetta show was sold-out eight days ago.\"He goes on to add, \"The Adams show had as many as 22,500 people. This sent out a very positive signal to the international market. In fact, we are looking at bringing in Enrique and Shakira some time soon.\"Some organizers believe that one of the reasons these shows are taking place could be that people have more spending power today than say, five years ago. Tickets to any of these events range between Rs 1,000-Rs 10,000. Despite this, almost all the shows are jam-packed. \"For a good show people are no longer afraid to dig deep into their pockets,\" says Joshi.Artistes, too, find Pune a tad different. And, therein lies the charm. Other metros, such as Mumbai and Bangalore, have been hosting such shows for quite some time. So, maybe the novelty has worn off. For Pune, these kind of shows are something new. Their enthusiasm translates into sold-out shows and makes the event special for the artiste, too, feels Joshi.Earlier, organizing a show on such a huge scale was considered near impossible. But, now with a cooperative police and administration and budding entrepreneurs, such shows are a reality.Says Kamat, \"The civic authortities have been very supportive. They do everything they can to issue licences and permits. These shows help the tourism industry too. For example, people are coming from Mumbai for the Guetta show. Naturally that will give a boost to the service industry.\"And, last but not the least, the big advantage the city now has, is the venue. With so many new, bigger and better venues that have come up in recent times, these concerts can be organised on a large scale without the fear of overcrowding.Palash Barman, who attended the Bryan Adams show, says, \"The venue added to the event. There was ample parking space as well as well-planned enclosures. It was a huge crowd and could have become chaotic, but the organizers managed the show well.\"So, Pune music lovers have every reason to expect the performer of their dreams in their city.Artistes find Pune a tad different. And, therein lies the charm. Cities, such as Mumbai and Bangalore, have been hosting such shows for quite a while. So, maybe the novelty has worn off, says Nishikant Joshi, an event manager", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12190292", "title": "Stay clear of skimmers at ATM counters, warn cops", "text": "KOCHI: Next time when you swipe your debit or credit card at the entrance of an ATM, beware of skimmers. Criminals are fixing skimmers on ATM doors to record data from your card.They use this data to siphon off money from bank accounts and also to make fake cards. Though police have not come across any cases involving skimmers in the state, an alert has been issued to all banks to check their ATMs and sanitize the card slots if there are any other devices attached to it.Hi-tech crime enquiry cell assistant commissioner N Vinaya Kumaran Nair said around nine cases were reported in 2011 in the state in which criminals used credit card details of other persons to buy products online. \"We have alerted all banks about skimmers. Banks need to check their ATMs frequently to detect any electronic device fixed to the machine,\" he said.There are a lot of unmanned ATMs and criminals could target them. \"We have asked banks to appoint guards at unmanned ATMs. There have been incidents where people had to change their debit and credit cards after criminals collected data using skimmers,\" an officer said. According to a police intelligence report, criminals using skimmers are targeting ATMs in southern states mainly Tamil Nadu , Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. Criminals target ATMs situated along national highways as they are mainly used by businessmen, who are regularly on the move. Criminals also immediately transfer the data to a computer which processes it.According to a senior official of a nationalized bank, they are aware of the modus operandi of these criminals and have taken precautionary measures. \"The security staff at the ATMs will be trained to identify skimming devices,\" the official added.How to identify ATM skimmers1. Check for any key pad overlays and additional covers on card slots2. Look for any piece of metal or plastic around the card reader that could easily come off if you pull it.3. Check for any pinhole in a piece of equipment right above the keypad4. Always use ATMs which are situated in public areas where there are crowds5. Use ATMs which are situated inside the shopping malls, stores and branches of the banks", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12194280", "title": "Poppy from state going to Punjab, says NCB official", "text": "PUNE: The cultivation of poppy has a connection with Punjab, where its husk is given to labourers, said Yashodhan Wange, zonal director of Narcotics Control Bureau that functions under the Union home ministry.Punjab, with close to 98 per cent irrigation facilities, is a major producer of rice and wheat. It attracts jobless labourers from Bihar and Uttar Pradesh.\"The arrest of Satnam Singh, a trader from Nanded district, has revealed that poppy husk was taken to Madhya Pradesh and then to Punjab. With higher demand for labour, the substance was given to the working community through some food items or by mixing it with tea. This got them addicted. Being a depressant, the poppy husk brings down hunger pangs too,\" Wange said. As per recent reports, it was found that opium consumption was increasing among the upper class of Punjab. This was driving the demand for opium, he added.Shamrao Dighawkar, superintendent of police of Beed district, said, \"Our investigations found that farmers from Parli used to sell their poppy to some traders. Satnam Singh is one of them, while others are from Andhra Pradesh, where poppy seeds were processed to make opium from it.\"Since the last week of February, Maharashtra state police department conducted raids on farms in Beed, Sangli and Pune districts and confiscated poppy crops worth a few crores of rupees. A three-member NCB team visited farms in Parli tehsil of Beed district and conducted tests on fields to confirm that it was grown purely for producing narcotics substances.Union government issues licences every year for poppy cultivation in Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan states where buy-back rate ranges from Rs 1,500 to Rs 2,200 per kg. The pricing is linked with quality of the produce, Wange said. \"In the black market, the same crop is sold at Rs 10,000 per kg. Illegal cultivation is also found in Punjab and Maharashtra. In 2011, union government has given poppy cultivation licences to 54,000 farmers from MP, UP and Rajasthan and it was grown on 16,500 hectares in total,\" he added.Wange said the claim of some farmers' organisation that the poppy cultivation for production of poppy seeds (khas khas) was not true. He said, \"The Union government controls production of poppy seeds. Out of the total requirement within the country, only 20 % is produced locally, while the rest is imported from Turkey, where poppy crops are cultivated for export.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "hassan, karnataka", "code": "12197598", "title": "Karnataka CM's wife suffers minor injuries", "text": "HASSAN, KARNATAKA: Karnataka chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda's wife Datty suffered minor injuries when the driver of her car applied the brakes suddenly to avoid hitting a bull at Arsikere near here, police said.She suffered minor abrasions and was given first aid at a private hospital and sent off, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12199770", "title": "Rita Bahuguna Joshi resigns as UPCC chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid speculation that the Congress is mulling revamp of its leadership in UP following the poll debacle, state party chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi today handed over her resignation to Sonia Gandhi owning full responsibility for the poor performance.After meeting Gandhi at her 10, Janpath residence, Joshi told reporters that it is for the Congress President to take a decision on her resignation letter. Sent at 7:36 PM on Friday matthew.biju@gmail.com: \"Rita Bahuguna Joshi has owned responsibility. It is for the Congress President to decide on it. We will apprise you when a decision is taken,\" party spokesperson Manish Tewari told reporters.\"We do not comment on individuals,\" he said when asked whether AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh , who is the party in-charge for UP, should also quit.Tewari said that outcome of election in each of the states will be thoroughly reviewed.Rahul Gandhi , who led the high-octane campaign in the state, has already accepted the responsibility for the party's defeat.Congress had finished fourth in the elections after SP, BSP and BJP, winning only 28 seats which was marginally higher than the 22 it had secured in 2007 in the 403-member Assembly.Even in Amethi and Rae Bareli, the pocketboroughs of the Gandhi family, the results were a shocker as it managed to win only two of the five seats in the former which is Rahul's constituency, while it lost all the five in the Congress President's parliamentary seat.For Joshi (62), it was her second term as state party chief.Congress insiders said that the leadership could go in for a lot of changes in several states to prepare the party for the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.Sonia Gandhi, who held one to one interaction with party workers and reviewed the results a day after the counting, has attributed \"mistakes\" in ticket distribution, \"too many leaders\" and weak organisational structure as the key factors for the party's rout in the state.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12187464", "title": "Ajith\u2019s next plan is an NGO?", "text": "Ajith is planning to start a non-governmental organization to help the needy, states sources in the tinsel town.Thala had disbanded his fans' association on his last birthday and since then maintained that his fans would see his films no matter what. And true to this, Ajith's Mankatha went on to become a massive hit.Sources say that star is set in helping those in need and with his fans' associations, which has been carrying out such social services, no more he has decided start a non-governmental organization. It is said that Ajith will soon make an announcement about this NGO and the stuff that it would do. He is now busy with Billa 2, a film that is due to release on his birthday on May 1st.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12194939", "title": "I Am was the most difficult film to make: Onir", "text": "When director Onirban (of My Brother Nikhil fame) set out to make a film based on four core social issues - gay rights, sperm donation, child abuse and a tale of Kashmiri Pandits - he received very little support.Undeterred, the filmmaker took to social networking media to raise money to realize his dream. The response he got, says Onir, was phenomenal. \"People from different walks of life put in money to make my film. And while I was sure about my concept, I had to work to ensure that I don't disappoint those who put their faith on me. I am glad that our gamble paid off. The national recognition for I Am is a victory for independent filmmaking,\" says Onir, who brought the film to theatres without the backing of a studio or distributor.\"This award has given me a lot of strength. I Am was the most difficult film to make. Studios were not ready to acquire the film. This is a film made by the people and so this award is for them,\" he says and adds, \"Most importantly, the National Award comes at the right time, given that Section 377 is still being discussed,\" says Onir.I Am consists of four short stories - Abhimanyu, Omar, Megha and Afia. In fact, Abhimanyu and a few scenes of Omar, were shot in Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195897", "title": "It was amazing to work with Mammootty: Abhaya Simha", "text": "Director Abhaya Simha is debuting in Mollywood with Shikari, starring superstar MammoottyWe often talk about blurring the lines between regional cinemas. And national award winning director Abhaya Simha's bilingual Shikari has done just that.\"I'm glad that a great star like Mammootty did not hesitate to do a bilingual movie. Though I am not a Malayali, I have always admired the Malayalam film industry. This is one industry which can produce amazing masala movies and very sensible and serious films,\" says Abhaya, for whom working with the superstar was an amazing experience. \"He has a sound knowledge of the technical aspect of filmmaking and it was easy to convince him to do anything that the script demands. He even took risks just to make a shot better. Mammootty is so dedicated that even while he was down with high fever, he stood in freezing cold water to complete a shot,\" says the director.Shikari, according to the director, will make the audience think. \"It is an engaging movie and throws light on today's society,\" says Abhaya, adding that the highlight of the film is that Mammootty has dubbed himself for the Kannada version.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12202116", "title": "Three die in Rajkot after consuming poisonous liquor", "text": "RAJKOT: Three people died after consuming liquor mixed with potassium cyanide on Wednesday night at Shyamnagar in the city, police said. The deceased Deepak Kumarkhaniya (19), a rickshaw driver and resident of Chunarvada area, Dharmesh Makwana (14), a resident of Chunarvada, and a vagabond Lalji alias Lalo Jadav (18) were found dead in a rickshaw.A passer-by informed Deepak's uncle Valji Kumarkhaniya about the incident. Valji rushed them to civil hospital but they were declared brought dead. Police commissioner Geetha Johri too rushed to the spot.Police said they found an empty bottle of Indian made foreign liquor from the spot. \"We sent the sample to the forensic laboratory, which confirmed the presence of potassium cyanide in the bottle. The post-mortem reports too confirmed presence of poisonous substance in their viscera,\" police said.\"We suspect that Dharmesh Makwana may have brought potassium cyanide as he was working in a gold making unit where it is used. We are searching all silver and gold making furnaces in the city for clues and also questioning their friends,\" a senior police official said. He said Deepak had organized the party. \"We suspect that they may have fell short of liquor and hence may have mixed potassium cyanide to get the kick.\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12192026", "title": "Height jitters do burglar in", "text": "It was 4.45 am and I had woken up to take a leak. Suddenly I heard a sound that seemed close to my window. I thought it couldn't be, because my flat is on the third floor. So I peeped out. And what did I see? A man was clinging on for dear life. He was on a parapet alongside a pipeline, desperately looking around for an escape,\" said a resident of Sunbeam building, Pedder Road, recounting the drama that visited it in the early hours on Holi. \"I immediately informed the watchman and other residents.\"By the time the watchman and the residents gathered outside the building, it was 5.30am. The man then started yelling for help. Hemant Mehta, a resident, called up the Gamdevi police. \"I thought he was a thief, but I did not say this to the others. I didn't want to make anyone suspicious,\" said Mehta.Three policemen arrived in 15 minutes. They told the man to climb down from the parapet, to no avail. \"The policemen kept urging him on, but he simply refused. Seeing this, many of us started becoming convinced that the man was indeed a thief,\" Mehta said.\"When he did not come down, we decided to call the fire brigade,\" said senior inspector Ajit Lonankar of the Gamdevi police station.While the policemen were gone, the man tried to jump off the parapet, but lost nerve. By 6.45am, the fire brigade arrived and started a rescue operation. A fire-fighter went to a second floor window and extending his hand, told the man to grip it. But the man refused, saying he did not want to get arrested. \"The fire-fighter and the police took about 20 minutes to convince him that he would not be arrested. Only then did he relent,\" said the security guard of the building, which is a stone's throw from Lata Mangeshkar's house.After he was brought down, the police frisked him and recovered a gold necklace, a mangalsutra and a mobile phone. He identified himself as Ashok Prakash Khairnar (20) from Nehru Nagar, Worli, and told the police he had stolen the items from the fifth floor flat of NRI diamond merchant Deepak Zaveri. \"My suspicions,\" said Mehta, \"were proven true.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12192123", "title": "BMC razes illegal portions of 4 eateries, shop in Bandra", "text": "MUMBAI: Acting on a Bombay High Court order, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation demolished illegal extensions of four popular restaurants and a cold storage in Bandra on Wednesday.The order was passed after residents of Gasper Enclave at Pali Naka filed a writ petition in the HC.Civic officials said they had to take action against four restaurants-Mia Cucina, Thai Ban, Tandoori Kitchen and Papa Pancho-and a cold storage as they had illegally extended their structures. The eateries had encroached upon the mandatory open space and in some cases, the shops had barged onto the footpath, an official said. Parts of seating areas, shelves and parapets have been razed to the ground.Assistant municipal commissioner (H West) Sunil Dhamane said the BMC had issued a notice to the establishments before the drive. \"The HC asked us to take action based on a complaint lodged by residents,\" he added.People in the area had been fighting against the encroachment for years. After repeated complaints with the BMC, they approached the HC, a civic official said. In December last year, the BMC broke down a part of Tavaa restaurant on Turner Road as it had encroached upon mandatory open space.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12192333", "title": "2 gold chains snatched, autorickshaw driver robbed", "text": "MUMBAI: A 43-year-old housewife, who had been chatting with a friend near her housing society at Malad (W), was robbed of her gold chain by a teenager at knifepoint on Wednesday. The accused, Aamir Shaikh (19), is unemployed and resides at Nalasopara (W). Local residents chased Shaikh and nabbed him after Geeta Jethwa raised an alarm.\"Jethwa, a resident of Bhadran Nagar in Malad, was chatting with Priya Jain (19) around 2.30pm. Shaikh suddenly accosted Jethwa, brandishing a knife. Calling Jethwa an old woman, he threatened to stab her if she made a sound,\" a police official said. Shaikh snatched Jethwa's 6 gm gold chain worth Rs 20,000.In another incident in Goregaon (W), an autorickshaw driver was robbed of his valuables by two men at knifepoint. The duo was nabbed by residents at Bangur Nagar early on Thursday. Harinder Yadav (34), the complainant, is a resident of Patel Estate in Jogeshwari (W). The accused, Dawood Khan and Ritesh Patel, boarded Yadav's auto at 12.30am. After some time, they threatened him and told him to surrender his valuables. When the duo alighted, after having robbed Yadav of Rs 2,050, the auto driver raised an alarm. Residents chased the duo and nabbed them.In the third case, also at Goregaon (W), a 27-year-old man was robbed of his gold chain worth Rs 30,000 early on Thursday. Around 12.15am, when an auto stopped at a signal on the Malad Link Road, two snatched Piyush Datta's chain and fled. Datta, a resident of Malad (W), lodged a complaint with the Bangur Nagar police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12192468", "title": "Lawyers\u2019 protest enters fourth day", "text": "MYSORE: The protest by the members of the Mysore bar association entered the fourth day on Thursday.A member of the association said a group of lawyers, who had suffered injuries in recent advocate-police-media clash in Bangalore, visited the bar here and briefed about the incident.\"They have asked us to stay united and invited us to attend a meeting in Bangalore on Friday. A team of 50 advocates, including office-bearers, will visit Bangalore to attend meeting scheduled in the city civil court on March 9,\" he said and added that they will continue the protest on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195011", "title": "\u2018I still get goose bumps\u2019", "text": "Jeev Milkha Singh may be the foremost golfer in the country, but catch him off the golf course and he is one of the most unassuming and affable sportspersons around .Jeev is super kicked about Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra's latest offering - Bhaag Milkha Bhaag - and says that it is a deeply inspirational movie. Bhaag Milkha Bhaag is based on the legendary athlete Milkha Singh (his father) and the film has been described as a 'project of the living legend'. Farhan Akhtar will play the role of the athlete in the film. \"It is the kind of film that leaves you with a message that whatever you choose to do in life, if you do it with passion and dedication, you'll achieve it,\" he says.It is hard to veer him away from subjects other than golf as that's the topmost topic on his mind. \"The future is very bright for golf and it is the fastest growing sport in the country, second only to cricket. India is producing better golfers every year,\" he says.Jeev's only grouse is that the government is not giving the sport too much impetus by way of grants and establishing more public driving ranges. \"To make golf more accessible to the masses, the government needs to give more attention to the sport,\" he asserts.But with our country being so academics-driven, young people seldom get the chance to express their latent talents. \"My parents also pushed me to get a professional degree,\" he reminisces, adding, \"But I stood my ground and worked very hard till I turned pro.\" Jeev strongly recommends pur suing a profession that one loves. \"The important thing to make a living is to do what you love. Then you will be happy and give it your 100% and be successful. Even today, I still get goose bumps before a tournament,\" he says.When asked if he will promote the sport to the youth, Jeev replies in the affirmative, but is not sure when he will find the time. \"I travel 35 weeks a year. Between tournaments and family, I do not have any spare time. I will open a golf academy perhaps in 15 years,\" says Jeev, adding that he is booked for 35 tournaments this year in Europe alone. He is also playing nine other tournaments in Asia and four in Japan.Meanwhile, in Bangalore, Jeev is impressed with the golfing facilities. \"The golf courses here are world-class - they are perfectly manicured and maintained,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "7850281", "title": "Daughters rock! Give birth to girls, cut crime", "text": "We revere our 'mothers', worship Goddesses Lakshmi, Saraswati, Parvati, Durga, Kali, claim they represent wealth, intelligence, strength and power and then offer prayers for a boy child, or worse still, want to abort a girl child!Absolutely hypocritical and shocking! The female to male ratio has just dipped to 914 women to a 1000 men. We are a country that has had a woman prime minister, a woman president, we have witnessed Kalpana Chawla going into space... and closer to home, seen women working shoulder to shoulder with men, excelling in their fields and being on par as earning members. Why then, this ridiculous bias against a girl child being born? If you give them equal opportunity and education, they are just a capable of earning, being strong, self sufficient, resilient and the bread winners for the family. Every time I read about rape, sexual abuse and molestation it angers me because men are perpetrators of such crimes, not women. But gender disparity ratios anger me doubly because it denotes a woman's consent in aiding the death of girls.When you read about deranged, sexually frustrated men raping and molesting girls that are just two years old to women in their 70's it's because given dwindling numbers, that many of these men are unable to find their own women. If you want to keep your mothers, wives and children in a safer world... it lies with you to keep our society gender balanced, and to give birth to more girls.I have been married for seven years into a very good family. I have a daughter and am pregnant with my second child. My husband wants a son to carry on his business. I explained to him that we cannot choose what sex our child is born, children are God's gift. But he says we must keep trying till we have a son. I don't want to have more than two children and am very disturbed. My in- laws also are with my husband on this issue. What do I do?By good family I presume you mean 'rich', because their thought processes and belief systems aren't really 'good' by any standard. Aren't you happy you were born? Isn't your husband happy his mother was born? Kiran Mazumdar Shaw heads the largest company for bio technology and is one of the highest tax payers in the country. Fortunately, sonongraphy for gender determination is illegal in India and so is female foeticide, so you just go ahead and enjoy your pregnancy. It might be worth your while to research all the successful Indian women and read out their success stories to your husband during the next few months.I am a 25-year-old software engineer married for the past year and a half. My husband drinks a lot and starts hitting and abusing me. He keeps saying negative things about my family. My in-laws also do not support me and say that once a kid will be born, everything will become alright. But I am not sure and do not want my child's future to be in danger. Should I leave him or have a kid?Having a child solves nothing. Violent abusive ways and alcohol dependency are not based on being or not being a parent. You must be firm and stand your ground and insist that a child will be born only to sane, non-violent, loving parents. Also, I suggest you be absolutely stern about never being hit again. It's against the law, and if he persists, take the support of your parents or a women's rights group and decide on a positive course of action. You're an intelligent, educated, working woman. You can easily walk out of an abusive environment if the need arises. There is simply no point committing to child bearing and a future with a man who is not willing to change his harmful ways.I belong to a minor community where inter-caste marriages are taboo. Three years back, I broke up with my boyfriend and went into depression. After a while I started liking this guy who was a friend initially, but I got attracted to him. He is a South Indian Brahmin and works at a nice place. I didn't tell my parents about him but they eventually found out and do not like him at all. On the other hand, his parents are ready to accept me. I have a different ideology as compared to my family; I am liberal while they are conservative. My standard of living is also not like them. I am in tension and do not know what to do?If inter-caste marriages are taboo in their conservative environment so are pre-marital relationships. You've already broken barriers and chosen your path. The question is do you do it fully or in half measures? Inter-caste marriages are a societal/cultural phenomena and not a moral one. The older generations choose to hold on to belief systems because it's familiar and change is unsettling for them. The younger generations are more likely to relate to their partners for who they are and not what community they happened to be born into. You have a choice... make your parents happy or make yourself happy and hope that they find happiness in your happiness!I am a 17-year-old boy who is in love with a girl who is much smarter than me. I have told my parents that I love her but they say that the man should be smarter and earn more than his wife. I have discussed this with my friends and they say that my thinking like this does not hold any ground. I constantly feel inferior to her but love her a lot. What do I do?I don't like the fact that you use the word 'inferior\". It has a negative connotation and such \"inferiority feelings\" can be detrimental to your state of mind and lead to fights and ego conflicts. However, if you choose to replace the words and emotion with love and respect for her intelligence, then it doesn't matter at all. How wonderful to have a smart wife. She is someone you can learn from and you will be someone she can lean on. Take it positively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12110575", "title": "Give your kitchen a makeover", "text": "Revamp your kitchen with vibrant colours this Women's Day.Bring some quirk and some colour into your lives this Woman's Day. Mundane is completely out - so sprinkle some colour and a few hatke designs into your kitchen. Make being there - fun. These funky accessories from Serenity Blissful Living, like fancy coasters, colourful kettles, trays and kitchen holders will help.A clear coast! Printed and colourful, these coasters can make your kitchen table more vibrant and fun. A large palette of colors have been used to design these. The amusing prints used will suit the ambience of your kitchen. These coasters capture the essence of vibrancy that will add the extra zeal to your home.Back to good old days These strong wooden trays with funky retro designs can lighten up your day and invoke fun memories. Swap your regular trays for these pulsating ones. Providing a strong wooden base with a retro style top these funky trays can't go wrong.Hold on Tired of the ordinary, problematic kitchen holders that make cooking life tedious! Befriend these easy to use, uncomplicated kitchen holders. These simple colourful kitchen holders can make your life in the kitchen brighter. Hang them anywhere and see how it changes the look of the place.Colourful chai moments Bored with your regular chai drinking routine? These brightly coloured printed kettles can bring excitement back into your life and make your tea time a fun one. Add one of these to your kitchen to enjoy colourful tea drinking moments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12196528", "title": "RGV's 'Ramayanam' goes to Kanchi", "text": "There is an age old saying in Telugu which goes 'Katha Kanchiki Manam Intiki' and right now this is being discussed among few cine folks. The reason for that is the announcement made by the eccentric genius Ram Gopal Varma sometime back about a project titled 'Ramayanam'.Sources say this project is almost gone to Kanchi now. Apparently, this involves huge casting and heavy budget so producers are not very keen to come forward. However, it is heard that RGV will wait for a producer to come. If no one comes, he will enter the field and make it in his own way.But so far no noise has been made. The press note that Ramu gave created a lot of hungama but that has been the case with most of his projects. For now, the only concrete project has been his Hindi movie 'Department' which is reaching the final stages of its making. Let us see what comes next.Source: Gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12190929", "title": "Justice R G Vaidyanathan to probe violence", "text": "BANGALORE: In an effort to address the grievances of advocates on strike, the government on Thursday appointed former high court judge Justice R G Vaidyanathan to probe the violence at the City Civil Court complex on March 2. The terms of reference will be finalized on Friday.It also issued a government order setting a four-week deadline for DGP (CID) RK Dutta to investigate and submit a report on alleged police excesses on lawyers the same day. Dutta will also probe the alleged use of abusive language against senior officers by junior cops on the wireless.The CID chief has been asked to probe excessive' use of force by policemen against advocates in the City Civil Court complex, KR Circle and Mysore Bank Circle and allegations that policemen set vehicles, parked in the complex, on fire. Justice Vaidyanathan, a former Karnataka and Bombay High Court judge, had probed the abduction and death of former minister H Nagappa.Advocates' Association of Bangalore Subba Reddy said Dutta may visit injured advocates in St Martha's Hospital to record their version. The state government has released compensation to those injured in the March 2 violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12196818", "title": "Shiv Sena's Sunil Prabhu elected Mumbai mayor", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena corporator Sunil Prabhu was on Friday elected mayor of the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation, India's richest civic body.At the elections held at the civic headquarters here, Prabhu polled 125 votes, defeating Sunil More of Congress, who secured 65 votes in the 227-member body. BJP's Mohan Mithbavkar was elected deputy mayor, defeating NCP corporator Khan Haroon Yusuf.Prabhu, 42, is among the youngest Mayors of Mumbai.Following is the party position in Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) after the February 16 polls: Total seats 227 -- BJP 31, Congress 52, NCP 13, Shiv Sena 75, MNS 28 and others 28.Though the Sena-BJP-RPI alliance was short of halfway mark (114) in the country's richest municipal body, the bloc managed to muster the required number with the support of Independents and others. The two members of the Arun Gawli-led Akhil Bharatiya Sena also backed the Sena-led combine.Mumbai had two women mayors over the last five years owing to reservations, and this time, the post is under the open category. The mayor's post, though largely ceremonial, is considered to be prestigious. The clout the post brings with it is a major reason why corporators lobby hard to vie for becoming Mumbai's first citizen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12190332", "title": "Two policemen suspended", "text": "NASHIK: Two cops, head constable Manuruddin Shaikh and constable Hemant Kadam, have been suspended by the city police on account of the recent incident of a jail inmate giving them a slip at Dadar railway station. The suspension comes soon after two other cops were suspended on Wednesday for assaulting each other within the Panchavati police station.On the grounds of dereliction of duty, police commissioner Kulwant Kumar issued orders of suspension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12192411", "title": "Gender sensitivity grows in Church", "text": "MUMBAI: Sensitivity to women's issues is growing in the Catholic Church with a gender policy for women's empowerment, but it needs to be implemented.This is the thrust of one of the main articles in the Catholic Weekly, The Examiner, which concerns itself in this issue with women's issues. It includes the problems encountered in Christian scripture which is largely aimed at males, the problems women encounter when faced with domestic violence and the issue of giving women dignity in the Church organisations.An article by Virginia Saldhana dwells on the Church's policy to women. The policy was brought out by the Catholic Bishops Conference of India and is being discussed at various fora across the country.The bishops have taken note of the fact that many of the Church documents have non-inclusive language which concern only men and have called for greater gender equality.\"It gives the subtle message that women are indeed second to man,'' the policy document states.Dwelling on the work done by the Catholic Church for sensitizing women, Marcia D'Cunha, secretary of the Archdiocesan Women's Commission, states that one of their programmes is reading the Bible through a woman's eyes. \"Women are given a glimpse of the scripture from a women's perspective.''In addition to this, there are women's cells in many parishes which are helping unite women against violence. They assist women in distress in finding a local counsellor, laywer and even escort them to the police station in case of any domestic violence.D'Cunha also says that in order to spread awareness on issues like female foeticide, \"we prepare and circulate an inter-faith prayer service in schools. We ask girls to be more self-confident in our talks. At the same time, we ask the boys to look at other options to violence\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12191095", "title": "Three get life term for murder", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three persons were sentenced to life term by Fast Track Court (FTC)-III here on Thursday in connection with a murder case.Mahendran, 18, a school student was playing with his friends at Silver Jubilee street in Kurichi on March 11, 2010, when his uncle Glady Henry admonished him, telling him to concentrate on his studies. Mahendran's friend K Sathishkumar, 21, defended his friend, telling Henry that he should not scold Mahendran. But Henry became angry and beat Sathishkumar.The very next day, Sathishkumar and his brother-in-law P Vanadevan, 30, met with Henry and they had an argument. Henry warned them that he would go to the police if the two continued to be a nuisance. On March 12, 2010, Sathishkumar, Vanadevan and their friend P Jegan, 20, told Henry over phone that they wished to settle the issue amicably.When they met at the banks of the Kurichi Lake, the trio attacked Henry with stones, killing him immediately. Podanur police arrested the trio, but they were released on bail. Vanadevan was arrested again for selling ganja. Police said, Vanadevan was facing at least five cases in connection with attempt to murder and assaults. He was detained under Goondas Act and has been lodged in Coimbatore Central Prison.The trail was in FTC -III court and judge Elangovan announced verdict on Thursday. The guilty trio has been sentenced to life and fined Rs 500 each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12194742", "title": "Kareena, Madhur celebrates Holi", "text": "It might have been a usual day, if not for celebration of colours. On the sets of the movie Heorine, director Madhur Bhandakar and actress Kareena Kapoor made sure the amongst the work there is the least celebration of the festivities of Holi.Madhur and Kareena were covered with colours and so was the crew. But they made sure the work doesn't stop.\"It is the festival for colours and we did add to that, but work comes first and I know my cast and crew believes in that,\" said Madhur.Heroine is a UTV Motion Pictures and Bhandarkar Entertainment film. Directed by Madhur Bhandarkar , the film stars Kareena Kapoor, Arjun Rampal , Randeep Hooda and Shahana Goswami. The music of the movie is directed by music directors Salim-Sulaiman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12192081", "title": "HC raps cops, reunites granny with children", "text": "MUMBAI: A tormented woman and her five grandchildren, separated from her by the police, literally had a happy Holi, thanks to the Bombay High Court. On Wednesday, the eve of the festival, the court rapped the state and the police for \"highhandedness\" and ordered that the grandmother and the children be reunited.The children were lodged in a remand home for two months. As they embraced their grandmother in the courtroom amid tears, a division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode thundered, \"On what basis did the police send the kids to a remand home without proper verification as to who are the guardians? We can't believe that the police can behave in such a heartless manner. This is absolute highhandedness.\"The court was hearing a habeas corpus petition filed by the grandmother, Sushila Jain. She had urged the court to direct the police to produce her grandchildren, who had been taken away from her custody. \"Put yourself in the position of the grandmother,\" said the judges. \"The kids are in a remand home for two months and have missed school. We will direct the state government to initiate action against the investigation officer.\"The court has given the police two weeks to explain the reason for sending the children in remand.Bangalore resident Jain had come with the children to Mumbai in December 2011 for Christmas. According to her petition, she stayed in a room in a building at Fort that was owned by her deceased husband. On December 29, her stepdaughter Smita Modi filed an FIR at the Azad Maidan police station accusing Jain of trespassing.She claimed the property was disputed. Jain was arrested on January 6 and released on bail the next day. The petition alleged that on January 7, the police forcibly took the children away from her and sent them to a remand home in Dongri. Jain went to the remand home, but was refused custody of the children, following which she approached the high court. At the previous hearing, the judges directed the remand home authorities to produce the children in court. On Wednesday, the tearful children told the judges that they wanted to go with their grandmother. The court directed the police to immediately hand over custody of the children to Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12191143", "title": "Hours into the job, Ticlo begins to bridge the gap", "text": "MAPUSA: The newly elected Aldona MLA Glenn Ticlo has begin the ground work for the construction of the Calvim bridge without wasting any time. He stressed that he would fulfill his manifesto for Aldona of completing the Calvim bridge within eight months. Ticlo informed that probable chief minister Manohar Parrikar has appointed S N Bhobe &amp; Associates the one of the oldest and most respected consultancy firm in the field of bridge and structural engineering as consultants to construct the Carona- Calvim bridge.On Wednesday, Glenn Ticlo along with the engineers of the consultants, locals and comunidade de Boa Esperanca attorney Melwyn Fernandes visited the to the Carona ferry wharf and explored the ideas of constructing the bridge. The team of engineers premeditated the feasibility of the proposed Carona-Calvim bridge. \"As soon as the swearing ceremony will be held the ground work will immediately start on March 10 to pursue the bridge project,\" said Glenn Ticlo.\"We will put the machinery on job immediately, surveying will start on the same day, side by side the paper work from the panchayat and the comunidade will also begin,\" Ticlo said. He stressed that completion of the Calvim bridge within eight months would be his priority.\"We are keeping it as eight months, but will try to complete it within six to seven months,\" Ticlo said.In the aftermath of the Calvim bus tragedy, the blame game on the construction of this bridge has taken many twist. The sarpanch of the Aldona village panchayat Marianne D'Souza had stated that the panchayat did not receive a No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the Aldona comunidade for construction of a bridge, while the comunidade attorney has maintained that an NOC was granted for the project on the October 26, 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12191507", "title": "Director-general of police\u2019s grand plan gets mixed response", "text": "HYDERABAD: Director-general of police (DGP) V Dinesh Reddy's proposal for setting up chief commissionarate for Greater Hyderabad (merging Hyderabad and Cyberabad police commissionerates) received mixed response from former police chiefs.During a review meeting on police reforms, the DGP on Wednesday named a committee for formation of the chief commissionarate by dividing the geographical area into four police districts__Hyderabad, Hyderabad South, Secunderabad and Cyberabad.P Ramulu, who earlier worked as the Hyderabad police commissioner and DGP, welcomed the move as a positive step towards mordernisation of the police force.``The city has expanded and its character also changed. The chief commissionerate will eliminate jurisdiction problems for investigating officers,'' Ramulu added.``In the present system, if a criminal commits a crime in the Hyderabad commissionarate limits and hides in Cyberabad, then the investigating officer should take permission of the Cyberabad commissioner before entering his jurisdiction. So such problems will not arise,\" he stated.Additional director-general (Law and Order) SA Huda said that the committee would submit its report in a month. ``In a couple of months, we should see the formation of chief commissionarate. The proposal does not have any financial implications since it is just reorganisation of jurisdiction.Former DGP Swaranjit Sen said in the given circumstances forming chief commissioinarate was unwarranted.``The proposed model of chief commissionarate requires heavy police administration, which is unnecessary as of now. The existing system is perfectly good and the officers are doing a good job. The chief commissionarate may be needed in future and time will only tell whether the proposal will give results or not,'' Swaranjit Sen told TOI. Former top cop MV Bhaskar Rao expressed similar views. \"The present intensive policing by the Hyderabad police may not be feasible when the chief commissionarate is formed,\" he said.``The existing system -- Hyderabad and Cyberabad commissionarates -- should be continued. Instead of forming a chief commissionarate, the police brass must create another commissionarate for rural areas, beyond Cyberabad, and intensify policing,\" he suggested.\"Replicating the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) model will not work in policing because the nature of work and problems are different in the present Hyderabad police commissionarate. We should plan according to the ratio between available policemen and population,'' Bhaskar Rao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "agra", "code": "12200443", "title": "Samajwadi Party MLA booked for murder", "text": "AGRA: A newly elected Samajwadi Party MLA and nine other persons were today booked after husband of a village pradhan was allegedly shot dead in a case of old rivalry, police said.Munna Lal was shot dead during Holi revelry on Thursday. Lal is the husband of Parvatipura village pradhan of Bah tehsil of the district, police said.Kin of the deceased have alleged hand of local SP workers and have also named party's MLA-elect from Bah constituency Aridaman Singh in the complaint.Ten persons, including MLA Singh, have been named in the complaint, police said. Singh, however, has denied the charges, saying the party has nothing to do with the murder and it was a result of long-standing enmity.\"Six persons have been detained and stern action under the law would be taken against those responsible, whosoever they might be,\" DIG (Agra) Ashish Arun said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12192203", "title": "Cotton traders cry foul over export ban", "text": "HUBLI: Karnataka Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry and Karnataka Cotton Association have organized a meeting with Karnataka State Cotton Traders and farmers regarding the ban imposed on cotton export in KCC&I; on Wednesday.They condemned the central government's and urged the government to withdraw the ban for the welfare of farmers and traders. Cotton prices have gone down after the government imposed the ban over cotton export. Earlier, cotton used to be sold for Rs 4,500 per kg, but now it's being sold at Rs 3,000. Farmers are unsuccessful in selling at least 40% of their cotton. \"The production of cotton is generally 3 crore 50 lakh bales. The country's usage will be only 1 crore 80 lakh bales. So, around 1 crore 70 lakh bales of cotton will be extra, which has to be exported,\" a trader said.The central government has taken a decision to impose ban over the export of cotton without bring to the notice of agricultural minister and textiles minister. Agricultural minister Sharad Pawar has also condemned the decision and the Gujarat government is also forcing the Centre to withdraw the ban.KCC&I; and KCA office bearers were present at the meeting. Many traders from Dharwad, Haveri, Belgaum, Bijapur, Bagalkot, Annigeri, Navalgund, Naragund, Gokak, Gadag, Raichur and Bellary also participated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12191034", "title": "Sword-play is serious sport for these students", "text": "COIMBATORE: Ujjwal Gupta, a second year MSc Geology student at the Jammu University, represents a new breed of sportspersons who have taken up fencing as a competitive sport. Though one of the four events that was part of the first modern Olympics in 1896, fencing has not had a following in India.Now, that seems to be changing. \"In India, the game has been active only for a decade. But despite many of the limitations, we have been able to participate in international meets,\" he says. And, Ujjwal should know. Presently in Coimbatore to participate in the All India Inter-University Fencing Championship that started on Thursday at the Kumaraguru College of Technology on Thursday, he is set to compete in the Olympic qualifying competitions, which will be held in Japan this April.G Karthick, a final year B tech IT student at Anna University Chennai, says he may take up fencing as a full time career if he gets a chance. \"I started fencing when I was in school. I have participated in many national and international events. Now, I have got a placement in a company. But if I get an opportunity to be a professional player, I will be happy to do that. I'm looking for such opportunities also,\" said Karthick, who was the runner up at last year's inter-university championship.Karthick says the game is interesting and simple. There are three categories of the game, epee, foil, and sabre. But do players get hurt? \"We wear a safety jacket. Depending on the format of the game, the rules change. But, we can say generally that in fencing a participant has to touch the other participant's body with his sword with a required amount of weight. This will be detected by an electronic sensor attached to the sword which will show the points on a screen nearby,\" he says.What the game needs to turn more popular is more funds. Says Bhawani Devi, a member of the Kannur University Fencing team, who is poised to participate in the Olympic qualifying event in April: \"I wish we got more financial support from the government. Now, we have to spend a huge amount in especially in travelling to foreign countries.\" Bhawani said many women are taking up the sport.G Naga Subramanian, chief coach of Tamil Nadu, says the sport is gaining popularity in Tamil Nadu. \"Even school students are taking up the game and some of them have attended international competitions,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12190787", "title": "Nurses promised hike, end strike", "text": "CHENNAI: The strike by nurses came to an end after six days with Apollo Hospitals on Thursday agreeing to give a staff nurses a 100% hike by raising their salaries to a minimum of 12,000 per month at the entry level. They will be given an allowance of up to 750.Nurses from three leading hospitals, Madras Medical Mission (MMM), Fortis Malar and Apollo Hospitals, went on strike on March 2 demanding an increase in salaries. Nurses at MMM and Malar ended their strike earlier after the hospitals promised to hike their salaries to 12,000 a month.However the stir continued at Apollo, forcing the hospital to turn away patients and defer surgeries, till the agreement reached late Thursday evening.\"It was not a fight against the management. It was a fight for our survival, to take care of our parents and families and to repay our education loans,\" said J V Monica, a gold medalist from a city nursing college who works at Apollo Hospitals.Another nurse said that they were always overworked but were paid a pittance. \"Our protest was only for a little more money and the dignity of not being forced to borrow cash. With the hike we will at least be able to live in this city,\" she said.More than 1,200 nurses boycotted work and took out a rally in Rajarathinam Stadium in Egmore. Apollo scaled down its number of beds from 600 to 275, according to hospital managing director Preetha Reddy. \"We won't compromise on patient care or safety even if it means reduction in beds or operations. But I am happy that the strike has ended,\" she said.The striking nurses and officials from Apollo held discussions at the office of assistant labour commissioner C Somburajan through the day on Thursday, with labour commissioner B Chandra Mohan mediating.\"The hospital agreed to pay diploma holders 12,250 per month; it will pay degree holders 12,750 per month. The hospital agreed to pay 1,000 as an annual hike for nurses with up to five years experience and 1,500 to those with over five years experience,\" Somburajan said. \"Nurses who do not use hospital accommodation will be paid of 13,750 a month.\"The new salary will come into effect from March 2012. Allowances will be paid for night shifts, specialty allowance and service wages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12196731", "title": "Mphasis workforce shrinks by 3,000", "text": "BANGALORE: Despite concerns about global demand, almost every major Indian IT company is adding employees. Not Mphasis. The company's workforce has shrunk by 3,000 over the last three quarters because of a combination of slower hiring and rising attrition levels. In the latest quarter ending January (the company follows a May-to-April financial year), the employee strength fell by 1,628 to 38,798.Ganesh Murthy, CFO of the billion-dollar-revenue Mphasis , said that the company's growth in recent quarters has not been good primarily due to a decline in revenues from parent Hewlett-Packard (HP). HP -- the world's largest IT company with businesses across personal computers, printers as well as data centre hardware and services -- has been struggling with growth and profitability. The technology giant contributes around 58% of the Bangalore-headquartered Mphasis's revenues.In the previous quarter, Mphasis reported a revenue of Rs 1,367 crore, up 10.8% over the previous year. Net profit was down 18.5% to Rs 185 crore. HP's quarterly revenue fell 7% to $30 billion, and profit fell 44% to $1.5 billion. On a sequential basis, the non-HP business for Mphasis witnessed around 8% growth, whereas HP revenues fell by 4%. Murthy said Mphasis has frozen hiring in corporate support functions like finance and HR. For billable projects, it would recruit in case of a ramp-up in work. A March 2 report by brokerage firm Motilal Oswal said the company is more focused on cost-containment efforts as a larger portion of the business driven by HP continues to decline.The fall in employee numbers has helped improve employee utilization and margins. On the applications side, utilization has gone up by 900 basis points (BPS, 100 of which make 1%) over the past four quarters to 80%, ITO (infrastructure technology outsourcing ) utilization is up 1,100 bps to 79%. In the previous quarter, the company reported a 55bps expansion in operating margins to 18.4%.Mphasis, founded by Jerry Rao and Jeroen Tas in 1998, was acquired by EDS ( Electronic Data Systems ) in 2006, and came into HP's fold when HP acquired EDS in 2008. About 15 months ago, the company undertook a restructuring path to increase vertical focus, increase business from non-HP channels and also to increase the non-enterprise services business contribution.In the previous quarter the company added 28 new clients of which 17 were from non-HP channels. The company has been successful in paring down its revenue dependence on HP from about 70% a year back. Murthy concedes that Mphasis's return to strong and sustainable growth will depend to a large extent on HP's fortunes, as the share of HP's revenues will remain substantial.However, Ankita Somani, IT analyst with Angel Broking , said even if HP had a strong recovery, its long-term direction towards developing six offshore development centres , including India, may threaten Mphasis' volumes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12191230", "title": "Arlekar will be next speaker", "text": "PANAJI: With the list of ministers finalized, the stage is set for the swearing-in of BJP leader Manohar Parrikar as chief minister of Goa on Friday.Earlier on Thursday as the name of Cortalim MLA Matanhy Saldanha, who also figured on the list of ministers, had been included in the shortlist of candidates to the post of speaker, there had been some delay in finalizing the cabinet. Sources said Pernem MLA-elect Rajendra Arlekar will be the speaker.The final list of ministers has not been officially announced by the party. State party president Laxmikant Parsekar said, \"It is the prerogative of the leader of the legislative wing Manohar Parrikar.\"When contacted, Parrikar indicated that the list of ministers was being finalized. Stating that the list will be announced on Friday morning, sources said the probables in the new cabinet will be Laxmikant Parsekar, Francis D'Souza, Dayanand Mandrekar, Matanhy Saldanha and Ramesh Tawadkar of the BJP and Ramkrishna (Sudin) Dhavalikar of the MGP. TOI ad reported the names on its Thursday edition.Parrikar has also not yet disclosed what is up his sleeve over portfolio allocation. Meetings were on till late Thursday evening on this. While MGP has sought the PWD portfolio, BJP is not keen to allot it to Dhavalikar.The second phase of induction will take place after the budget session of Goa assembly later this month.The party's core group has also begun the process of selecting the state party president in view of the proposed elevation of Parsekar to the cabinet. Indications are that Damodar 'Damu' Naik, who lost the Fatorda seat to independent Vijai Sardesai, is tipped to be the new president.Senior BJP leaders LK Advani and Nitin Gadkari will be present at the oath taking ceremony at SAG grounds in Campal, Panaji, on Friday evening.Meanwhile, in the Congress camp, there is no clarity as to who will be the leader of the legislative wing. Sources said it could go to Pratapsingh Rane, Digambar Kamat or Mauvin Godinho. Ravi Naik, who lost in Ponda, is tipped to be the new president of Goa Pradesh Congress committee.Assembly Elections 2012Goa Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12190997", "title": "Congress suspends Adarsh-tainted Gidwani", "text": "MUMBAI: The Congress on Wednesday suspended former MLC Kanhaiyalal Gidwani, an accused in the Adarsh scam, after the CBI arrested him on bribery charges. State party chief Manikrao Thakre said the decision was taken by the party's state parliamentary board.After Gidwani's name cropped up in the Adarsh scam, the party had already stripped him of all posts. While the party had been under some pressure to act against Gidwani for a while now, his arrest earlier this week was the final roll of the dice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12192395", "title": "Thief flees from cop custody", "text": "MUMBAI: A 20-year-old man fled from the custody of the Vanrai police in Goregaon (E) early on Tuesday. Officials said Vijay Muluk, who was booked in a case of autorickshaw theft and has a criminal record, was being escorted to the Borivli general lock-up.\"Three constables were in the vehicle with Muluk. The vehicle slowed down when the police noticed people chasing someone on the road. Taking advantage, Muluk pushed a cop aside and jumped out with his handcuffs. He fled towards the forested area in Goregaon (E),\" said regional additional commissioner Ramrao Pawar. Muluk's record includes stealing bikes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12189919", "title": "Kochi Metro might get a backwater stretch", "text": "KOCHI: The first phase of Kochi Metro might get a new stretch passing over the backwaters of the city. With proposals being put forward to divert the metro through Vyttila Mobility Hub, chances are high that the trains will pass through bridges built across the backwaters, adding to the scenic appeal of the project. Vyttila is one point where that the 25.5 kilometre-long metro line between Aluva and Petta will cross a water body. Officials maintained that they would be able to confirm on the revised route only after completing a detailed feasibility survey.Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) stated that the new route, through the hub, might help reduce land acquisition.\"Our surveyors will carry out a detailed survey of the proposed site. A decision on the final alignment will be taken after holding discussions with all agencies concerned and we will take into account the cost factor,\" said project manager, P Sriram.Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) informed that a final decision on alignment will be made after getting DMRC's survey report. By taking the metro to the hub, the authorities expect a convergence of road, water and rail transport. This will also facilitate sharing of common amenities at the hub like parking, bathrooms, pre-paid auto and taxi services.It is expected that metro will get increased passenger patronage if commuters who arrive at the hub from the suburbs and nearby districts depend on it to travel to the city.Ministry for urban development has also suggested the integration of various modes of transport, giving commuters an opportunity to choose their mode of transport.Kochi: The first phase of Kochi Metro will get a new stretch passing over the backwaters of the city. With proposals being put forward to divert the metro through Vytilla mobility hub, chances are high that the trains will pass through bridges built across the backwaters lying adjacent to the bus terminal, adding to the scenic appeal of the project.It is pointed out that Vytilla is one such point that the 25.5 kilometre long metro line between Aluva and Petta will cross a water body. Officials maintain that they would be able to provide confirm on the revised route only after completing the detailed feasibility survey.The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) stated that the new route through the hub might help to reduce land acquisition. \"Our surveyors will carry out a detailed survey of the proposed site. A decision on the final alignment will be taken after holding discussions with all agencies concerned and making a detailed analysis of the cost factor,\" said Project Manager, P Sriram.The Kochi metro rail limited (KMRL) informed that a final decision would be made on bringing in a change in alignment after getting the survey report from DMRC. By taking the metro to the hub, the authorities expect a convergence of road, water and rail transport.This will also facilitate in sharing common amenities at the hub like parking, bathrooms, pre-paid auto and taxi services. It is expected that the metro will get increase passenger patronage if commuters who arrive at the hub from the suburbs and nearby districts depend on it to travel to the city. Ministry for urban development has also suggested for integration of various modes of transport, giving commuters an opportunity to choose their kind of transport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12191548", "title": "In Carmona, a panch is punched", "text": "MARGAO: Two incidents were reported in Carmona where a panch member was allegedly assaulted late Wednesday night and paddy fields of Carmona Farmers Club was allegedly burnt on Thursday.On Wednesday night, Carlos George who is the newly elected panch member of ward number 5 of the Carmona village panchayat got into a scuffle with three people when he was sitting in a bar and restaurant in Carmona. According to the Colva police, George in his complaint stated that he was punched in the face offences under section 151 of the IPC against Francis Fernandes, Alvino Figuerido and Joao Fernandes who were subsequently released on bail. Incidentally, newly elected Benaulim MLA Caetano (Caitu) Silva visited the Colva police on Thursday morning to check up on the case.In the second incident, Orlando Da Silva, Carmona panch member who accompanied Caitu to the Colva police station alleged that the fencing and paddy fields in Carmona belonging to members of the Carmona Farmers Club were burnt on Thursday morning. Da Silva further stated that the victims were all supporters of Caitu.The Colva police registered a case against unknown persons after Blair Rodrigues from Carmona filed a complaint regarding the incident. Colva police officials further added that that they are carrying out further investigations into the matter and have also taken precautionary measures to ensure that no such incidents are repeated in the days to come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12190423", "title": "State depts ask for report on land row", "text": "NASHIK: The revenue and forests department of the state government has asked for a report from the district collectorate on the land acquisition row at Wadivarhe. The Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) plans to acquire land from the village for industries and villagers are up in arms against it.\"We have received communication from the department and information related to the query is being gathered. It will be sent to the concerned department soon,\" deputy collector, land acquisition, B G Daude said. The MIDC had notified 245 hectare of land in Gonde and Wadivarhe villages in 2007 and since then the process of land acquisition has continued.Villagers are opposing land acquisition saying that the land was their permanent source of income, and that land acquisition will leave them penniless. They had raised the issue with Igatpuri MLA Nirmala Gavit of the Congress.Subsequently, in the letter, Gavit urged the chief minister to declare that no land from the village, which has already given a huge share of their land for dams, an artillery school, the national highway and to other agencies, be acquired for any project. \"A very small share of fertile soil is left in the area and it should not be taken away,\" Gavit said.Based on the letter, the revenue and forest department sent a letter to the district collector, asking for a report on the land controversy ongoing in the village. The information related to the village is being gathered and the same will be processed and passed on to the department soon, the officials said.The land acquisition process has been going on from the past two years. \"It has crossed the two-year norm and hence the process should have been stopped. While the Gonde land acquisition plan has been shelved because some capitalists are raising an industrial park there, the fate of Wadivarhe, where farmers are leading the protest, is not the same,\" Vilas Malunjkar, a local farmer who has been spearheading the movement against acquisition of land, said. He added that if the land acquisition process is carried out completely in Wadivarhe, it will render nearly 90% of the farmers in the area (who already at present fall under the category of small farmers) totally landless.\"There is a government norm that says that farmers cannot be rendered farm-less because of acquisition,\" Malunjkar claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12191813", "title": "India, US natural allies: Nirupama", "text": "WASHINGTON: India and United States are now natural allies and New Delhi sees Washington as an important partner in its journey of inclusive social and economic development, Indian ambassador to US Nirupama Rao has said.\"Today, India and the US are true partners-in strategic terms, in economic terms, and in the development context,\" Rao said in her address to the Emory University on India-US Strategic Relations.\"As India continues on its path of inclusive social and economic development, mobilising the immense creativity and energy of its people, we see the US as an important partner in this journey,\" she said.Rao said the third India-US Strategic dialogue would be held in Washington in the next few months.Noting that the US has led the world when it comes to innovation, Rao said both the governments realise the critical importance of innovation to address new challenges and generate economic growth. Rao said energy security and the supply of clean and sustainable sources of energy are a common challenge for both countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195318", "title": "Mollywood goes on a talent hunt", "text": "Filmmakers in Mollywood are looking for talent. And the last thing they will check for is the kind of clout you walk in with. Whether you belong to a filmi family or walk in to the industry with the right contacts, that's hardly a matter of concern. Instead, Mollywood believes that the right way to spot talent is by auditioning as many people as possible for a role in hand.Actors like Archana Kavi, Asif Ali and Rima Kallingal are a few who have managed to make the most of auditions or casting calls. They are now considered as being quite feasible stars. \"People don't come to the theatres to see their favourite star anymore. It is all about the story. All the recent hits have proved that it is the story that is the hero now,\" says director Anwar Rasheed, who believes it is important to cast right in order to get across the story to the audience.When actor-director Vineeth Sreenivasan invited youngsters to be a part of his first film Malarvady Arts Club two years ago, he did not realise that he was setting a trend. Malarvady, which saw seven youngsters make their debut, has most of them playing lead roles in other films today. \"I always feel comfortable working with freshers. It's easy to mould them into a character,\" points out Vineeth.Director Mamas, who has chosen seven new faces for his next film Cinema Company, says, \"Casting newcomers is not considered a risk anymore. I am looking forward to working with them.\"In a first-of-its-kind venture, Madhupal, plans to introduce 83 new people through his next - Ozhimuri. \"We have been choosing each of these new faces based on the requirements of the character,\" says Madhupal.Pramod Payyanur's Balyakalasakhi, which is the adaptation of Basheer's short story, too will choose 35 fresh faces through auditions which will be held in India and abroad. With the way things are going, Mollywood is sure to have a never-ending list of actors that the audience can look forward to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12192268", "title": "Rail snag spells trouble for over 100 students", "text": "MUMBAI: Over 100 HSC students heading towards various exam centres in Mumbai and Thane were stranded due to a technical snag between Dahisar and Mira Road stations on Wednesday morning. However, the intervention of colleges, railway and state board officials ensured that students appeared for the maths and statistics-paper II exam from temporary centres in Bhayander.Usually, HSC students residing between Mira Road and Virar leave their homes at 7am, to avoid the rush in local trains, to appear for the exam scheduled at 11am. However, an announcement of a disruption after an overhead wire snapped around 7.25am led to panic. \"Over 100 students were relocated to nine different centres between Nalasopara and Bhayander due to a rail snag,\" said state board chairperson Sarjerao Jadhav. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12201400", "title": "City enjoys good power, water supply", "text": "VARANASI: The Jal Kal and PVVNL office lived up to the expectations of people for improved water and power supply respectively, adding to the festive spirit of Holi and post-Holi celebrations in the city. While most parts of city enjoyed extended water and power supply to mark Holi festivity on Thursday, the honeymoon with improved conditions continued on Friday as most parts of the city enjoyed timely water supply along with extended stint of uninterrupted power supply.It may be mentioned here that while Jal Kal office had come up with preparations and arrangements ensuring continuous water supply for nearly 10 hours (6 am to 2 pm and again from 6 pm to 10 pm) on Holi, the PVVNL office had also promised uninterrupted power supply to mark the festivity.According to PN Yadav, general manager, Jal Kal, the improved power supply contributed to bolster water supply in most parts of the city, helping the office to ensure extended water supply on Holi. Apart from the water supply through pipelines, deployment of as many as 14 mobile water tankers were also ensured to provide water supply in residential localities across the city, he added.Meanwhile, as per reports of PVVNL office, the power supply was bolstered as per instructions of Lucknow control office. Keeping tab on technical snags and local faults also contributed in improving the situation. With good weather conditions and extra vigilance, most parts of the city enjoyed extended stint of uninterrupted power supply on Friday, a day after Holi celebrations, added ML Sharma, chief engineer, PVVNL office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12181143", "title": "On her Marx, JNUSU president all for change", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day before Holi, it's her cheeks, but only last Saturday Sucheta De was colouring the Jawaharlal Nehru University campus red at the head of a victory procession. Sitting on a wall near the university's Godavari Dhaba, the newly elected JNUSU president acknowledges greetings and Holi gulal from friends and passersby without breaking stride in the conversation.Overnight, De - the only woman on the new JNUSU panel - has become a face of optimism, courage and conviction. Although she represents the ultra-Left All India Students Association (AISA), De, surprisingly, claims she had \"no clue what the Left was when I came here.\" That was in 2005. Now, the 28-year-old can effortlessly rattle off JNUSU's agenda.\"We have already started work. At our council meeting we framed a detailed charter of demands. We want relaxed criteria for OBC admissions, more hostels, less weightage for viva and increased acceptance of madrasa certificates.\"De came to Delhi from Midnapore to prepare for a lucrative career. She enrolled in a post-graduate programme in geography, then finished her MPhil and is now pursuing a PhD in the same discipline.\"But I had always felt the need for change. Midnapore was often under state crackdown. People were killed and houses were set on fire by the Opposition. I started by first voting for AISA. It was a radical alternative to the Left. Soon, I was participating in their activities.\"She keeps her hands planted in her pockets as she says, \"The JNUSU presidency is not a position to enjoy. For me, it's time to raise uncomfortable questions and use the space of electoral politics to put across our ideas.\"Ask about her family, and De's tough leader mask dissolves in a sheepish grin. \"They came to know I had contested after I won. They read about it in the papers and called me. I didn't tell them because they never wanted me to get into politics. Back home, politics is used for career building. I am into it because we have a vision to work towards. They have no choice but to accept their daughter like this.\"No fan of West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee, De wants to work for CPI(ML) and become a lecturer. She also wants more women to enter politics on an equal footing with men: \"Women are often too pampered in politics. People seem to think that it's unnatural for a woman to enter politics. If she reacts to it, they will criticize her for her sheer presence. No wonder people talk about Mamata Banerjee's attire more than the dangerous politics she plays.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12191572", "title": "\u2018Temple polluting reservoir\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: 'Visa God' Chilkur Balaji temple and educational institutions have been blamed for polluting Osmansagar and Himayatsagar, the two main water sources of the city. This fact came to light through a study by an expert team from the Nagpur-based National Environment Engineering Research Institute (NEERI).The Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) draws about 40 million gallons a day (MGD) from Osmansagar (23 MGD) and Himayatsagar (17 MGD) of the 342.45 MGD it supplies to the city.The NEERI's Hyderabad team conducted a study on Osmansagar and Himayatsagar for a year (picked up samples during the three seasons). Based on that, it submitted a draft final report to the Water Board recently and advised it to protect the water sources from imminent danger of pollution, according to sources.The report stated that Osmansagar and Himayatsagar were getting polluted due to toxic pesticides and other chemicals from agricultural waste entering them.The expert team had collected 13 samples and found the water highly- polluted in Osmansagar. They identified an engineering college, Chilkur Balaji temple, Appajiguda village, Janwada and Mothakpalli as the main pollutants. Chilkur, being on the shores of Osmansagar reservoir, has become a pilgrimage centre attracting thousands of people daily and this might be contributing organic pollutants. There is a need to construct a sewage treatment plant (STP) in Chilkur village, the report suggested.Though the temple management arranged for bins to throw the refuse (flowers, coconuts), sanitation workers ultimately dump the garbage on the shores of Osmansagar. \"The water characteristics of Osmansagar and Himayatsagar have deteriorated substantially due to uncontrolled anthropogenic activities,\" the report revealed.The team also found that educational institutions, including engineering colleges, near the two reservoirs were major contributors of pollution. It was discovered that laboratory waste from engineering colleges and schools was being let off into the reservoirs. Domestic waste water, agriculture/horticulture waste, solid waste disposal, and human activities like fishing, bathing and washing, were identified as the other reasons for contamination of these reservoirs.The NEERI team also suggested some measures to improve the water quality of the reservoirs. According to them, cutting all trees within the full tank level (FTL), identification of non-point sources of pollutants, including fertilizers, toxic pesticides and other chemicals, prohibition of fishing, bathing and washing, prevention of further pollution by intercepting, diverting and treating waste water entering the reservoirs and exploring the provision of drainage system for upstream villages enveloping the lake, would help.\"On March 15, a special meeting will be convened at ASCI, Somajiguda, and stakeholders like HMWS&SB;, GHMC, HMDA, panchayat raj and Hyderabad and Ranga Reddy districts' revenue authorities will be invited to discuss the report,\" a senior HMWS&SB; official told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "vadodara/bharuch", "code": "12191655", "title": "12 drown, 3 missing in Gujarat on Holi", "text": "VADODARA/BHARUCH: Dhuleti festival of colour which follows the Holi turned tragic in Vadodara and Bharuch districts in central Gujarat as 12 people drowned and three went missing in separate incidents.At least five persons drowned in Narmada at Nareshwar, about 60 km from Vadodara. Their bodies were recovered, while three more are missing, police said.Four boys drowned in Narmada in two different incidents in Bharuch district. Two died near the Golden Bridge of Bharuch town, while the other two drowned at Kabirvad.In an another incident in Vadodara district, two young boys drowned in Dhadhar river at Alarasa village in Dabhoi taluka, while one boy was saved.Another boy drowned in Narmada canal in Sama locality on the outskirts of the city on Thursday, while three other boys were saved, fire brigade officials of Vadodara Municipal Corporation said. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12192251", "title": "Teachers in assessment row likely to face action", "text": "PUNE: The state's high school teachers' action committee that has been agitating for the removal of 'permanently unaided' status and grants from the government, has resorted to a boycott of HSC paper assessment work to press for their demands. The action committee represents nearly 21,000 teachers from unaided high schools across the state.\"Teachers from permanently unaided high schools hardly get any grants from the state government,\" Tanaji Naik, president of the action committee, said.Director of secondary and higher secondary education Shridhar Salunkhe on Thursday said the education department could invoke provisions of the Essential Services Act against teachers who have boycotted paper assessment work for the HSC exam. The boycott is likely hit the plan to declare HSC results on May 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12191509", "title": "MoI, graft led to Congress fall: Reddy", "text": "PANAJI: While the Congress is yet to assess the main cause behind the poor performance in the assembly election in Goa, All India Congress Committee (AICC) secretary Sudhakar Reddy said that the preliminary report suggests that the medium of instruction (MoI) issue, corruption charges and no \"collective campaign\" led to the party's poor show at the polls.Stating that the Congress handled the MoI issue sincerely but \"could not do much as the issue is in court\", Reddy said the people of Goa \"must have thought that the Congress was insincere on the MoI issue\". He also said that despite the corruption allegation against the BJP in Karanataka, the Congress party could have lost out because people thought they were corrupt.Reddy said, \"We will constitute a special committee to introspect on the actual cause behind the party's debacle in the assembly election,\" adding that a report would be compiled and submitted to the Congress high command.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12201721", "title": "Hundreds of revellers land up in hospitals", "text": "KANPUR: Many revellers landed up in hospitals after the Holi festivities. On Friday, the emergency units and OPDs of Lala Lajpat Rai (LLR) Hospital and Ursula Horsman Memorial (UHM) Hospital were flooded with patients.As many as 53 patients of food poisoning, gastroenteritis and other stomach related ailments were admitted at Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital. The number of patients suffering from gastro-ailments was 68 at UHM Hospital, among them were 40 children.Chief medical superintendent of UHM Hospital AK Nigam said that as many as 17 cases related to accidental injuries and drunken driving were registered till Friday evening. Patients with minor injuries due to scuffle were also brought to the hospital. All of them were discharged. The number of persons getting injured in accidents was less in comparison to last year. There were patients of eye and skin allergies.At LLR Hospital, more than 12 cases of accidental injuries and seven of clashes were brought in the emergency ward of LLR Hospital.\"The year, the number of persons getting injured in accidents was less than the previous year. It may be due to consciousness. However, stomach related ailments are rose sharply during festival,\" chief medical superintendent of LLR Hospital CS Singh said.Skin specialist at UHM Hospital, Dr Ramesh Babu, mentioned that more than 30 cases of allergy due to colours came for treatment.Head of the department of ophthalmology, LLR Hospital, Dr RC Gupta, said that 13 patients of corneal disorders visited the OPD on Friday. In many cases, the colour had penetrated the eyes of the patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12202195", "title": "It's mother of all tests for these brothers", "text": "VADODARA: These two brothers appearing from Godhra for standard XII examinations are being tested for things much beyond their subject knowledge. The boys took the higher secondary certificate (HSC) Gujarat board exams on Friday, hours after cremation of their mother, who had died on Thursday night. She had taken a promise from them that they will appear in the exams.Brothers Bharat and Kamlesh Narsinghani would be in mourning. And their tribute to their mother Laxmiben will be the exams they take. Bharat is appearing in the general stream exams while Kamlesh is a student of science.Before entering his examination hall at M and M Mehta High School, Bharat said that his mother had brain and breast cancers. \"She was under treatment for the last five years. She was admitted to the hospital after her condition became serious on Tuesday. We knew that this would happen some day. She died on Thursday night,\" he said.Bharat added that his brother Kamlesh was elder to him and earlier studied in Mount Abu. \"He wanted to switch to Gujarat board and hence had to let go of an academic year,\" he said.While Bharat was to take his statistics examination on Friday, Kamlesh was to appear for his physics paper at the centre at New Era High School.The mother had told the children that they should not let go of their examination if something unfortunate happened to her. \"It is difficult to concentrate, but we will fulfil her wish,\" Bharat said.Teachers have also been working overtime on the students to ensure that they got emotional support and fared well. \"It is an enormous tragedy and we have been giving them moral support. Bharat had topped the standard XI exams in his school and we were hoping that he would do very well,\" said Anand Ghadiyali, who gives tuitions to Bharat and had accompanied him to the examination centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12190525", "title": "Boom time entices global giants to Kochi", "text": "BANGALORE: Business hopes smile at Kochi on the threshold of a new fiscal. The emerging possibilities reflect on its changing commercial skyline that would soon flaunt global titles like Deloitte, KPMG and Ernst &amp; Young (E&Y;).Kochi has been witnessing unprecedented economic growth. In 2010-11, the state domestic product grew 8.3%. And analysts believe it will sustain these rates in the next three to five years.A number of areas are growing rapidly - construction, manufacturing, shipbuilding, transportation, shipping, seafood, spices, tourism, real estate, healthcare, information technology and financial services. KPMG is one of the first players to open shop in Kochi to ride this wave. Its senior partner Girish K R told TOI that \"it was the right moment to establish presence in Kochi\".Trade is expected to boom in Kochi with the completion of Vallarpadam Transnshipment Container Terminal and other projects. IT and BPO companies like Infosys, Wipro, TCS, UST Global etc are rapidly expanding, Girish said.V J Kurien, MD, Cochin International Airport, said, \"Kochi expects a high-pace, unmatchable growth in the coming years. A lot of infrastructure systems are going to be put in place and that will change the face of the city\".Jose Dominic, chairman of CII's Kerala chapter, said, \"City today reflects the pulse of the industry and spirit of entrepreneurship. It is inching to become a cosmopolitan city\".Cochin Port Trust MD Paul Antony's bet is on the container terminal \"which will change the trade dynamics of Kochi\". The Port Trust is setting up a free trade warehousing zone on Willingdon Island to support third party logistics operators. A general cargo berth of 4 million tonnes is being readied. A ship repair yard is coming up on a 45-acre land on Willingdon Island. Hyatt is setting up a luxury hotel on 26 acres of land on Bolghatty Island. Also coming up is a state-of-the art convention centre and a luxury hotel on a 56-acre land on Willingdon Island.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12192501", "title": "State to frame policy for sportspersons\u2019 cash prize", "text": "MUMBAI: A cold war between CM Prithiviraj Chavan and deputy CM Ajit Pawar seems to be casting cloud over a Rs 1-crore cash prize for three Maharashtra members of the World Cup-winning women's kabbadi team.\"Instead of consulting the CM, Pawar straightaway demanded prize money of Rs 1 crore. To avoid an embarrassing situation, the CM accepted the proposal,\" a top bureaucrat has said.Suvarna Bartakke and Abhilasha Mhatre, both from Mumbai, and Deepika Joseph from Pune are the Maharashtra members of the kabaddi team that won the recent World Cup at Patna . After they returned, Pawar, who is also the chairman of the Kabaddi Federation of India, wrote a personal letter to Chavan saying that in view of their impressive performance, they ought to be given a cash prize of Rs 1 crore each while their coach Ramesh Bhendegiri, who belongs to Kolhapur, should be given Rs 25 lakh. Subsequently, Pawar took up his proposal before the cabinet on Wednesday and insisted that the government immediately give its approval. \"Under such circumstances, Chavan had no option but to accept the proposal,\" said the bureaucrat, adding that the cash prizes would shortly be given to the four.One fallout of the controversy is that the government has now decided to have a policy for cash prizes for sportsmen.\"The sports department has already drafted a comprehensive policy for wins at national and international events,\" said the bureaucrat. While so far the convention was to give Rs 10 lakh to a gold medal winner at the Commonwealth or Asiad games, Rs 7 lakh to silver medal winners and Rs 5 lakh to bronze medal winners, the new policy is much more generous: the department has proposed Rs 1 crore for gold medal winners, Rs 75 lakh for silver medals and Rs 50 lakh for bronze in Olympic events. At international or World Cup events, the cash prizes have been pegged at Rs 30 lakh, Rs 20 lakh and Rs 10 lakh for gold, silver and bronze medals respectively. The bureaucrat said the draft policy would soon be placed before the cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12201905", "title": "'GNLA rebels trying to spread wings in city'", "text": "GUWAHATI: Activists of Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA), a Meghalaya-based outfit, is trying to sneak into the city to carry out criminal activities. The outfit which, has a strong base in the bordering areas of Kamrup (rural) district and Meghalaya, is now trying to spread tentacles in the city, said a police source.This came to the fore after police succeeded in nabbing Rinphu Sangma, self-styled lance corporal of GNLA, from Nine mile area here on Thursday. Police found a 3.2 pistol, ammunition, mobile handsets with SIM cards and Rs 57,000 from his possession. Rinphu hails from West Garo Hills district of Meghalaya.\"Rinphu is the area commander of GNLA based in the Mendipathar area of Garo Hills. Police arrested him when he came to meet his wife in the Nine Mile area,\" said an officer. He added that a Meghalaya Police team has already arrived in Guwahati.The operations wing, later, launched an operation in the bordering areas of the city and Meghalaya. Though police didn't confirm any further arrests, a source said three persons have been detained. \"We had information about GNLA's activities in and around the city. A few days ago, a coal depot owner was kidnapped by some armed men. We believe they belong to GNLA. We hope interrogation of Rinphu will reveal a lot,\" added the policeman.On March 2, Dinesh Sarma of Beltola area here was abducted by unidentified gunmen from Ri Bhoi district on the Meghalaya-Assam border. He was kidnapped from his coal depot at Pillangkata in Meghalaya.Earlier on March 2, security forces arrested three GNLA cadres from the neighbouring district of Goalpara. Officials found an AK-47 rifle, two guns, one lamination machine, fake vehicle documents and mobile handsets from their possession.\"The GNLA is trying to sneak into the city areas and is targeting some businessmen for abductions to collect money. We have inputs that they are also in touch with major outfits of Assam,\" said an intelligence official.On March 4, GNLA released a senior bank official, VK Gupta, after keeping him in their custody for 17 days. The GNLA, formed in 2009, is fighting for a \"sovereign Garoland' in the western areas of Meghalaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "12190457", "title": "'Will act on Tata Institute of Social Sciences' Malegaon report'", "text": "MALEGAON: Minister of state Fauzia Khan on a visit to Malegaon announced that the state will take action about the issues revealed in a survey report on Malegaon by the Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS). She said she was stunned after reading about the findings of the survey in the February 23 edition of TOI.\"The data gives a very grave picture of the ground level situation in Malegaon. Once the report formally comes to us, we will study the issues the report has highlighted, and find suitable remedial solutions,\" Khan, who holds around seven portfolios including health, child labour, primary education and minorities development, said.Khan is an NCP leader from Marathwada and was speaking to TOI on the sidelines of a party rally held in Malegaon to kick-start the NCP's poll campaign for the local civic elections expected in April/May.When asked about her stand on the location of the proposed Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) centre, in view of the general perception in Malegaon that she was opposing Malegaon as its location, FauziaKhan said, \"I am neither opposing Malegaon nor supporting Khuldabad. My aim is to have this centre functional as soon as possible.\"The TISS Malegaon Report has recommended the establishment of the AMU branch in Malegaon as one of the many recommendations to bail out the city from its present dire socio-economic and educational condition.Authored by Dr Abdul Shaban, an associate professor at the centre for development studies, TISS, the 221-page report aimed at studying the socio-economic and infrastructural situation in Malegaon and preparing a multi-sectoral development plan for the city, was commissioned in January 2010 to TISS by the minorities development department, government of Maharashtra, and the state minorities commission.The report, submitted to the commission on December 20, 2011, reveals shocking data that show alarmingly high deaths due to malnutrition, lack of basic amenities, poor health conditions and of school dropouts and rampant unemployment in Malegaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195717", "title": "Sneha Ullal to shoot second sensual video", "text": "Pleasantly surprised by the over-whelming response her first sensual video got, the actress is filming another videoReinstating the same, Sneha posted, \"My Second Home video discussions start now..so excited you'll will love it I promise..\" on a microblogging site, followed by a more recent post that said, \"Finalized the song for my next Video..omg chills down my spine.\" The first video, 'Lick', was shot by her friend and noted Hyderabadi photographer Sarath Shetty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12201503", "title": "Three huts torched in Bhadohi", "text": "VARANASI: Following a clash between two groups over burning of Holika, three huts of dalits were torched by hooligans in Makhdumpur village under Bhadohi Kotwali police station around midnight on March 7. The police lodged a case against four persons in this regard. No arrest has been made so far in this connection. Chairman of National Commission for Schedule Castes PL Punia made a visit to the village on Friday to take a first-hand account of the incident.According to reports, following a dispute over taking wood for burning Holika, two groups clashed. The huts of Dibula, Motilal and one other person were torched by a group. Some people of both groups also sustained injuries in the clash.The police swung into action after getting information. Inspector of Bhadohi Ajay Srivastava told TOI over phone that FIR was registered against four persons in this connection. He ruled out the involvement of Samajwadi Party supporters or workers in this incident. According to him, the reason for the incident was a dispute over Holika burning.Punia, after inspecting the incident site, also ruled out the possibility of SP workers' involvement in arson and said it occurred over a petty dispute. He also appealed for peace and harmony in the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12190322", "title": "2 sent to police custody in fake voter ID scam", "text": "NASHIK: Kanhaiya Pardeshi and Vijay Kasbe, alleged to have printed forged Election Photo Identity Cards (EPIC) and arrested by Panchavati police, have been remanded in police custody till March 12. Meanwhile, the district collector P Velrasu has submitted a detailed enquiry report to the State Election Commissioner (SEC) Neela Satyanrayanan.Claiming that it had no 'substance' to file any complaint against Pardeshi on the issue of printing fake EPICs, the district administration had finally registered a case against Pardeshi and Vijay Kasbe, the vendor of Election Commission of India (ECI). Acting on the complaint, the Panchavati Police arrested the duo. which has been remanded in police custody till March 12.Pardeshi had presented lists of fake EPICs printed by him while he was working with Aatishay Infotech, the firm which had been given the contract of preparing EPICs, to the SEC. Pardeshi had been demanding his arrest, while Kasbe claimed that all these claims were untrue. After the some contestants who lost the NMC elections registered their protests with the SEC, the Collector was asked to file a report. This followed a day-long enquiry against both the accused duo - Pardeshi and Kasbe - after which a case was filed in the police station. The other accused - Milind Bhalerao and Sanjay Bute - are still absconding.Meanwhile, 90 names out of the 156 on the list of fake EPICs provided by Pardeshi to the SEC have been identified in the electoral roll as being bogus.\"It is a matter of concernand hence the action. However, who these people have voted for cannot be found out for technical reasons. The report has been submitted to the SEC,\" an official from the collectorate said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "khammam", "code": "12191766", "title": "3 die during Holi celebration", "text": "KHAMMAM: Three persons died during Holi revelry in different incidents in Khammam district on Thursday. Lingaiah, 19, a labourer, collapsed and died at his home at Prakash Nagar here while playing Holi.Lingaiah did not get up after his friends pinned him down to the floor and splashed him with colours. Panicked friends and family members rushed him to hospital where he was declared brought dead. According to his parents, the youth was an epilectic.In another tragedy, Banda Bharath, 7, who jumped into a stream after playing Holi drowned at Patarlagadda village in Tekulapalli mandal. His body was retrieved later. An eighth standard student, S K Aman, 13, drowned in the Godavari at Bhadrachalam when he went for bathing after celebrating Holi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12194709", "title": "This music is not for real", "text": "Till now fake promos and fake stills of unreleased films have been available online but now scamsters have taken the concept of piracy to a whole new level.Mumbai Mirror stumbled upon a street stall in Kandivali, where the vendor was selling CDs for Rs 50. One of the CDs featured songs from the unreleased films, Ek Tha Tiger and Jannat 2.The vendors claim the songs are not fake and belong to the films; however, the filmmakers have a different stand and assert that none of the songs are part of the films. Interestingly, the filmmakers haven't taken any action against these DVD sellers may be because, in a way, it is helping them garner publicity.When contacted, the director of Ek Tha Tiger, Kabir Khan said that he is aware of the situation. He also tweeted about the matter and said that the rumours are false.Kunal Deshmukh, director of Jannat 2 said, \"I have been getting numerous calls and messages from people asking me whether my music has been leaked but on hearing them, I realised it wasn't mine. There is a lot of anticipation surrounding the music of Jannat 2. The scary part is living upto these expectations.\"Mahesh Bhatt, producer of Jannat 2 said, \"I am flattered that fake music of our film is being sold on the street even before the first promo of the film has gone on air.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12190468", "title": "Manmad-Kurla train to chug off from Sunday", "text": "NASHIK: From Sunday, commuting from Nashik to Mumbai is going to be a tad easier as the Central Railway will run a train between Manmad and Lokmanya Tilak Terminus at Kurla. The train, Rajya Rani Express, will officially be flagged off on Saturday at Manmad railway station at 1pm but will start chugging off on the Manmad-Kurla tracks from 5.25am on Sunday.On its journey to Kurla, the 22101 UP will reach Nashik at 6.22am, Kalyan at 8.30am, and will arrive at Kurla, its final destination, at 9.50am. On its return journey, the superfast 22102 DN will leave Kurla at 7pm and reach Manmad at 11.30pm. The Rajya Rani Express was announced in the Union rail budget of 2011-12.MP Sameer Bhujbal has demanded that the train should originate from Nandgaon and go up to Dadar and Central Railway general manager Subodhkumar Jain assured him that it will be done once the schedules were worked out.Manohar Patil, member divisional railway committee, has demanded that the train be halted at Thane junction. \"Kurla terminus has no connectivity with the main line. Either the person has to change stations (at Tilak Nagar and Kurla) or continue with the harbour line (till CST) but it is inconvenient. Instead, a halt at Thane in current scenario (when train is not being taken to Dadar) will prove beneficial for the passengers,\" he said, adding that this demand has been put up with the Railways.The train will have six general second class coaches, eight second class chair cars, one AC chair car and two general second class-cum-brake vans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12190634", "title": "Trinamool talks of early polls, leaves Cong rattled", "text": "CHENNAI: The perception that the assembly poll debacle would weaken the Congress at the Centre strengthened on Thursday with Trinamool Congress leader and Union railway minister Dinesh Trivedi saying that some UPA allies may be open to the idea of a mid-term poll.Senior BJP leader Sushma Swaraj was the first to latch on to the statement, arguing that mid-term elections were a distinct possibility as the UPA government was dependent on regional parties for support and a UPA ally itself had raised the issue. The BJP's attempt to gain mileage saw Trivedi hastily issuing a clarification, stating that Trinamool had no plan to pull the plug on the UPA.Trivedi had earlier said at a function that political momentum was gathering for general elections, which could come \"sooner rather than later\". He said after the March 6 verdict, the SP and even the Trinamool would want to see a mid-term poll so that they \"can increase their tally\" in Parliament.Rattled by Trivedi's faux pas, or \"a bouncing of ideas as an individual, not in his official capacity as TMC leader or minister\", the Congress was quick to scotch speculation of early polls. Environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan in Chennai and MoS for parliamentary affairs Rajiv Shukla in Delhi said the government would last its full term at the Centre and the relations between the allies were largely cordial, barring differences on a few issues.\"There is no question of mid-term polls, and the UPA government will last its full term,\" Natarajan said, downplaying the impact of the UP electoral verdict.In a rejoinder to Sushma Swaraj, Natarajan exhorted \"rival parties which have won in three states\" - UP, Punjab and Goa - to \"concentrate on good governance\" and \"not hope to destabilize the central government because that is a wish that will not come true\".She said the UPA government would not only continue but also strive to get the women's reservation bill passed in the Lok Sabha during the upcoming session.Jayanthi Natarajan also referred to Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's call to party units to engage the allies and maintain good relationships with them. \"The Congress president has said we will continue to engage with all our allies,\" she said, reflecting the party's commitment to keep intact its ties with the DMK.Shukla also emphasized that the differences within the UPA were merely over \"one or two issues\" which would in no way affect government's stability.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12194998", "title": "Rajini\u2019s next with K V Anand?", "text": "The Superstar is said to be in talks with the Ko director for a film in the futureEven as the Superstar's gearing up to begin work on his Kochadaiyaan, the industry is rife with reports that he is keen on working with K V Anand next. The director has churned out mass entertainers, including Ayan and Ko, and Rajinikanth reportedly thought that Anand would be a good option to work with after completing work on two period films (Kochadaiyaan and Rana).An aide close to the Superstar says, \"Though nothing has been officially confirmed, it's indeed true that Rajini wishes to work in a commercial film now. His office is in discussion with K V Anand, and the two are most likely to join hands soon.\" The buzz is that the Bollywood production house that was supposed to co-produce Rana will be funding this project as well.However, the source informs, \"Anand has met with the Superstar and narrated a one-liner. He's yet to flesh it out though as he's busy with Maattrraan. The deal could be signed as soon as the finer details of this film are finalized.\" The source adds, \"Rajini, along with the entire cast and crew of the film, is flying to the UK by March 15 to start shooting for Kochadaiyaan. It'll be a 25-day schedule.\"RAJINI'S 'BIRTH'DAY Holi is a special festival for the Superstar as the name 'Rajinikanth' was given to Shivaji Rao Gaekwad on this very day many years ago by ace filmmaker K Balachander. It is said that the Superstar remembers this day fondly even today and makes it a point to get the blessings of his mentor-director, who 'named' him and gave him his first break in Tamil cinema.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195310", "title": "I see albums as an artform: Rabbi Shergill", "text": "Rabbi Shergill runs Bryan Durham through his latest album and explains a long absence from the shelvesRabbi Shergill has taken his own sweet time in coming out with his third studio album, III. The selfstyled urban baladeer's album is out in stores as of Monday and there will be an official launch sometime soon.It's been four years since his last Avengi Ja Nahin and the delay isn't because he's in want of material or inspiration. In fact, III has been ready for two years now. \"I could've released it then,\" he says, adding tersely, \"I see albums as an artform, as something I don't want to give up easily. I didn't feel it would be given a fair share. No point in it just gracing shelves. The record label I currently am with felt it was topical and decided to pitch it differently.\"What kept him occupied all this time? \"I've been touring, reading books, travelling to cities like San Diego and Miami...,\" he shrugs. Tell him that the title of the album seems like a lazy afterthought and you sense a defensive tone in his voice, \"Several ideas were discussed. But they kept getting shot down by the record label. Eventually, they decided to go with III.\" Then inexplicably, the afterthought, \"It's like sighting a Siberian crane, they used to come quite often to our shores. Now not so much.\" Moving on...Ganga, the first ditty off the nine-track album gets a video and the hunt is on for faces to populate the frames. A general entertainment channel is helping out. The concept behind the video? \"It's about the river and it's not about the river.\" he offers, cryptic as ever. The explanation follows, \"It did start with a love affair with the real Ganga. The ones that start from Gangotri and terminate at Hrishikesh and Haridwar are my favourite stretches. The white sands on the banks of the rivers are something else. And I am definitely inspired by the women around me -in my family and among my friends. Coming from a patriarchal society, the song is a conscious urging to all women to not take things unquestioningly and to keep the rebel in them alive. What really spurred my thought process was seeing these Russian swimmers in the river at Haridwar. It was as if they were playing with this mighty toy (the river). It was political and environmental resistance at its best. I found that so poetic!\"Song For Picku was another number off the tracklist piqued our interest. \"It's an instrumental track,\" he muses, \"For somebody who is really close to me. She was going through a distressing phase and much anguish. People bring you roses at such times, I brought her this song.\"Cabaret Weimar has traces of Punjabi hip-hop and will feature a \"true-blue rap artist J Nu. I found him while in Miami.\" The title comes from the \"most fantastic period in Germany's history. It refers to an era of an explosion of entertainment and decadence. In fact, at the time, Germany was the most decadent place in Europe. It swept away everything else in its wake. There is an irony to be noticed here. We are an entertainment-obsessed people. It seems our ability to see anything is compromised. I wanted to write and express what I was feeling. As human beings, we're losing it all -love, warmth and friendship. We can't schedule feelings like we tend to do now. Where's the spontaineity?\"Any instruments to watch out for? He says, \"The thing is, I have always wanted to become a decent instrumentalist. I regret that I didn't give the instrumentalist in me a fair chance to shine. This time around, I really wanted to be a guitar player. I just found a new instrumental lease of life. And yeah, you can hear the pakhawaj on Tu Hi...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12190137", "title": "Bikers injured in separate road mishaps", "text": "NASHIK: A 65 year old person of Tapovan Road, Kathe Galli (65), a resident of Tapovan Road, was injured in a road accident near Bela Petrol Pump, Dwarka, recently. According to reports, Jeetish Chawla (35) and his father Ramesh Chawla were on their motocycle when a biker coming from the opposite direction collided with against them. Ramesh suffered severe injuries. Further investigations are underway.In another incident, on Wednesday, at around 10.15am near Gharpure Ghat, a speeding autorickshaw hit a motorcycle from behind, causing injury to the biker and damage to both the vehicles. Rakesh Shirsagar of Dhatrak Phata, Panchavati has registered a complaint against the rickshaw driver.Vehicle theftA Hero Honda motorcycle worth Rs 25,000 was stolen when parked in front of Saibaba Hospital, Shalimar, on March 1 between 9.30 am to 11 am. Rajesh Patil, the owner of the bike, has lodged a complaint in this regard at the Bhadrakali police station.Students robbed of Rs 20,400Two students were robbed of Rs 20,400 in the city on Wednesday. In a complaint lodged by Pushkar Vedhne (18) of Ganesh Nagar, Kalwan, on Wednesday at the Sarkarwada Police Station, the complainant said that on Wednesday between 1.15 pm to 2.45 pm, three unidentified people forcibly made him and his friend sit in a rickshaw while they were going for a tuition class. Vedhne said that the strangers directed them to sit in the rickshaw on the pretext that some of their friend was beaten up because of him. Subsequently, Vedhne and his friend were taken to the Rokdoba Wadi area of the city, where the strangers forcibly took away his gold and silver ring and also snatched the ATM of his friend and withdrew Rs 4,000 from his account. The Sarkarwada Police are investigating the case.Misappropriation of Rs 28.37 lakhA case of misappropriating funds to the tune of Rs 28,37,391 has been registered against one Amruta Chavan, resident of Lakhalgaon. According to the complaint lodged by Sanjay Lolge, resident of Kusumagraj Housing Society, Sadguru Nagar, Nashik Road, accused Amruta Chavan, who was the chief secretary of Lakhalgaon Co-operative Society from April 1, 2009 to March 31, 2010, of misappropriating the funds of the society by misusing her post in the society. The Adgaon police are investigating the case.Rs 45,800 stolen in house break-inRs 45,800 were stolen in a house break-in that took place in the city at Gajanan Park, Adgaon Shivar. According to the Adgaon Police, Sachin Badgujar of Gajanan Park, Adgaon Shivar had been out for some work from March 6 to March 7. Sometime between these two days, some unidentified thieves broke open the lock of his closed house and stole gold jewellery of worth Rs 45,000 and Rs 800 kept in a suitcase. In a similar incident between 9.00 pm of March 6 and 8.00 am of March 7, jewellery worth Rs 88,000 and Rs 15,000 were stolen from a closed house, in Shivaji Chowk, Cidco. Padmavati Kasar has registered a case in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12201327", "title": "US adds 2.27 lakh new jobs in February; unemployment rate at 8.3%", "text": "WASHINGTON: More than 2.27 lakh jobs were added to the US economy in the month of February, with unemployment remaining at 8.3%, official figures released on Friday said, prompting the White House to assert that the country's economy is gaining ground.\"Today's employment report provides further evidence that the economy is continuing to heal from the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression ,\" Alan B Krueger, chairman of the President's Council of Economic Advisers , said after the release of February's employment figures.After losing millions of good manufacturing jobs in the years before and during the recession, the economy has added 429,000 manufacturing jobs in the past two years, he said, adding that for the first time since the 1990s, the manufacturing sector is adding jobs.\"To support a revival in manufacturing jobs and output, the president has proposed tax incentives for manufacturers, enhanced training for the workforce, and measures to create manufacturing hubs,\" he said.According to the data, private sector payrolls increased by 233,000 jobs and overall payroll employment rose by 227,000 jobs in February. The unemployment rate was unchanged at 8.3%. The unemployment rate has fallen by 0.8 percentage points over the last 6 months.\"Despite adverse shocks that have created headwinds for economic growth, the economy has added private sector jobs for 24 straight months, for a total of more than 3.9 million payroll jobs over that period. In the last 12 months, 2.2 million private sector jobs were added on net. In the last 6 months, 1.3 million private sector jobs were added, the most of any 6 month period in nearly 6 years,\" he said.Senate Majority Leader, Harry Reid , termed it as a encouraging news. Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi said the jobs report is a step in the right direction for the middle class and for small businesses. \"But we still have more work to do.\"According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics Report, February marked two years of consecutive month-on-month growth in private sector employment. \"This is a strong sign that our economy is recovering and that our country is on the right path forward,\" said Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer .However, Republicans continued to be critical of the economic condition. \"It is positive news that more Americans were able to find jobs last month and help provide relief for themselves and their families - particularly as we see the Obama Administration continuing to push policies that make it harder for small businesses to grow and harder for even more Americans to find success in this economy,\" said House Republcian Policy Committee Chairman, Tom Price .\"The fact remains that at this point in an economic recovery, growth and job creation ought to be far more robust ... Slow growth with a fragile job market is not acceptable today and it ought not be acceptable for America's future,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12194495", "title": "2 held for exam malpractice", "text": "PUNE: An engineering student was arrested by the Koregaon Park police on Wednesday for alleged impersonation in the mathematics paper of the Higher Secondary Certificate ( HSC) examination.The suspect has been identified as Raju Mukunde Dengle (27) of Yerawada. The student, Ajinkya Vitthal Chamare (26) of Wagholi, on whose name Dengle was appearing for the exam has also been arrested.Assistant police inspector of the Koregaon Park police station Vishwas Jatak said the incident came into light when the supervisor became suspicious after Dengle showed him a copy of the hall ticket. \"The supervisor found the signature on the hall ticket different from that on his record.\"Jatak said the supervisor then told Dengle to produce his identity card. \"Dengle told him that his identity card was with his brother, who was waiting outside. He went out of the examination hall and pretended to call his brother.\"He said the supervisor then told Dengle to write the paper and got the list of the hall tickets from the office. \"When he found the photograph on the office list different from the one on the hall ticket, he called the police.\"Jatak said Dengle told the police that Chamare was waiting for him on the premises of the college. \"We asked Dengle to call him and also arrested Chamare.\"Dengle also said that he was pursuing engineering from a private college in Pimpri. \"Both of them were arrested under section 420 (cheating) of the Indian Penal Code,\" Jatak added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195324", "title": "Capturing a revolution", "text": "What would we do without our beloved automobiles - the cars , the bikes, the SUVs and those minis?The folks of this lovely city decided to pay homage to all our vehicles at this special photo exhibition, commemorating 125 years of the automotive industry. The selection featured some brilliant photographs of cars, trucks and four wheelers in all shapes, sizes and colours, painting a picture of complete automotive symphony.The guests were seen admiring these pictures that presented a wonderful montage of the industry over the past century.Of course, apart from the exhibition, there was also a panel discussion centred on the same subject which had some very enthusiastic speakers and great feedback from the audiences too. Well, now you know why we all love Drive's Ryan Gosling - it's because he loves his car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "theni", "code": "12191186", "title": "Cop shoots himself to death, father cries foul", "text": "THENI: A young policeman deployed for security in the micro-power generation station at Vaigai dam in Theni district committed suicide by shooting himself to death.The youth pumped a bullet into his head in a bathroom at the dam, on Wednesday. The father of the 26-year-old policeman, however, alleged that his son committed suicide due to work pressure. Police said that the constable Suresh, son of Muthukumaran (70), an ex-serviceman from Silvarpatti village near Periyakulam in Theni district joined the police force last year.After serving in the 14th special police battalion since joining, he was sent to serve as one of the security personnel to the dam site, recently.Suresh, who was staying in the staff quarters there, went inside the bathroom and moments later there was a noise of a gun fire, police said. When fellow security men rushed into the room, they found Suresh in a pool of blood with the bullet having pierced through his head.Police said that Suresh attempted to commit suicide six months back by consuming poison, but was rescued in hospital.His father, Muthukumaran told the police that his son was not happy with the job ever since joining the force. But Suresh was forced to continue in the job due to his compulsion, he added. Muthukumaran took the blame stating that he wanted to make Suresh an army officer, as he had also served in the army. Since he could not make it to the army, Muthukumaran made him join the police force. Muthukumaran told police that his son was found stressed for the past several months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "12191247", "title": "Power cuts play printer's devil", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: Sivakasi, the printing hub of the country, has been crippled, with the severe power crisis in the state bringing down its total production by 50%. Thousands of auxiliary units are unable to operate due to lack of power. Printing, fireworks and matches are the three important industries in Sivakasi, also called 'mini Japan' due to its round-the-clock industrial activities. These three industries are very much interconnected. Printing is one of the prominent sectors in Sivakasi with the latest technology in vogue. However, the heavily power-fed printing industry has taken a serious blow due to the power crisis in the state.Sampath, production manager in one of the leading printers at Sivakasi, says the power cuts extend to more than six hours in the day and more than four hours at night. \"The power scenario has increased the production costs significantly. For instance, the production cost has gone up from Rs 45 to 60 per ream but orders have to be delivered at the old prices quoted to clients. They will not pay for additional costs just because there are power cuts in our state,\" he pointed out. \"Labourers are kept idle during the shift hours due to power cuts and the skilled labourers cannot be laid off because they are assets in the printing industry,\" he added.\"What we are worried more about is the damage to goodwill as we are not able to meet deadlines,\" said Rajasingh Chelladurai from Standard Group. \"Recently, one of our clients from France came down to Sivakasi to know the factors delaying their orders. Our export orders stand to be lost in future,\" he said. Besides, the machines used in printing are high-end machines and the frequent power cuts are damaging them. \"The delicate machines that cost crores of rupees are prone to breakdowns due to power cuts. Even a minor repair costs Rs 2 to Rs 3 lakh,\" he said. The power cuts have seriously affected auxiliary units feeding majors in the industry. Most of these units cannot afford generator power, Rajasingh said.The printing process undergoes various stages and a significant portion of minor works like binding, scoring, laminating, foil stamping and varnish coating are handled by small units in the town. \"The production loss at small units has hit bigger units and this has further affected other dependent industries such as matches and fireworks also,\" pointed out AMSG Ashokan of Jayagraham Offset Printers. \"The government should take immediate measures to increase power production. It can rope in private participation. Industrialists can be roped in for the process and if allowed, industrialists at Sivakasi can come out with a power station to cater the needs of Sivakasi at least,\" he said.The government announced a power holiday for Sivakasi on Friday, and the Printers Association has announced the same to its members. However, the power scenario has not changed much. \"We are ready to oblige the government, but it should keep its promises too,\" said S Cheirmaraj, president of the Sivakasi Master Printers Association.The printing industry is bleeding with financial losses, he said. \"Employee amenities are higher in Sivakasi with industrialists providing three bonuses in a year and other benefits. We cannot lose our workforce since the labour shortage is intense in the region. The workforce has not been laid off and they are paid full wages without work,\" Cheirmaraj said. Like the owners, workers are also affected since a huge portion of their income was coming through overtime. \"The huge portion of our income depended upon overtime we were doing in the units. After the power cuts, there is literally no OT and we are struggling to run our families with the limited monthly income. The power crisis has affected both owners and workers alike,\" said Murali, a worker in the printing unit.A brief profile of printing industry in Sivakasi- started as litho printing 80 years ago to print labels for fireworks and matches- More than Rs 1,000 crore turnover per annum- 200 big units, 300 medium and 3,000 micro units called auxiliary units- Big units can be classified with up to 8 machines with 20 hp while micro units operate half to one hp machines. The industry is heavily power-fed- Big units have got high-end imported machineries from abroad that can cost crores together- Total number of employees in printing can be estimated to 50,000 to 75,000 direct employees and more than 1 lakh dependent employees as portion of work is carried out as cottage industry at homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12191634", "title": "Girl caned for speaking Telugu in school", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: In yet another instance of corporal punishment, a class IV student was allegedly beaten mercilessly by the school principal for speaking in Telugu in school three days ago. The incident came to light on Thursday when her parents lodged a complaint at Kancharapalem police station against the principal, MSM Murthy.Murthy was arrested and booked under section 324 of Indian Penal Code. The 10-year-old girl, S Pavani, who is a student of MSM Public School at Muralinagar, was left with rows of welts on her left hand. The girl was sent to King George Hospital for medical treatment.Pavani was called to the principal's chambers on Tuesday after she was found conversing with her classmates in Telugu by the class leader. Murthy allegedly lashed her repeatedly on her left hand with a cane causing deep cut wounds which looked like blisters. The frightened girl told her mother Sujatha about the excruciating pain only on Thursday. Sujatha was shocked to see the bruises which the girl had been trying to cover up. The girl had suffered in silence for two days as she was threatened by the principal that she would be removed from the school if she ever told her parents about the incident. The girl told media persons that the principal had beaten her up mercilessly despite her pleas. \"Pavani is in a state of shock and is too scared to go to school,\" her father Poli Naidu, a mason, said. \"The principal was arrogant and said Pavani had injured herself when we questioned him about the bruises,\" he said. Naidu said he would not send his daughter to the school again.People's organizations and parents staged protests in front of the school after the news came out. TDP leaders demanded that the government withdraw the recognition of the school immediately. Telugu language proponents said the school management's action was evidence of disregard for Telugu and demanded stringent action against the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12194335", "title": "Insurance co staffer held for vehicle thefts", "text": "PUNE: The Deccan Gymkhana police on Wednesday arrested a woman, an MBA who works with a private insurance company, and a 45-year-old man, for allegedly stealing two-wheelers from different parts of the city.The police have recovered three stolen scooters from the suspects identified as Rupali Ananta Dhobale (24), currently a resident of Vishrantwadi and originally from Ambegaon taluka and Mahesh Shripad Virdikar of Shankaranand housing society on Sinhagad Road. Virdikar owns a business of buying and selling second hand two-wheelers.Sub-inspector B M Dayma, attached to the Deccan Gymkhana police station, said on Wednesday, he and his team were patrolling in the jurisdiction of the police station. Police Naik Mahesh Nimbalkar saw a woman standing near a scooter. \"We got suspicious after noticing the registration number of the scooter, as it was from a series meant for four-wheelers,\" Dayma said.The police detained the woman for questioning. During investigations, she told the police that a dealer of second hand vehicles had sold her the vehicle. \"We brought Virdikar for questioning. During interrogation, he revealed that he had stolen the scooter with Dhobale's help,\" Dayma said.Dayma said around two years back, Dhobale had contacted Virdikar for purchasing a second had two-wheeler. \"The duo decided to steal a scooter as she did not have enough money to buy the vehicle,\" Dayma said.Dayma said they used to steal the scooters with help of duplicate keys. \"Prima facie investigations have revealed that the duo had stolen six two-wheelers. So far, we have recovered three scooters from them,\" he said.Dhobale has completed her masters in business administration and is currently working in a private insurance company. \"She draws a handsome salary,\" Dayma said.The duo was produced before a court on Thursday and remanded to police custody till March 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12194996", "title": "Sunil Shetty\u2019s good news", "text": "Sunil Shetty had a health scare last week while at home in his Khandala bungalow. He was in the bathroom when wife Mana heard a huge thud and thought he'd dropped something.Turns out he had passed out and had fallen on the floor. Nothing of the sort had happened before, and even though he felt better later, his family insisted that he do all sorts of tests, He was in hospital for three days and the reports came back positive. He told us, \"My blood pressure just dropped. That's what caused it and it's nothing serious.I am glad I did the tests though. The best part is now my high blood pressure medication might be reduced.\" Meanwhile, as the actor is waiting for his facial injuries to disappear, Mana is ensuring he isn't working too hard. He laughs, \"With wives, every health problem boils down to 'you are working too hard', no?\" Yes, Anna we agree!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12192294", "title": "Fewer cases of drunk driving this Holi", "text": "MUMBAI: The traffic police's sustained campaign against drunk driving seems to be driving the point home among revellers. On Holi this year, the police recorded 465 cases of drunk driving across the city. This is lesser than the 497 cases recorded for the same offence last year. Officials also said no major accidents were reported this year.\"Some of the highest cases were recorded in Kandivli and Malad divisions in the western suburbs on Thursday,\" said an official attached to the traffic control room. The offenders were penalized Rs 2,000 each and their driving licences were seized. They will have to appear before court on Friday and can plead guilty or contest the action taken against them.There were no major traffic jams across the city, barring a snarl near Sion Hospital in the afternoon, when family members and residents of nearly 200 children, who had taken ill while playing Holi, gathered.A senior traffic official said no specific spots had been earmarked for conducting the drive this year. \"Our personnel fanned out to locations in the city and conducted checks throughout the day. They were instructed to focus on major junctions, with breath-analyzers,\" the official said.The traffic cops recorded 77,215 such cases between June 2007 and February 2012; 42,932 offenders were sentenced to simple imprisonment and driving licences of 38,913 motorists were suspended. The police have roped in college students to stand at junctions with placards too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195422", "title": "'Good songs should draw you in\u2019", "text": "With another first to their credit, Shankar, Ehsaan and Loy speak to Deepali S Dhingra about their thoughts on musicIt's been an interesting last year for Shankar, Ehsaan and Loy. Though music scores of films like Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara and Don 2 received a lukewarm response initially, they went on to rise high on the popularity charts. \"I feel that critics should never review music on one listening. Because good songs have that tendency of growing on you - they draw you in and get under your skin,\" believes Ehsaan. According to Shankar, the audience takes time in accepting a new sound. \"It's like tasting a new cuisine, you don't know how to react to it initially,\" he adds. The music directors, who're all set with films like Bhaag Milkha Bhaag, Vishwaroopam, Amitabh Bachchan starrer Mehrunissa and many others, don't believe in taking it easy, even after spending more than a decade in the industry. \"You can never really say 'I've made it'. In this industry, you have to find your niche and work on it,\" Ehsaan adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12194916", "title": "Jat agitation: Khap leaders hold crucial meet in Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Powerful khap leaders of Haryana have decided to hold a crucial meeting at Jind town of state on Friday to decide future course of action on the issue of Jat agitation.A senior leader of Dalal Khap, Captain (retired) Man Singh Dalal said that they have set up a 26 member committee to take a call on the matter.The khap leaders have been very active on the issue for the past few days. They have also held two meetings with Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda.On March 3, they had announced to suspend the stir, giving a relief to the government. But Jat agitators, who were sitting on the railway track near Mayyar village of Hisar, denied to lift the dharna. After three days of it, when Haryana police moved to remove the protesters, an agitator Sandeep, 18, died allegedly in the 'police firing' which lead violent protests in the entire Hisar district. Thousands of agitators are still sitting on the railway track along with the body of Sandeep on the railway track, which connect Delhi to Hisar, near Mayyar village.Meanwhile, the protesters have given ultimatum to the government to release their leaders by 1 pm on Friday. On the other hand, general secretary of Akhil Bhartiya Jat Aarkashan Sangarsh Samiti, Dr Om Parkash Dhankhar said that they would hold a separate meeting at Jhajjar on Friday on the Jat stir. The jats have been demanding reservation in government jobs under OBC quota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12200022", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav to be chief minister of Uttar Pradesh: TV reports", "text": "NEW DELHI: Akhilesh Yadav will be the next chief minister of Uttar Pradesh, according to TV reports. Sources say that Samajwadi Party leader Mulayam Singh Yadav has convinced senior leaders of the party on Akhilesh's candidature.At 38, Akhilesh Yadav will be the youngest CM of Uttar Pradesh. The SP parliamentary board will meet on Saturday March 10 to formally decide and announce the CM of Uttar Pradesh. Even, Akhilesh Yadav added to the suspense today by evading questions on the chief ministership issue.Ever since the election results were out on Tuesday, there has been speculation as to who would be the chief minister. A section of party leaders wanted Akhilesh as the new CM, crediting with the party's change of fortunes with his spirited campaign before and during the elections.\"We don't have anything to say today. The legislature party will meet tomorrow where the leader will be chosen. All MLAs and MPs will take part in the meeting,\" Mulayam Singh Yadav said earlier in the day.The SP got a majority in the state assembly by securing 224 seats out of the total 403 seats.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12192279", "title": "\u2018Call me, I will deal with your civic problems\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena's Sunil Prabhu (42) said a day before he is set to become the city's next first citizen that anyone can call him directly and he'll attend to their civic-related problems.He told TOI at Matoshree on Thursday that he would not cut his ties with the public, who got him to this position. \"All channels to communicate with me will always remain open. I have been winning elections only because I am accessible to the public,\" said the mayoral candidate.Prabhu, the Sena's most prominent leader, started his political career as a gatpramukh when he was in Class XI. Inspired by the Sena ideology, Prabhu started off as a personal assistant to senior Sena leader Gajanan Kirtikar from 1992 to 1997. There was no looking back for Prabhu, who won his first election when he was 27 and then went on to win three civic elections.\"Every time I won elections, my opponents lost their security deposits. In every election, my ward has changed, but I won each time because of my work in the ward and for activities in the house,\" said Prabhu.The agenda has been decided. In the next two-and-a-half years, Prabhu will focus on implementing all that has been promised in his party manifesto. He said six months down the line he can be evaluated for services provided in the healthcare sector, roads, water and solid waste management. \"My efforts will be channelized towards providing international standard services. Top priority will be for hospitals, followed by roads, water and sewerage.\"Realizing bad roads has been a sore point for the party, Prabhu said he would audit the Rs 900-crore work. \"Study groups will be formed to find ways to bring in more water to the city,\" he said. On whether he will only fulfill the party's wishes, Prabhu said, \"My job will be to work as a team.\"Being voted as best orator in the civic house more than once, and known for his powerful speeches, Prabhu said this would be reflected in the civic body's proceedings. \"Expect the house proceedings to be aggressive, where people will see lively debates.\" Following the footsteps of Chhagan Bhujbal, Prabhu is likely to make ward visits during his tenure. \"I will be visiting wards. I will also take up questions of corporators and call for meetings,\" said Prabhu.Admitting that the mayor has limited financial powers, the Sena leader said it would not act as an impediment towards fulfilling his vision for the city. \"It will certainly be a challenge for me but I am sure that I can make the best out of whatever opportunities I get while I am the mayor,\" said Prabhu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "pernem", "code": "12191679", "title": "Pernem in midst of 9-day revelry", "text": "PERNEM: The nine-day celebration of the folk festival of Shigmo is under way with great pomp in Goa's northernmost taluka, Pernem.On Thursday, the fifth day of celebrations, most parts of the taluka burst into colour as revelers indulged in rangpanchami or Holi. The eighth day, Sunday, will see Mandrem, Paliem, Dhargalim and Pernem indulge in rombat, processions of folk dances. Ghodemodni, a folk dance and an intrinsic part of Shigmo, has ensured crowds flocked to Morjim village. Here, artistes in colorful outfits dance holding bedecked horses (ghode) and sing folk songs that are invocations to various folk deities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12190156", "title": "AG kept HC in the dark: Israeli writer", "text": "KOCHI: British-born Israeli writer Susan Nathan has informed the high court that the advocate general did not disclose before the court that an FIR was registered against her by Nadakkavu police even as an appeal challenging the deportation order is pending before the court.In an application requesting re-opening of her appeal reserved for judgment, Susan Nathan says, \"The above FIR (filed by Nadakkavu police) was registered on February 27 ... but I understand from my counsel that the advocate general did not disclose this information before this court when the writ appeal was heard on March 2.\"The writer's counsel Majeri Sunder Raj told TOI that she has filed complaints to the chief minister and the DGP that neither the government nor the police was opposed to her. But she is being persecuted by officials of the special branch wing of police.Challenging the criminal case filed by Nadakkavu police before a magistrate court at Kozhikode, the writer had informed that she has been placed under house-arrest. She sought an order to produce her before the court to answer the criminal charge leveled against her for violating visa norms.When the appeal against deportation order was taken up on March 2, the writer who achieved fame through her book The Other Side of Israel had informed the high court that she is in India despite her visa getting expiring as she wants to be in a war-free zone in the last years of her life.Susan, who migrated to Israel from England in 1999,had later highlighted the neglect and oppression faced by Israel's Arab population through her writings.The district administration of Kozhikode ordered for her deportation after a translation of her book by Other Books turned controversial. The order was based on an intelligence report that she was in touch with Muslim extremist outfits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12194695", "title": "Bisket Srikant &amp; Atin Agarwal's big fat Holi do", "text": "Hyderabad's party people celebrated Holi as they smeared colors on one another, dunked each other in a pool of colored water and made merry.Hosted by Bisket Srikant and Atin Agarwal, this big fat Holi do held at a city star hotel, saw maximum attendance by the P3 crowd. Revelers played Holi with abandon and the organic colors used just added to the fun. With DJs Shashank and Abhishek behind the console, revelers couldn't help but hit the dance floor with a vengeance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195614", "title": "Sridevi ditches Dubai", "text": "Sridevi gave her appearance at the Dubai launch of Sultanat, an Indo-Pak crossover television serial a miss.The actress was scheduled to attend the event last week, but backed out citing health issues. Local media waited for her to arrive for the event but were told at the last minute she wouldn't be attending. Sri was to be the main attraction at the event, and fans were dissapointed that they couldn't get a glimpse of their favourite actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12196752", "title": "Farmers' organizations and NGOs to stage demonstration in front of Parliament", "text": "AMRITSAR: Sexagenarian Ajit Singh, a small time farmer, is worried about the hefty expenses on his son's marriageThe likes of Ajit Singh blame government for withdrawing supply of most of the essential commodities including sugar, soap, tea leaves, clothes etc. made under Public Distribution System (PDS) through ration depots.Talking to TOI on Friday Ajit Singh, resident of Dharpai village, said he remembers how his father's friends and relatives pooled in their ration cards and purchased one quintal of sugar at Rs 1 per kilogram as against a market price of around Rs 3.50 during his marriage for make sweets including shakarpara, jalebi, laddo etc during his marriage .\"But now neither sugar is available at ration depots nor other essential commodities like soap, clothe, tea leaves etc\" he said.Similar is the case of Dalip Singh, resident of Mahal village. \"Instead of providing more facilities government has even withdrawn the existing facilities\" he said.Economic advisor to Jamhauri Kissan Sabha - Raj Balbir Singh said functions like marriages, birth ay parties , religious functions or even cremations cost dear these days and spoil the budget of poor farmers .\"There is a need to impress upon government to resume supply of essential commodities through ration depots \" he said.Vice president of Border Area Sangarash Committee, Rattan Singh Randhawa said that representatives of about one dozen organizations have decided to take up the issue of resumption of supply of essential commodities through ration depots and would stage demonstration in front of Parliament house on March 19.President Jamhuri Kissan Sabha - Dr Satnam Singh Ajnala said besides PDS issue they were also against national river linking project.\"Not only the areas around rivers and canals will become less fertile but a large number of people would be displaced for digging canals \" he said.\"Punjab was already short of water due to which farmers had to depend on underground water which had already led to depleting underground water levels due to sustained groundwater pumping,\" he added.Besides these two issues. he said the agitating organizations would also take up the issue of giving inconvenience allowance of Rs 25000 per acre to the farmers having their cultivable land beyond border fence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12190759", "title": "Five of family held for selling temple property", "text": "CHENNAI: Five members of a family, including three women, were arrested on Thursday for preparing fake documents to grab a building in Chennai's Kothwalchavadi area that belongs to a Tiruttani temple and selling it to an Andhra Pradesh-based businessman. The arrested were later remanded in judicial custody.The incident came to light when authorities of the Subramania Swamy temple went to collect rent from tenants in the 2,520 sq ft building on Arumugam Street and were threatened by twins Nethaji and Nehruji, who claimed they owned it along with their three sisters as per the settlement deed and that they had sold it to a man named Tarakam for 32 lakh in October 2011. Based on a complaint from Subramania Swamy temple trustee Tirumurthi, CCB sleuths registered a case and arrested the twins and their sisters Chandrakala, Sasikala and Premalatha.Police said that in December 2011, a man named Ramanan filed a case claiming to be the original heir for the Arumugam Street property. Based on his complaint, police registered a case against Nehruji and Tarakam who got anticipatory bail from the Madras high court. Police suspect Ramanan's role in filing the complaint, saying, \"Nehruji may have decided to involve a third person in the property dispute so that others would not be interested in the property.\"Based on the investigation, police said, Pavazha Kalyanasundara Mudaliar, a relative of Nehruji, owned several properties in and around Chennai. In 1838, his daughter-in-law Ammani Ammal gifted the Arumugam Street property to the trust managing the Subramania Swami temple, mentioning in the gift deed that the money collected as rent be used for special pujas at the temple.Sources said Nehruji's mother Varalakshmi Ammal had earlier approached court seeking to take over some of Pavazha Kalyanasundara Mudaliar's properties and got nine acres of land near Perambur and 5.5 acres of property at Kolathur from the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments (HR&CE;) department.Encouraged by this, Nehruji and his siblings planned to grab the property using forged documents, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12192348", "title": "Additional Rs 1cr for secret police fund", "text": "MUMBAI: The home department on Wednesday sanctioned an additional Rs 1 crore from the contingency fund for the secret fund at the disposal of the state director-general of police and Mumbai police commissioner.An order said Rs 75 lakh will be at the disposal of the DGP, while the commissioner will get Rs 25 lakh. \"It is for the first time that the money has been drawn from the contingency fund, which is by and large utilized for natural calamities or activities of urgent nature. We are surprised,\" a senior home department official said.The official said a secret fund was sanctioned for 2011-12, but it appears that the amount has been exhausted.The secret fund is generally used to pay informers and for confidential information during elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "12191621", "title": "Excise officials kept liquor mafia on a high", "text": "GUNTUR: The Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) probe into the liquor syndicate scam has led to some startling revelations. Now, it is learnt that the state exchequer lost nearly Rs 100 crore in revenue from the Guntur and Tenali divisions where liquor contractors operate with the blessings of top politicians and ministers.Although minister Mopidevi Venkataramana was not in charge of the excise portfolio when auctions were held in 2010, he wielded supreme power in the Tenali division.The ACB has found that the revenue from the tender-cum-auction in the Tenali division was almost Rs 100 crore less than that fetched in the Narasaraopet division. While the excise department raked in Rs 232 crore in Narasaraopet, Tenali yielded a mere Rs 140 crore. The Guntur division yielded Rs 141.85 crore at the auctions.The searches have thrown up crucial information about how some shops were undervalued in the two divisions. Lowest bids of Rs 30 lakh were quoted for shops in Nizampatnam, the mandal from where Mopidevi hails, while shops in Tenali fetched around Rs 1 crore. \"Initial enquiries show that family members or followers of a key minister hold a major share in six to eight shops in Tenali. We have asked local officials for more information,\" an ACB official told TOI.The raids in Khammam district exposed cases of senior excise officials tampering with records to favour a few select traders. As per the tender rules for the 2010 auctions, no licence would be granted to the second-highest bidder even if the first one withdrew from the auction.However, officials in Khammam awarded contracts to the second-highest bidders by forfeiting the highest bidder's earnest money deposit. For instance, an applicant files a bid for Rs 1.8 crore for a shop while the second-highest bidder quotes Rs 1 crore.Given that the difference between the two bids is substantial, the second-highest bidder strikes a deal with the highest bidder and convinces the latter to drop out of the auction. This would result in a loss of around Rs 5-10 lakh of the earnest money deposit. As per the rule, however, officials should collect Rs 80 lakh (the difference amount) from the highest bidder or the two sureties provided by the person before granting the licence to the second bidder. But it was found that these rules were not adhered to.In other districts, excise officials helped members of cartels in order that they may quote a lower price, as was the case in Tenali. \"Revenues from these auctions went through the roof in 2010 yet no senior official tried to verify the data thus giving a free hand to district bosses to flout norms,\" an official said. Collectors are the licensing authorities for liquor shops in districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "seerkazhi (tn)", "code": "12193921", "title": "42-year-old man, daughter to appear for exam together", "text": "SEERKAZHI (TN): Taught by his teenaged daughter, a 42-year-old man is appearing for 10+2 examination at nearby Vettangudi along with her, hoping to further his education and come up in life.Marimuthu, who went to the Lord Ganesha temple with his hall ticket and writing instruments along with his 17-year-old daughter to pray for success, said none should stop their studies and drop out of school. \"One can come up in life only through education,\" he said.He said he had written his 10th standard examination with his daughter and cleared it in 2010.He wrote his first examination(Tamil Paper) at St.Pauls School at Mayiladuthurai, while his daughter wrote the examination in this town, Marimuthu said.Giving his daughter credit for teaching him, he said he had taken History group and had been working hard since 2010 to clear the plus two examination as a private candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "bindol (north dinajpur)", "code": "12192374", "title": "People sell kidneys to beat starvation in West Bengal village", "text": "BINDOL (NORTH DINAJPUR): In these arid, impoverished parts, Bindol has another name - kidney village. The wasted, skeletal men and women you would see slumped under the shade of trees are awaiting death with feeble breaths. This is the kidney sale capital of the state, perhaps of the country. Every second home here has someone who has sold his kidney to escape starvation. Many die within years.Now, the dying men have started forcing their wives to give up a kidney.Bindol's infamy has spread by word of mouth. Dusty tracks trail of the eastern highway to Bangladesh to take you to this village, barely 35km from the district headquarters of Raiganj. The greenery of Dinajpur changes into an arid landscape. Here and there in the dry, sandy waste there are patches of green maize plants. No trace of paddy or wheat. The villagers, mostly tribals, lie dozing off the effects of homemade liquor.But the name of Razzak perks them up. They lead you to his mansion in the Bajbindol area stands in sharp contrast to the hapless backdrop. Razzak is the 'dalal' (agent) you meet if you are desperate for a kidney. The price: Rs 3-4 lakh. Razzak has no problem finding donors. The villagers know they may be signing their death warrant if they accept Razzak's offer, but the payout - Rs 60,000 to Rs 1 lakh - is impossible to ignore.Lakshmiram Hansda sold his kidney - and his life - for Rs 80,000. On Wednesday, TOI saw him lying under a tree near his hut, gaunt, emaciated and hapless. He says he is 35 but looks 60. With no land of his own and a wife and daughter to feed, Lakshmiram had gone to Mumbai to work as labourer in 2000, like hundreds of local youths. But it brought him little money. When someone offered Rs 80,000 for a kidney, it seemed like a good deal.The money kept the family fed for only a few months. Soon after the surgery, Lakshmiram lost his strength to work. His starving wife and daughter deserted him. He now lives on an NGO's mercy, and is counting his days.Not far from where Hansda lies, a group sits having drinks in a hut. Munshi Tudu, Jogen Hansda, Chhoto Murmu and Lapong Soren - all in thirties - are happy as only drunken men can be. They all survive on one kidney. Two years ago, Lapong had been to Kolkata where he had his kidney removed for Rs 1 lakh. What did he do with the money? \"Bought a motorcycle, gave a part to my wife and... don't know what I did with the rest,\" he was not interested in recalling any more. They drink to forget that they don't have a future.The scourge has spread to nearby villages like Jalipara and Balia. Thirty-two-year-old Dulal Jali of Jalipara narrates his story, \"It's next to impossible for a fisherman to make ends meet. So I accepted the offer of Kuddus (another agent) of Rs 1 lakh for a kidney. It was about four years ago. I got operated in Kolkata.\" Now with weakness a part of life, Dulal suffers along with his wife and daughter. \"I cannot stay under the sun for long, I can hardly catch fish.\"There are those who complain that they were paid too little. Jatin Jali, who went with Razzak in 1998, still rues that he got only Rs 30,000.In the last couple of years, the tragedy has taken an ominous turn with the men forcing their wives to sell their kidneys. Astomi Malakar, who was married to Dilip Burman four years back when still in her teens, says: \"My husband took me to Kolkata with another person two years ago. I already had a child by then. I was admitted to a hospital. I don't know what happened there but I have a surgery scar in my back.\"The Sripur Mahila O Khadi Unnayan Samity, an NGO, has been working with the victims but it's tough to create awareness when the villagers are willing to take the risk. \"Every year these rural folk are forced to migrate to cities to feed their family. They often find themselves in the clutches of the beasts that run the racket.\" There have been cases when an unwilling victim was doped and operated upon and not paid a paisa.Bhattacharya said that they have repeatedly complained to police about agents like Razzak and Kuddus. \"Razzak was arrested two years back but released in a few months. None dared to speak against him,\" said a local.The terrifying truth is that the hapless villagers see the Razzaks as messiahs. Thus, Anita Jali, a homemaker in Jalipara, finds nothing wrong in haggling for a better price. \"We are three of us - me, my husband and father-in-law. They offered us Rs 6 lakh, but we demanded at least Rs 8 lakh,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12201824", "title": "Fight for next Manipur CM at Delhi door", "text": "IMPHAL: The fight for Congress Legislature Party (CLP) leadership of Manipur has reached New Delhi with state PCC president Gaikhangam airdashing to the national capital on Thursday to meet AICC leaders.Earlier on Wednesday, the newly elected CLP met in Imphal and passed a one-line resolution authorizing the party high command to select the new leader.Congress sources on Friday said though Gaikhangam is also contender for the post, the party high command does not want to rock the boat in Manipur by removing incumbent chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh as the state has become the party's only face saver in the recent assembly elections.Though Ibobi was supposed to visit New Delhi on Thursday, he cancelled his trip in the last minute. His loyalists say the CM may also visit Delhi soon. The current assembly expires on March 15 and the new government has to be formed before that. \"Things will be clear in a couple of days,\" said a senior minister. With the Holi, called Yaosang in Manipur, to continue for five days in Manipur, the new ministry can only be sworn in at the earliest on Tuesday. Even local newspapers here are closed for five days.\"Ibobi is the captain of the ship and he led Congress to achieve a historic feat in the elections by winning 42 out of the 60 seats. We have to give credit to him for this huge success and the first round has to be his,\" said a Congress source.He added that whether a second round of battle will be allowed or not depends on how Ibobi manages the aspirations of the 42 MLAs who represent all communities and districts of the state. Gaikhangam loyalists said they are pressing for a change in leadership. PCC chief and industries minister Y Erabot Singh have joind hands in the current leadership tussle.Ibobi loyalists, however, said their mentor is all set to become the new CM. \"Whether one likes it or not, it is he who brought success for the Congress. The high command knew this very well,\" said an MLA loyal to the incumbent CM.According to him, the high command is trying to convince the PCC chief to withdraw from the leadership race. Sources said Gaikhangam has even been offered deputy chief minister's post in a bid to buy peace. But this formula has been objected by the Kuki lobby as Gaikhangam is a Naga.Of the Congress's 42 MLAs, 28 are from the valley and 14 from the hills. Of the 14 hill MLAs, six are Nagas while eight are non-Nagas, including Kukis and Paites. Of the 28 valley MLAs, three are Muslims and two women.Sources said Gaikhangam's lobby will demand its pound of flesh if the leadership goes to Ibobi. This will further complicate power equations in the new government.There are different lobbies working on different agendas. A group of MLAs are lobbying for the rotation of ministers. They are demanding that except for CM, the other 11 ministers in the last government should be removed and replace with those who had earlier missed the bus.Many Congress heavyweights rejected this demand saying, \"Can a ministry be run without any experienced hands?\" They argued that revenue minister Th Debendra Singh is the seniormost Congress leader no chief minister can afford to drop. \"He is the most experienced leader who is required to deal with serious issues of Manipur,\" they said.The districts' lobbies are demanding representation of all districts and Sadar Hills in the ministry. With the state can only have 12 berths in the ministry including the CM, it now becomes a Herculean task. Manipur has nine districts and along with the Sadar Hills area, the number reached 10. The CM then is left with only one berth to choose either from women or Muslim MLAs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "director", "code": "12196511", "title": "Chaar Din Ki Chandni: Movie Review", "text": "Director: Samir Karnik Cast: Tusshar Kapoor, Kulraj Randhawa, Anupam Kher, Om PuriChaar Din Ki Chandni is a comeback film of sorts. It marks the comeback of names like Anita Raj, Chandrachur Singh and Harish. Huh! Also it's the return of Yamla Pagla Deewana director Samir Karnik in familiar and familial North Indian territory. Plus it's the close comeback of the eternal Bollywood setting of an extended joint family in a marriage backdrop.The story falls in pretty conventional zone where Veer (Tusshar Kapoor) gets his girlfriend Chandni (Kulraj Randhawa) home during an impending family wedding. Apprehensive that his Rajasthan Royal father (Anupam Kher) won't approve of the Punjabi kudi, he merely introduces her as a journalist friend. Her parents (Om Puri, Farida Jalal) are forced to pose as marriage decorators. Evidently what follows is a comedy of errors.There is an overflow of the usual-suspect characters from a spying mamaji, a gay wedding planner, a battalion of Sardars to three brothers of Veer who fall for Chandni. And by the time Puppy Sardar (Tusshar Kapoor again as a Sardar) comes into plot, you realize that the film is more or less a watered-down version of Yamla Pagla Deewana .The good part however is that director Samir Karnik doesn't waste the entire first half in establishing the love story between the lead pair (like in Yamla Pagla Deewana ). Mercifully, much of the unneeded exercise is cut short with the couple already being in love. Chandni's charm takes center-stage in the first half while Puppy Singh's farce takes over the second half. Thankfully the marriage setting isn't blown out of proportion and remains only as the backdrop.But the film turns frail particularly in the department that you expect it to excel. Being a comedy, the humour should have been the highpoint though it ranges from silly to stupid ones. Though not downright slapstick, the gags could have been more original. Some jokes are stretched beyond their expiry date while others are plain unexciting. The laughs induced are more due to the energy of actors than the film's sense of humour. Also the Tom and Jerry kinda action finale was pretty-much avoidable.Kulraj Randhawa reminds of Preity Zinta with her dimpled smile and has a natural charm. Tusshar Kapoor lacks screen presence in first half but gains precedence in the second. But beyond the lead pair, the film clicks for its multitude of character artists. Anupam Kher and Om Puri are in their elements and induce the maximum laughs. For a change, Sushant Singh is seen in a lighter role and plays his part well. Mukul Dev is fairly good. Chandrachur Singh doesn't have to do much as the drunkard. Harish is wasted. Johnny Lever is in his elements. Rahul Singh as the broken-ribbed spy is rib-tickling.Chaar Din Ki Chandni is an adage that implies momentary delight. That's precisely what the film is about. Short-lived entertainment!Verdict: Average", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12197575", "title": "Mayawati's officials out to taint Samajwadi Party's image, Akhilesh says", "text": "LUCKNOW: In the backdrop of incidents of violence allegedly involving Samajwadi Party supporters, party leader Akhilesh Yadav today that there is an attempt to defame SP by creating law and order problem after its massive victory and promised to take strict action against all those involved.\"No one from the Samajwadi Party (SP) is involved in these incidents.... You can get it verified from your own sources as well... but if anyone from the party is found involved, stern action would be taken against them, however strong they might be,\" Akhilesh Yadav told reporters here.Blaming officers for these incidents, Akhilesh said that as they know they would be removed after the formation of the SP government, they were not taking interest in maintaining law and order.\"Law should take its own course....The party will not be defending anyone involved in violent incidents.... We will also not hesitate to expel party workers involved in such incidents if they are found guilty,\" he said.The SP was routed in the 2007 assembly elections amid allegations of spurt in crime and its 'gooda raj' image.Akhilesh said that the incidents could be the handiwork of the frustrated elements who have faced defeat in these elections.A BSP worker and former village head was lynched in Agra while two houses were set ablaze in a clash between two communities in Sitapur.In Jhansi, supporters of SP clashed with some TV cameramen during which some of their equipments were broken.A youth died of bullet injuries during a clash between supporters of a defeated SP candidate and police in Firozabad.About Jhansi incident, Akhilesh it was clash of two groups while Firozabad incident was fallout of misformation that spread regarding victory of SP candidate, who actually lost.The party will be strictly dealing with such activities, he said.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12196400", "title": "Increase health care allocation to 2.5% of GDP: Dr Reddy's", "text": "HYDERABAD: At least 2.5 per cent of the country's GDP in the forthcoming budget should be allocated on improving health care, says Dr Reddy's Laboratories, India's second largest drug maker.\"Time has now come to incentivise and encourage the penetration of health care reach and delivery in India.\"A good way to start would be to signal an increased allocation approaching 2.5 per cent of GDP as spending on health care with a more favourable policy environment,\" Dr Reddy's CFO Umang Vohra said.According to him, any improvement in spending over the historical average of 2 per cent of GDP on health care will draw huge appreciation from all stakeholders.The long term effects of this will be very profound on all the key indicators of health such as quality of health, diagnosis and treatment of disease incidence, he added.On the expectations from pharma industry, Vohra said the different tax structures such as 5 per cent for formulations and 10 per cent for active pharma ingredients should be normalised so that the cash conversion cycle improves for most players.\"Another wish would be to have increased clarity around provisions that relate to weighted tax deduction on account of research and development and whether the existing deduction is availed in full due to existing MAT provisions,\" he added.Vohra said he hoped that the finance minster would consider the long pending demand to consider infrastructure for health care industry this year.The status would help push investments and allow participation from the private sector, he said.Budget News 2012Pre Budget 2012Rail Budget 2012Budget 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "thiruvanthapuram", "code": "12201793", "title": "Tough choice for Kanippayyur", "text": "THIRUVANTHAPURAM: Renowned Vasthu Sastra expert Kanippayyur Krishnan Nambudiripad who has been entrusted with determining the auspicious positioning of the vault inside the Sree Padmanabhaswamy temple will present his three choices for building the vault and its tentative measurements to the expert committee on Saturday. But he has not got much to work with.\"Nobody has told me how many materials the vault will contain. Only if I know the capacity of the vault will I be able to pick an auspicious measurement. Neither the RBI nor the temple nambis who have gone inside the vaults have an idea. It seems that a person can only bend and stand inside one of these vaults so its dimensions are still unknown. Of course I can take a guess from the outside but that is all I have got to work with,\" said Kanippayyur Krishnan Nambudiripad.The vault is likely to be positioned in the south or south-west corner of the temple which means the door or the vault should open towards north or south west if it is in an exact corner according to Vasthu Sastra.Recently, the RBI had presented its options for a bomb-proof, fire resistant AA++ grade vault amounting to Rs 50 lakhs in front of the Supreme Court.But both government and temple authorities told the SC that they would not be able to afford it.The SC has asked the RBI to come back with an informed plan regarding the vault, which will be presented during the next hearing on March 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12196346", "title": "Bombay high court grants bail to actor John Abraham", "text": "MUMBAI: In a relief to John Abraham , Bombay high court today granted the Bollywood actor bail, hours after he was taken into police custody when a sessions court dismissed his plea against the 15-day imprisonment awarded to him in a 2006 rash driving case.Earlier, the actor has been taken into custody after his bail plea was rejected by a local court on Friday in a 2006 rash driving case.On October 14, 2010, the Metropolitan Magistrate Court at Bandra convicted John for the rash driving incident in which two persons were injured, and sentenced him to a 15-day jail term. He was granted bail the same day.A fortnight later, the model-actor filed an appeal in the Sessions Court against the conviction. His appeal stated that \"judge has misconstrued and has, without applying the principles relating to the acts of rashness and criminal negligence, convicted the applicant (John)\".The incident dates back to April 8, 2006, when Abraham allegedly rammed his Yamaha Hayabusa bike into a bicycle, injuring two youngsters - Shyam Kasbe (22) and Tanmay Majhi (19) - on Carter Road in suburban Bandra.According to police, the actor was returning from Maureen Wadia's Gladrags show while both the youngsters were returning after closing their shop.The police later booked him under IPC Sections 279 (rash driving or riding on a public way) and 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others).According to John's application, even the victims \"had not made out a case of either criminal negligence or rashness\" against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12200151", "title": "Jat agitation rocks Haryana assembly", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Around two dozen opposition MLAs were removed from the Haryana assembly forcefully on Friday after noisy scenes on matter pertaining to the killing of a youth allegedly in `police firing'during the ongoing Jat agitation.Fire brand BJP leader Anil Vij, who wanted a debate on Jat agitation through his calling attention motion, resisted for almost five minutes before the marashals ultimately took away him to leave the house. When the marshals were trying to take him out, INLD MLAs led by former chief minister Om Parkash Chautala's elder son, Ajay Singh Chautala came to rescue him. Though, objecting on the conduct of Ajay Singh, parliamentary affairs minister, Randeep Singh Surjewala demanded action against those MLAs, who were trying to intervene in the action of marshals.Both sides, opposition as well ruling Congress MLAs, started raising slogans. Holding the government responsible for the problem, INLD and BJP MLAs were raising the slogans like \"Lathi Goli ki Sarkar Nahi Chalegi (Dictatorial government won't be allowed to run)\". However, holding that INLD responsible for provoking castists sentiments, Congress MLAs started raising slogans like \"Bhai Chara Bana Rahega ( Brotherhood would be maintained)\"After the ruckus of ten minutes, speaker Kuldeep Sharma stood to say that he would not be a spectator. Then, he started naming the INLD MLAs including younger son of Om Parkash Chautala's Abhay Singh Chautala to be removed from the assembly.Meanwhile, a minister Satpal Sangwan alleged that an opposition leaded has telephoned the relatives of the deceased youth ( Sandeep), not to remove his body from the railway track, till he doesn't ask them to do so. On this, Congress MLAs started saying \"shame-shame\". Later, Sangwan alleged that Ajay Singh Chautala has slowly challenged him to \"do whatever they want\" admitting that \"he (Ajay) had phoned (to the relatives)\". Two Congress MLAs Sampat Singh and Anand Singh Dangi corroborated the allegation of Sangwan. However, Ajay Singh repeatedly termed the allegations baseless offering to set up a committee to probe the allegations. After the heated debate of one and half hour, remaining MLAs led by Ajay Singh Chautala also walked out from the assembly after the Vidhan Sabha passed a resolution moved by Surjewala against Chautala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "bahraich ", "code": "12200901", "title": "6-year-old raped and killed", "text": "BAHRAICH : A six-year-old girl was raped and killed in Semgarah village in Ikauna area of Shravasti district, police said here today.The minor girl was raped and murdered allegedly by one Chhotkau (27) yesterday, they said.On complaint of the victim's father Hariram, an FIR has been registered against the accused.No arrest has been made so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12191220", "title": "Veteran journalist P Krishnaswamy passes away", "text": "MADURAI: P Krishnaswamy (79), chief sub-editor at The New Indian Express, Madurai passed away at a city hospital on Thursday evening after a prolonged illness.Krishnaswamy suffered a cardiac arrest on Wednesday and was undergoing treatment in a city hospital. Krishnaswamy, in his six decades of journalism , travelled all over the world and worked in London, Tel Aviv and Berlin as a journalist, besides editing a Sri Lankan newspaper. As the senior most journalist in Madurai, Krishnaswamy was a leading light for budding journalists.Krishnaswamy had several milestones in his illustrious career and has interviewed several leaders who made history including former president of India Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan. Krishnswamy has also penned an official biography of former Chief Justice of India V R Krishna Iyer.Both his daughters Padmini Sivarajah in Madurai and Priya Bala, based in Bangalore are also journalists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "in bollywood", "code": "12194708", "title": "Holi songs fail to find cult status", "text": "In Bollywood: \"Rang Barse\", \"Holi ke din\", \"Ang se ang lagana sajan\", \"Aaj na chodenge bas humjoli khelenge hum holi\". In Tollywood: \"Khelbo holi rang debona\".While Bollywood has churned out iconic Holi songs by the dozen, Tollywood has not really managed to splash some colour on and weave the Holi revelry into some great numbers. Yes, there are exceptions - \"E keora\" from \"Refugee\", \"Koli kaler\" from \"Protibad\" and the more recent \"Tumse pyar hai already\" from \"100% Love\" - but those have remained precisely that. Exceptions.Director Shiboprasad Mukherjee, for one, had used \"Jatoi melo dana\" for a Holi sequence in \"Hello Memsaheb\". He says, \"For Bengalis, it's all about Dol and Santiniketan. It would seem slightly out of place to create a similar ambience in commercial films. The naach gaana, masti and madness are somehow more apt for a Hindi masala movie,\" he reasons.Such scene make sense only when they're integral to the plot, feel filmmakers. \"I had a similar sequence in \"Tumse pyar hai already\" because it was linked to the storyline,\" says director Ravi Kinagi. Filmmaker Raj Chakrabarty agrees. \"You can't have a Holi sequence for the heck of it. I did not have a song on Holi but I did have such a sequence that carried the story forward in \"Ley Chakka\",\" he explains.\"I think Tollywood is yet to open up to this idea of incorporating a Holi song in a film. They surely must try and do so,\" feels Koel, while Jeet is of the opinion that these kind of songs \"add great colour to a commercial film\".Why is it then that Holi sequences are so few and far between in Bengali films? Is budget a factor? \"Absolutely not,\" stresses producer Mahendra Soni. \"At a time when films are being shot in foreign locales, why should shooting a Holi song impose a budget constraint? Holi is more popular in north India than in West Bengal. Maybe that's why Hindi films cash in on such sequences,\" he says.Swastika Mukherjee had shot a Holi sequence for three days with Rachna Banerjee in \"Lakshyabhed\" and she feels that continuity can be a big problem. \"It's no mean feat to maintain continuity by having the colour patches on your face and body at exactly the same places every single day,\" she reasons.Himanshu Dhanuka, however, begs to differ. \"I don't think continuity and budget impose restrictions when it comes to canning Holi song sequences. The reason lies elsewhere. In Kolkata, Durga Puja and weddings are of greater importance and relevance in a film than Holi. Hence, more and more directors have marriage in the climax sequence.\"But things are definitely changing. \"Rajib's latest film with Prosenjit Chatterjee, \"Bikram Singha: The Lion is Back\" has a Holi number sung by Kumar Sanu and Alka Yagnik . The lyrics are \"Ek dui teen noye/Char panch chhoye noye/Saat panke bandha\",\" adds the producer.Will this turn out to be the Bengali \"Rang barse\"? Let's wait and watch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12192416", "title": "Income cap likely for medical, engineering scholarships", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government plans an income ceiling and other riders for eligibility to scholarships in engineering, medical and other higher education streams. Scholarships are offered to backward class students enrolled in such courses and there is no ceiling at present.A cabinet sub-committee recommended caps as the state absorbs an annual burden of Rs 1,700 crore. After studying models in other states, it recommended an income ceiling of Rs 2 lakh for students belonging to scheduled castes and scheduled tribes. The income referred to is the annual family income of a student. An income ceiling of Rs 1 lakh annually has been recommended for students for economically backward classes and other backward castes.The committee, headed by deputy CM Ajit Pawar, submitted its recommendations to the cabinet on Wednesday. There was opposition to the recommendation of ceiling slabs, following which indications are that they will be raised. Ministers representing backward classes from the Congress and NCP raised objections. The panel felt the benefit be limited to two kids per family. It recommended defining fixed slabs for maximum financial assistance in each stream (Rs 25,000: polytechnic, Rs 50,000: engineering and Rs 2 lakh: medical), which many ministers are opposed to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12190908", "title": "German call to revive train stations", "text": "CHENNAI: Noting that living conditions in the city would improve if optimal use is made of available space, Karl Pechatscheck, director, Goethe-Institut and Max Mueller Bhavan, on Thursday said MRTS stations could be put to better use.\"Spaces in MRTS stations should be used more efficiently. They are full of crowded passageways and serve as sleeping quarters for the night or a refuge for stray dogs,\" Pechatscheck said, in a speech at the inauguration of the symposium 'Human Space-Cultural Space: On Urban Ethics in Chennai Trade Centre'. He said the deserted train stations could come to life if they are used properly.The MRTS line has been focus of discussions held by the German Consulate and Max Mueller Bhavan after 'City Spaces' became the theme of Germany-related events in India.The symposium, which will continue over the next two days, is being organized jointly by Chennai City Connect, Max Mueller Bhavan and the School of Architecture and Planning, Anna University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12191963", "title": "Solar storm not as strong as feared", "text": "WASHINGTON: A solar storm of charged particles which erupted two days ago hit the Earth today but did not cause any of the geomagnetic disruptions that scientists feared.The storm, which scientists claimed to be the largest in five years, was triggered by a pair of solar flares early Tuesday and is growing like a giant soap bubble.\"The coronal mass ejection (CME) associated with the R3 (Strong) Radio Blackout event from 0024 UTC March 7 (7:24 p.m. EST March 6) arrived at ACE at 1045 GMT today (15:15 IST),\" National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) said.\"All told, it's not a terribly strong event,\" said physicist Joe Kunches of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA).The solar outburst struck Earth's magnetic field around 6:05 a.m ET, Kunches said, cutting some radio communications at the poles, but it didn't upset electronics and communications elsewhere.Earlier Kunches said, \"Space weather has gotten very interesting over the last 24 hours.\"\"This was quite the Super Tuesday -- you bet,\" Kunches was quoted as saying by SPACE.com.Several NASA spacecraft caught videos of the solar flare as it hurled a wave of solar plasma and charged particles, called a coronal mass ejection (CME), into space.Early predictions estimated that the CME will reach Earth at 5pm (India time) today, with the effects likely lasting for 24 hours, and possibly lingering into Friday, Kunches said.The solar eruptions occurred when the Sun let loose two huge X-class solar flares that ranked among the strongest type of Sun storms. And the biggest of those flares registered as an \"X5.4 class\" solar storm on the space weather scale and the CME from this flare is the one that could disrupt satellite operations, Kunches said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12195016", "title": "Boy succumbs to Holi colour poisoning in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: A 13-year-old boy died due to Holi colour poisoning while undergoing treatment at a hospital in suburban Ghatkopar here, civic officials said on Friday.Viky Walmiki, who suffered from colour poisoning during Holi celebrations in Dharavi area here, succumbed at the Rajawadi Hospital on Thursday night, they said.Nine other persons were also hospitalised at the same medical facility, after Holi took a toxic hue in parts of Mumbai and people developed allergic chemical reaction to colours on Thursday.Over 190 people, mostly children in the age group of 9-10 years, were also undergoing treatment at the Sion hospital, while 16 others were admitted to the Byculla railway hospital, officials said.Most of the revellers showed symptoms of giddiness and vomiting with some complaining of altered consciousness, they said.Police had registered a case of negligence against unknown persons and were in the process of identifying shops from where the spurious colours were purchased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12191264", "title": "City mayor, deputy set to lose posts", "text": "PANAJI: After losing the assembly polls, Panaji mayor Yatin Parekh and deputy mayor Rudresh Chodankar are likely to lose the top posts in the Corporation of the City of Panaji.Parekh's and Chodankar's tenures will end on March 20, when the councilors will elect new persons to the positions. As per the CCP Act, elections to the post of mayor and deputy mayor should be held annually.Neither is expected to be re-nominated. St Cruz MLA-elect Atanasio Monserrate, whose panel is in majority in the CCP has convened a meeting of councilors at his residence on Friday at 11am to discuss the mayoral election. The other group in the CCP, which owes allegiance to the BJP, is furious with Parekh for allegedly snatching a ID card from around the neck of councillor Vaidehi Naik on polling day.The group wants Parekh replaced, and have conveyed this to Panaji MLA-elect and chief minister-in-waiting Manohar Parrikar.Sources said Monserrate is also not keen on continuing with Parekh in the post. Monserrate had intended fielding Somnath Zuwarkar in Panaji, but was overruled by the Congress high command who opted for Parekh and forced Monserrate to support the mayor's candidature.BJP opposition leader in the CCP, Vaidehi Naik, has shown keen interest in becoming the mayor, sources said. Parrikar who was inclined to make Naik the mayor has, however, left the decision to Monserrate as the Taleigao MLA enjoys majority in the council. Whether Naik will be fielded by the BJP group is not yet clear.Sources said Monserrate has decided to bring back Tony Rodrigues as the mayor. It is not known who would be the candidate for deputy mayor. Rodrigues was the mayor a few years ago in the corporation's previous term.Interestingly, Rodrigues is also close to Parrikar. The choice of Rodrigues has tongues wagging in Panaji as it has led to speculation that Monserrate's relation with Parrikar is cordial.This points to some \"match fixing\" at the assembly elections, where Monserrate won in St Cruz constituency quite comfortably with a margin of over 2,000 votes and Parrikar by more than 6,000 in Panaji. Parrikar had always won by around 1500 votes or less from the state capital's constituency.While Parekh was a Congress candidate in Panaji, Chodankar had contested on the Nationalist Congress Party ticket from Mayem constituency.In the 30-member council, Monserrate's panel has 16 councillors, while the BJP backed councilors are 12. There are two independents-Surendra and Ruth Furtado-who are likely to an play important role in the new formation.Goa Elections 2012Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12201473", "title": "Myriad hues drench city on Holi", "text": "VARANASI: City celebrated the festival of colours with great zeal, enthusiasm and harmony on Thursday. While children in different parts of the city began playing with colours right from early morning, the entire city was painted in myriad hues by the afternoon. Colours of joy and fun smeared the entire region as people began smearing colourful gulal on each other's face. Children shouted with happiness while spraying wet colours from sprinklers, water guns and even water balloons on passers by.The traditional style of celebrating Holi that is playing colours and enjoying the home made delicacies, thandai, bhaang simultaneously dominated in most of the gullies, lanes and by lanes, residential areas, world famous ghats and even prominent cross roads of the city where people dressed in colourful attires wearing funny hair wigs and masks celebrated the festival.Holi revellers in the city formed small and large groups and played pranks with their neighbours, friends and relatives to finally colour them with gulal and water guns. While almost all crossroads were captured by Holi revellers and children who sprayed colours on passers by to get their attention, girls and women in most of the parts of the city, who also celebrated the festival with dry colours preferably herbal colours savoured the festivity forming their separate groups and preparing sweet delicacies at home.Though, Holi was celebrated on Thursday, the colours of the festival were visible in city since the past five days with the Rangbhari Ekadashi, when people played Holi with Lord Shiva and Goddess Parvati by spraying gulal on their palaki at Vishwanath Gullie area of the city.A number of foreign tourists, backpackers and even domestic tourists from South India and other parts of the country were also seen enjoying the festival with local natives of all age groups on ghats, amidst the crisp sound of dhol and nagada on Dasaswamedh Ghat a day before Holi.'Bhaang', which is considered an essential for the festival of Holi in Benaras, was highly consumed by the city. Considered as prasad of Lord Shiva (the presiding deity of Kashi), bhaang was consumed in different forms stuffed in burfi, thandai and many other eatables and many people were seen engaged in preparing the bhaan related stuffs in groups at many residential areas, gullies and ghats. People also thronged in different thandai shops in the market places to get their share of the drink reserved for the festivity.Celebration prolonged till Friday and after playing the Holi, people of all age groups were dressed in traditional outfits and exchanged good wishes by visiting friends, relatives and neigbours. Several organisations and youth clubs also organised programmes for 'Kavi Sammelan' and 'Holi Milan' celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12181340", "title": "She scavenges for a living, and then lets it all go to the dogs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Love breeds love, and some hostility - Pratima Devi has learnt this after caring for stray dogs outside the Anupam Shopping Complex in Saket for years. Shoppers and moviegoers alighting amid the pooches and poop on the cineplex parking dispatch unkind words her way, but the 56-year-old draws strength from the 75 pairs of loyal mutt eyes that follow her around.Devi, a scavenger with just a tarp covered shed to call home and an irregular income of around Rs 150 a day to live on, does a good job of feeding and grooming her pack.\"My dogs never bite. They have been sterilized and vaccinated by the MCD ,\" she claims. Two rupees a day is not much to bring up a pet on but all of her dogs get milk in the morning, and rice and fowl meat during the day. \"With contributions from animal lovers,\" Devi says, adding she herself lives on dal and rice. But such devotion to her canine \"children\" has taken a toll on her family life. Her three children, for whose sake she left her abusive husband and the village home in West Bengal 30 years ago, now live apart.\"My children do not want me to stay with them because of the dogs. And I cannot leave them.\" She has given up visiting her village for the same reason. \"They are my family and I want to be here with them.\"Devi has been through a lot in the city but her love for dogs has kept her from losing her moorings. \"I began life here as a housemaid. But the income was not enough, so I started a tea stall. It was pulled down by the civic agencies,\" she recalls. \"Even then, I used to feed strays. Gradually, their number has increased.\" When she won a Godfrey Phillips Bravery Award in 2009 for showing 'social courage', Devi already had 16 dogs in her care. Now, she seems to have her hands full but her heart has not run out of space.\"These dogs are my children. Even if I don't have enough food to eat, they will always be fed well.\" With contributions from helpful residents, Devi also keeps pups and ageing dogs sheltered in a wood-and-tin shed.If only she would find a way to keep the dogs and their filth out of visitors' way, Devi would not rouse the kind of ill will she does now. As Rajender Singh, a visitor from Malviya Nagar, told The Times Of India: \"I understand it is good work but they should be kept tied or away from the complex area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12191650", "title": "Usgao accident: Truck driver still at large", "text": "PONDA: Three days after the fatal accident at Usgao in Ponda taluka, the driver of the truck who dashed his vehicle against a bus killing three persons, is still at large.The accident that had killed three persons, including a 15-year-old school girl, took place on Monday afternoon.The unidentified truck driver, who fled from the scene and is still absconding, had rammed against the school bus killing the driver of the bus Ganesh Prabhu, 40, a resident of Barazan Usgao, cleaner of the bus Sagar Subhash Gosavi, 34, a resident of Gosaviwada Usgao and Priyanka Ramnath Gaude, 15, a class X student of Sarvodaya high school, Usgao.Saying that the driver could be either from Bihar or Jharkhand, Ponda police said a police team headed by an assistant police sub-inspector (ASI) will be sent to his native place to nab the driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12191550", "title": "Names of city localities hark back to a forgotten era", "text": "HYDERABAD: Names of places often stand testimony to men and events from the past. And in a 400-year-old city like Hyderabad, where history flows through the lanes, drips from the rooftops and seeps out of the buildings, it is only expected that the names of its areas have stories to offer. While most of Hyderabad's history has been razed to the ground today, the last remnants of the opulence and splendour of the city of nawabs and Nizams continue to remain contained within the names of some of the city's old areas.Nampally, for instance, derives its name from a Persian diwan of Hyderabad during the Qutub Shahi period, who was given the title Nekh-Nam-Khan. After his death in 1672, a village was named Nekh-Nam-Khanpally after him which has now become Nampally, points out Raza Ali Khan, in his book 'Hyderabad, 400 Years.'Often there is more than one history on offer for certain places. To wit, the origin of Abids is traced by Narendra Luther in his blog to \"Albert Abid... a Jew and a valet of Mir Mehboob Ali Khan, the sixth Nizam of Hyderabad (b:1866, d: 911). In course of time, he became quite rich and so he set up a shop where Palace Talkies ( presently Big Bazaar) and Bank of Baroda are located. He called it Abid &amp; Company.\" It was from this shop that the whole locality derived its name, Luther writes. Alternatively, there is another version of an American Jewish gentleman called Abid Evans, after whose shop the area got its name.Similar is the case with Laad Bazaar. Historians have various versions about it. While one theory is that it is a corrupted version of 'Lary' from Abdur Razzack Lary, the general who valiantly defended Golconda on the eve of the Mughal invasion, another points to a much more recent period. \"In 1884, the then viceroy Lord Ripon visited the Chowmahalla Palace with his wife. Shops were set up across the street to impress the First Lady. These shops came to be collectively known as Lord Bazaar, from which the name Laad Bazaar is derived from,\" narrates academician and social activist Anand Raj Verma, who has done extensive work on the history of the names of localities in Hyderabad.The original source is tough to trace as the names are often corrupted completely due to influence of local dialects or historical developments, he says.The result is both sad and funny. Bibi ka Chashma located in the vicinity of Falaknuma Palace, does not mean 'wife's spectacles'. Here Bibi refers to Hayat Bakshi Begum, daughter of Quli Qutub Shah and 'chashma' in Urdu is a perennial water stream. Although the stream has ceased to exist, the place neither has anything to do with anybody's wife or her specs. Similarly, Mehbub Ki Mehendi does not derive its name from any courtesan. Instead it gets its name from Mehbub Subhani Chhila, a place of worship in that area, says Verma.Colours, fruits and animals too figure in names of areas. Speaking of colours, there are Laltekdi, Laldarwaza, Kali Qabr, Kala Pathhar, Haribowli, Harimasjid among others. Jambagh, Sitaphalmandi, Imlibun and Keoraban are the fruity ones while animal names are appended in areas such as Mitti Ka Sher (tiger), Ghode Ke Qabr (horse), Feelkhana (elephant), Untwadi (camel), Domalguda (mosquito), Magar Ki Baoli (crocodile) and Myakalbanda (goats). Verma says that like every other city, even Hyderabad had pockets traditionally inhabited by people of a certain occupation. Topping the list are Bhaiderwadi (coconutsellers), Bhalderwadi (carrier of spears), Kumharwadi (earthern pot makers) and Kacheguda (fishermen).It was not just the rich and famous who had places named after them. Kadve Saheb Ki Galli, for instance, is named after an angry-faced person who always talked ill of others. Or for that matter Malakpet, named after Malik Yakoob, a servant of Abdulah Qutub Shah, Golconda king, who resided in the place which once had a market, hence the name Malakpet. Also, AC Guards colony near Masab Tank is named after the Abyssinia guards of the Nizam's troupe.The street names reflect the contribution of many personalities to the betterment of the city. These places are memorabilia of departed souls, memorable events, incidents and anecdotes. The places might change, might disappear with the turn of tide but their names shall remain etched in the minds of asal Hyderabadis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12202154", "title": "24 exotic pigeons stolen from Sayajibaug zoo", "text": "VADODARA: As many as 24 pigeons were stolen from Sayajibaug zoo on Friday night by unidentified persons. The incident took place in the birds enclosure where several varieties of exotic avian species are kept.According to zoo officials, the incident took place sometime around 10 pm. Officials said security guards had even spotted some persons jumping off the zoo compound wall and run away.In charge zoo curator C B Patel said the miscreants stole pigeons of the Pouter, Jacobian and Fantail variety from the zoo. \"The guards saw two or three men jumping out of the zoo. They tried to chase them, but the miscreants escaped,\" he said.Sources said the locks of the enclosure were broken open by the thieves to steal the birds. It is for the first time in the recent past when such an incident has come to light. The security, however, has been questioned earlier, too, when a youth's hand was bitten by a lion.Patel said after the theft, a notice was issued to the security in charge at the zoo seeking an explanation regarding the incident. Sources said the manner in which the theft was conducted indicated that those involved knew the enclosure very well or had done a thorough survey as they targeted only pigeons and no other birds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195522", "title": "I do not have any intimate scene with Karisma: Rajniesh", "text": "This model-turned-actor couldn't have had a better start this year. Rajniesh has already wrapped up the shoot for Dangerous Ishq, in which he plays the lead opposite none other than Karisma Kapur and is all excited about the film.He says, \"I have four different looks in the film, as the story revolves around four different stages of my character's life.\" So how was it working with Karisma, who has in her kitty many years of film experience? \"Not only Karisma, all the other actors on the set were far more experienced than me. Nevertheless, it was a great opportunity to work with her, since I grew up watching her films,\" says Rajniesh.Is it true that the couple was not comfortable shooting for some of the intimate scenes in the film? \"In fact, there are no intimate scenes in the film as reported, at least not with me. So it's just a rumour,\" he says.Disclosing the details about his upcoming films, Rajniesh says, \"I am all set to begin my next Hindi film and if all goes well, I will also be seen in a Telugu project. I am now looking at working with big banners, big directors and a star cast that boasts of big names.\"Despite having made his film debut in 2008, with 1920, Rajniesh is not seen on screen at regular intervals. Doesn't that affect his career? \"I did slow down after my debut. I had an unconventional start with a thriller and after my maiden venture, I took some time to zero in on my second project. I want to do some action-packed roles, where I can play a superhero,\" he says.Rajniesh, who started his career as a model, has cut down on his modelling assignments. \"But I have not really said goodbye to modelling. I will be endorsing projects and will be a showstopper for some events,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12191160", "title": "Life term upheld on woman, paramour for killing husband", "text": "MADURAI: It might be a day of celebration of womanhood. But for Radha of Karur, the International Women's Day turned out to be a day of grief as the Madurai bench of the Madras high court confirmed the life sentence imposed on her for killing her husband. The woman's paramour, who connived in the crime, was also slapped with life sentence.The sessions judge, Karur on December 21, 2010 convicted and sentenced Radha alias Anuradha and her paramour Ranjithkumar for killing Radha's husband Mayavan on April 12, 2009 in Mayanur, Karur.Mayavan was running a tea shop in the village. Ranjithkumar, who used to frequent the shop to have tea, developed an illicit relationship with Radha. In spite of the warning by the panchayat and her husband, she continued her illicit affair with him. Due to her conduct, there used to be frequent quarrels between the couple. Radha and her paramour found Mayavan an obstacle and decided to eliminate him.On the night of April 12, 2009, Mayavan was poisoned, strangulated and beaten to death with a crowbar and his dead body was packed in a gunny bag. Ranjithkumar then transported the body in Mayavan's two-wheeler. Unfortunately, when Ranjithkumar tried to avoid a speed breaker, Mayavan's body, fell from the bike. The accused then fled from the spot. The police, who found the body, later arrested the duo based on their suspicious movements.After their conviction by the sessions judge in Karur, Ranjithkumar and Radha filed the present appeal in the Madurai bench against their sentence.Dismissing the appeal petition filed by them, the bench comprising Justice N Paul Vasanthkumar and Justice P Devadass said that the accused are the killers of the deceased.They added, \"Thus, by overwhelming evidence, prosecution has established its case beyond all reasonable doubts. So, the accused were rightly found guilty under Section 302 r/w 34 IPC by the sessions judge, Karur.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12190962", "title": "After waiting 30 years, 150 postal staff regularised", "text": "CHENNAI: After waiting for 30 years, close to 150 employees of the postal department will finally become regular employees, thanks to the intervention of the Central Administrative Tribunal ( CAT). A bench of G Shanthappa, judicial member and R Satapathy, administrative member, passed orders on the matter.The applicants were appointed mazdoors with the department of posts in 1982. While joining, they were assured that their services would be regularised. Based on directions in a Supreme Court judgment, the department introduced a scheme in 1991 which stipulated that all casual labourers who worked for eight hours a day for 240 days every year as on November 29, 1989 would be conferred temporary status.Those who were granted temporary status and had worked for three consecutive years would be conferred with 'Group D' status. These employees - who are now called multi-tasking staff - would be eligible for pension and other service benefits.When they approached the tribunal in 2010, they were directed to make individual representations to authorities by listing out their grievances. But their claims were rejected mainly on two grounds - that they were overage and that they did not have the qualification.When their fresh applications came up for hearing, M Ravindran, additional solicitor general who appeared for the Union government, said authorities did not have any objection to regularise their services.The bench said there \"cannot be any hindrance for the absorption of applicants\" who have been working for so long. \"It has also come to our notice that there are enough vacancies to accommodate the applicants before us,\" the bench said.Authorities were directed to consider regularising these applicants and give age relaxation and training for those who did not possess matriculation skills within three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12197805", "title": "Salman shoots with his parents for Being Human", "text": "Finally the actor gets his parents together onscreen for the first time for his Being Human foundation.Salman Khan is one actor who believes in strong promotions for his product be it his films or his foundation. Salman came up with a fashion brand to promote his charity foundation Being Human, and now the actor will be seen in an advertisement for the same.We heard the actor has involved his entire family including parents for this ad commercial. The actor recently shot at Mehboob studio along with Salim Khan, Salma Khan and Helen. Interestingly his parents will be seen together for the first time.The actor will flaunt a new look with the brand new collection of Being Human. Before this the actor launched a website to sell his Being Human merchandise that includes watches and T shirts. Salman also joined hands with few stores that are associated with marketing and promoting Being Human.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12190860", "title": "\u2018Hit-and-run\u2019 ship\u2019s crew held by police", "text": "CHENNAI: A Kerala police team on Thursday arrested a crew member of Prabhu Daya, the ship suspected to have collided with a fishing vessel off the Alappuzha coast in Kerala killing four fishermen on March 1. Another fisherman is missing.The arrest of Mayur Virendra Kumar, who was on the deck of the ship at the time of the incident, came soon after Ernakulam range IG K Padmakumar met Tamil Nadu DGP K Ramanujam and Chennai city police commissioner J K Tripathy on Wednesday. The Kerala police have sought permission from the directorate general of shipping to take the vessel to the Kerala coast, which is now anchored off the coast of Chennai. Padmakumar said that the investigation has \"almost confirmed\" the involvement of Prabhu Daya, a Singapore-flagged vessel, in the incident.A Kerala police team on Wednesday said they had seized the vessel, something denied by the investigators of DG shipping and Indian Coast Guard. Kerala police deputy SP Mahesh Kumar had said that cases would be filed against three crew members, including Captain Pierera Karp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12190881", "title": "Actor's father meets top cop", "text": "CHENNAI: The father of actor P Vinod Kumar, who committed suicide at actress A Alphonsa's apartment house in Virugambakkam, met police commissioner J K Tripathy on Thursday and sought action against Alphonsa and two others in connection with his son's \"mysterious death\". Budding actor Kumar alias Joy, a native of Kalpakkam, had been living with Alphonsa for a few months.Kumar's uncle B Sugumaran lodged a complaint at the Virugambakkam police station seeking legal action against Alphonsa and her brother Robertraj, a dancer in Kollywood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "gwalior", "code": "12193168", "title": "Father sees conspiracy behind killing of his IPS son", "text": "GWALIOR: The father of the young IPS officer, who was mowed down by an alleged member of the mining mafia, has alleged that there was a well-planned conspiracy against his son who did not receive the cooperation of the local police.\"It is clear that this was a well-planned conspiracy. He did not receive cooperation of the local police. He stopped vehicles carrying stones for check. Is it the work of the IPS officer, or the work of a thana-level police?\" said Keshav Dev, father of Narendra Kumar Singh, the 30-year-old IPS officer, who was crushed under the wheels of a tractor trolley driven by an alleged member of the mining mafia in Morena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12192371", "title": "\u2018Child marriages persist in Mysore district\u2019", "text": "MYSORE: Despite many awareness programmes on women empowerment, child marriages are still taking place in the district, zilla panchayat chief executive officer G Satyavathi has said.She was speaking after inaugurating the International Women's Day organized by the district administration in association with Women and Children Welfare Department and Zilla Panchayat at Kalamandira here on Thursday.A seminar on gender equality was organized by the Organization for Development of People on the occasion.Women's Day was celebrated by Maharani's Women's Arts and Commerce College, All India Mahila Samskruthika Sanghatane, Mahajana College and SDM Women's College and JSS College for Women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12201616", "title": "Trend of burning crafted Holikas on raised platforms gains ground", "text": "KANPUR: This year, the residents of Swaroop Nagar, Arya Nagar and several other places burnt the effigies of Holika crafted by skilled craftsmen on Wednesday.Admit chanting of Vedic mantras and throwing of colour, the people burnt the Holikas that had been set up on raised platforms of brick meant to save roads from getting damaged. At some places, the platforms were covered with mud. This was done to save the roads from getting damaged. The awareness in this regard was spread by Kanpur Nagar Nigam. The civic authorities urged the people to use these platforms.There were several other localities where no platforms were raised for burning the Holikas. The roads got damaged at several spots in southern parts of the city. The burning logs of wood also hindered traffic.Meanwhile, the increasing demand for crafted Holika effigies had generated employment opportunities for the people who earn their livelihood by making bamboo furniture. These craftsmen have learnt the art of making the effigies of Holika, Ravana etc for festivals like Holi and Dussehra.The effigies are made out of bamboo, newspaper and glossy paper. \"This is a part-time business for us. Our main occupation is making furniture,\" said Mahesh. The smallest effigy was three ft high and the tallest was of 20 feet. \"We make these effigies according to the orders that we get from customers,\" he added. The customers are mostly people living in apartments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "12194547", "title": "Uttarakhand: Congress to stake claim to form government", "text": "DEHRADUN: The suspense over government formation in Uttarakhand is likely to end in a few hours from now with the Congress all set to stake claim to form the next government, according to TV reports.With 32 seats the Congress had emerged as the largest party in the state in the just concluded assembly elections, but was three short of majority in the 70-member House.The party is claiming support of 3 independent MLAs and one MLA of Uttarakhand Kranti Dal.According to TV reports, Congress leaders are scheduled to meet governor Margret Alva at 1pm to stake claim to form government.The BJP with 31 seats was also making desperate attempts to woo the independents.BSP has won three seats in the state.Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195038", "title": "Stanley, Chillar Party kids \u2018share\u2019 national awards", "text": "If quantity is any indication of change then our child actors are well on the way to becoming the new entertainment sensation of Bollywood.In an unprecedented move, the jury of the 59th National awards decided to confer the Best Child Artist award to Partho Gupte in Amole Gupte's 'Stanley Ka Dabba' and to all the 22 kids of Vikas Behl-Nitish Tiwary's 'Chillar Party'.Just how the Stanley party of 1 and Chillar Party of 22 would share the National award is unclear even to the parties concerned.Partho's father Amole Gupte said, \"Partho was in school when the announcements were made. So he wasn't aware about the National award immediately. But I am happy for him. I'm also happy for the kids in 'Chillar Party', though I don't quite understand how the award can be shared by so many children.\"Vikas Behl co-director of Chillar Party also seems a little puzzled by the governmental largesse . \"It's really nice to know all the kids in 'Chillar Party' have been honoured. Truly, it would be heart-breaking to single out one or the other kid because the other children would've been demoralized. But I believe Partho has also been honoured for 'Stanley Ka Dabba'. I don't know how this will work. Will all the kids be in it together?\"Having said that Vikas goes on to express great joy at his little children's film making such a big impact. \"We never expected it would have such a resonant impact. 'Chillar Party' has won three National awards. That means somewhere we did the right thing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12200998", "title": "Don\u2019t call me a porn star: Sunny Leone", "text": "The Bigg Boss contestant has been telling this to people off late.Sunny Leone has always maintained that she chose her profession as an actor of adult films because she wanted to. It was a choice she made and likes to stand by her profession.Thus, the actress does not like to be called a porn star.Our source who has interacted with Sunny revealed, \"Sunny is outspoken. She made it very clear that she needs to be addressed as an adult film actor and not a porn star as people mostly do. Sunny respects her profession and makes sure this message goes across to people and journalists.\"Apparently it's also been said that Sunny still hasn't signed Jism 2!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12192278", "title": "Writers seek legal recourse against Akademi apathy", "text": "MANGALORE: Konkani writers using Kannada script are on the warpath. Piqued at consistent neglect of Konkani literature in this script by the Kendra Sahitya Akademi, three writers -- Eric Ozario, Marcel D'Souza of Mangalore and Valerian D'Souza of Mysore -- moved the Karnataka High Court through a petition filed collectively, but in individual capacities, challenging this perceived bias.Eric Ozario, gurkaar of Mandd Sobhann, premier Konkani organization here, told TOI on Tuesday they have sought a court directive that the Akademi consider all scripts used to pen Konkani literature - be it Devanagari, Kannada or Roman - on equal footing when it comes to awards, assignments and projects. \"At present, this is the sole preserve of Devanagari script and other scripts are sidelined,\" he said.The writers have also prayed that the advisory board for Konkani in the Akademi be dissolved. \"The 10-member board is packed with representatives rooting for Devanagari script and that has led to this situation,\" he said. The board has seven members backing Devanagari, and one each from Karnataka, Maharashtra and Kerala.\"The board set up in 1977, Eric said, has always had a majority of people backing the Devanagari script. The writ petition was filed three months ago, and the court then gave the Akademi and the Union government six weeks to reply. The court initially granted the defendants two months' extension and on February 21, six weeks to reply. This latest extension has come with a strict directive to comply, Eric said.The basis of this legal action, Eric explained, is the premise that it's the language (Konkani) and not the script used to write it that should be important. The highest number of literature works in Konkani has been penned in Kannada followed by Roman and Devanagari script, he said. Our counsel did not press for a stay on awards granted by the Akademi until such time the whole row was sorted out and the court is taking up the two issues, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12201523", "title": "Mystery shrouds recovery of couple's bodies with stab injuries", "text": "KANPUR: Mystery shrouds the death of a 35-year-old man and his wife in their house on Thursday morning. Their bodies, with stab wounds, were found in their home in Subedar Nagar, falling under the jurisdiction of Bithoor police.The bodies of Lallan and his 32-year-old wife Bhoori were spotted by their daughter Saloni on Thursday morning. She informed her neighbour Chotey Lal and other residents of the area. Lallan's body was lying in his room. Bhoori's body was recovered from a cot in the courtyard. The residents of the area informed the Bithoor police.The neighbours told the police that Lallan was in the habit of drinking and used to quarrel with his wife. They had an altercation on Wednesday night also. A case had been registered under various sections of IPC. Sniffer dog squad and fingerprint experts also visited the spot and conducted preliminary investigations.It appears that Lallan had first axed Bhoori to death and later slit his throat with a blade. The incident could also be the result of illicit affairs. The police have recovered an axe and a razor from the spot. Cash and other belongings were found to be intact.The post-mortem report indicated that the duo died due to excessive bleeding.Further investigations are on.The police said that the couple's children were sleeping in other room and they could not hear any commotion, which is strange. The children will be questioned later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12191020", "title": "Elders home alone: Cops count 500 so far", "text": "CHENNAI: The police are carrying out a headcount of senior citizens in the city and its suburbs in an attempt to protect a particularly vulnerable section of society that is increasingly being targeted by criminals. As many as 500 senior citizens have so far been registered at various police stations as part of the new initiative launched by police commissioner J K Tripathy.With robbers focusing on Chennai's elderly people, especially those living alone, the commissioner devised a plan for police stations to keep a record of all senior citizens in their jurisdictions so they could keep tabs on them and deter criminals who consider them soft targets.The assistant commissioner of police (public relations office) in the commissioner office will collect data on senior citizens. A sub-inspector has been assigned at the PRO's office to receive information from the senior citizens and pass on the data to police stations.Members of the public can also register senior citizens such as their parents or relatives if they want police to regularly check on them. People can also contact the police by phone at 044-23452320 for registration of the elderly or email relevant details directly to cop@vsnl.net or acpro.office@gmail.com.\"The emails are monitored by a policeman who will collect all the data for the four zones of the Chennai city police and send the details to the police stations concerned,\" assistant commissioner of police A D Mohanraj told TOI.Public relations office sub-inspector H Kamar has been assigned to collect the details. \"He will take calls at the office from 9am to 6pm every day. We are maintaining a separate ledger for senior citizens according to the police district and zone in which they live. The details will be sent to the police stations once a week,\" ACP Mohanraj said.Police commissioner Tripathy has instructed all his subordinate officers to keep tabs on senior citizens while patrolling both during the day and the night. \"This way, we can provide security to senior citizens. Elderly people registered with the police will be given phone numbers to contact police inspectors in times of crisis,\" commissioner Tripathy said.\"We are also planning to rope in a few NGOs, school and college students to create awareness and help register senior citizens,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12192234", "title": "Beer scores over IMFL as tipple of choice on Holi", "text": "MUMBAI: Due to the high cost of Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) following the hike in taxes last year, the city once again witnessed higher sales of beer as compared to hard liquor during Holi. Sales of IMFL have traditionally always been higher than that of beer, but a change in the trend was first witnessed on New Year's Eve in 2011, when despite it being winter, beer sold more than IMFL.\"The state's decision to allow liquor shops to be open late a day before Rangpanchami drove our sales up three times the usual volume,\" said Arvind Miskin, secretary of the Maharashtra wine merchants' association. Normally, liquor shops close at 11.30pm, but the state extended the closing time till 1.30am for Holi.According to Miskin's estimates, beer sales accounted for 65% of total liquor sales in the city, whereas IMFL brands sales clocked in at just 33%. The sale of premium brands at counters was just 2% of total sales, he said. Sources with the Indian Hotel and Restaurants Association (AHAR), which has 7,000 restaurants, bars and hotels in the city as members, said liquor sales were not impressive at bars and restaurants witnessed more orders for in-house parties. \"People seem to have preferred buying liquor over the counter and then drinking at home,\" an AHAR member said.In March 2011, the state excise duty on IMFL rose by 30-35%, taking net increase on liquor from 30% to 60%, depending on the brands. Also, from March 2011, the union government imposed a service tax of 10.30% on air-conditioned bars. All this apart from a 10% increase in VAT resulted in liquor prices going up astronomically by 70-75% last year. So, while beer costs up to Rs 125 per bottle, wine and other IMFL brands cost up to Rs 800 per bottle on an average.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12190605", "title": "Vote-on-account budget on March 21", "text": "BANGALORE: In view of political uncertainties and other technical issues, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda has decided to present a vote-on-account budget (2012-2013) on March 21.The cabinet on Thursday decided to convene the budget session from March 20 and present the budget following day.Given the present political uncertainty and also with the financial year ending on March 31, the CM is likely to take a vote-on-account for the first quarter of 2012-13. This would mean taking sanction of the House to release money for three months, after which another session will be convened later in the year for a supplementary budget. \"The first day of the session will be a condolence meeting for minister VS Acharya,'' law minister S Suresh Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12191136", "title": "Controversy over Aldona fire rages on", "text": "MAPUSA: Not satisfied with the progress in the investigation in the fire incident in which two shops at Aldona were destroyed, the shop owner has demanded the judicial probe in the incident as the case is suspected to be a politically motivated arson.The two shops situated at Aldona were gutted in fire in the early hours of Monday morning. One of the two shop owners who shop first caught fire has alleged that the incident was politically motivated.V P Stores run by Oldrin Pereira had lodged a complaint with the Mapusa police alleging that he was threatened by the then Aldona MLA and Congress candidate Dayanand Narvekar that he would eliminate him and four others, besides setting his shop and their houses on fire on the day of polling.Police informed that the investigations are in progress and they are trying to locate the two cars which the complainant has said that suspiciously moving in the location.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12190799", "title": "Jail riots case: Charges framed against 27", "text": "CHENNAI: Thirteen years after the worst jail riots in Tamil Nadu history broke out at the former campus of the Central Prison near Chennai Central station, charges were framed against 27 accused on Thursday. Twelve prisoners and two jail officials were killed in the incident on November 17, 1999.The IV additional sessions judge S Rajagopalan, read out the sequence of events and the charges that were imposed.They have been charged under sections 302 (murder), 307 (attempt to murder), 147 (rioting), 148 (rioting, armed with deadly weapon) and 332 (voluntarily causing hurt to deter a public servant from his duty), among others.Additional city public prosecutor M Prabavati said a total of 41 persons are facing trial in the case. Charges for the remaining 22 persons will be framed on the next date of hearing on March 14, the judge said.Of the accused, two persons - Magendran and Babu - have died. Two others, Kavikko alias Vijayakumar and Paranthaman, are still in jail while the remaining persons were out on bail.The case relates to prison riots triggered by the death of an inmate 'Boxer' Vadivelu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "12190328", "title": "Medicos' agitation affects smooth functioning of MCH", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The students (MBBS and PG) and house surgeons at the Medical College here are on a 24-hour strike. Fortunately there has been no crisis reported from either the wards or the casualty till Thursday evening owing to shortage of doctors.The token strike is in protest against the bond system implemented by the government. \"The strike is part of the protest held in all medical colleges over the bond system. We are demanding permanent postings in rural areas. The government should also end its indifferent attitude towards the medical students' community,\" said Dr Jineesh P S, convener, Joint Action Council.The protesters, who boycotted work in casualty and labour wards, said they would attend to emergency cases. \"In all medical colleges there is a team ready to attend to emergencies,\" said Dr Suraj Shankar, president, PG Association.However, there was strong opposition to the strike from various quarters. \"Even during bandh, hospitals are spared. Not cooperating with casualty works is not fair,\" said a senior doctor.There are 400 PG students, 50 senior residents, 150 house surgeons and 750 UG students in Kottayam Medical College.The protesters held a dharna in front of the office of the college principal earlier in the day. They submitted a memorandum to the principal stating their demands. The leaders of the strike also reiterated that they were not against serving in rural areas or medical colleges, but were against the bond system, and would continue their struggle against it.\"The government is not ready to fill the vacancies in the health sector. Instead, it is finding an easy way out by extending our rural service,\" said Dr Suraj.The protesters are demanding filling up of all vacancies in the government medical colleges and other government hospitals through the PSC. \"There are over 2,400 candidates in the PSC waiting list (rural health sector).Earlier, medicos had to do only one year of rural service. They had the option of choosing it either after MBBS, PG or after specialization. But a government order on February 16, said a medical student should do one-year compulsory rural service after each course. That would mean a total of three years for a specialist.Meanwhile, Tigi Thomas Jacob, medical superintendent, said though the strike had affected the smooth functioning of the medical college hospital, there had been no complaints from patients. \"The crucial time is after 6pm, hope everything will be fine,\" he said.Sam Christy Mammen, RMO, said that those who were on duty were putting in extra efforts. \"There is no crisis. PG students who turned up are doing a commendable job,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12195928", "title": "UPCC chief Rita Bahugana Joshi offers to resign following UP poll debacle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Uttar Pradesh Congress chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi on Friday met Congress president Sonia Gandhi and offered to resign owning moral responsibility for the poll debacle.After meeting Gandhi for the first time after the poll results, Joshi told reporters here that she has owned the responsibility for the defeat and offered to step down.She said that the Congress President will decide on the issue in due course.Asked about the reasons for the party's crushing defeat in the Assembly polls, Joshi said that there were reasons for it and party leaders will sit down and take stock of.Joshi had said yesterday that the whole party cadre was collectively responsible for the debacle and it was wrong to engage in blame game at this moment when the party is in crisis in the state.On the day the results were out, Digvijay Singh , party general secretary in-charge of UP, is learnt to have offered to resign. He was, however, evasive on the issue, saying it was between him and the Congress President.Rahul Gandhi has already accepted responsibility for the party's poor showing in UP, even though Congress leaders have made frantic attempts to insulate him from the UP results, saying Gandhi created the wave, which a leader is supposed to, and it was for the cadres and local leaders to turn the wave into votes.The Congress had finished fourth in the elections during which Rahul Gandhi had led from the front and the party could secure only 28 seats.Even in Amethi and Rae Bareli, the pocketboroughs of Gandhi family, the results were a shocker to the party as it managed to win only two of the ten assembly seats. The Parliamentary seats are represented by Rahul Gandhi and Sonia Gandhi.Elections 2012 NewsUP Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12192257", "title": "North Karnataka reels under power cuts", "text": "HUBLI: There seems to be no end to load shedding in North Karnataka. At present, the load shedding schedule has risen to 9 hours, but according to HESCOM norms, a maximum of 6 hours of load shedding in rural areas is the limit.HESCOM engineer Nagesh D Kathkol said the district headquarters, which comes under the region of HESCOM, does not reel under power cuts. Seven districts such as Dharwad, Gadag, Haveri, Uttarakannada, Belgaum, Bagalkot and Bijapur will come under HESCOM region.\"In urban areas, we are supplying electricity for urban areas for 24 hours other than to the district headquarters. In rural areas of Bagalkot, Bijapur and Belgaum, we are providing 15 hours of electricity and imposing power cuts for 9 hours. In Haveri, Dharwad and Gadag, we are giving 16 hours of electricity and have load shedding for about 8 hours,\" he explained.\"As per HESCOM norms, we should provide around 18 hours of electricity and impose load shedding for 6 hours. We are planning to provide electricity from 6pm to midnight in a single phase to villages as there are students preparing for examinations.Gulbarga Electricity Supply Company Limited (GESCOM) technical director M Mahadev said six districts comes under GESCOM. \"We are providing around 6 hours of three phase and 12 hours of a single phase in rural areas and got 6 hours of load shedding.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12194627", "title": "Akshara Gowd not doing a film with Mahesh Babu", "text": "Akshara Gowd, the Bangalore-based actress, who is best known for her bold role in the Hindi film \"Chitkabrey\", we learn, is after all not doing a film with Mahesh Babu.According to sources close to Anil Sunkara, the producer of the film, it was reportedly a PR exercise to gain attention. \"After the news was splashed across the media, she approached the producer of Mahesh's upcoming film with director Sukumar, asking them to consider her for the role. When they did not reply, she SMSed them again asking them to consider her for any role in any of their forthcoming films,\" adds our source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12190339", "title": "Water transport department plans to make houseboat cruise cheaper", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: State Water Transport Department (SWTD) plans to operate cost-efficient houseboats in Alappuzha for tourists. SWTD director Shaji V Nair held talks with state transport minister V S Sivakumar on Monday and received a positive reply from the state government. Nair said, the department will soon submit a detailed project report to the government.Nair told TOI on Thursday many tourists refuse houseboat cruise because it is very expensive. \"Tourists are exploited by the houseboat industry. So we thought about a cost efficient factor and our project is expected to standardize tariff here. We have not decided any tariff details, services or packages. But our service will be cheaper than the ones available now,\" Nair said.\"Our Alappuzha-Kollam tourism boat service is a big hit and we are gearing up for 'See Kuttanad' project this month. The plan is to take tourists, both foreign and domestic, to the interior regions of Kuttanad at cheaper rates,'' he said. The department will introduce two more double-decker boats from KSRTC boat jetty to Kuttanad as part of this project.The boat will be a circular service covering all regions of Kuttanad. Upper deck will be reserved for tourists and the fare will be Rs 50, while lower deck will cater to daily commuters, Nair said. He added that commuters will have to pay a fare of only Rs 10. \"We hope the department can make some profit from our new houseboat cruising project for the tourists,'' Nair said.Alappuzha: State Water Transport Department (SWTD) is set to operate houseboats in Alappuzha for providing cost-efficient houseboat cruising to tourists. The SWTD director Shaji V Nair has already held discussions with state transport minister V S Sivakumar in this connection and the department received a positive reply from the state government. It will soon submit a detailed project report to the state government for starting the operation of the houseboats.SWTD director Shaji V Nair told TOI on Thursday that though Alappuzha is a land of houseboats, the people of Alappuzha and a major chunk of ordinary tourists, who call at Alappuzha, are staying away from houseboat cruising as it is a very expensive one. Tourists are also being exploited by the people working in the houseboat industry. So we are planning to provide cost efficient houseboat cruising for the tourists. Our new project is expected to bring in standardisation of tariff in the houseboat industry,'' Nair said.The Department's Alappuzha-Kollam tourism boat service proved a big hit and we are all set to start See Kuttanad project this month. See Kuttanad project aims at taking tourists, both foreign and domestic, to the interior regions of water-locked Kuttanad at very cheap rates. The department has also facilitated the procedures for starting its new houseboat cruising venture,'' he said.The department will ply two double-decker boats from the Alappuzha KSRTC boat jetty through the various parts of Kuttanad as a circular service. The boat will take holidaymakers to all nooks and corners of Kuttanad and also near the paddy fields where cultivation is undertaken below the sea level. The upper deck of the boat will be reserved for holidaymakers and they will be charged Rs 50. The lower deck will be for daily commuters and they have to pay only Rs 10. The new project will benefit not only for the tourists but also for daily commuters, for they will additional trips apart from the existing ones.We hope that the department can also make a good profit from our new houseboat cruising project for the tourists,'' Nair said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12191479", "title": "Kerala ex-CM favoured son: House panel", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A special seven-member committee of the Kerala assembly on Thursday presented its report indicting V S Achuthanandan for flouting rules in getting his son V A Arun Kumar appointed as head of two state-run institutions when he was the chief minister.The panel was probing four allegations: the appointment of Arun Kumar as director of the state-run ICT Academy; his appointment as director of the Model Finishing School; his appointment as additional director of state-run Institute of Human Resources Department; and the financial irregularities of the SPACE organisation.\"The committee finds that Achuthanandan favoured his son to be appointed as the state-run ICT Academy and as the additional director of the state-run Institute of Human Resources and Development,\" V D Satheesan, Congress legislator and chairman of the committee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12192055", "title": "SAD sticks with Badal senior as chief minister", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Akali stalwart Parkash Singh Badal will be sworn in as Punjab chief minister on March 14 for a record fifth time with Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) electing him as its Legislature party leader unanimously on Thursday, ending all speculation over the leadership issue.\"I had declared it well in advance that Badal will be the Chief Minister,\" SAD president Sukhbir Singh Badal told reporters at the CM's official residence in Chandigarh.Sukhbir said the swearing-in ceremony of 85-year-old Badal, who will head the SAD-BJP coalition government, will he held on March 14 at the historic Chapar Chiri Banda Bahadur Memorial in Fatehgarh Sahab district, about 50 km from here. The oath ceremony is traditionally held at Raj Bhavan.After the SAD-BJP alliance retained power on Tuesday there was speculation that Badal Sr will hand over power to his son Sukhbir. Badal senior headed full two five-year terms from 1997 and 2007. His other terms were in 1977-1980 and 1970-71.When his attention was drawn on who will become the next deputy chief minister, Sukhbir, who is currently holding the post, said that there was no confusion on the issue. \"Both the SAD and the BJP will decide upon the post of Deputyss Chief Minister,\" he added.On who all will be inducted in the Badal cabinet, Sukhbir said that a decision to that effect will be taken by the CM.He gave his father the credit for returning the SAD to power. \"Under the leadership of (Parkash Singh) Badal, the state performed well and Akalis got victory,\" he said. SAD-BJP alliance broke a 46-year-old jinx in the reorganised state, becoming the first government to come to power for a second successive term.Sukhbir thanked people of Punjab for reposing faith in the policies and programmes of the SAD and said, \"The SAD-BJP alliance government will strive to fulfil the dreams of the people of the state.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12192289", "title": "Porngate: Tainted trio depose before House committee", "text": "BANGALORE: For the first time, three former ministers - Laxman V Savadi, CC Patil and J Krishna Palemar -- on Thursday deposed before the legislature's House committee probing Porngate.Savadi was reportedly grilled for more than 30 minutes, after video footage of him watching sleazy clips in the legislative assembly in February were viewed. He is said to have admitted watching the clips, but \"not intentionally\". He told the panel: \"My intention was to watch the torture of humans in Afghanistan . The porn clip happened to be along with it.\" He also apologized for this.Savadi is believed to have said he wrongly mentioned Palemar's name and the mobile phone on which the clips were stored did not belong to the latter. Patil, who was the first to be quizzed by the committee headed by Shrishailappa Bidarur, reportedly said he did in fact took a look at the clips, but at that point of there was no sleazy pictures. \"I have no role in this episode. I told Savadi to switch off the phone,\" Patil later told reporters.After the deposition, Palemar said he was hurt by the incident. During questioning, Palemar reportedly said the mobile phone didn't belong to him. \"Normally, I don't bring handsets to the assembly. By chance, I brought my mobile that day, but it was switched off,\" he reportedly said..When the members asked what Congress MLA UT Khader was showing on his mobile, Palemar is said to said they were photographs of his house and the condition of roads of his constituency in Dakshina Kannada.Television footage showed Savadi watching the porn clips and Patil, sitting next to him, also taking a look, on a mobile phone last month. The three had to quit the next day following public outrage. The speaker constituted a seven-member House panel, comprising four BJP members, two Congress and one from JD(S), to probe the episode. The two opposition parties boycotted the committee, reducing it to a ruling-party panel.The panel is exploring legal options on summoning more MLAs who allegedly watched the clips in the legislative assembly. Panel member Nehru Olekar created a flutter on March 4 when he said 8-10 other MLAs from all parties had also seen the porn clips. Asked whether notices would be issued to those MLAs to appear before the panel, Bidarur said legal options would be explored. \"Only if the law permits it, we'll think of summoning them,'' he added.Bidarur said: \"The next meeting of the panel is on March 15.\" On Friday, he'll meet speaker KG Bopaiah who had originally asked the committee to submit the report by March 13. The panel has met thrice and two Kannada news channels have been grilled for airing the footage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195508", "title": "The award came as a surprise, says K P Suveeran", "text": "Director K P Suveeran is on a high as his film Byari has won the 59th National Award under the best movie category and Mallika, the protagonist, has received a special mention for her performance.Says Suveeran, \"I'm elated. To be honest, I was expecting a regional award, but the National Award came as a surprise.\" The director adds, \"It was challenging to do a cinema in the Byari language. Spoken by the Muslim community located on the outskirts of Karnataka, the language has no script. Kannada movies often talk about the Byari community. But nobody has made a film on it till now. The theme of the movie was also sensitive and we had to be extremely cautious while shooting some of the scenes.\"This is Suveeran's second feature film, the first one being an adaptation of Roald Dahl's story Sound Machine. The 45-minute movie won critical acclaim for its narrative brilliance. Though, Suveeran says the journey has not really been easy. \"There's a constant lack of funds for films like these. Byari was shot on a 16mm film because we couldn't afford to shoot on a 35mm,\" he says.The movie depicts the tradition, culture and language of the Byari community. It portrays the misuse of Iddath (marriage) and Talaq (divorce) in the Muslim community.Suveeran has decided to go commercial with two upcoming ventures. \"I'm writing the script of one and Sreenivasan will be scripting the other movie,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195080", "title": "Exceeds expectations", "text": "The positive response to entertainer London Paris New York has proved yet again that love is the universal language understood all over the world.And that cinema and music play a key role in cementing cultural differences between nations. Vijay Singh , CEO, Fox Star Studios, said, \"Ours was a film that promised freedom from the run-of-the-mill romcoms and it lived up to its word. Interestingly, LPNY was an Indian production house presentation starring a Pakistani sensation who is a musician, painter and actor - Ali Zafar - and was shot against the exciting backdrop of three of the world's most vibrant and multi-ethnic cities - London, Paris and New York. Thus our film became a central point of diverse hues from all over the world. It is a kind of cinema of celebrations.\"Ali added, \"The fact that it was set in three wonderful cities, and covered three chapters in the lead characters' lives made it unique and special. You know back home I tell people how well I am treated in India. For me, the experience has been beyond my expectations and I just cannot express it in words.\" LPNY also marked Ali's debut as a music composer.Producer Goldie Behl of Rose Movies said, \"With this film, we've opened doors for different cinema. I hope my film stands to be an inspiration to many.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12194840", "title": "Vidya Balan: I did 43 interviews in a day", "text": "But Vidya Balan says these days, everything is fair as far as movie promotions goAt a time when promotional campaigns for movies are becoming increasingly innovative and elaborate, a visibly pregnant Vidya is being spotted in various parts of the country in search of her missing husband Arnab Bagchi as part of the promotions of her new film - Viacom 18 Motion Pictures' Kahaani - that releases today.Balan, fresh from the success of The Dirty Picture , (she has just bagged the National Award for it too), wants to reach out to every possible ticket buyer. \"Promotions can be seen in two ways - either you hate them and they're a burden and you are getting through with it or you can enjoy them. I decided early on that I was going to enjoy them. I did 43 interviews in a day for Kahaani. If I don't enjoy it, it's going to be a disaster... I like meeting people, I like getting to know them, I just like people. So, for me, I take it like I'm chatting with different people. Just that the energy level sometimes drops. After 40 interviews, I couldn't look straight. But, it's okay. It's what I need to do because today there is such an information overload... how does one draw attention to one's film?\" she says.FILMS AND B-O COLLECTIONS \"The stakes are high on every film now because there's the opening weekend. The first week is extremely crucial, increasingly films are being judged in terms of opening day, opening weekend, then first week.\" People are going berserk promoting their films. And I've been lucky that I've had different looks in every film, and I carry forward the look. Now the moment you see me in this look, half my job is done because you think of this film.\"HER PREGNANT CLAUSE \"What else can I do? The production house and director Sujoy Ghosh were a bit apprehensive about broaching this with me, but when I said yes, they said you've made life easier for us. And I said, but that is the look of the film, so why not.\"PLAYING ONLY FEMALE LEADS \"The Vidya of Kahaani is a woman with grit and determination; she's a strong woman. When people ask me why you are only playing strong female-centric characters, I tell them that a woman is innately strong, just that the expressions of that differ with circumstances and background. I am getting the opportunity to explore strength in different women.\"Balan, fresh from the success of The Dirty Picture, (she has just bagged the National Award for it too), wants to reach out to every possible ticket buyer. \"Promotions can be seen in two ways - either you hate them and they're a burden and you are getting through with it or you can enjoy them. I decided early on that I was going to enjoy them. I did 43 interviews in a day for Kahaani. If I don't enjoy it, it's going to be a disaster... I like meeting people, I like getting to know them, I just like people. So, for me, I take it like I'm chatting with different people. Just that the energy level sometimes drops. After 40 interviews, I couldn't look straight. But, it's okay. It's what I need to do because today there is such an information overload... how does one draw attention to one's film?\" she says.FILMS AND B-O COLLECTIONS \"The stakes are high on every film now because there's the opening weekend. The first week is extremely crucial, increasingly films are being judged in terms of opening day, opening weekend, then first week.\" People are going berserk promoting their films. And I've been lucky that I've had different looks in every film, and I carry forward the look. Now the moment you see me in this look, half my job is done because you think of this film.\" HER PREGNANT CLAUSE \"What else can I do? The production house and director Sujoy Ghosh were a bit apprehensive about broaching this with me, but when I said yes, they said you've made life easier for us. And I said, but that is the look of the film, so why not.\"PLAYING ONLY FEMALE LEADS \"The Vidya of Kahaani is a woman with grit and determination; she's a strong woman. When people ask me why you are only playing strong female-centric characters, I tell them that a woman is innately strong, just that the expressions of that differ with circumstances and background. I am getting the opportunity to explore strength in different women.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12190379", "title": "Glut in EU markets hits grape prices", "text": "NASHIK: The prices of table grapes in Europe have declined by around 33%in the current grape season in comparison to the same time last year due to a glut in the European market.India exports grapes to European countries in large quantities and Indian exporters get better prices in markets there. But, the grapes exporters of the country are disappointed this year to the decline in prices of grapes. Grape prices in European markets have declined to Rs 40 a kg, against Rs 55-60 last year.\"Indian grape exporters get better prices in European markets, but the rates of grapes have collapsed in European countries due to a glut in the markets. The prices of Indian grapes, which were being sold at Rs 55-60 per kg last year, have declined to Rs 35-40 this year,\" said Jagannath Khapare, president of the grapes exporters' association of India (GEAI).\"Grapes from Argentina and South Africa had started arriving in European countries three months ago in large quantities, causing a glut in the markets. Moreover, Chile also started exporting its grapes to European countries at the same time as India, worsening the situation. This has led to declining prices in Europe,\" he added.Though the contribution of European countries in total grapes export from India is around 30-40%, value-wise its contribution is around 50 to 55%, as Europe pays better prices for Indian grapes. In 2010-11, India's total grape export was 99,278 metric tonne, amounting to Rs 412 crore. Of this, 30,284 metric tonne of grapes amounting to Rs 200 crore were exported to European countries.Grape export from Nashik district has already commenced. So far, 330 containers of grapes (3,960 metric tonne) have been exported to UK, Holland, Sweden, Thailand, Vietnam , Indonesia, Sri Lanka, Cambodia, Singapore, Malaysia, Egypt, and Hong Kong, sources said.\"Germany, which had blocked the import of Indian grapes for the last two years due to the presence of chemical residue (in 2010), has started placing orders with Indian exporters. Of the total grape export to Europe, Germany contributes around 40%. While exporters are happy on the one hand due to the opening of the German market, they are disappointed on the other due to the decline in grape prices in the European markets,\" said an official from agriculture department.Maharashtra contributes 90% to the country's export of grapes. Nashik district, which is known for producing large quantities of grapes, contributes 75% of Maharashtra's grape export. Nashik district is registering continuous growth in the export of grapes every year. In the last nine years, Nashik's grape exports have increased seven-fold from 3,775 metric tonne (2002) to 35,671 metric tonne (2010). In 2011, grape exports declined by 58% to 15,000 metric tonne following unseasonal rains, which affected vineyards badly.Around 15,499 vineyards with a total area of 10,600 hectares have been registered for the export of grapes by the office of the district agriculture supperintendent officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12202133", "title": "Slew of programmes for Sayajirao's birth anniversary", "text": "VADODARA: Baroda will remember its visionary ruler with a series of programmes on Sunday, which marks the 150th birth anniversary of Sir Sayajirao Gaekwad.Thirty-two trained female artists have come together to put up an art exhibition \"One among others\" in which 150 paintings prepared on various mediums will be displayed at city-based art gallery to commemorate the visionary ruler's birth anniversary. At the same time, M S University's faculty of science, which was set up as Sayaji Jubilee Institute in 1933, will celebrate the occasion by holding an Open House for two days beginning Sunday.\"Before one-and-a-half month, we had started training these 32 women starting from a 15-year-old girl to a 70-year-old woman from diverse professional backgrounds to put up this exhibition on the theme of Sayajirao Gaekwad III,\" says Hitesh Rana, who along with senior artist Ramesh Pandya and Kishan Kurushetty have trained the students at Sarjak, the teaching section of city-based Sarjan Art Gallery.\"The beauty of this exhibition is that the 150 art works prepared by the 32 students will be visualized in the background of 150 candle lights. Canvas has not been used as a medium. Instead we had given 20-inch-high wooden cutouts of Sayajirao and these students have put up mirrors, computer discs, X-ray films, wires, plaster of Paris and even metal to create this art works,\" says Rana, adding that a Swedish student Mili Teruaskanto has also prepared an artwork which will be part of the exhibition that will be inaugurated by member of royal family Radhika Raje Gaekwad on Sunday.At faculty of science, which every year marks Sayajirao's birth anniversary by holding a statue garlanding programme, this year will hold a two-day Open House (Science Fair) that is open for all citizens.\"Children and their parents can visit any of our laboratory and witness live experiments. While our faculty will be displaying some interesting experiments for the visitors, the visitors, too, will be allowed to conduct experiments at our laboratories,\" says dean of faculty of science professor Nikhil Desai. For visitors, the Open House will also provide an opportunity to understand the complexity of Eiffel Tower and the famous painting of Mona Lisa based on mathematical calculations. \"When visitors admire the curves of Eiffel Tower or the mystical painting of Mona Lisa, they probably aren't aware that they are observing a triumph of mathematics. At Open House, there will be presentations on this,\" says Desai,adding that apart from the Open House, the faculty is organizing a poster competition for college students on the theme of 'Science in Daily Life' and quiz for school children to mark Sayajirao's birth anniversary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12190740", "title": "Stop harassing community, state\u2019s bishops tell PM", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu Bishop Council on Thursday flayed the Centre for targeting the Christian community for the protests against the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project and requested Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to stop the \"harassment\". The bishops are pained by the witch hunt, said Archbishop A M Chinnappa.Speaking to reporters here, the council authorities, including Chinnappa and Tuticorin Archbishop Yvon Ambroise, said no one could stop them from giving moral support to the villagers in their protest against the power project. \"Pro-nature is our stand internationally. We request the Prime Minister to stop harassing the Christian community and withdraw the negative injunctions issued against the Tuticorin diocese and grant appropriate relief,\" they said.The council also requested TN chief minister J Jayalalithaa to intervene and bring solace to the Christian community as a mother would for her children.The ministry of home affairs had ordered freezing of bank accounts of the Tuticorin Diocesan Association on February 9 for violation of the Foreign Contribution (Regulation) Act, after a team raided its premises between January 11 and 13.\"We condemn the Centre for its efforts to brand us anti-national. We strongly condemn these accusations and deny the allegations,\" said Bishop Chinnappa.Archbishop Yvon Ambroise said, \"Union government officials asked me to answer 32 questions. After they received our reply, they came to our place in January and searched for documents. But they did not get any evidence on misuse of funds. But the home ministry ordered freezing of our Bank of Baroda account in February. Just because I sympathize with my people, you cannot say I am inciting them.\"The council also alleged that the expert panels constituted by the Centre and the state had avoided meeting villagers in the Kudankulam region.The anti-nuclear protests were not aimed at the Kudankulam project alone; it was an international issue. \"Progress at the cost of human life is not advisable,\" he said. \"Both the Centre and state are giving a wrong impression that we can stop the agitation. But the villagers will go ahead with their protests even without us,\" said Ambroise.In their statement, the bishops said, \"Is it not a clear political vendetta and pressure tactic, a victimization that we never dreamt of from UPA government? We feel the UPA government is out to persecute a community that has a proven record of service and we are sorry to say that it threatens our very existence as a minority community.\"Delhi archbishop Vincent M Concessao has also written to the PM in support of the TN bishops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12191115", "title": "Tirupur cops to present heist suspects", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three burglars, who were arrested in West Bengal in connection with Alukkas jewellery shop heist, will reach Tirupur on Saturday. According to sources, Zia Ul Sheik, Mir Raj Ali and Hakkim Ul Sheik are on their way to Tirupur from West Bengal by train. They will reach Tirupur on March 10 and will be produced before the judicial magistrate court.On February 10, a gang decamped with 38 kilos of gold jewels worth Rs 10 crore from Alukkas Jewellery shop in Tirupur. \"Three special teams are camping in Jharkhand and West Bengal to nab the other three accused who are absconding,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195782", "title": "Chandraprakash Dwivedi upbeat about Upanishad Ganga!", "text": "Ace director Chandraprakash Dwivedi is confident that his latest offering, Upanishad Ganga, will do wellChandraprakash Dwivedi, the man who directed as well as acted as the protagonist in the television epic Chanakya in the 90s, is directing a serial after a very long time and says that while there were moments when the going was difficult, he is very pleased with the way it has turned out. Talking of the soon-to-be-aired Upanishad Ganga, the actor-director, who was in Vadodara for a talk, shares, \"In this serial, the knowledge of the Upanishads will be explained in modern context through stories. Today, television serials are consumed like fast food! People work per day now but in the 90s, one episode would be shot in 10 to 12 days, which ensured that quality never suffered. For the 52 episodes of Upanishad Ganga, I have worked for five long years and researched as extensively as I could! It's very difficult to translate the Upanishads into an audio-visual medium, and there were times when I felt like giving up. But it has turned out very well.\"Dwivedi, who has also directed films like Pinjar, has a couple of films lined up too. \"There is Mohalla Assi starring Sunny Deol, which is a satire on globalization. And I am also directing a film called The Legend of Kunal after that.\" he says. Reflecting on his career, he says, \"Many tell me that I should have been more aggressive about my work. But I have never worked for materialistic gains. Till date, I have not asked anyone for work. Many ask me why I didn't make Chanakya into a film. I feel it would be difficult to recreate the magic. If I ever do it, it won't be for commercial gains. When people ask me who I am, I never tell them that I played Chanakya on TV. I tell them I am a medical professional. I like to stay away from the limelight.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12190533", "title": "Kerala Financial Corporation to tap 200 crore through bond issue", "text": "KOCHI: State-owned Kerala Financial Corporation (KFC), which is aiming to raise its portfolio size to Rs 1,500 crore by the end of fiscal 2012, is planning to raise a further Rs 200 crore through the issue of non-SLR bonds by the beginning of May this year. The second non-SLR bond issue is likely to raise Rs 100 crore with a greenshoe option of the same amount.\"Our first bond issue in November last year was an unqualified success and we expect to do equally well in the upcoming issue. We are entering a new stage of growth in fiscal 2013, and will diversify into sectors like manufacturing, hospitality and entertainment in a bid to increase portfolio size as well as spread risk across different asset classes,\" said Yogesh Gupta, chairman and MD, KFC.KFC plans to diversify in 2012-13 by investing about Rs 500 crore in manufacturing, hospitality, entertainment, films and tele-serials, housing, and real estate projects. The corporation will also formulate new schemes for financial assistance for producing feature films and TV serials as well as schemes for modernizing existing cinema theatres and establishing new multiplexes.The corporation has been professionalizing its management in the past few months and putting in place stronger monitoring mechanisms, one-time settlement offers for old pending cases, objective appraisal and sanction of loans.This, coupled with greater efficiency in recoveries and collections has helped improve quality of advances routed to key sectors.Term loans to MSMEs and emerging entrepreneurs are being offered currently at interest rates of 13.5%, as against 16%-17% charged by banks, and with increased flow of funds, KFC intends to increase its portfolio size in new investment activities, Gupta said.For fiscal 2012, profit after tax is expected to be Rs 40 crore, up from Rs 36 crore last year. \"WThe portfolio size has to be measured based on the quality of advances rather than its size.There has been a substantial improvement in the quality of assets and \"We are able to reduce our net NPAs to below 2%,\" Gupta said.KFC's current advances are Rs 1,200 crore which the company will scale up to over Rs 1,500 crore in fiscal 2012. The revenue target for fiscal 2013 has been in the range of Rs 1,700-1,800 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12201880", "title": "Yaoshang begins with a bang in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: Amid hectic meetings among top Congress leaders to form the party's third consecutive government, the five-day long Holi, locally known as Yaoshang, kicked off with religious fervour, merrymaking and widespread sports and entertainment activities across strife-torn Manipur.Two major events marked Thursday, day one of the Yaoshang festival with thousands of young children, led by prominent sports personalities, lit their torches from the sacred Kangla fort and moved to the local sports complex in the morning. In the evening, Manipuri Vaishnavites burnt the traditional Yaoshang (a small thatch hut) before prayers by local Hindu priests. The event was followed by 'Nakatheng' - an age-old tradition of house-to-house donation campaign by small children and smearing of colours among them.The primary idea to organize Yaoshang sports festival is to stop the energetic youth from indulging in drugs and to encourage sports in the state, said Manglem Singh, a key Yaoshang organiser in Imphal East. \"Like other local clubs and NGOs, we have been organising Yaoshang sports festival in our locality for the last few years and hosts of first-rate athletes have made this movement their launching pads,\" Manglem said. Vaishnavite elders sang devotional songs and danced at Shri Govindajee temple at the historic palace compound and some select houses and worship places during Yaoshang. In the the night, young boys and girls enjoyed Thabal Chongba - a typical Manipuri folk dance.In his Yaoshang greetings to the people of Manipur, governor Gurbachan Jagat said the festival helps people forget their differences and spread the message of love, friendship, brotherhood and unity among them irrespective of caste, creed and religion. \"On this occasion, all of us should resolve to work together for upholding peace, communal harmony, brotherhood and unity in the society,\" the governor said.\"This is the need of the hour and what our society calls for. I am confident that the festival will be celebrated in its true spirit,\" he said, while praying for peace and progress in the state.Chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh said the festival offers an opportunity for the people to set aside their differences and rejoice together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "12197076", "title": "Australia education revenue slumps heavily on declining foreign students", "text": "MELBOURNE: Australia's education sector has registered a massive fall of over 3 billion dollars in revenue from foreign students as number of overseas pupils plummeted, affected by a rapidly rising currency, stiffening of the visa regime and violence against Indians.Latest figures from the Australian Bureau of Statistics shows that the value of international students to the education sector has fallen by a whopping 20 per cent last year but the government has dubbed this decline \"as expected, and a good thing\".Australia's education sector that drew a large number of foreign students, including Indians, is one of the major revenue earners in Australia. However, figures from 2010 to 2011 showed a 3 billion dollar loss.Tertiary Education Minister Chris Evans, while speaking at an education conference in Canberra, said the fall was restricted to vocational colleges which the government had targeted with reforms to stop \"visa rorting\" or dishonest practices, a report in 'The Australian' said.Deloitte's report last year for peak group Universities Australia had predicted a worst-case scenario of just 3 per cent decline in 2011 across all education sectors. However, the figures reveal a 20 per cent fall last year alone.The figures released yesterday show the growth in GDP slowed to 0.4 per cent in the December quarter from 0.8 per cent in the September quarter.More than a third of this can be attributed to losses in international education revenue.In December, international education recorded an earning of 2.8 billion dollars, down from 3.7 billion dollars a year earlier -- a 26 per cent drop.Evans was \"not concerned by the statistics reported and I don't accept the criticism\".\"The fall-off has been in the lower levels of vocational courses and that reflects the government's decision that I made when I was immigration minister to end the migration rorts. That sector was (characterised) by visa-rorting; people being sold a visa rather than an education,\" he said.Among the factors being cited for the drop in foreign students is a rapidly rising Australian dollar since 2009, tightening of the visa regime as well as migration rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12191331", "title": "Holi revelry claims three lives in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Holi revelry claimed three lives in the city on Thursday. Two youth drowned in different water bodies, while another young man died in a road mishap.At around noon, after playing Holi, P Ravi, 21, along with his friends Yadagiri and Ramesh went to bathe in Suryanarayana cheruvu in Godumakunta near Keesara, police said.\"The trio entered the lake and Ravi was walking behind his friends. After a few minutes, Yadagiri and Ramesh turned around and found Ravi had disappeared. After making a futile search, they informed police,'' Keesara sub-inspector Saideshwar said.Police said Ravi, who was into charcoal business, drowned at a location where the lakebed was slushy. He was a native of Amalapuram, but was staying in Godumakunta.In a similar incident, Kalifa, 25, entered the Katamaisamma lake near Dundigal, but drowned. Kalifa went into the water body along with his friend Pandu after playing Holi. Kalifa, a resident of Suraram, was from Tamil Nadu.In the third incident, a 23-year-old person died after the two-wheeler on which he was moving rammed into a pole on Nizam Shahi Road in the wee hours of Thursday.At around 5.30 am, D Suresh and his friend Javed were returning to their residence in Borabanda after a Holi party with their friends in Aliabad on Wednesday night when the incident happened, the Begumbazar police.\"Javed, who was riding, lost control over the bike and crashed into a pole opposite Andhra Bank on Nizam Shahi Road. Javed escaped with minor injuries, but Suresh suffered severe head injuries. He succumbed to injuries while undergoing treatment,'' the Begumbazar police said. Suresh was a businessman, while Javed is an auto driver.\"The duo attended a booze party to celebrate Holi in Aliabad. We suspect that both were in an inebriated condition at the time of the accident.\" police said. A case was registered against Javed under section 304-A of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12198032", "title": "Trai issues consultation paper on auction", "text": "NEW DELHI: Inching closer towards auction of spectrum, sector regulator Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) has issued a consultation paper on the same to seek views of various stakeholders and then give its recommendation to the Department of Telecom (DoT).The key issues raised in the paper are amount of spectrum to be auctioned, liberalization and reframing of spectrum in 800/900MHz bands, structure of auction, spectrum block size, eligibility criteria for participating in the auction, reserve price, roll out obligations, spectrum usage charges and trading.The paper shows 60MHz and 413.6MHz of spectrum will be vacated in 800MHz and 1,800MHz spectrum bands respectively from the cancelation of 122 2G licences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12192387", "title": "Plea to fill vacant posts in railways", "text": "MYSORE: The Nairuthya Railway Mazdoor Sangh (NRMS) on Thursday urged the Union government to fill the long pending Group C and D vacant posts in the railways and restore old pension scheme.Jagadish, divisional president of NRMS, Railway Workshop, South Western Railway, Hubli, also requested the government to merge 50 % of the DA of the employees with the basic pay, provide educational allowances to staff, scrap outsourcing and privatization , and make the pay of contract labourers on a par with that of regular employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12201575", "title": "Farmer found murdered in field", "text": "KANPUR: An elderly man was murdered in Sachendi on Friday morning.Ram Sajeevan (65), a resident of Rebadi village in Ram Singh Ka Purwa went to irrigate his fields on Thursday night. He was attacked by Rajendra and Udaiveer of the same village. Ram Sajeevan had quarrelled with Rajendra over the issue of irrigating the fields.His nephew Tej Singh visited the field on Friday morning and found Ram Sajeevan lying in a pool of blood. He lodged a named FIR against Rajendra and Udaiveer under Section 302 of the Indian Penal Code with the Sachendi police. The body was sent for post-mortem examination.Gamblers arrested: Sunil Kumar and four others were arrested on charges of gambling.Elsewhere, Samuel of Om Purwa, Shani and Sunil of Afeem Kothi were arrested with huge quantity of illicit liquor from their possession. They were sent to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12196282", "title": "Uttar Pradesh Congress chief Joshi offers to resign following poll debacle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Uttar Pradesh Congress chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi on Friday met Congress president Sonia Gandhi and offered to resign owning moral responsibility for the poll debacle.After meeting Gandhi for the first time after the poll results, Joshi told reporters here that she has owned the responsibility for the defeat and offered to step down.She said that the Congress president will decide on the issue in due course.Asked about the reasons for the party's crushing defeat in the assembly polls, Joshi said that there were reasons for it and party leaders will sit down and take stock of.Joshi had said on Thursday that the whole party cadre was collectively responsible for the debacle and it was wrong to engage in blame game at this moment when the party is in crisis in the state.On the day the results were out, Digvijay Singh, party general secretary in-charge of UP, is learnt to have offered to resign. He was, however, evasive on the issue, saying it was between him and the Congress president.Rahul Gandhi has already accepted responsibility for the party's poor showing in UP, even though Congress leaders have made frantic attempts to insulate him from the UP results, saying Gandhi created the wave, which a leader is supposed to, and it was for the cadres and local leaders to turn the wave into votes.The Congress had finished fourth in the elections during which Rahul Gandhi had led from the front and the party could secure only 28 seats.Even in Amethi and Rae Bareli, the pocketboroughs of Gandhi family, the results were a shocker to the party as it managed to win only two of the ten assembly seats. The parliamentary seats are represented by Rahul Gandhi and Sonia Gandhi.Assembly elections 2012 newsUP assembly elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-09"}
