{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13102958", "title": "Next Vibrant Gujarat summit to focus on education", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If multinational corporations and large private sector companies were the focus of the last four Vibrant Gujarat summits, the 2013 edition will see a large number of universities from within and outside the country participating for the first time. Nearly 3,000 to 5,000 square meters of space has been earmarked in the summit this year for university stalls.This is for the first time that the Gujarat government has invited educational institutes to Vibrant Gujarat event mainly to help them forge partnerships with local educational institutions in the state. \"This is necessary as skill development has become an absolute necessity in the wake of a large number of industries setting up their base in the state. Gujarat has one of the most complex matrix of industries in the country. The students from the state should now acquire new skills to work in these emerging sectors,\" says a senior officer of the industrial extension bureau (iNDEXTb) of Gujarat. The officials also added that special seminars on career opportunities, facilities for on the spot university partnership will be the main highlight of the event. In the next two months, officials from the bureau will travel to Europe, UK, US, China, Singapore, some African countries and even Middle East to invite various agencies to the 2013 edition.\"The tour plans are being finalized. Our teams will approach government agencies in these countries to help us reach out to potential investors in various sectors,\" says this iNDEXTb official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13101948", "title": "Accused 'confesses' to killing fiancee", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after the arrest of Santosh Singh, the prime accused in the double murder at Batanagar on May 1, police suspect that Singh was assisted by another assailant in the crime. Singh was produced before the court on Friday and has been remanded in police custody for further interrogation.On Thursday, Singh, who hails from Azamgarh in UP, was arrested from a rented house at Bentick Street in central Kolkata by South 24-Parganas distict police, probably with the help of his father and uncle who work in central Kolkata.Earlier, police had gone to his native place but Singh managed to return to Kolkata. He was finally rounded up after his cell phone details were tracked.Confirming the arrest, Tripathy said, \"The accused admitted his crime. We are probing whether he was alone or someone was with him during the crime.\"Probe revealed that the accused used to study with Antara till 2010 and they shared a close relationship. Singh reportedly told police that he was depressed after Antara went to Bengaluru and started maintaining a distance from him. When Antara came back on leave, Singh reportedly went to her place for reconciliation and asked her to return some of his letters and a diary. Antara reportedly did not behave well which made Singh violent and hence he stabbed Antara and her aunt Shibani with a dagger from their kitchen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13103742", "title": "Axing of rain tree pains Fatorda locals", "text": "MARGAO: \"While the tree was being mercilessly axed, what came to my mind other than the feeling of helplessness was a quote by Scottish-American naturalist and preservationist, John Muir: 'God has cared for these trees, saved them from drought, disease, avalanches, and a thousand tempests and floods. But he cannot save them from fools.\"This was how a nature lover from Fatorda, Suhas Sadekar, expressed his sense of agony as the rain tree overlooking his apartment near the Jawaharlal Nehru stadium was brought down upon the orders of the deputy collector on May 9. Interestingly, the order for axing the tree was issued by the then Salcete SDM, Johnson Fernandes on February 19, 2010, based on an application filed by the Margao municipal council (MMC) under provisions contained in the Goa Preservation of Trees Act, 1984. After an inordinate delay of over two years, the tree which provided pedestrians a cool shade in the sultry sun, was razed by the sharp strokes of a woodcutter's axe on May 9.The SDM's order placed on record the report of the range forest officer who advised that the tree be cut from ground level \"in order to prevent damage to human life and vehicles moving over the tar road.\" Citizens Working Centre (CWC), a people's collective, pursued the matter that finally resulted in the felling of the tree. The death of a tree has stirred the souls of nature lovers.\"I have had many sad days in my life, like everyone else. However, today was one of the saddest. The feeling of helplessness was immense. A couple of days back, the government took a decision to have a major afforestation drive which is a great initiative in itself. In this backdrop what happened here, in front of my building is inexplicable to a common being like me,\" Sadekar told TOI.Sadekar is unwilling to buy the argument that the tree was posing a threat to the safety of the people.\"I am unable to ascertain why the healthy rain tree was killed as it was in the corner of a shop wall and the stadium compound, and there was no question of it coming in anyone's or development's way. Moreover, with the shops and houses outside the line of the tree there was no question of road widening,\" Sadekar said.Prabhakar Timble, a legal expert, has shot off a letter to the district collector expressing his pain and disapproval over the cutting of the \"ageless\" tree. 'The tree was not causing any obstruction to the traffic, did not come in the way of any road widening and was also not a threat to life and property. The reckless cutting down of this timeless green and shade cover is a retrograde demonstration of bureaucratic negligence, unimaginative approach and speaks of intellectual poverty of the officers handling the Trees Act,' Timble said in the letter.The former state election commissioner also made known his desire of taking 'other appropriate steps in this matter, including appealing against the order of the Tree Officer, and also other forms of public action to educate the officers.'Speaking to TOI, Timble urged all nature lovers and citizens to register their protest to the South Goa district magistrate \"through whatever form of communication easy and suitable.\"Nature lovers are planning a protest action next week. Sadekar, meanwhile, has offered a solution to make good the loss to some extent.\"A few rain trees can be planted at the same place and cared for, so that they survive stray cattle and ruthlessly selfish fools. So what, if I may not be able to see a similar full blown forty-year old rain tree outside my balcony,\" Sadekar said, an overwhelming sense of loss writ large on his face.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13103851", "title": "Rare owl rescued in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: The Great Indian Horned Owl, a rare bird of its species, was rescued on Thursday morning by animal activists at Mumbai Naka, from a bunch of crows that had attacked it mid-air.The nocturnal creature was spotted near the Mahamarg bus stand on Thursday morning. A flock of crows had begun attacking it during its flight, as the owl struggled to set itself free. Local animal activists were informed by people in the neighbourhood about the incident and they reached the spot immediately to rescue it.\"A group of about six crows were attacking the owl with their beaks, when it finally fell to the ground between the panels of a flyover currently under construction. It had suffered leg injuries in the attack. The crows chased it as soon as it hit the ground. We managed to hurry to the spot and rescued it,\" said Nikhil Pandit, an activist at the scene.Anil Mali , another activist who was present when the incident occurred, said the owl belonged to a rare species and was last seen in the city a year ago. The activists said that apart from the injury in the leg, the bird was active and would be released in a day or two, after sun down.\"We will have to release the bird in the same place where it was spotted,\" said an activist.At present the owl is being treated by a local veterinary doctor, Sanjay Gaikwad, for the injuries it sustained on its leg during the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "13102622", "title": "ONGC official's kin want stern action", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Three days after TOI highlighted how the sheer negligence of the civic body in Ghaziabad claimed the life of Anil Kumar Tayal, a general manager with ONGC, Ghaziabad police have filed an FIR against the water supply (Jalkal) department. Police had registered a case on Wednesday under section 304A (causing death by negligence).\"We have questioned some persons. It is yet to be ascertained whether the pit was opened by the Jalkal department or a security guard at the park. It seems the pit was opened by Jalkal employees,\" Yadav said.Tayal elder son, Ankur, told TOI that the family would fight to get justice. \"This attitude of the authorities is not acceptable. We want stern action against the officials,\" Arun said. \"We came to know through TOI that two days after my father died, the pit was still open. Had the civic body not been alerted on time, more people could have fallen into the pit,\" Ankur said.The area falls under the jurisdiction of Ghaziabad Development Authority ( GDA), which on Tuesday suspended a junior engineer, M K Sinha, and made an adverse entry in the service book of an executive engineer, S S Shukla, for alleged negligence.Times ViewIt is a welcome development that the civic authority here has been booked for its negligence which has caused a death. However, as we have consistently maintained, if such negligence is to be reduced in future, the penalty must go beyond fixing responsibility on the agency. Individuals responsible must be identified and made to face criminal prosecution for their callous neglect. Further, a portion of the civil damages payable to the victim's family must be recovered from these individuals identified as the real culprits. It is only if the fear of monetary damage and criminal prosecution touches our civic authorities that we will see some action to prevent such mishaps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13106435", "title": "Emraan Hashmi\u2019s too busy for YRF", "text": "They say no one in B-town dares to refuse Yash Raj Films. Unless of course, you happen to be Emraan Hashmi. TOI has learnt that while YRF wanted the actor to star in one of their upcoming films, Mahesh Bhatt's nephew turned down the offer, reportedly because he didn't have dates for the role.It was a few days ago when Emraan visited Yash Raj Studios (Andheri) when the offer was made. Although the actor gave the makers a patient ear, a few days later, he informed them he wouldn't be able to accept it. The saving grace being he didn't keep them waiting too long. So has Emraan grown too big for his boots, courtesy his current hit Jannat 2 , among others? According to industry sources, the actor, who is busy with the promotions of Raaz 3 and Shanghai not to mention gearing up for the shoot of Ghanchhakkar, Ek Thi Daayan , Rensil D'silva's next and possibly Kunal Deshmukh's next as well, did not have dates for the role. Or is it that he didn't find the role meaty enough? Rubbishing such claims, a friend of Emraan told Mirror, \"Not really. The main reason was that he is terribly busy.\"It is learnt the YRF offer came soon after Emraan signed KJo's film to be directed by Rensil D'silva. And while many in the trade feel he should have signed the YRF film as it would have taken him a few notches higher than where he is currently, his friend argued saying, \"There is no point in doing what one cannot do. There are actors who keep producers waiting but Emraan is not that type.\"Another source in the know told us, \"Emraan's decision has sent shock waves through the industry. But it is clear that the man is a thorough professional.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13102129", "title": "Textile units smile as cotton rates slide", "text": "NAGPUR: The textile industry seems to be having the last laugh as cotton prices plummeted to record low in the international market on Thursday having its impact at home the next day. A bullish trend in the commodity's prices last year had left this sector harried, which in 2011-12 lobbied for the rates to come down. Exports were banned in March to bring down domestic rates. Last week, when the ban was lifted, it was with strict quantitative restrictions. The brief upswing was again reversed as the traders eventually saw the fine print of the notification.In a week after the ban was supposed to have been lifted, prices of lint (processed cotton) came down by over Rs 700-1000 a tonne touching Rs 34,000 a candy. There was another jolt with rates falling by Rs 1000 in a day to rule in the range of Rs 33,000 to Rs 27,000 a candy in domestic market on Friday. This was impact of the record fall in US cotton futures to 81 cents a pound-- a reduction of 1.49 cents.Global prices fell after US department of agriculture (USDA) released a report forecasting the global closing stock of 2012-13 at 73.75 million bales as against 66 million bales in 2011-12. The report also predicted a fall in Chinese imports in the coming year. Low rates have hit farm incomes in US too.A ban on exports from India had increased international rates which come down due to the latest USDA report. Opening up of exports last week had a minor impact on the global trends too, sources said.The impact was not as severe on raw cotton prices that only fell by a couple of hundreds touching Rs 3900 to Rs 3800 a quintal on Friday. However, arrivals from farmers have come down to negligible levels with sowing just a month away. With farmers having already suffered losses due to bearish trend, further worsened by ban on exports, this time it was traders' benefit.The ultimate gainer is textile sector, say sources in business. Had the ban, or quantitative restrictions, not been there the rates in India would not have fallen as much. Although US prices on Friday fell due to different reason, scene in India would have been different if exports were allowed without any riders, said Raghav Ahuja of M/s BRA Cotton Mills Private Limited in Delhi.Vedikar Narevekar, a commodities analyst at Angel Broking, said with low sowing expected in coming season the rates are expected to improve. Cotton exports were opened with a condition that no exporter could get a permit to ship more than 10,000 bales at a time. As expected it started bringing down the rates, which fell by around Rs 200 a candy from May 4 onwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13102450", "title": "30-year-old arrested for murdering wife", "text": "NAGPUR: Kondhali police arrested a 30-year-old man for allegedly killing his wife on May 7, earlier this month. Police has claimed that Suresh Motghare killed his wife, suspecting her fidelity, inflicting multiple stab injuries on her. A resident of Gondia district, Motghare had dumped his wife's body at Ringabodi village on Nagpur-Amravati Road but was caught after police managed to establish her identities.Puzzled with the unidentified body, police traced her connection with Amgaon through the purse, found in her blouse, which had a jewellery shop's name and address of Amgaon in Gondia printed on it. Police reached Amgaon trying to establish her identity but returned empty-handed. It was one of the pamphlets that they had pasted near the bus stop at Amgaon, which also had the cops' mobile number apart from the deceased's photograph, helped the cops. One of the victim's kin contacted police. He had also expressed doubt on the woman's husband.Following their marriage, police had learnt that Suresh and Shobha had migrated to Amar Nagar in MIDC in the city around three years ago. They stayed at a rented place and worked as labourers. Suresh often picked up quarrels with Shobha on the issue of her fidelity which created the rift. It was learnt that Suresh lured Shobha to come with him on the pretext of taking her to native place in Gondia. Suresh brought her to Ringabodi near Kondhali in the early hours of the day where he killed her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13104006", "title": "Doctors show Amar Nath Mittal owns property in Chhattisgarh", "text": "BHOPAL: A day after unearthing wealth worth more than Rs 50 crore amassed by Madhya Pradesh health services director Amar Nath Mittal and a junior auditor of the department Ganesh Prasad Kirar, the special police establishment (SPE) of Lokayukta on Friday continued its search and traced more ill-gotten property allegedly owned by them. Mittal and Kirar have been suspended by the department.\"We checked the computer brought from Mittal's office to find out information about more wealth amassed by him. Some documents with us suggest he owned property in Chhattisgarh as well, SPE superintendent Siddharth Chaudhary said.Similarly, he said that they found that Kirar has four more shops in Mansarovar complex. He has also made big investments in shares and LIC policies.\"We are verifying some complaints that was sent to us against the two as well,\" Chaudhary added.On Thursday, the SPE sleuths had raided Mittal's double-storied residence at Shantiniketan colony and unearthed huge wealth including Rs 38.33 lakh cash, 3000 euro, 1080 US and Australian dollar, 270 bhat, 2.193 kg gold, 10 kg silver jewellery of Rs 72 lakh.It was found that the health services director owns 50 acres of land on Kolar Road and two luxury cars worth Rs 34 lakh. The raid at Kirar's residence too uncovered huge ill-gotten wealth gathered by him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13107841", "title": "Ajit Singh invites former ministers to discuss Air India strike", "text": "NEW DELHI: As Air India pilots' strike entered the fifth day, government on Saturday reached out to the opposition parties to discuss ways out of the impasse. Civil aviation minister Ajit Singh has invited his predecessors Sharad Yadav, Rajiv Pratap Rudy and Shahnawaz Hussain for informal talks on the ongoing strike, sources said. Indicating support to the government on the issue, Rudy said, \"The argument given by the erstwhile Air India pilots is bizarre. No government will support them.\"He was of the view that common people could not be harassed because of the strike. The civil aviation minister reached out to Yadav, Rudy and Hussain as the strike by pilots entered the fifth day. Some senior pilots have also sought intervention by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to end the current impasse, claiming the demands of pilots be met as they were \"genuine and just\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13103531", "title": "Kalakshetra board reviews stance, seeks Leela Samson\u2019s return", "text": "CHENNAI: Prompted by an outpouring of public support and pressure from the artist fraternity, the governing board of the Kalakshetra Foundation has passed a resolution seeking Leela Samson's reinstatement as director. The board met on Friday to discuss her resignation from the post as the head of the elite dance academy on April 12.\"The Board notes with regret Ms Leela Samson's resignation from the office of Director, Kalakshetra Foundation. Recognising and appreciating her visionary leadership of this iconic institution over the last 7 years as Director, the Board unanimously expresses its desire to have her back as Director,\" said the resolution signed by the chairman, Gopalkrishna Gandhi.The turnaround in the board's stance came exactly a month after it questioned Samson, 60, on certain irregularities in the functioning of the institute and also raised the issue of an age limit for the Kalakshetra director. Two days after the meeting in Delhi, Samson put in her papers.A source said the board had now unanimously voted to bring her back. Three of the 16 board members were absent at the meeting. \"There was not a single voice of dissent,\" the source said. \"The board has stated what it wants and it is a very positive decision. Now, it is up to Leela to decide,\" the source said.However, Samson's reappointment could still be fraught with legal and procedural challenges. The resolution has asked for a reconsideration of recruitment rules for the post of director and \"resolved to recommend to the Ministry of Culture\" that it consider modifying the rules to enable \"appointment of persons of eminence\" in the fields of classical or traditional art forms and \"modify the stipulation with regards to age suitably.\"\"We will send the letter to the ministry. Procedure will be followed,\" said Gopalkrishna Gandhi, the chairman of the foundation. Samson declined to comment saying that she was still not completely informed about the resolution that had been passed and its contents.After stepping down, Samson had told TOI that the board did not want her continuing in the post as she had attained the official retirement age of 60. \"I am shocked as I was not aware of any rules regarding the age limit. I would not have anything to do with the functioning of the foundation hereafter,\" Samson had said.However, over the last two weeks, her resignation has generated a debate in the artist fraternity about the administration of art institutions. \"The outpouring of public support for Leela Samson has brought attention to the way in which cultural institutions have been mismanaged,\" said dancer Anita Ratnam who collected more than 1,500 signatures in an online petition asking for Samson's return and submitted it to the governing board. \"I am delighted. It's a very positive step that clears the way for Leela Samson's return to Kalakshetra,\" she said.\"It will be a good thing for all the arts institutions if the government decides to reconsider the rules based on this resolution,\" said senior Bharatanatyam dancer and Kalakshetra alumnus VP Dhananjayan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13102101", "title": "Siddiqui shows where bomb was to be kept", "text": "PUNE: In the case of the blast bid on the famous Shrimant Dagdusheth Halwai Ganapati temple on February 13, 2010, the prosecution said on Friday that the arrested Indian Mujahideen (IM) operative, Qateel Siddiqui (27) of Bihar, had shown the anti-terrorism squad (ATS) the place where he had planned to plant the bomb.The police custody of Siddiqui, who was arrested on May 2, was on Friday extended till May 21.Samad Shaikh, assistant commissioner of police of the state ATS, produced Siddiqui before JMFC Swarup Bose, following expiry of his nine days of police custody on Friday.Assistant public prosecutor A V Ausekar submitted that Siddiqui had shown the ATS the place where he had lived in the city on rent and the route taken to reach the temple on the day of the German Bakery blast on February 13, 2010. The blast had killed 17 people and injured 64.Ausekar said the suspect had shown the place where he had planned to plant the bomb. \"The suspect said during custodial interrogation that the plan did not take off since a flower vendor refused to keep the bag containing the bomb, assembled by Siddiqui and absconding suspect Yasin Bhatkal. The duo had planned to trigger the blast using a cell phone.\" Incidentally, Bhatkal is involved in a spate of bomb blasts in the country.Siddiqui had later rushed to Mumbai in a four-wheeler and thrown the bag with the bomb into the sea off Worli. Siddiqui and Bhatkal had then fled to Delhi.The ATS has recorded statements of the concerned witnesses, including the flower vendor, Ausekar said, adding that the suspect was yet to provide details from where he had purchased the bag and cell phone.Demanding that Siddiqui's custody be extended, the prosecution argued that the ATS required time to seize the four-wheeler, recover the bag containing the bomb and identity the people from whom the equipment and explosive substances used in assembling the bomb had been procured. He sought time to identify the associates and others with whom Siddiqui was interacting during his stay in Pune and Mumbai. The Delhi police had arrested Siddiqui and others on November 22, last year.Meanwhile, Siddiqui's counsel A Rehman and his junior Kainath Shaikh argued that the alleged incident took place on February 13, 2010, but the FIR was registered after a delay of 22 months. They said the temple had round-the-clock security and close circuit televisions camerasmaking it difficult for anyone to attempt to plant a bomb. They prayed that Siddiqui should be sent to magisterial custody. since the ATS had repeated the same reasons in the remand report and the reasons cited for seeking further custody were vague.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13101987", "title": "Colleges to offer more courses to meet rush", "text": "KOLKATA: Undergraduate applicants headed for a tough competition for a seat in the leading colleges can take heart from the fact that some institutions are ready to offer more subjects to handle the rush.Shri Shikshayatan College has already applied to Calcutta University seeking permission to start a mathematics honours course and a physics general course. \"We shall limit the seats to 10 students per subject. CU will send its representatives to inspect the infrastructure towards the end of May,\" said teacher in charge of the college Debjani Nag.Loreto College may offer an economics honours course from the 2012-2013 session. \"We hope to start the new course after receiving a go-ahead from CU. The team will inspect on Tuesday and take a call. The number of seats will be decided later,\" said a senior college teacher. She added: \"We will include Art and Dance as optional subjects. We also offer two foreign languages and plan to add one more this year.\"Lady Brabourne College has already decided to increase the eligibility criteria in English honours from 75% in aggregate and subject marks to 75% in aggregate and 80% in subject marks this year. \"The demand is extremely high and the quality of students who apply for the course is poor. Thus, we have decided to raise the bar. It will be followed by an admission test,\" said principal of the college, Siuli Sarkar. She added that a few more strictures are on the anvil. \"Only those students who shall enroll their names from the waiting list will be considered for admissions later incase seats are available. Moreover, the students also will have to apply for hostel accommodation while submitting their forms.\"Asutosh College students will be able to apply and submit applications online. \"We have also decided to introduce honours in environmental science with 30 seats,\" said principal Dipak Kar. The college offers 26 honours courses.St Xavier's College has decided to introduce an honours course in Bengali from this session. \"The state higher education council will approve the sanction of the courses,\" said a senior CU official. The number of seats will be decided after inspection.\"We want 40 seats for a sociology honours course. On Monday, the inspection team will visit the college and decide. We had also sought permission to open two postgraduation courses. But, the university has not shown any positive sign,\" said teacher-in-charge of the Basanti Debi College Moitreyee Bardhan Roy.According to CU sources, Rani Birla College has sought permission to open a Hindi honours course. \"We are forming inspection teams that will be ready to visit colleges from next week onwards. They will inspect the infrastructure and take a call,\" the CU official said.At Sarsuna College, principal Pranab Roy had applied for introducing physics, mathematics and botany honours. \"At present we have 19 honours courses. We have sought permission to introduce three new subjects. We already have a general stream,\" Roy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13104172", "title": "Power crisis hits food processing industries", "text": "INDORE: The food processors in the state are plagued by a host of problems. Disrupted power supply and lack of labour and infrastructure are some of the major areas of concern.\"While power supply is available to us merely for six hours a day, the labourers are difficult to find,\" said MS Bhatia, director, JASCO Agro Farms, adding the labourers were finding the government-sponsored MGNREGA more lucrative.He was speaking at the two-day CII Agribusiness summit, which began here on Friday. He said, \"Dependence on generators costs Rs 11 per unit as against the cost of Rs 4.50 per unit in case of direct power supply from the state-owned electricity department.\"We have plans to install one more food processing plant in Indore for extracting juice from aloe vera, amla, carrot, pomegranate and beetroot, he added.State industries &amp; IT minister Kailash Vijayawargiya told TOI that the horticulture segment was growing in the state. We need to create a name for our own local products. Oranges of Shajapur and Sujalpur and bananas of Burhanpur should be popularised, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13103642", "title": "Birla Institute of Technology 1st batch student lands Rs 43 lakh job", "text": "HYDERABAD: A student of Birla Institute of Technology (BITS), Hyderabad, bagged a whopping Rs 42.9 lakh per annum job offer as the institution's first ever placement season came to a close on Friday. The package was offered by Epic System, a US-based company, to computer science student Kanwar Bajneek.BITS, Hyderabad campus was established four years ago and its first batch of engineering students will pass out this June. Kanwar Bajneek said that he was expecting a good salary as he had scored well in all the semesters. He had to go through a written test and a two-round interview to bag the job.\"I will be placed in Wisconsin , US. I'll be working as a software developer in the coming years,\" Bajneek said.Campus placement officer M G Prasuna said that 80 per cent of the first batch of students had secured placements with an average pay package of Rs 7 lakh per annum. A total of 353 students from the first batch of the institute sat for the placements which run through two semesters.Over 70 companies, including Microsoft, Morgan Stanley , Nvidia , Computer Associates , Samsung , Honda , Shapoorji Pallonji , Chrysler , Deloitte , Micro Semi, L&T;, Google, Polaris, Polycom and Zuari Industries , visited the campus for recruitments, BITS officials informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13102986", "title": "Kingfisher pilots call off agitation", "text": "MUMBAI: Kingfisher Airlines pilots on Friday called off their agitation and returned to work. The pilots were had gone on strike to demand their salaries payable for the month of November.\"The airline management has promised to pay it by May 15. However, we are not sure if they will pay us. It is likely they are lying again,'' a source said. \"However, we have decided not to stay away from work and cause more losses to the airline during this peak season travel time. Pilots are slowly reporting for duties.'' The airline's spokesperson was not available for comment. The agitation did not hit the airline's flights operated to/from Mumbai.Most the airline's pilots based in Delhi had struck work from Wednesday midnight and were joined by pilots in Mumbai by Thursday evening. The pilots had earlier planned to protest from Monday, but they received a letter from Mallya on the same day, saying the salaries will be paid from Wednesday. When no payments arrived, the pilots decided to strike work. Unlike in Air-India, Kingfisher pilots are not unionized, so the decision on whether to report for work or not is taken individually. \"A few pilots who have decided to quit the airline may not report to work, the others though have decided to go back,\" said a pilot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102311", "title": "Land scam: Ashok Malhotra\u2019s bank account to be de-freezed", "text": "NEW DELHI: A special CBI court has allowed de-freezing of the bank accounts of 'chole-bhature' vendor Ashok Malhotra, an accused in a multi-crore land scam, and his family members for recovery of Rs 6.13 crore in tax arrears.\"Accounts freezed by the investigating agency (CBI) are de-freezed to the limited extent whereby the I-T department shall be at liberty to proceed in respect of the amount deposited in the said accounts in accordance with law under the provisions of IT Act,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102235", "title": "Aarushi murder trial deferred", "text": "NEW DELHI: The trial in Aarushi-Hemraj murder case, which was supposed to start on Friday, was deferred till Monday, after the doctor couple filed an application seeking all the CBI documents related to the case. The court of additional district and sessions judge Shyam Lal has listed the matter for May 14, when it will be decided whether the Talwars should be handed over all the documents. However, CBI reiterated that the couple, standing trial for the murders, has been provided with enough documents.Earlier this week, special CBI judge Preeti Singh had sent the case to the sessions court for trial. The couple, who arrived at the court around 10.30am, filed the plea for the documents, including the case reports by the first investigating officer of the Noida police- Dataram Nanoria-and call details.Responding to the Talwars' plea, CBI counsel R K Saini told the court that the agency had provided them with all the relevant documents and had withheld only those which were not being relied upon for their prosecution. The judge asked CBI to give all the documents to the couple \"for the sake of justice\". He, however, fixed May 14 as the next date of hearing for a formal order on the plea, as the couple had filed an application in the court.Meanwhile, Dasna jail authorities have asked Dr Nupur Talwar to seek court permission for writing a book on the twin murders. Sources said the jail authorities seized 17 pages written by her on Thursday. \"We have asked her to take permission from court before writing a book,\" said jail superintendent Viresh Raj Sharma.Lodged in barrack 13, Talwar, who is inmate number 1607, had started writing a book, \"Mystery behind Aarushi's death: Story of an unfortunate mother\".According to jail officials, she has compared the mystery surrounding the Aarushi murder to the unsolved case of Princess Diana, who was killed in a car crash.Sharma said Nupur Talwar had collected information on 10 unsolved murder cases in the world for the book.She was lodged in Dasna Jail on April 30 after sessions judge Shyam Lal rejected her bail application citing prima facie evidence. She is facing trial along with her dentist husband for the twin murders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13102438", "title": "Kush murder: Framing of charges deferred till May 29", "text": "NAGPUR: The framing of charges in the Kush Katariya case has been adjourned to May 29. District and additional sessions judge GJ Akarte on Friday allowed the adjournment following a request by the defence for exemption as one of the accused was in the hospital.Defense counsel Sudeep Jaiswal moved his application before the court requesting for exemption from appearance for Nitin Pugliya who is recuperating from an asthma-related problem at a private hospital. On May 4, Nitin's health did not permit him to appear before the court.While allowing the adjournment, the court urged defence counsel to ensure that the three accused in the case remain present on the next date. Jaiswal, representing the Pugliyas, stated that Nitin may be discharged shortly.While Nitin was away, his elder brother Navin was present along with youngest sibling Ayush. While Nitin and Navin had been granted bail earlier, Ayush is still in jail from where he was brought to court. Navin had to face the wrath of a section of citizens at the court premises on May 4 after the hearing. Security was on alert to ensure that no untoward incident took place. There had been a massive public outcry following the murder of 8-year-old Kush Katariya, who was abducted from the lane in front of his residence at Wardhaman Nagar in October last year. Police had arrested Ayush for the kidnapping and murder while his elder brothers were made co-accused in the case for destroying evidence.On June 1, prosecution is also likely to serve notice under section 294 of criminal procedure code urging the defence to admit or deny the genuineness of certain documents attached to the charge sheet.While special prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam was not present, prosecution was represented by additional public prosecutor Jyoti Wajani. Private counsel Rajendra Daga, roped in by the Katariyas to assist prosecution, said that the case would enter a crucial phase after the charges are framed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "13108012", "title": "Google's Sergey Brin makes strides to find Parkinson\u2019s cure", "text": "NEW YORK: Sergey Brin , the 38-year-old cofounder of Google, is making strides in his quest to find a cure for Parkinson's, a progressive disease his DNA and family history suggest may afflict him as early as 10 years from now.The advances are encouraging for Pfizer and GlaxoSmithKline to pursue a new class of medicines that may become the first to slow the progress of Parkinson's disease in a unique collaboration that Brin is funding.Brin, who began donating to Parkinson's research in 2005, accelerated his giving after he learned in 2008 he has a flawed gene that presents him with a 50% chance of getting the disease by age of 70. So far Brin has donated $132 million, mostly through the Michael J Fox Foundation for Parkinson's Research, to help create a DNA database of 7,000 patients and to support work on the first targeted treatments that aim at the genetic causes of the movement disorder.\"If I felt it was guaranteed to cure Parkinson's disease a check for a billion dollars would be the easiest one I have written,\" he said in an interview. \"Pretty much everybody in the world has or will have some serious condition. How much is it worth to you to have that condition be potentially curable?\" he added.Among the recipients of Brin's largess is his wife's company, which started to create a database of genetic information and which found that Brin had the Parkinson's gene.DEPRESSION AND DEMENTIAWhile existing Parkinson's medicines help with symptoms, they don't slow the progression of the disease, in which brain cells involved in coordinating movement die off, leading to tremors, stiffness, slowness, difficulty in speaking, depression and dementia.Parkinson's afflicts about 1 million people in the US, and 1 in 100 people over age 60. It was first described in an 1817 essay by the British surgeon James Parkinson about six patients with a \"shaking palsy.\"A 2009 study estimated the disease costs Americans $10.8 billion a year, including $6.22 billion in medical costs such as drug treatments and nursing home care, and $4.56 billion more in lost wages and other indirect costs.\"As of today there's nothing specific that Sergey can do about it, but that doesn't mean he can't try to drive change, which we're doing,\" said Wojcicki, founder of closely held personal genomics company 23andMe Inc., in an interview.Brin's mother Brin's mother, Eugenia, a former computer scientist at NASA , first began to suffer with the symptoms in 1997 at age 49. A genetic test developed by 23andMe showed Brin and his mother have the Parkinson's gene. Brin's funding efforts through the Fox Foundation are studying specific blocking mechanisms that may offer the first real treatment to slow the disease.\"I was very surprised to get the result in 2008,\" Brin said. \"I wasn't alarmed. I felt empowered. I felt I could invest in the research,\" said Brin, who has a net worth of about $19 billion.Brin and Wojcicki \"have been hugely helpful,\" said Michael J Fox, the actor who started his eponymous foundation in 2000, nine years after developing Parkinson's disease.\"People of their profile, who are smart and savvy, when they get involved in such a big way encourage scientists to take it seriously and also encourage industry to take it seriously,\" Fox said in a telephone interview.' eBay for research' Wojcicki said the company she founded in 2006 is aiming to create an \"EBay for research\" that would speed discoveries in difficult diseases by connecting doctors and researchers to unprecedented amounts of gene data.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13103309", "title": "Court refuses bail to Pramod Kumar in Paazee scam case", "text": "COIMBATORE: A CBI court here dismissed the bail plea of senior police officer Pramod Kumar on Friday in connection with the Paazee scam.CBI court judge V Ramasamy dismissed the bail petition on four grounds. He said the case is of public relevance and it has been brought to the notice of the court that the accused was not cooperating in the investigation. In this context the court felt the interest of the public must prevail over the personal liberty of the accused.Kumar, an inspector general in Tamil Nadu police, pleaded in his petition that bail be granted to him since he was only accused number six. Accused number one, Rajendran, Tirupur town DSP, and accused number five, Senthilkumar, a head constable, were given bail by the CBI court, the petitioner argued. However, the judge contended that the above mentioned accused were granted bail because the prosecution had failed to file chargesheets against them in the stipulated period of 60 days.The convention is to allow the investigating agency custody of the accused up to 15 days. In Kumar's case, CBI filed a counter petition pleading that they needed to keep him in custody for the entire permissible period and that the investigation would be hampered if he were to be released on bail earlier. Judge Ramasamy agreed with the CBI's contention and said Kumar was an influential person who could tamper with documents and influence witnesses.Kumar was arrested on May 2 by CBI in New Delhi in connection with Paazee forex trading scam. Directors of Paazee had alleged that the IG had taken Rs 2.85 crore as bribe from them. Court gave CBI custody of Kumar for five days from May 3 to May 8.A bail petition was moved by senior advocate Sandeep Kumar on behalf of the IG in the CBI court, which was opposed by the prosecution. Senior lawyer C Gnanabharathi filed a petition before the CBI court on behalf of K Mohanraj, director of the Paazee forex trading firm, opposing the bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13101996", "title": "High court decision clears way for University of Pune vice-chancellor appointment", "text": "PUNE: The Bombay high court on Friday dismissed a public interest litigation challenging the appointment process for a new vice-chancellor at the University of Pune. This paves the way for the stalled process to move further.The governor and chancellor of the state universities will soon conduct an individual interaction with the five candidates, who were shortlisted for the top job by the VC's search committee, following the interviews held at Yashada in January.Thane-based activist Suresh Patilkhede had filed the petition on the grounds that the three-member search committee, constituted by the state government, was not in accordance with the UGC's regulations of 2010.As per the guidelines of the UGC, a member of the commission should be the part of the search committee.The three-member committee set up by the state did not have a UGC representative, as the move is not mandatory under the Maharashtra University Act, 1994. The PIL had challenged the validity of the Maharashtra Universities (Amendment) Ordinance, 2009, which amended certain provisions of the Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994.The government, in response, argued that the conflict between newly-added provisions of the Maharashtra Universities Act and that of the UGC Act were minor and did not warrant a court order declaring the state statute illegal. Also, the UGC itself had not raised any objection to the amendment, the government said.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar accepted the government's arguments and dismissed the PIL. The governor, who is the chancellor of all universities in the state, can now finalise the vice-chancellor from the five candidates shortlisted by the search committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13104526", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav to give stern message to non-performers", "text": "LUCKNOW: When chief minister Akhilesh Yadav comes face to face with DMs and police chiefs of all the 70 district at his maiden review meeting next week, his message would be clear: Shape up, or ship out. At a function in the city on Thursday , when the chief minister was asked about the steps he was intending to take to check the rising crime graph, he said: \"Able and hardworking police officers will get all the freedom to work but non-performers will not be tolerated at any cost.\"Extensive preparations are under way on war footings to map the incidents of heinous crimes reported after the Samajwadi Party (SP) came to power about two months ago. The highlight of the exercise is to identify regions where the present sets of officers were unable to contain crime. Sources say transfer-posting of district police chiefs was completed with the reshuffling of 63 of the total of 73 district police chiefs on March 28. Sources say that the chief minister didn't not convening a crime review meeting earlier was to allow sufficient time to the district level officers to settle themselves at their new posting . \"With almost a month and a half in hand, none of the non-performers can say that they did not get enough time to understand the crime situation of their area,\" said a senior IPS officer at the DGP headquarters.Sources say more than the crime statistics, the performance of police officers would be assessed on the basis of the crime cases worked out by them. The state top brass has also worked out new parameters to assess the actual crime scene of any particular region. These include complaints of extortion or cases of robbery, dacoity and kidnapping as the frequency of such cases is directly proportional to the active presence of criminals in the particular region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13103900", "title": "Expert panel set up to probe illegal drug approvals", "text": "NEW DELHI: A three-member expert committee has been set up under the chairmanship of the director general of Indian Council of Medical Research to examine the illegal drug approval procedures exposed recently by the parliamentary standing committee on health.TOI had reported on Thursday how drug companies have been caught red-handed writing scientific recommendations of their own drugs and submitting them to the Drug Controller General of India after getting them endorsed by top doctors for a quicker marketing approval.Health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad appointed Dr V M Katoch to head a panel that will examine the validity of the scientific and statutory basis adopted for approval of drugs without clinical trials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13103654", "title": "A neo-literate's fight to ensure right to education for poor", "text": "MANGALORE: When a section of society's elite and educated are apprehensive of the necessity of Right to Education Act (RTE), a 58-year-old, who has never been to school, is pitching in his mite to take its benefits to poor children. Badila Hussein, who learned to read and write during a literacy drive in 1990-91, is campaigning to spread awareness on the act across the district.Hussein gives lectures on RTE and organizes movements in support of it through Dakshina Kannada Jilla Navasaksharara Sangha, an organization of neo-literates formed by him to fight social injustices.His crusade against illiteracy started way back in 1999 when the state government rejected a proposal for opening a school at Gandibagilu in Koyla gram panchayat in Puttur taluk. Officials concerned rejected the proposal on grounds of non-availability of land. \"The land was there, but the department of forest was reluctant to part with it,\" he said.A neo-literate, Hussein, decided to fight the issue legally and studied rules related it. He wrote to the forest department and the district administration a number of times to bring into their note several provisions in the law that mandate the department to allot land for schools. His fights yielded result in 2000 with the forest department allotting 10 acres for Gandibagilu Government Higher Primary School, which now has classes from I to VIII. \"My dream is to ensure that no child in my village is deprived of his/her right to education. Though the government had sanctioned the school, I had to struggle a lot to make it functional as there were no funds to construct a building. With the help of villagers, we pooled in money and started the school in a rented building. Now the school is functioning out of its own building,\" Hussein said.His contributions in the field do not end there. Hussein started an exclusive coaching centre for school and college drop-out girls. \"With the help of an NGO and villagers, I started the centre about four years ago. Four girls, who had abandoned studies after failing to clear PUC, have completed graduation successfully from the centre. Likewise, 11 girls, who had failed in SSLC, are now pursuing higher education after clearing the board exam.His battle is not limited to education alone. The power of literacy inspired Hussein to launch a fight for a separate gram panchayat for Layla village. There was a proposal to club Layla village with a nearby gram panchayat. Hussein, armed with a thorough study of Panchayat Raj Act, launched another legal battle seeking separate gram panchayat status for his village. Hussein won the battle here too. He was also instrumental in providing title deeds for about 50 cashew farm workers in the village.Committee to monitor RTE implementationMembers of various organizations including Ahinda, an organization of backward, minority and dalits, has formed a committee to keep an eye on the implementation of Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act in the district.The Dakshina Kannada District Right to Education Monitoring Committee (DKDRMC) will soon launch various awareness campaigns to make the implementation effective in the region. The committee members resolved at a meeting held here on Thursday that the government should take initiatives to take legal action against officials, who show lapses in the implementation.The committee's district convener Renni D'Souza said that it is the responsibility of the department of public instructions and educational institutions to make honest efforts to put the act into practice properly. \"The state should protect all government schools and it should not take a decision to close any government schools at any circumstance,\" he urged. Members of Federation of Education Resource Centres (FERC), Federation of School Development and Monitoring Committees (FSDMC) and Campaign Against Child Labour - K (CACL-K) are also part of the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102694", "title": "Lucky shower makes Friday pleasant", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two days of searing heat finally gave way to an extremely pleasant Friday with the maximum temperature falling below 40 degrees for the first time in four days. With a cloudy sky and light rainfall over many parts of the city around 4pm, the afternoon recorded a high of 39.2 degrees while the minimum temperature was 26.6 degrees Celsius, one degree above normal.\"I stepped out of the house in the morning when it was still quite hot and sunny. By afternoon the humidity levels had gone up and by early evening, the weather had changed completely. My office is on Barakhamba Road so we left early and went to CP for drinks and dinner. We wanted to make the most of the day since this weather is definitely not going to last,\" said Sharmila Singh, who works for a travel agency.The Met department has predicted below normal temperatures for northwest and central India in the next two days with the possibility of dust storms and thundershowers over a few places in Delhi, Punjab, Haryana, west Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan. \"The presence of a western disturbance over north Pakistan and adjoining Jammu &amp; Kashmir has led to the change in weather. Safdarjung recorded trace rainfall while 0.3mm rain was recorded at Palam on Friday. There is a slight possibility of more rain over the weekend. Delhi University recorded the lowest maximum of 37.4 degrees Celsius,\" said a Met official.The department also issued an alert for thunder squalls with wind reaching a speed of 50-60 kmph at a few places in Punjab, Haryana, Delhi, Rajasthan and west UP till Sunday evening.More rain has also been predicted for the hills. Met officials said rain and thundershowers were expected over areas of Jammu &amp; Kashmir and some places in Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand in the next 48 hours after which rainfall activity would decrease. A fall in maximum temperatures by 2-4 degrees is also expected over northwest and central India till Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "13103589", "title": "Assault by MLA: Belgaum bandh called on Monday", "text": "BELGAUM: A number of organizations, including Maharashtra Ekikaran Samiti (MES), have called for a Belgaum bandh on Monday to protest against alleged attack on Basavaraj Srishailappa Javali, president, Belgaum Chamber of Commerce ( BCCI ), by Belgaum (South) MLA Abhay Patil.The decision was taken at a public meeting at Maruti Mandir in Maruti Galli here on Thursday. It was attended by leaders from different political parties and other organizations.The meeting also decided to hold a rally from Shivaji Garden, Shahapur to DC's office demanding arrest of the MLA.Javali, in his private complaint against Patil in the Market police station on Wednesday, alleged that Patil locked him and four of his associates in his private office on Dharwad road on April 30 and assaulted them.Congress leaders Anil Potadar, Sanjay Sateri, MES leaders Sambhaji Patil, T K Patil, Shivaji Sunthakar, Sri Ram Sene's Ramakant Konduskar, Shiv-sena's Prakash Shirodkar, former mayor Vijay More and industrial fraternity was present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13103731", "title": "Far from target, House junks debate on MDG", "text": "NEW DELHI: When Parliament meets on Sunday to commemorate 60 years, it will see an open-ended discussion on the \"journey\" of the institution since a proposal to debate the UN Millennium Development Goals ( MDG) had to be junked due to India's uneven progress.Discussions on a theme for the special session saw the millennium goals being seen as a suitable subject that was sufficiently non-partisan, and would allow MPs to take up serious issues that they are often accused of ducking in the heat of politics.The goals - set in 1990 and due to be achieved by 2015 - include targets like halving the proportion of people who live on less than $1 a day and population below the poverty line, children under five who are under-nourished and total coverage for kids eligible for primary education.While the millennium goals are laudable, it was found that India is quite adrift of targets. In case of the UN goal to halve the proportion of population that lives on $1 a day, a National Sample Survey Organization report shows that close to 70% population is still lives under $2 a day.The government is struggling to get Right to Education Act properly off the ground, and universal coverage at primary level is still some way off. Targets for net enrollment rations and percentages of students reaching grade five are also not on track.With gender equality, child mortality, combating disease like malaria and improvements of slums proving to be a stiff challenge, the millennium targets were quietly dropped as a likely theme for MPs on Sunday.It was thought that a topic as omnibus as \"the 60 years' journey of Indian Parliament\" might suit the occasion. It certainly leaves the field wide open for MPs to speak on just about any subject, or a range of subjects while also solving the problems of selecting a theme that does not prove to be an embarrassment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13107150", "title": "Sneha Ullal working on her own script", "text": "After making waves with her short videos on the internet, Sneha Ullal is now working on her own script. She might well be directing a movie soon. It is learnt that the green-eyed-actress has chanced upon an idea that has caught her fancy and is keen on turning it into a movie. \"I have a great idea for a movie script and I am very excited about it. I am keen on working on it and turn it into a movie. I am planning to meet a few producers,\" says Sneha. However, the actress is unwilling to share too many details about the script. \"All I can say is that it is a pretty whacky script. Something, that hasn't been attempted in Indian cinema before,\" she adds. Sneha has just signed up to play the lead in a heroine centric film, Mythri. She is playing a princess in the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13104182", "title": "Misbranded food products flood markets in Indore", "text": "INDORE: The problem of misbranding is on the rise in the city, especially when it comes to food products. For starters, misbranding means wrong packing number and dates on the product. This problem is as dangerous in nature as the adulteration was.Out of a total of 80 samples of various products as collected by the food department based on complaints since the coming into force of the food safety Act, 2006, nearly half of them were found to be misbranded.The manufacturers normally involve themselves in such illegal acts to cheat the customers so as to keep their cash register ringing, say experts. First, by not mentioning the batch number and date of manufacturing of the product, they can simply keep selling the product even beyond the expiry date, add they.Talking to ToI, Manish Swamy, food safety officer, said that we have started working according to the provision of the new Food Safety Act. Forget adulteration, the misbranding of the products by the manufacturers has become a big problem in the city, said Swamy. It is why we have issued only 130 fresh licences as against 1000 applications received by us from the prospective food traders, said he.Meanwhile, the Federation of Madhya Pradesh Food Product Manufacturers and Sellers Association is planning to call on the opposition party parliamentarians in New Delhi shortly to urge them to raise voice against the Food safety Act in Parliament. It was confirmed by the president of the federation, Ramesh Khandelwal.The federation has already sent its suggestions on the act to the food authority of India for its perusal. Still, Khandelwal made it clear that the Federation was also against the menaces like adulteration and misbranding in the food products.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13102485", "title": "High court seeks government's response on 'Z' security to Upadhyay", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court on Friday sought the state government's response on providing Z-category security to former minister Ramveer Upadhyay during his visit outside UP. A bench of Justice DP Singh and SUZ Siddiqui posted the matter on May 29. Upadhyay's lawyer Sameer Kalia pleaded that the former minister has the security cover within UP, but he has life threat outside UP also.Meanwhile in another case, the bench turned down Upadhyay's request to direct Lokayukta to provide copy of recommendations made to the state government. The court observed that Upadhyay's lawyer could not show any role under which, it was mandatory for Lokayukta to furnish copy of the recommendations. The court suggested that the same could be obtained under RTI Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13102519", "title": "Lucknow Municipal Corporation demolition men on the rampage in city of hot words", "text": "LUCKNOW: An anti-encroachment drive carried out by a joint squad of Lucknow Municipal Corporation and Lucknow Development Authority ended up in a brawl over parking of vehicles by a car showroom owner in Vidhan Sabha Marg on Friday.It all started after the squad reached Burlington crossing and started towing away the vehicles. The squad had barely lifted a couple of vehicles parked on a footpath when a car show room owner, JK Agarwal and his staff intercepted them. They showed the squad two beacon sporting cars which they had left untouched.\"Why only us? Can't they see the government vehicles flouting traffic norms? They had come to target us,\" declared Agarwal, who claimed of being pushed and pulled by the squad members after he objected to the drive. \"They pushed me and broke the glass. One of them even threatened me of dire consequences, if I tried to act smart,'' he alleged. Agarwal said that he has been avoiding parking of vehicles on the road and instead use the foot path. \"But I ensured that it does not cause any inconvenience to the commuters,\" he said, and added, \"On the other hand they did spot the beacon sporting cars parked on the road. But they said that they won't touch them as they are government vehicles.\"LMC officials however defended the drive claiming that it was the owner and his men who created ruckus after we reached the spot. \"We have been receiving complaints about the owner of parking vehicles all along road, right up to the OCR building. It was causing traffic snarls,\" said Atul Krishna, the enforcement officer of LMC.\"The staff started shouting at us and used abusive language,\" said Krishna, and added that the staff called the enforcement officers 'beggars' who had come on a 'vasooli' (extortion). He said that the matter will be reported to the higher ups and accordingly action will be taken.Refuting the allegations levelled by Krishna, Agarwal said, \"They are scripting false allegations against me. I never said so. They towed away four of my luxury vehicles. I told them that I won't park the vehicles even on the road. But they were hell bent on damaging them.\"Agarwal alleged that the officials even threatened of towing away vehicles from the showroom itself. \"This is too disgusting on the part of authorities, which claim of working for the benefit of the residents. Is this the way to behave with the common man,\" Agarwal questioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13102123", "title": "Close shave for people as fire breaks out in building", "text": "PATNA: Panic prevailed among the residents of multi-storied Capitol Tower Block-B on Frazer Road after a fire broke out in the electric cables of the building due to short circuit on Friday afternoon. The Tower has several residential flats, restaurant and offices of different companies.At around 3.05 pm, smoke started billowing out from the first floor of the apartment as the electric cables caught fire. Since the building is located in prime locality, a large number of people assembled outside the building. Soon, the fire spread to the electric duct up to the fourth floor of the building. A few persons managed to come out of the building immediately while several families, particularly children, were trapped in the apartment. The employees of the offices downed their shutters.On getting information, DSP (Town) Ramakant and policemen from Gandhi Maidan police station reached the spot, removed the crowd and cordoned off the area. Soon, six fire tenders reached the spot in quick succession and the firemen started dousing the flames. \"It was very difficult to operate as the narrow staircase of the apartment was filled with heavy smoke,\" said a fireman. Some of the firemen had to cover their faces with towels to save themselves from smoke.Some of the trapped people reached the roof of the apartment and were in constant touch with their kin on their cellphones. A family had gathered at the balcony of their flat, with a little girl looking quite nervous. An elderly person, who had purchased nylon ropes, threw it on the second floor from the ground to enable his trapped family members to get down. The crowd, however, asked them not to try it due to the danger involved.Later, firemen brought a long ladder and helped some persons to get down, bringing relief to their well-wishers. One of the youths climbed to the second floor with bottles of chilled water for the trapped families.At around 4.10pm, the firemen managed to completely douse the flames, making the trapped families heave a sigh of relief. \"Now you are safe and can come down,\" shouted a person while waving at his wife.Senior section officer, Indian Railways, Hajipur, Fazal Imam said the fire broke out around 3.05pm and soon spread in the entire building. He said that he had come to the apartment for some work and was trapped inside.State fire officer Ramesh Chandra said the construction of the apartment was faulty as the staircase has been constructed around the lift.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102157", "title": "Ambedkar-Nehru cartoon issue: NCERT decides to take toon off books", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Ambedkar-Nehru cartoon that stormed both Houses of Parliament on Friday will not be seen again in Class XI political science books now. After receiving a missive from the HRD ministry, National Council of Educational Research and Training (NCERT) has decided to remove the cartoon from the next lot of books.The cartoon, created in 1948 by eminent political cartoonist Shankar, shows B R Ambedkar, chairman of the drafting committee, riding a snail with Jawaharlal Nehru standing behind with a whip in his hand. The cartoon was added to the political science textbook of Class XI called 'Indian Constitution at Work' in 2006.\"NCERT has decided to follow the ministry's direction and withdraw the cartoon from the political science books. We have not printed any books this year but we will make sure the lot printed next year does not have the cartoon,\" said a senior NCERT official. He added that the books already available in the market cannot be withdrawn. \"But then it's for sure that the cartoon will not be a part of the textbook anymore,\" he said almost with a heavy heart.The cartoon was added to the textbook following the national curriculum framework which stressed on making learning \"more joyful and interesting\". The Ambedkar-Nehru cartoon was one of the many cartoons introduced in the book as part of NCERT's objective to make the textbooks more engaging and illustrative for students. \"The cartoon has been there in the book for six years. It was not supposed to be derogatory to Ambedkar or the drafting committee,\" the official explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13102729", "title": "Gadgil lauds chief information commissioner's order on e-report", "text": "MUMBAI: Botanist Madhav Gadgil, lead author of the Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel report, has welcomed the chief information commissioner's order to make the report public.Activists had sought the order under the Right to Information Act. The public information officer declined to make the report public on the grounds that it would hurt the scientific and economic interests of the state. Later, activists filed an appeal before the CIC. CIC Shailesh Gandhi had directed the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) to upload the report on its website by May 10. The order has been challenged by the MoEF in the Delhi high court.The report was submitted to the MoEF in August 2011. \"They had informed us that the report would be made public on September 20, 2011. I had even prepared a presentation on the report for the occasion. But on September 19, they informed us that the report would not be made public,\" Gadgil told the TOI.The Western Ghats pass through Gujarat, Maharashtra, Goa, Karnataka, Kerala and Tamil Nadu. All the state governments have opposed the report being made public.The botanist has translated the CIC order in Marathi so that more people become aware of the reasons why the report must be made public.He said the order would be discussed at the Kerala Shastra Sahitya Parishad on Sunday.In his order, Gandhi had argued that disclosing a report or information does not mean that the government has to follow it. \"It may have to explain the reasons to the public for disagreeing with a report. This cannot be considered as prejudicially affecting the scientific and economic interests of the state. If such reports are put in the public domain, citizens' views and concerns can be articulated in a scientific manner. If the government has reasons to ignore the reports, these should be put before the people,\" reads the order.The report has recommended that the Western Ghats, a biodiversity hotspot, be declared an ecologically sensitive zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13103395", "title": "Thunderstorm to bring relief from scorching heat", "text": "LUDHIANA: Bringing hope of respite from the hot weather, weather experts predict chances of wind storm or thunderstorm in the coming days, which in turn will bring the temperature down. The maximum temperature on Friday though was a degree more than normal for this time of the year; was less by 2.6 degrees celsius than the temperature recorded on Thursday.Says Kulwinder Kaur Gill, associate agro-meteorologist at PAU, ''There are chances of windstorm or thunderstorm till May 12, because of the western disturbances. However, after May 12 the temperature is likely to increase gradually with each passing day. However, humidity continued to remain around 40% in the morning and 20% in the evening, as the relative humidity increases only around June 15 during pre-monsoon showers.''Says Gagandeep Singh, a private sector employee and resident of BRS Nagar, ''Yesterday it was very hot as the temperature crossed 40 degrees celsius mark. I preferred to stay indoors and went out only in the evening with my family when the temperature decreased. However, today the temperature was a bit lower than yesterday. The news of thunderstorm or windstorm is a welcome one as it will surely bring respite from the scorching heat.''Aastha Sharma, a student and resident of Model Gram, says, ''I prefer to stay inside during day as its getting hotter each day. I'm glad that I don't have to go to college as I have already appeared for my annual exams. I feel that the best way to beat the heat is to stay indoors and take lot of fluids.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13106269", "title": "Statistical highlights of Pune Warriors-Royal Challengers Bangalore IPL match", "text": "PUNE: Statistical highlights of the IPL match between Pune Warriors and Royal Challengers Bangalore on Friday:# Pune Warriors became the first team to lose seven consecutive games in IPL 2012 between April 24, 2012 and May 11, 2012, equalling their losing streak of last year between April 17, 2011 and May 4, 2011.# Tillakaratne Dilshan recorded his ninth fifty in the IPL - his third in the present competition. Dilshan's 53 off 44 balls is his 18th fifty in Twenty20.# In the course of his innings, Dilshan completed his 1,000 runs in the IPL - 1,016 (ave.29.02) in 44 games.# Chris Gayle has recorded 43 sixes in the current IPL - the second best tally in the competition. Gayle had hit 44 sixes last year - a record for most sixes in a season.# Gayle's tally of 113 sixes is also an IPL record.# Gayle has totalled 1643 runs at an average of 48.32 in 40 matches in the IPL. His aggregate includes two hundreds and 12 fifties.# With 11 MOM awards in the IPL, Gayle has equalled Yusuf Pathan's tally.# Gayle has become the first player to get four Man of the Match awards in the IPL 2012. Gayle has become the first player to receive 20 MOM awards in Twenty20.# Gayle is the first batsman to register seven fifties in the IPL 2012.# Robin Uthappa is the top run-scorer for Pune in the IPL 2012, aggregating 391 runs at an average of 30.07 in 14 matches.# Manish Pandey is the first player to post four ducks in the present tournament.# Shane Warne, Amit Mishra, Parthiv Patel and Manish Pandey jointly hold an unwanted feat of most ducks (7) in the IPL.# Pune Warriors have lost all three games to Bangalore in the IPL.# With 15 points in 13 games in the IPL 5, Royal Challengers Bangalore are placed third in the points table behind Delhi (18) and Kolkata (17).# Steven Smith's performance in the present edition is 325 runs (ave.40.62)in 14 matches at a strike rate of 137.71.# Pune Warriors (138/9) recorded their lowest total against Bangalore in the IPL.# In the first six overs, Bangalore recorded 66 without losing any wicket - their highest in the Powerplay in the IPL 5.# Gayle has amassed 572 runs at an average of 57.20 in 12 matches, extending his record in the present edition.# Ashok Dinda (9 at 18.77) and Rahul Sharma (9 at 29.88) are the leading wicket-takers for Pune in the IPL 5.# Vinay Kumar (13), Muttiah Muralitharan (12) and Zaheer Khan (11) are the leading wicket-takers for Bangalore in the IPL 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13102937", "title": "Panel rejects amended open space policy", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC improvements committee on Friday rejected the proposal of the amended open space policy. The committee has decided to collect suggestions and objections from the members by May 20, after which 45 days will be given to the administration to implement them and come up with a new proposal.Ram Barot, chairman, improvements committee, said: \"We did not receive satisfactory answers to all our queries because of which we decided to record it.\"In its new policy for open spaces in the city, corporators said that the BMC had once again opened the doors for the adoption-and-caretaker basis criteria to grab the city's open spaces. The policy is applicable to private and municipal grounds, gymkhana, gymnasium, swimming pools, sports club and gardens. The policy is applicable to RG plots that are over 5,000 sq m.\"The policy seems to favour those who are financially strong. In each stipulation, the financial position of the applicant will be kept in mind while allotting the plot. This will favour posh residential complexes and big developers with funds in hand,\" said a corporator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13095123", "title": "Poorna was discovered while walking a friend\u2019s dog", "text": "Poorna Jagannathan, the journalist from 'Delhi Belly', on Indian girls getting more roles in Hollywood and the stroke of luck that got her into the filmi world\"I was in India for a wedding and met up with my old friend Arjun Bhasin because I desperately needed a blouse,\" she says, adding, \"At that time, Arjun was doing costumes for \" Delhi Belly \" and while we were taking his dog for a walk on Carter Road (in Mumbai), he suddenly said, \"I think I may have something for you\". He called Jim, the producer, and set up an audition. Serendipity really. I had a great audition because the writing was so good. I felt like I didn't have to \"help\" the comedy along - I just had to say the lines and do what was in the script and that would be enough.\" So, \"Aamir happened, and my family was overjoyed,\" she says.While Bollywood's an important part of her life now, Poorna's not letting go of her American commitments. The actress, who sporadically shoots for \" Royal Pains \", has recently filmed \"Peace, love and Misunderstanding\" with Jane Fonda and Catherine Keener , and \" Thanks for Sharing \", which stars Gwyneth Paltrow , Tim Robbins , Mark Ruffalo and Josh Gad. And Poorna also feels that the scene today reflects a transition from the time Indians were not considered for many roles. She says, \"There's actually been a dramatic shift. I think Frieda Pinto single-handedly changed the landscape. Ever since \" Slumdog Millionaire \", there's been an increase in roles for Indian women. I was in New York recently and I was up for mainstream roles that weren't open to me 5 years ago.\"Poorna also runs a brand consultancy named \" Cowgirls and Indians \" in America, something that helps her \"say no to scripts that are not right\" for her, and keeps her mind \"from deteriorating while waiting for projects\", she says. But for the moment, all her focus is on Bollywood, and she's working hard to strike it rich there, including brushing up her Hindi skills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13106646", "title": "Meet the man who put Apple into \u2018Mission Impossible\u2019", "text": "Jon Holtzman said there was internal fighting at Apple over his idea to do a promotional tie-in with 'Mission Impossible.'Back in 1996, Apple was in trouble - far worse than the public even knew. So when Jon Holtzman pitched management on a sweeping promotional tie-in with the new movie \" Mission Impossible,\" some executives scoffed.\"It was a big fight internally,\" said Holtzman, a marketing manager at the time. \"There were those who said, 'Why would you want to have anything to do with a movie called \"Mission: Impossible\" when we were struggling?' To me, I thought it was perfect because the 'Mission: Impossible' guys always succeeded in the end.\"As did Holtzman, who prevailed with the support of marketing executive Satjiv Chahil and others. For several years prior, Holtzman had been laying the groundwork for getting Apple's products into movies and TV shows, building up a Rolodex of set designers and prop masters and securing an inventory of products that could be delivered to them in short order (read more in the story Andy Fixmer and I did this week in Bloomberg Businessweek).The strategy started to work, to the point that when Apple executives hesitated to embrace his proposals, he would half-jokingly tell them that \"you may only have 10 percent market share in the real world, but I have 90 percent market share on the silver screen.\"The promotion in \"Mission: Impossible\" solidified Apple's leadership in the not-always-so-subtle art of product placement. In exchange for a leading role for its PowerBook laptop in the movie, Apple agreed to heavily promote the film in its TV ads and to create an online \"Mission: Impossible. The Web Adventure,'\" where fans could click around virtual locations for clues to a spy mystery using Apple's then-edgy Quicktime VR.Ever since, rumors have circulated that Apple paid at least $5 million for the PowerBook's starring role. Part of the reason for the speculation was the fact that Cruise allowed his carefully-guarded visage to be used in the ads.Holtzman insists that's not the case, and that the $5 million was the amount it planned to spend on a new ad.\"Please kill that rumor,\" he said.But Cruise's image almost didn't appear in the ads. As the premiere for \"Mission: Impossible\" approached, Cruise asked to see the promotional materials that had been created. Sitting in the star's van on the set of \"Jerry Maguire\" along with a Paramount Pictures executive, Cruise asked why he wasn't shown in one of Apple's posters for the movie. The answer was that the studio's rules forbade it, for fear Cruise's image would be pirated online.Holtzman, stealing a glance at the Paramount executive, told Cruise, \"You want it to be you? It's you.\" A few months after the film came out, Holtzman left Apple to start product placement firm Eclipse Worldwide, whose clients include Polycom, Jawbone and Symantec . He quickly learned that wooing producers and prop masters was a lot tougher when you weren't from Apple.\"I quickly learned just how easy my day job had been,\" he said. \"The Apple brand is so cool that people want to be associated with it. You didn't even have to tell anyone about the latest products, because they already knew about them. It really wasn't a sales job.\"Placing most companies' products definitely is a sales job, especially if you're trying to go up against Apple. But he does see some signs of a backlash to Apple's huge popularity in Hollywood .\"There's a small number of producers who absolutely will not use Apple products,\" he said. With its massive market share among the glitterati and huge cash hoard, \"the feeling is that 'there's absolutely no way I'm going to give that company more free publicity.'\"--By Peter Burrows", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13104113", "title": "Noose tightens around Aadhaar fraudsters", "text": "HYDERABAD: The noose seems to be tightening around the 'errant' employees of Infrastructure Leasing &amp; Financial Services (IL&FS;) Limited with cops finding clinching evidence of their involvement in the Aadhaar card registration fraud.As part of the probe, a special team of South Zone police scrutinized the application forms pertaining to the 870 Aadhaar card enrollments done in Biometric Exception (those without fingers and eyes) category in Old City. However, when it came to light that none of the individuals enrolled in this category was found at the specified addresses, the sleuths were forced to check the supporting documents at the Hewlett Packard office at Madhapur where Aadhaar applications are being digitized.Upon verification, the cops found that in most of these application forms, though the ration card was mentioned as both proof of identity and proof of residential address, a photocopy of the same was not attached with the application. \"This point clearly proves that the entries have been made in a fraudulent manner,\" said an investigating officer.Initially, UIDAI informed the state government that Mohammed Ali of Vattepally in Falaknuma, who has been working as the data entry operator with the enrollment agency IL&FS;, has done around 30,000 enrollments in Old City in just six months, which include the 870 entries. However, IL&FS; informed the police that Ali was terminated from service in September 2011, which made it clear that somebody else has been using his login details to continue the enrollment process after him.When police asked IL&FS; to give a list of operators who used Ali's login to do the enrollment work in 20 centres of Old City, the agency came up with a name Mujeeb. After two weeks of investigation, police were sure that the fraud has been executed right under the supervision of several IL&FS; office staff. So, apart from Ali and other operators, several supervisory staff of IL&FS; posted in Hyderabad are likely to get arrested, said an investigating official of Charminar police station.Meanwhile, UIDAI is yet to inform the police about how many of these 30,000 cards have already been dispatched and how many of them have been delivered or returned. \"Once the investigation is over, appropriate action will be taken against all the accused,\" a senior UIDAI officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13102704", "title": "Congress -NCP ties at an all-time low", "text": "MUMBAI: Relations between the Congress and ally NCP have hit a new low following the controversy over irrigation projects in the state. However, this could just be a shadow of the things to come.With an eye on the assembly and general elections in 2014, the Congress has decided to go after the NCP. Having ceded some ground to the NCP in the recently completed elections in urban bodies and zilla parishads, the Congress has decided to take an \"aggressive\" stance.The new strategy was chalked out at a meeting convened by All India Congress Committee secretary Mohan Prakash with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, all other Congress ministers and state party chief Manikrao Thakre on Thursday evening.It was also decided to revive the system of holding regular pre-cabinet briefings, a tradition followed in the NCP. Another minister said the perception was that the NCP was taking credit for the initiatives undertaken by the Democratic Front government and blaming the Congress for any setbacks. At a party meeting on Friday, Prakash chose to target NCP chief Sharad Pawar . \"If we do not go to the PM and Sonia Gandhi for drought relief, where should we go? To the IPL,\" Prakash said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "paderu", "code": "13104026", "title": "Men slain in \u2018encounter\u2019 yet to be identified", "text": "PADERU: The cloud of confusion over the identity of those shot dead in Thursday's 'encounter' at Luvvasingi area in G Madugula mandal continued till the late hours of Friday. However, villagers said that the slain men were not Maoists, but civilians - Korabu Tellanna Padal of Pandrangipadu near Luvvasingi and Vandalam Appa Rao of Esteru in Killamkota panchayat - killed by the special party police in a case of mistaken identity.Initially, villagers of Pandraginpadu suspected that the other slain person was Tellanna Padal's brother Krish Padal. But they heaved a sigh of relief after Krish said he had reached the village in the wee hours of Friday to the other side of the hillock where the exchange of fire took place.Rural SP G Srinivas told TOI that the identity of the deceased was yet to be confirmed. \"We do not know whether they were villagers, associates of the Maoists or militia men. An inquiry into the incident has been ordered,\" he said.Villagers said Tellanna and Vandalam were caught in the crossfire and paid the price. The pre-planned attack on the Maoists following specific information about the rebels camping in the area backfired on the police with the death of two tribals, analysts said.The bodies of the deceased were air-lifted by the rural police from the encounter site to Paderu for autopsy. Tribals of surrounding villages were reportedly threatened by the cops when they tried to venture close to the encounter spot. The tribals were engaged in a verbal duel with the cops, sources said.According to sources, 70-odd Maoists camped at the nearby hillocks preparing the villagers for the celebrations of the Alluri Manyam Pirturi Sena anniversary. They reportedly called the people of about 10 villages. The villagers were returning after meeting the Maoists when the firing took place.Maoists noticed the combing parties and triggered landmines when a large number of security personnel in two groups from Korukonda-Balapam side and G Madugula side entered the area.In their bid to escape from the gun battle, Tellanna Padal and Appa Rao were caught in the crossfire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13102189", "title": "Ajnara first to scrap project in Noida Extension", "text": "NOIDA: Given the continuing uncertainty over the fate of housing projects in Noida Extension, in a first-ever instance a prominent builder has scrapped one of its housing projects leaving a large number of homebuyers in disarray. Investors have now become wary that scrapping of the project might open a floodgate, wherein other builders might choose to back out if the stalemate continues.A total of 76 villas - planned in three categories of 80, 100 and 120 square yards - in the Le Garden project of Ajnara Developers in Sector 16 of Greater Noida stand cancelled due to the continuing imbroglio. Around 75 of these villas had been booked by homebuyers. The average cost of a villa was around Rs 50 lakh.\"I had paid 10% of the total amount as booking charges and the developer asked me to stop further payments till the court cases were resolved,\" said Rakesh Pandey, a businessman who stays in Vikaspuri in Delhi. \"I was recently asked by the builder to take back my booking amount as they had scrapped the project,\" added Pandey.Most homebuyers in the project, who belong to middle-income families and have been left distraught with the decision, have been running from pillar to post in the last week, meeting officials of the construction company to figure out the next course of action.\"Construction on four 100 sq yard sample villas was in progress the last time we had visited the site. The dug up area had been filled up with rainwater and the builder had assured us that villas would be delivered within 18 months,\" said K K Tripathi, a resident of Indirapuram, who had paid around Rs 8 lakh as booking amount. \"The builder now says that it is in full right to cancel the project as per the terms and conditions of the builder-buyer agreement. The builder is pressuring me to take refunds, but has not issued an official letter of cancellation or termination yet,\" he added.Officials of Ajnara Developers have confirmed that the villas have been scrapped. A senior official said that the company was doing so because it had become economically unviable for it to continue with the project. \"Any issue related to a construction project that lingers on for a long time without any signs of getting resolved becomes financially unviable in the long run,\" said vice-president of Ajnara Developers, Vineet Sharma. \"We have decided to scrap the project given this factor. However, we have offered certain options to the homebuyers to either take back the booking amount with a reasonable interest rate or to shift to any of our other projects,\" said Sharma.Industry bodies, however, expressed hope that this scrapping will not start a domino effect. \"This project was planned on a very small portion of Noida Extension and may not have an impact on other projects,\" said Ajay Chugh, director of Noida-based real estate consultant, Investors' Clinic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13103040", "title": "Akhilesh scraps 26 of Maya\u2019s dalit projects, funds diverted to fulfill poll promises", "text": "LUCKNOW: The UP government on Friday scrapped former CM Mayawati's projects for Dalits and those named after their icons.The money allocated for such projects would be diverted to fulfill poll promises like Rs 1,000 monthly allowance for unemployed youth, pension to farmers above 65 besides laptops and PC tablets for students.Sources said the attempt was to ensure that welfare schemes benefit every section of the society and not just Dalits. The Friday's move would affect 26 schemes being handled by 13 departments involving Rs 4,861.72 crore. Most of this money was utilized for maintaining parks and memorials built in the memory of Dalit icons and scholarship programmes for Dalit students besides those launched in the name of BSP founder, Kanshiram.But the government clarified that work that had already started like in the case of Kanshiram Awas Yojana will not be stopped. But such projects will not be renewed.The government also stopped reservation of government contracts for SC/ST bidders that Maya introduced in June 2009, saying it was affecting the quality of work and a more competitive bidding process would benefit the state. The decisions were cleared at the third cabinet meeting since Akhilesh Yadav took over as CM two months back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13103661", "title": "Truck kills pedestrian at Dharbandora", "text": "PONDA: An unknown pedestrian was killed on the spot in a hit-and-run case at Pratap Nagar-Dharbandora late Thursday night. Ponda police has retrieved the body and preserved it for establishing his identity.The truck driver involved in the mishap, fled from the scene and could not be traced till late Friday evening. Police said the pedestrian was walking along the Pratap Nagar road when a tipper truck knocked him down and sped away.Locals told the police about the mishap and summoned an EMRI ambulance, but the pedestrian succumbed to head injuries before he could get medical aid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13104110", "title": "\u2018Supreme Court stay on Manikonda land has demoralised Muslim community\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: In the light of the recent interim judgment of the Supreme Court on the Manikonda wakf land issue, a group of 400 activists and politicians staged a dharna at the Haj House on Friday. They condemned the AP State Wakf Board and the state government alleging that there was a nexus between the two which led to the apex court's directive that went against the board.Urging the government to return the wakf land to Dargah Hussain Shah Wali, the 'rightful' owners, the group noted that the apex court's stay on the wakf tribunal injunction order prohibiting alienation of wakf land had demoralised the Muslims further.Activists said that the AP State Wakf Board has lost many cases in courts on account of it appointing weak lawyers. Former Rajya Sabha MP Aziz Pasha said, \"Only eight cases were ruled in favour of the Wakf Board of the 296 cases it fought in different courts pointing to a serious lapse in case building and also a disinterested approach.\" Attorney general G E Vahanvati had represented the state government in the Manikonda case.However, activists are hopeful that the final verdict to be passed in the second week of August, after the SC vacations, would be in the favour of the Wakf Board. The question of compensation remained a contentious issue with activists asking who would evaluate the land value. They said that the compensation should not be abysmal as in the case of Ishaq Madani Dargah land in Visakhapatnam which was given to the Hinduja Group where compensation was fixed at Rs 2.25 lakh per acre against the much higher prevailing market value. Activists said that the compensation should be given at the current market rate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13103025", "title": "Top guns mull outsourcing traffic policing", "text": "NOIDA: The traffic wing of the Noida police is crippled by a 75% staff shortage. Against the required strength of 600, the traffic police are working with just about 160-odd officers. In view of this shortage, the Gautam Budh Nagar police chief recently met the Noida CEO seeking approval of a proposal to outsource traffic policing to bridge the gap.With the UP chief minister, Akhilesh Yadav , directing officials to ensure that traffic problems in major cities of the state be taken care of, Noida CEO, Sanjeev Saran convened a meeting on Tuesday with the SSP and district magistrate to chalk out several plans, the primary one being the need for additional manpower for managing traffic in Noida.The SSP, Praveen Kumar, said that following the meeting a proposal had been sent to Noida Authority for outsourcing traffic policing. \"Once approved, it will be the first of its kind in the state. We will shortlist personnel from private security agencies and train them to assist the traffic police,\" Kumar said.For starters, about 100 private guards will be appointed by the district police. These guards will then be posted at 10 strategic locations across Noida, where they will be accompanied by the traffic cops. \"The outsourced personnel will only help in streamlining the traffic, whereas the challans will be issued by the cops,\" said the SSP.\"We will also train these security staff to deal with the public in a sensitive and friendly manner,\" he added.In the next phase, after reviewing the effectiveness of the guards, the number of crossings will be increased to 40. The crossroads proposed to be covered by the additional manpower would include those at Sectors 1, 19, 12-22, 71, Mamura, Motel Town T-point, Atta Peer, Rajnigandha, NTPC and Nithari roundabout. \"These guards will operate on a 14-hour shift from 8am through 10pm,\" Kumar said. \"The entire outsourcing project will be funded by the Noida Authority,\" Kumar added.Currently, the Noida traffic police are functioning with staff strength of 25%. According to police, there are 158 policemen available against the required 600. \"There are 117 constables, 20 head constables, 15 head constables, 4 traffic sub-inspectors, one traffic inspector and one superintendent of police,\" said a traffic police official.\"As per norms, every T-point needs to be manned by 3 cops while each crossing should be monitored by 4 policemen. Presently, only 100 traffic cops are able to man the most congested crossings during peak hours, which leads to ineffectiveness,\" he said.As per the traffic department records, over five lakh vehicles commute between Delhi and Noida daily. With such a high density of vehicles, traffic is regularly thrown out of gear. According to officials, the outsourcing plan should receive a green signal within the next 10 days. Once the nod is official, the project could be launched in the first week of June, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "13104359", "title": "Doctors absent from Ganjam centres", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Vigilance sleuths found doctors absent at several health centres of Ganjam district during raids on Friday. \"We raided five new primary health centres in Digapahandi block. \"We found either doctors are absent or arrive late at all hospitals except for Bhismagiri,\" said vigilance SP (Berhampur) J N Hansdah. The vigilance sleuths raided hospitals at Sidheswar, Jhariapadar, Padmanavpur and Goudagaon villages. The doctor posted at the Jhariapadar hospital had been deputed City Hospital, Berhampur, on the same day on the date of his joining the hospital itself. At Padmanavpur, the doctor was found absent without approval of his leave. In Gaudagaon, the doctor was absent during the raid while the hospital at Sidheswar was found locked till 8.30 am. The doctor comes to the hospital around 10 am though the timings are from 7 am to 11 am, Hansdah said. The absence of doctors has hit medical services, the SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "13102263", "title": "Acid attack on revenue officials, cops in Ambala village; 6 booked", "text": "AMBALA: The district revenue department officials as well as policemen had a horrifying experience when a group of villagers made an acid attack on them by using water splash guns to protest demarcation at Nanherha village on Thursday evening.Claiming to have recovered 5 litres of acid stored in cans, the police have booked six persons of the village in a case registered against them at Parao police station, 5 km from the city. Among those booked by police included Gurdev Singh, Bhag Singh, Jogender Singh, Sher Singh, Sharvan Singh, Amarjit.Enquiries revealed that with a view to get the land demarcated, a team of revenue officials headed by Kanugo ( an official of land revenue department) had gone to the village. They had gone to the village on the complaint of Surjit Singh, who alleged that accused villagers of having encroached upon the land purchased by them.Initially, the villagers started raising anti-administration and anti-police slogans. And then, all of a sudden there was a splash of acid was thrown through a water gun. Sensing trouble, the officials escaped to safe place and splash missed the target and fell on plants in the nearby area.\"All this happened when we showed villagers the orders. We asked them to not to interrupt the proceedings. All the villagers left the spot but threw acid from the roof top of the house. It was a matter of chance that the pressure of the pichkari could not reach the team and it fell on nearby bushes.\" sSaid, Dhanpat Singh, SHO, Padav police station. Later, the police team searched out the nearby area and 5 litres of acid was recovered from the spot, he addedSome people had planned to threw bricks on the team was also caught before they could do anything.The persons who protested against the marking of land said, they had been living here for 40 years and no one can oust them from the land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13104390", "title": "Chief minister's Chennai meet adds gist to president's poll rumours", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: During his two-day visit to Chennai, chief minister Naveen Patnaik met Gopal Krishna Gandhi, triggering speculation about the latter contesting the forthcoming elections to the Rashtrapati Bhavan.This was the second meeting between the BJD president and the former governor of West Bengal in around a fortnight. Gandhi, who is currently chairman of Chennai-based Kalakshetra Foundation, had called on Naveen in Bhubaneswar on April 24 and described it as a \"courtesy call\". Naveen reciprocated by paying a visit to Kalakshetra Foundation, which Bharatanatyam legend Rukmini Devi Arundale founded, on Thursday evening.Though Naveen is keeping his cards close to his chest, his two-day visit to Chennai ending Friday evening is being viewed with political importance. During his trip, he attended the foundation laying ceremony for an Odisha Bhavan in Chennai and visited an exhibition of agricultural research organized by the M S Swaminathan Foundation in the Tamil Nadu city. Apart from the Odisha Bhavan \"bhoomi puja\" event at Madras University, which was graced by Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa, Naveen also had a luncheon meeting with the AIADMK supremo at her Poes Garden residence, sources said.In what could lead to a realignment of 'non-UPA, non-NDA' forces in the country, Jayalalithaa and Naveen heaped praises on each other's administrative abilities during the Odisha Bhavan foundation stone laying function. Subsequently, Jayalalithaa described Naveen as her \"brother\" and Biju Patnaik as a \"father figure\". \"There was a natural synergy between myself and Biju Patnaikji... He left behind a legacy of respect, cooperation and mutual affection. This legacy is reflected in the bond that I continue to share with Naveen Patnaikji,\" an agency report quoted the AIADMK chief as having said. \"Biju Patnaikji was like a father figure to me and Naveen Patnaik is my brother,\" she added. Naveen described Jayalalithaa as \"long-standing family friend\".While Jayalalithaa, going by a news agency report, said the presidential election issue did not figure during her talks with Naveen, political circles are agog with speculation that the two regional satraps might be working towards fielding a candidate to succeed Pratibha Patil and possibly stitch a 'non-UPA, non-NDA' alliance ahead of the 2014 polls. Gandhi, sources said, could enter the presidential fray as he being a former IAS officer from Tamil Nadu cadre and also a former Governor of West Bengal might succeed in getting the support of Jayalalithaa and Mamata Banerjee.The increasing bonhomie between Naveen and Jayalalithaa since the past few months, especially their common stand in opposing the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) and also in criticizing the UPA government on the issue of payment of compensation to state governments for reduction in central sales tax (CST) rates, has made political pundits sit up and take notice. West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee , too, has made common cause with them on NCTC and CST.At the Odisha Bhavan foundation stone laying function, Jayalalithaa felicitated two eminent Odia artists, sand sculptor Sudarshan Patnaik and Odissi danseuse Kumkum Mohanty. Naveen, in turn, felicitated two renowned Tamil musicians Ilaiyaraaja and Vani Jayaram, an official release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13104150", "title": "Funds start flowing for Multi-Modal Suburban Rail Transport System Phase II", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Multi-Modal Suburban Rail Transport System (MMTS) Phase-II project received a shot in the arm on Friday after the state government sanctioned Rs 6.25 crore towards the first instalment of its annual share for 2012-13.The MMTS Phase-II project was planned at an estimated cost of Rs 632 crore, of which two-thirds was to be borne by the state government and the remaining by Indian Railways. The government had announced that it would allocate Rs 25 crore during the current financial year as its share for 2012-13. The central government, through the railway budget, has recently sanctioned Rs 99 crore for the project.The stretches which will be developed under Phase-II include Falaknuma-international airport, Tellapur-Patancheru, Secunderabad-Bolarum, Sanathnagar-Moula Ali, Moula Ali-Malkajgiri-Sitaphalmandi, Bolarum-Medchal and Moula Ali-Ghatkesar. Improvement of passenger amenities at different stations in the city and manufacturing of coaches are also part of the project outline for MMTS Phase-II.The MMTS currently serves a daily 1.6 lakh passengers, which is a major jump from last year's 1.2 lakh passengers per day. Phase II is slated for completion during the current Five-Year Plan (2012-17). The project, however, cannot take off unless a Special Purpose Vehicle, as stipulated by the railway board, is constituted. A spokesperson for South Central Railways told TOI that the SPV would be a joint venture of Indian Railways and the state government.Deliberations on the modalities of setting up the SPV are underway. Work on the project can only begin after the railway board approves the proposed model of the SPV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13103585", "title": "Drink from the fountain of youth: Yogi Ashwini", "text": "PANAJI: Described by those around him as a modern day guru, Yogi Ashwini, founder of the Dhyan Foundation in Delhi, who has ashrams all across the country has plans to start his final base (a learning centre) in Goa. \"The environment is still pure here; one of the few states where the law is still respected. The environment is relaxed,\" he said.In Goa to launch his latest book - 'Sanatan Kriya: The ageless dimension', Yogi Ashwini said \"The main reason (to start his project in Goa) is because Rishi Parshuram, one of the greatest Rishis, made this his abode\".The book launched on Thursday evening, suggests remedies for arresting the ageing process and maintaining a \"youthful look\". It recommends techniques to prolong life and recipes to combat the process of ageing.Among other things, the book describes the concept of 'Doshas' or imperfections that one is born with. \"The book describes how one can remove these imperfections and lead a balanced life. This will help to experience longevity and a healthy life. Only then, can one go beyond that. To get on the path of true yoga, one has to reach out,\" he said.Twenty years ago, the untimely loss of his mother to the inadequacies of modern day medicine set him on 'the journey of self realization'. \"I traveled searching for answers. I experimented, \" said Ashwini, who holds a masters degree in management and a honours degree in economics from Delhi University .The guru claims to possess the power of clairvoyance. \"Our five senses are the peripheral aspects of life. Most people are happy with these. With the practice of true yoga, one develops super senses. Clairvoyance is an ability that goes beyond one's five senses,\" he explains. \"We were invited by the IMA (Indian medical association) for an experiment that confirmed our clairvoyance. We were given five pictures of unknown patients and asked to predict the diseases each of them suffered from. We did so with an accuracy that surprised the doctors present,\" he said.\"We live in a world where artificiality is the basis. The sun of the human civilization is setting,\" he said. The Dhyan foundation is a spiritual and charitable organization that conducts free yoga classes, seminars, workshops, food distribution camps and other charitable works. Volunteers at the foundation help in running free schools and vocational training centres, feeding of people and animals.\"Yoga is a 'sadhna' not a business,\" the guru asserts. The foundation's activities are funded by the volunteers' contributions. \"Every volunteer contributes as much as they wish to help to continue the good work,\" a volunteer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13104258", "title": "From Cameron to Brooks: LOL or 'lots of love'", "text": "LONDON: The close friendship between British Prime Minister David Cameron and the high profile former chief executive of the Rupert Murdoch-owned News Corp's UK arm, Rebekah Brooks , was laid threadbare by the latter on Friday under rigorous, five-hour questioning at the Leveson Inquiry, a judicial probe into phone-hacking by newspapers.Cameron, according to Brooks, would some times sign off \"LOL\" or \"lots of love\" in text messages. On other occasions just, 'DC' . \"He would sign them off DC, in the main. Occasionally he would sign them off 'LOL' , lots of love. Until I told him it meant 'laugh out loud' ,\" said the Murdoch favourite.Regardless of Brooks making light of their exchanges , disclosure of Cameron's intimacy with a controversial person - to say the least - could generate consequences. They met at least once for lunch and four times for dinner following the 2010 general election, including a widely-reported Christmas dinner at Brooks's Oxfordshire home on December 23 that year. Brooks, however, dismissed reports that Cameron texted her 12 times a day.\"I would text Cameron, and vice-versa on occasion, like a lot of people. Probably more between January 2010 and maybe during the election campaign,\" she said. Brooks pointed out that her husband Charlie, a contemporary of the PMat Eton, had longstanding family links with the Camerons separate from her connections.Asked whether she discussed the phone-hacking scandal with Cameron, don Brown after he became PM, although she said she was closer to his wife Sarah.The red-headed siren of British media gave the impression of being a honeycomb around whom political bees buzzed. But she argued that she wouldn't have received any attention had she been \"a grumpy old man of Fleet Street\" . Brooks replied, \"I think on occasion and not very often. So maybe once or twice because the phone-hacking story was sort of a constant, or it kept coming up.\"Brooks also confirmed that Cameron regretted that he couldn't be as loyal to her as she had been to him after she was compelled to resign consequent to the phonehacking scandal Cameron was not the only person who commiserated with Brooks after she quit. She revealed a long list of sympathizers including former British PM Tony Blair . She detailed her contacts with the most powerful people in the country, including dozens of lunches and dinners with successive PMs. She met or dined with Blair at least 30 times between 1998 and 2007, she claimed, including three times one-on-one conversations .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13103049", "title": "For Tasneem, Manto lives on in his works", "text": "LUDHIANA: As literature enthusiasts celebrate the birth centenary of Urdu writer Saadat Hasan Manto, 83-year-old Sahitya Academy award-winning novelist Niranjan Tasneem gets nostalgic. ''Manto is still alive in his works,'' he says.Talking to TOI, Tasneem shares how his life had a natural affinity towards the legendary writer's life. ''Though Manto was much elder to me I have a lot of affinity with him for many reasons. Our home at Kartar Bhag Singh in Amritsar was close to Manto's house which was in Mohalla Waqeelan in Katra Jaimal Singh. I remember there was a picture of Shaheed Bhagat Singh in his room. I even studied in the same school as him and under the same teachers too,'' says Tasneem, who has 10 novels to his credit.Adding that he studied in Hindu Sabha College where Manto studied several years before him, Tasneem says he used to hear a lot about Manto from his teacher M M Mathur. ''He told me that Manto used to be a loner in college and spent a lot of time reading English literature. My teacher said he used to have pinkish eyes and had a generally serious demeanour,'' says Tasneem.Having read all of Manto's short stories, Tasneem has a long list of favourites. ''I love 'Bu', 'Thanda Gosht', 'Kali Salwar', 'Dhuan', 'Hatak', 'Khol Do', 'Toba Tek Singh', 'Sarkandon Ke Peeche' and 'Syah Hashiye'. I have written 10 novels of which two are in Urdu and eight in Punjabi. The one that won the Sahitya Academy Award - 'Gavache Arth' (Lost meanings) is also greatly influenced by Manto's writings,'' he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13102102", "title": "Joint Left convention to be held on May 14", "text": "PATNA: Claiming that the Bihar bandh called by the CPI(ML) on Thursday was the beginning of a \"larger movement for justice\", party general secretary Dipankar Bhattacharya said that a joint Left convention would be held in the state capital on Monday to discuss various burning issues. It would be followed by a public hearing on May 21 and the party's state committee meeting on May 22 and 23 to chalk out the future course of action.Addressing the mediapersons here on Friday, he condemned police action against the bandh supporters protesting in a democratic manner in various parts of the state. The ML general secretary said the party was focusing on five main demands. The first among them was that senior party leader Rajaram Singh, who was hurt in police action at Aurangabad on May 2 while leading a protest, and subsequently arrested, and 28 other partymen be released without any delay and the cases registered against them be withdrawn. He took the government to task for not providing proper treatment to Singh even though he has received head injuries.Bhattacharya also demanded strict action against the Aurangabad DM and SP who, he alleged, \"made a mockery of democracy\" on May 2. \"The SP led a brutal attack on Rajaram Singh and others, which cannot be tolerated.\"The firebrand leader said in the last few weeks, there has been a spate of criminal activities and political killings. Citing the murders of party leader Bhaiyaram Yadav in Bhojpur district, Chhotu Kushwaha in Aurangabad district and CPM leader Surendra Yadav in Samastipur district, he said these killings were politically motivated, with the names of some JD(U) leaders having cropped up. \"These killings need to be probed by a credible agency, preferably the CBI,\" he said.On the issue of the HC verdict in Bathani Tola massacre case acquitting the accused, Bhattacharya said the government owed an explanation to the people of Bihar on its role and its plans \"to ensure that people get justice\". Moreover, he said, since the release of Ranveer Sena supremo Bramheshwar Singh from jail on bail, there has been a renewed attack by feudal forces and criminal elements. \"Hence, the state government must take steps to get his bail cancelled and get him behind the bars.\" He criticized the government for not opposing the bail plea of Bramheshwar.He said the party has sought the intervention of the National Human Rights Commission in Aurangabad episode. A campaign will be launched to attract the attention of the Chief Justice of India in Bathani Tola case and generate online support from the proponents of human rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13103803", "title": "Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital medical waste still being dumped in open", "text": "KANPUR: A day after TOI exposed medical waste being disposed of in municipal garbage bins at the Lala Lajpat Rai and associated hospitals, huge quantity of such waste was again found being dumped in similar manner at these hospitals.Till Friday evening, no action was taken against the LLR authorities either by the officials of the Pollution Control Board or the municipal corporation. TOI, in its edition dated May 11, had highlighted the careless manner in which the medical waste was being disposed of in LLR and its associated hospitals.Burning medical waste and throwing it into garbage bins at the LLR hospital poses a big problem to the patients. Incidents of burning medical waste in the open has been reported often by the patients admitted in the hospital. However, LLR officials have always refused to accept burning or disposing medical waste in the open.\"A large portion of bio-medical waste being generated in the LLR and its associated hospitals is being dumped in the open and is scattered by stray animals who loiter on the campus in search of food,\" said a hospital staffer on condition of anonymity.He claimed that approximately only about 40 percent of the LLR medical waste was being disposed of in a proper manner and untreated or \"unmutilated\" needles and syringes were finding way into the municipal garbage bins or even in the open ground at LLR Hospital.The waste not only injures animals and human beings who come to scavenge or clear the bins, but is also collected for repackaging and resale by illegal vendors. Several cases of pricks by used needles have been reported by the staff members but the LLR hospital authorities have not taken any action.The staff members informed that most of the hazardous medical waste of LLR, Bal-Rog hospital, and Upper India Suger Exchange Jaccha-Baccha hospital is being thrown in the open. Similarly, the waste of Morari Lal Chest hospital, J K Cancer Hospital, Cardiology and Sankramak Rog hospital are being disposed at the Medical Pollution Control Committee (MPCC) at Panki.While the LLR hospital doctors blame it on the lenient attitude of class-IV employees who they say throw the waste in the open, the staff passes the buck to the authorities. They say that they are not being given enough funds to buy fuel for disposing of the waste. But no one among the authorities or the staff bothered about the inconvenience caused to the patients when the medical waste was burnt in the open.Talking to TOI, Radheshyam, regional officer, Pollution Control Board, rued the careless approach of the LLR authorities in this connection. \"Several notices have been sent to the hospital authorities but no improvement can be seen in this regard,\" he added.\"The matter of LLR medical waste and burning it in the open has been reported to us several times both by the patients and doctors of the hospital. I have sent several notices to Dr Anand Swaroop and Dr C S Singh regarding this malpractice but it seems the authorities are least bothered. We are giving it a serious thought and I will bring it to the notice of senior authorities of the Pollution Control Board in Lucknow,\" added Radheshyam.Though TOI repeatedly tried to call Dr Anand Swaroop on his personal as well as CUG number, there was no response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13101841", "title": "Whacky movie titles to engage Mollywood audiences", "text": "KOCHI: 'God for Sale' is waiting with 'Sickle, Hammer and the Star' for Oru Avasaram (One chance) for making the right 'Entry' at the box office to take on Neekonjancha.This sums up the latest in Mollywood where directors are trying to name their films quite differently with a view to attract viewers. More exotic names are in the pipeline: Aneesh Panicker is planning to use a cell phone number as title of his new movie while director Ashiq Abu has christened his new venture 'Da Thadiya' (Hey Fatso) and producer Sabu Cherian is going to name his film '8.20'.Most of these names don't make much sense. But they all carry a surprise value, and in the case of Neekonjancha - abbreviation for 'Ninneyum Kollum Njanum Chaavum' - a certain shock effect for what it conveys. \"If we were making the film four or five years ago, we would have never thought of such a name. The language used by the younger generation gave us the courage to opt for this name. We hope that the name will be the USP for marketing the film,\" said Sandeep, producer of Neekonjancha. \"We had circulated the name on Facebook and the feedback was quite encouraging. And it has something to do with the storyline as well.\"Panicker, meanwhile, is waiting for his producers to fly down to finalise the cell phone number as the title. Abu, however, has more or less finalised 'Da Thadiya'. Neerad, talking to TOI, justified why he named the new project 'Sickle, Hammer and the Star'. \"It will be a period film. Sickle, hammer and the star represent good, bad and evil,\" he explained.Cherian has named his project '8.20' as the film is about happenings over a 24-hour period starting from 8.20am. 'God for Sale' is by Babu Janardhanan and 'Entry', which marks the entry of TV anchor Ranjini Haridas into Malayalam cinema, is by Rajesh Amanakara. Oru Avasaram is by director Raju Ambaran.Old school filmmakers don't completely agree with this trend. \"Titles can be seen only as an invitation to watch the film. The story must justify the experiment. Otherwise, film buffs will not take the name to their hearts,\" director Sathyan Anthikkad said.But for new-gen filmmakers, focussed on quick success, this may sound a bit preachy as their first challenge is to ensure a break-even collection in the first few days after release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "13107615", "title": "J&K; to form Golf Development and Management Authority", "text": "SRINAGAR: Jammu and Kashmir Government will soon set up a Golf Development and Management Authority for securing the existing infrastructure and promoting the sport in the state.\"A Golf Development and Management Authority will be set up in the state to maintain, create, develop and secure the Golf Course infrastructure besides promoting Golf activities,\" tourism minister Nawang Rigzin Jora said at a meeting on Friday.Jora said the chief minister will be the ex-officio chairman of the authority while minister for tourism will be the vice chairman.The minister of state for tourism, chief secretary, director general police, principal secretary to chief minister, administrative secretaries of planning and finance departments, administrative secretary tourism, directors of tourism Kashmir and Jammu, managing director cum chief executive officer of the authority will be the members, the minister said.The meeting also discussed other issues related to the creation of the authority including the nomination and disqualification of the members.There will be 15 members in the authority, out of which four members will be nominated by the chairman, two from the eminent golfers and two from other sportspersons. The members will have a two-year term, he added.\"The creation of the authority is aimed to promote golf activities in the State which can go a long way in boosting tourism sector,\" Jora said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13110013", "title": "Designer Anita More celebrates Mother\u2019s Day", "text": "Designer Anita More launched her collection with Mother's Day just round the corner.We all want to do out bit for our darling mothers and designer Anita More seems to have given us that chance! The designer launched her new collection with Mother's Day just round the corner. So if you are still thinking what to gift to your mother, you can have a look at More's latest designs.Anita More celebrated Mother's Day with relatives and friends as she launched her summer collection of Sinndur Churidar &amp; Kurtas in Mumbai.Anita revealed, \"All the dresses in the collection are made from Linen and cotton fabric which make them perfect for summer.\"Many celebrities showed up for the launch as well.Tv actress Deepshikha was the first to come with Kaishav Arora. Other guests who came were Sandhya Shetty, Nitu Joshi, Manoj Jain vastu consultant, Hemlata Shetty, Ravee Gupta, Manoj, Rajneesh and actress Yuvika Chaudhry.Yuvika we heard loved the dresses. Anita More and Shailesh More gave a golden flower and big vastu box to everyone who came for the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13103619", "title": "1.32 crore tonnes of iron ore illegally extracted in 4 years: Goa Foundation", "text": "PANAJI: Over 1.32 crore tonnes of iron ore was illegally extracted in Goa between 2006 and 2010.This is alleged by NGO Goa Foundation in its reply to the Goa State Pollution Control Board (GSPCB) which is conducting a personal hearing on the alleged excess production of iron ore by 48 leases.GSPCB had asked complainant, Goa Foundation, to submit, by May 10, additional documents with regard to the excess production.The NGO on Thursday sent its reply to the board based on statistics provided in the legislative assembly and the government's reply to the PIL writ petition heard by the high court. The high court had disposed of the petition with directions to GSPCB to conduct the personal hearing.In its reply, Goa Foundation pointed out that in 2006-2007, 21 lakh tonnes of iron ore was illegally extracted. In 2007-2008 this figure went up to 27 lakh tonnes, which reduced in 2008-2009 to 20 lakh tonnes. But in 2009-2010, the alleged illegal extraction of iron ore saw a sudden jump to 62 lakh tonnes.GSPCB sources said mining companies have to now submit, by June 8, a reply with regard to the documents submitted by Goa Foundation. At the last hearing, mining companies present had sought three weeks to reply.Pollution control board sources said, \"We have to complete the hearing by July 6. The high court has also asked us to inform it about our decision on excess production of iron ore.\"The board had issued notices to over 48 mining companies to check the validity of environment clearances issued by the ministry of environment and forests. Goa has 336 valid mining leases of which 90 are in operation.GSPCB officials, at the start of the personal hearings, had asserted that any violation to the consent to operate order, which specifies the ore extraction limit, would cause the board to revoke the order for that particular mine.At the first hearing in October 2011, 48 lessees said they had exported ore from dumps in their mines and had sought more time to furnish details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102563", "title": "Tehbazari issue: After traders, vendors upset by New Delhi Municipal Council\u2019s move", "text": "NEW DELHI: New Delhi Municipal Council's move to allocate tehbazari (street vending) sites to 386 people has hawkers in the city fuming. A day after the allocation, vendors want the agency to scrap the order.National Alliance of Street Vendors of India (NASVI) - fighting for the rights of street vendors in the country - says the civic agency should identify new sites so that all 3,700 street vendors found eligible by NDMC are rehabilitated.Though the municipal bodies in Delhi - NDMC and the erstwhile MCD - have stopped issuing fresh tehbazari licences, the agencies have to accommodate close to 1.5 lakh street vendors found eligible by them. Around 1.3 lakh vendors had applied for tehbazari licences in MCD areas and approximately 4,000 sought licences in NDMC areas.While the civic agencies have formed vending committees to monitor the licence system, hawkers say little has been done for their welfare. \"NDMC zeroed in on 3,700 hawkers eligible for tehbazari licences but it has done nothing to increase the number of sites. As many as 386 sites were identified in1985. Even after 27 years, the number remains the same,\" said Arbind Singh, national coordinator, NASVI, who met Union urban development minister Kamal Nath on Friday to discuss the issue.Following a recent order from the Supreme Court to accommodate 628 street vendors, NDMC conducted a draw to allocate sites to 386 vendors on Thursday. However, vendors associations claim that the draw was not conducted \"fairly\". \"All those who are eligible should be allocated sites,\" said Vijay Singh, member of NDMC's vending committee. He claims that the committee is defunct and zero attempts have been made to identify new sites.Madhu Kishwar, an activist working on issue, says that NDMC should scrap the draw as it is against the national policy for street vendors. \"Street vendors can't be removed under the policy. When civic agencies don't know the exact number of street vendors in their area, how can't they conduct a draw? A census of street vendors must be conducted,\" Kishwar said.While NASVI and other hawker associations are demanding permanent space, market associations in NDMC areas say that allocating sites to additional vendors will not only add to chaos in markets but also increase security risk. \"NDMC should look for new sites in other markets\" said Pramod Sharma, president, Sarojini Nagar Market Association.Despite protests from both NASVI and Sarojini Nagar Market Association, NDMC remains firm on its decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "13103734", "title": "Alto Dabolim tense as religious structure axed", "text": "VASCO: Demolition of a Muslim religious structure created tension at Alto Dabolim as residents there suspected foul play.Former Chicalim sarpanch Raul D'Costa said, \"We cannot undertake any demolition or development due to the code of conduct.\"On Thursday, an unknown person demolished a small Muslim religious structure existing over 12 years in Alto Dabolim.When the villagers noticed this, a group approached D'Costa asking for an explanation.D'Costa replied, this was not done by the Chicalim panchayat. Saifulla Khan, president of all Goa minority cell, Vasco, submitted a letter to Vasco police in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13102109", "title": "Animal treatment centre at Seminary Hills proposed", "text": "NAGPUR: The state forest department has proposed to build a wild animal treatment and rescue centre at Seminary Hills. The proposal was submitted to principal secretary (forest) Pravin Pardesi on Friday. The immediate trigger seems to be the tiger injured by traps laid at Palasgaon near Tadoba.\"The proposal was prepared after suggestions from CCF (Nagpur Circle) C R Gajbhiye, DCF (Nagpur) P K Mahajan and veterinary doctors,\" said honorary Wildlife warden Nagpur district Kundan Hate, who submitted the proposal to Pardesi. Mahajan told TOI that the centre would prove to be a boon for wild animals in distress. Animals rescued across the region could be treated here, he said. Pardesi, however, was positive on the move and assured to consider it, said Mahajan.The centre, if approved, will come up behind Seminary Hill's deer park that already has a big enclosure. It will have facilities like an operation theatre, treatment room, OPD, X-ray and sonography and doctors' chamber. It will also have enclosures for injured animals. Animals will be treated and attempt would be made to rehabilitate them back in the wild.The department will not be required to create post of appointing vet for the centre, said Hate, as there is already a sanctioned post. Besides, services of vets from Veterinary College, who are also in the panel of the department, could be used, he added. A watch tower along with security guard will be required.At present, the department is facing problems in treating animals rescued from wild. \"We have to depend upon veterinarians from the Government Veterinary College and its hospital near Alankar Talkies. Earlier they had to depend upon Maharajbagh zoo authorities to look after injured animals,\" he added. Injured wild animals require isolated place for treatment and Seminary Hills would be ideal place even though the state government had sanctioned a rescue centre at Gorewada but which has got caught in red-tape.Sources in the forest department said in the recent past many animals have been injured because of man-animal conflict, road accidents, or in poaching attempts. Many were also killed when proper treatment couldn't be extended to them in time. This year alone, at least four tigers were injured and given treatment. Similarly, two leopards and many other wild animals like spotted deers, blue bull (nilgai) too were treated in Nagpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102441", "title": "6 killed in five road accidents in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Six persons were killed in five different accidents in the capital in the last 24 hours, police said.In the first incident, a man was killed after his bike rammed into a police bus in Shashtri park area of northeast Delhi, police said. In the second incident, a five-year-old boy was mowed down by a speeding tractor in Harsh Vihar in northeast Delhi. In the third incident, a 30-year-old man was killed after he was hit by a vehicle in Seelampur area of northeast Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13109543", "title": "Crisis in Kerala CPI (M) intensifies", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Feud in Kerala CPI(M) on Saturday intensified further with veteran party leader V S Achuthanandan lashing out at party state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan for dubbing Marxist rebels, like recently murdered T P Chandrasekharan, as \"betrayers and renegades\".Sharpening his attack on Vijayan for the second time in less than a week, the 88-year-old founder leader of the CPI(M) said this approach of the state secretary was as bad as the autocratic line adopted by late S A Dange on the eve of the split of the undivided CPI in 1964.\"I am one of those 30 odd people who came out of the CPI national council in 1964 culminating our struggle against revisionist trends in the movement. We were dubbed as class enemies and betrayers by Dange then. Those who are calling the rebels as betrayers and renegades now are adopting the same autocratic approach,\" he told a press meet here.\"Ours is not a party like Congress where the decision of the high command could be imposed on the lower tiers. Our practice is to have detailed discussions within the party before formulating stand on any issue,\" he said.The former chief minister said he firmly stood by his earlier statement that seeing people like Chadrasekharan as betrayers and renegades was Vijayan's personal opinion and not that of the party.The party's approach was that the rebels who had left the organisation over various issues including ideological deviations should be brought back by convincing them of the correctness of the party line.Asked if his open assertion against the leadership would not lead to disciplinary action, he quipped, \"let us see.\"Achuthanandan, a central committee member, was dropped from the CPI(M) politburo a few years ago for challenging the party line on a corruption case in which Vijayan figured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13102170", "title": "WTA tournament set for India return in November", "text": "MUMBAI: The last international women's tennis tournament on Indian shores dates back to 2008. That time, Serena Williams beat Patty Schnyder 7-5, 6-3 to win the Bangalore Open, her 29th WTA Tour title. Soon after, the biggest women's tennis tournament in South and Southeast Asia -- only in its sixth year -- came to an abrupt end.Now, after a four-year hiatus, the Women's Tennis Association (WTA) is all set to breathe new life into professional women's tennis in India. Come November, a first-of-its-kind WTA Challenger will be hosted by the Maharashtra State Lawn Tennis Association and promoted by NetSurf Entertainment. \"Since it's been long since we had a tournament, this event becomes more important,\" said Peter Johnston, managing director, WTA.\"Not only is this an attempt to give better footing to women's tennis in the country by reaching out to newer talents, but also to get foreign players to see India as a sporting destination.\"The tournament will see four of the top-50 players -- excepting the top ten -- in action, with six wild cards for Indians. The playoffs for wild cards have not been scheduled yet. With an overall prize money of $125,000, the winner will have the opportunity to bag 180 points along with $20,000.\"What we are focusing on is an event that helps Indian players to participate and improve their rankings,\" said Bharat Oza, MSLTA president. \"For Indian players, especially, it becomes difficult to be a regular in the European circuit due to money or fatigue factors. So tournaments like these will help them play in the country and gain exposure.\"The starting date has been fixed for Nov 5 but the venue and logistics are yet to be decided. \"The first week of November generally is the first week of off-season for most pros on the circuit,\" informs Johnston. \"So that falls into place. For the venue, we have three options: CCI, MSLTA and Balewadi stadium in Pune. Each one has its pros and cons, so we will work with the promoters and finalize in a week or two.\"\"It's not easy to bring a tournament up from scratch, but we are taking every measure possible to make this a success,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13103656", "title": "City sweats it out as temperature soars", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangaloreans are sweating it out. From the past few days, both maximum and minimum temperatures are two degree Celsius up than the average normal maximum and minimum temperatures. The city is witnessing a maximum average temperature of about 35 degree Celsius for the past one week.Indian Meteorological Centre (MD), Bangalore director B Puttanna says it is difficult to say that the city will have a respite soon since the weather conditions are dynamic. \"As of now, the weather favours good rains in the interior Karnataka due to south west winds. The temperature in the coastal areas is two degree Celsius above the normal since the region has been getting warm northerly winds from landward side,'' he said.\"There is an upper air circulation over the south west Bay of Bengal adjoining Sri Lanka between 1.5 km and 3.1 km above sea level. If this descends and moves towards Kanyakumari, coastal areas will get rains and temperatures may come down,'' he added.On Friday, while the maximum temperature was at 34.9 D\u00b0C, a two degree Celsius rise from normal maximum, the minimum temperature was at 27, which was a degree centigrade above the normal minimum recorded in the region. The highest maximum temperature recorded in the city was 35.9 degree Celsius in May 2004. The mean maximum and mean minimum temperatures registered in the city for the month of May are 32.8 and 25.3 D\u00b0Cs respectively. Puttanna says since the interiors have been receiving good rains, the temperatures in Bangalore, Mysore and other regions are lower than the mean maximum and mean minimum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13104089", "title": "Mecca Masjid blast accused in Nepal?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two key conspirators of the Mecca Masjid bomb blast of 2007 who have remained untraced so far have reportedly fled the country and gone underground in Nepal.Efforts by sleuths of the National Investigation Agency to nab the two __ Sandeep Dange alias Paramnand and Ramchandra Kalsangra alias Ramji __ have met with failure. \"One of the NIA teams that went to Nepal came back empty handed. But the agency has not given up hope and is pursuing all leads in the neighbouring country,\" police sources said. The NIA had issued look-out notices for the two and announced a reward of Rs 10 lakh on each. Dange and Kalsangra were RSS pracharaks hailing from Indore, Madhya Pradesh. They are alleged to have been involved in planting a bomb in Mecca Masjid that exploded on May 18, 2007, killing nine persons and injuring several others.The two are also wanted in bomb blasts that took place on Samjhauta Express and at Ajmer dargah, Malegaon and Modasa. Earlier the CBI that was investigating the case before it was transferred to the NIA had arrested three accused __Devendra Gupta, Lokesh Sharma and Naba Kumar Sarkar alias Swami Aseemanand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13101807", "title": "Look-out notices against eight suspects", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The special investigation team (SIT) probing the murder of Revolutionary Marxist Party (RMP) leader T P Chandrasekharan has issued look-out notices against eight suspects involved in the crime.All details of the suspects, including their photographs, have been made available to security agencies. All airports have been alerted. Name of prime suspect, Payappadi Rafeeq, also figures in the list.Police on Thursday also confirmed TOI report that the sticker in Arabic found on the Innova was pasted by the assailants to mislead the police and to give the killing a terror angle. K P Naveendas, owner of the vehicle, told cops the sticker was not present when he rented out the car to Rafeeq, who is said to be a fellow-traveller of the CPM.The CPM, meanwhile, was in for a rude shock on Thursday when K K Madhavan, Chandrasekharan's father-in-law, who is a senior communist and Balussery area committee member, said there was nothing wrong in suspecting the involvement of CPM in the murder.Madhavan reiterated that the enemies of Chandrasekharan were confined to the CPM alone. \"As far as I know Chandrasekharan had no enemies from the Congress, BJP or Muslim League. At the same time he was getting threats from the CPM. He had no other enemies other than some people in the CPM.So there is nothing wrong if someone suspects the involvement of the party in the killing,\" he said.Madhavan also made it clear that he would \"be forced to take crucial decisions\" if the probe confirms the role of CPM or its leaders in the killing of his son-in-law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13103653", "title": "3 malnutrition cases reported from districts", "text": "MANGALORE: Justice N K Patil, who heads the committee appointed by the Chief Justice of the Karnataka high court following complaints of child malnutrition and starvation in the state, found three malnutrition cases during his random visit to five anganawadi centres in the district on Friday.He said that provision should be made to serve local and fresh food instead of standardized food at anganwadis.Speaking to media, Patil said he had visited anganwadi centres at Uppinangady, Eshwaramangala, Sampya and Kokkada. \"The cases of malnutrition were found at Uppinangady,\" he added.Patil, who will be submitting the report to the division bench of HC before June 12, also had a word of appreciation for the district saying the anganwadi centres here could be developed as a model for the state as they had very few deficiencies compared with the centres he visited in other districts.Patil visited Bidar, Belgaum, Mysore and Bangalore (both Urban and Rural districts) before coming here. He said pregnant women should be educated to have nutritious food as it has a bearing on the child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "13102338", "title": "Government probe reveals massive irregularity in mass marriages", "text": "AKOLA: The state government sponsored mass marriage scheme, which gives Rs 10,000 as financial assistance to each couple, has become a lucrative business for agents, brokers and non-government organizations. This has ruined the scheme meant to organize marriages in austere manner, a study has revealed.A couple that had already married and even have two children were seen participating in such mass marriages to get financial assistance of Rs 10,000. A survey by district women and child welfare department showed that 26 married couples too participated in a mass marriage solemnized at village Goregoan Khurd in Akola taluka of Akola district two years ago. Married couples are ineligible for the government's financial assistance.Now, the institutions that organized the remarriages are being blacklisted. Further, criminal complaints would also be filed, either with the police or directly in criminal courts, to bring these couple to justice.Triratna Multipurpose Institution at village Goregaon Budruk had organized a mass marriage in 2010, where 96 couples participated. The investigation revealed that 26 out of 66 couples were remarrying, just for the financial aid.In a similar incident, eight of the 26 couples already had children when they remarried at village Kothli in Barshi Takli taluka of Akola district during the mass marriage organized by Krantivir Lahui Vastad Sanstha on May 16, 2010. The said organization is still protecting the eight couples who cheated the government of nearly Rs 1 lakh. Rajesh Chopde, a resident of the village, and some others submitted a memorandum to the district superintendent of police demanding thorough inquiry in the case.Every year, many such mass marriages are performed at various places in the presence of ruling politicians, including ministers and government officers.Recently, one such function was also organized in the presence of district guardian minister Rajendra Darda and MPCC chief Manikrao Thakre on Sunday, April 29, where 45 couples got married. Instead of austere settings, the marriage was a grand procession of bride grooms on decorated horses with bands witnessed by thousands of citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13103840", "title": "'350 gold bangles were melted the same night'", "text": "NASHIK: The thieves, who had meticulously planned the Rs 1.79 crore robbery at the Tanishq showroom in the wee hours of Wednesday, had melted almost the entire booty the same night with the help of a goldsmith, say police officials.Cops said easy money was the only motive for Rajni Jagdish Jaiswal (23) that encouraged her to join hands with Navdeep Marva in the city's biggest break-in.Jaiswal was one among the seven accused nabbed by the city police within 12 hours after a complaint of theft from Tanishq jewellery store was lodged. While the mastermind of the theft was Navdeep Mahendrasingh Marva, who deals in real estate, it was Jaiswal who led the operation. Marva's nephew, Daljitsingh Gurudevsingh Bagda (19), who is one of the seven accused, had arrived in Nashik only a day before the theft. Bagda and Jaiswal entered the showroom around 3.15am and managed to retrieve a safe containing the gold and diamond jewellery.Deputy Commissioner of Police (Zone 1) Sahebrao Patil said, \"Having worked in the jewellery store earlier, Jaiswal knew the store at the back of her hand and even in the CCTV footage, we found her leading the theft operation from the front.\"The thieves made away with a safe containing 350 gold bangles and jewellery worth Rs 14.65 lakh. The bangles were sold to Pravin Suresh Dusane (40), of Laxmi Jewellers, near Ramdas Swami Bus Stop, Upnagar, who melted it the same night and sold it off to Prashan Kharote, a jeweller from Hirawadi, Shivkrupa Nagar, Panchavati. The safe was hidden at Matangwada Devlali Gaon at the residence of auto driver Kisan Baste, who was also an accomplice in the plan.Patil said that the accused had planned every stage of the theft in detail. \"The planning had begun a month ago. Rajni Jaiswal, Navdeep Mahendrasingh Marva and Ashok Avhade, who was an employee with Tanishq, had a meeting on April 13. Avhade played a key role in the planning- the timing of the theft, keeping in mind when the watchmen slept, buying a gas cutter and practicing how to use it, planning the attire of jeans, black t-shirts, monkey caps and gloves.\"Patil also said that the accused had kept three alternate plans ready with them for the burglary. However, the police had gathered from the crime scene that the theft was not a work of professionals as they had used gas cutters for merely breaking the locks.The police had formed seven teams to look into different aspects of the theft- from checking gangs that broke locks with the help of gas cutters to tracking women burglars across the state. One team focussed on the staff of the store and found that a girl, Rajni Jaiwal, had been fired from her job in October. Upon inquiry, the police got suspicious and one more team focussed on her location on the day before and the night of the theft.The police learned that she was working with a real estate dealer and neither Jaiswal nor Marwa were home that night.Subsequently, Rajni was nabbed from a hostel at Krishi Nagar, while Marva was taken from his residence at Nashik Road, which led to other revelations of the theft.Jaiswal has a diploma in financial accounting. A divorcee, she does not live with her parents and claims that they always demand money from her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13104234", "title": "Raje in Delhi, thaw likely in Rajasthan BJP crisis", "text": "JAIPUR: A week after she raked up a storm in the state BJP over the proposed Lok Jagran Yatra, former chief minister Vasundhara Raje reached Delhi on Friday. With her in the capital, the much expected meeting with senior party leaders also started.Saudan Singh, joint general secretary (organisation) met Raje at her Delhi residence. The two reportedly discussed at length the recent developments in the state unit. Raje along with senior BJP legislator Digambar Singh also met senior leader Kirit Somaiya.Raje is likely to meet Arun Jaitley , who has been given the responsibility of resolving the issue, and national president Nitin Gadkari soon. According to sources, though the party high command has backed Raje calling her the undisputed leader, the senior national leaders are not ready to discuss the Raje camp's demand of change in the state party leadership.\"While the Raje camp is adamant for a change in the state leadership, the party high command is not keen to make any immediate changes, especially when the term of the state president is to get over soon. However, with the action now moving to Delhi, the deadlock is expected to break soon,'' a senior Raje loyalist said.With Raje in Delhi, the efforts to resolve the feud within the state BJP have also picked up pace. The clear divide between the Raje and the anti-Raje camps in state BJP was hard to be missed during last week with both groups indulging in pressure tactics. While the Raje loyalists built pressure by handing over their resignations, the anti-Raje camp reciprocated by threatening disciplinary action.Upset with the party's decision to give a green signal to Udaipur MLA Gulab Chand Kataria's Lok Jagran Yatra in the tribal belt, Raje had threatened to resign from the party's primary membership last Saturday.This led to a slew of resignations from her loyalists including 61 MLAs, which stopped only after Raje made a formal appeal to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13104453", "title": "\u201818000 preventive detentions made\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: Former chief secretary D C Sawant and former DGP A S Gill could be charged for committing contempt of court for their alleged inaction during the agitation in 2008. The HC on Friday issued notices to Sawant and Gill asking them to explain why contempt proceedings should not be initiated against them. Justice Sharma, while hearing the petition, however, wanted to know what the state government did to maintain law and order during the stir.\"When Bainsla and his supporters declared to go ahead with the protest, we made 18,000 preventive detentions, suspended nearly 1,600 arms licences, clamped prohibitory orders,\" addl advocate general N ANaqvi told the bench.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13109017", "title": "Ravi Teja\u2019s Daruvu Release Postponed", "text": "Call it the Gabbar Singh affect! The earlier apprehensions about the Mass Maharaja-starrer 'Dauruv' movie getting postponed, have now come true. The makers of the film officially confirm that \"Daruvu\" is being postponed by a week to May 25. With Pawan Kalyan's \"Gabbar Singh\" scoring a massive success, the makers thought it was not advisable to lock horns with the Power Star's film at the box office. \"Daruvu\", directed by Shiva of 'Souryam' fame, is a socio fantasy flick set in the backdrop of Yamalokam and Tamil actor Prabhu in essaying the role of Lord Yama. Taapsee is playing the leading lady opposite Ravi Teja for the second time after 'Veera'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13106136", "title": "Firang babes spice it up", "text": "The world is obsessed with the dusky beauties of the subcontinent. How else would a Frieda Pinto capture the collective imagination of Hollywood and the international audience? But back home, the scene is in stark contrast to what the world follows. Exotic we might be, thanks to our skin tone, but when it comes to glamming up the screen, Tollywood's dream merchants look to far off lands. Yes, mana T-Town folks rely heavily on the international looks and well-sculpted bods of firang imports to add glamour to their on screen offerings.Of late, a number of videshi babes have made their presence felt in the Telugu film industry. While some have had a short run, the others have managed to sustain their USP.Maryam Zakaria Long before the \"Agent Vinod\" mujra happened, this dancing diva of Iranian-Swedish decent got her first breakthrough when she grooved to \"Diyalo Diyala\" in the Naga Chaitanya starrer, \"100% Love\". And since then there has been no turning back. Yes, a Tollywood discovery, Maryam who used to run a Bollywood dancing school in Sweden, has now become a Bollywood staple. \"Aa Re Pritam Pyare\" from \"Rowdy Rathod\" sees her share dancing space with Mumaith Khan and Shakti Mohan. And Tolly town too does not hesitate to replace another item girl with Maryam. Case in point; \"Dammu\". A Tollywood actor was unceremoniously dropped at the last moment and replaced by the scorching Maryam in a special song. With acting aspirations now, this import is looking at a long innings in filmdom.Nathalia Kaur Ram Gopal Varma calls her \"electrifying\". A self-confessed lover of \"beautiful women\" Varma publicly confessed that Nathalia is \"the most beautiful woman of the decade\". Well, we don't know about that, but this calendar girl of half Indian-half Brazilian descent sizzles in the song, \"Dan Dan\" from RGV's offing, \"Department\". Born as Nathalia Pinheiro Felipe Martins, the model changed her last name to Kaur to suit desi sensibilities. And she's done quite well for herself to say the least. Apart from the item number, Nathalia is now all set to star alongside Rana Daggubati in RGV's untitled film. And not to forget, the sizzling photo shoot with the leading man, who went shirtless! They created quite a few ripples. Next in line could be a B-Town offering.Gabriela Bertante Filmmaker Puri Jagannadh could not withhold his excitement when he signed the sizzling Gabriela Bertante for an item number in his film, \"Devudu Chesina Manushulu\" starring Ravi Teja. Taking on his Twitter page, Jagganadh introduced the hot Brazilian model to all his followers. Quite a jaw dropper, this lass. So hot were her pictures that she was immediately roped in to do an item number in actor Ajit's forthcoming release, \"Billa 2\". With quite a few producers lining up outside her door, seems like this Brazilian has everyone in a tizzy, even without her first item number hitting the screens.Amy Jackson A British beauty pageant holder, Amy Jackson made an extremely promising debut in the successful 2010 period drama, \"Madrasapattinam\". Post a lukewarm Bollywood debut in Gautam Menon's \"Ekk Deewana Tha\", Amy is now T-Town bound. The British beauty will be seen alongside Ram Charan Tej in his forthcoming film, \"Yevadu\". But currently what's keeping her in the limelight is her romance with actor Prateik. The lovebirds are photographed quite regularly and they don't make much attempt to hide their fondness for one another, providing much fodder to the tabloids. Despite a failed B-Town debut and constant media glare on her personal life, Amy seems to be a firm fave with many a filmmaker.Adriana Schwazoringa She is probably the most popular foreign import to have landed on T-Town shores. After all, not everyday do you get the chance to groove to probably what we can safely call one of the most popular Telugu songs in history - \"Ringa Ringa\". While Bollywood stars moved and grooved to this peppy number at various stage shows, and with even Salman dancing to its revamped version in \"Ready\", Adriana shimmied away on screen as she mouthed her name, while the male populace went gaga. Offers might have dried up for the dancing diva, but nevertheless she will always remain in public memory, thanks to this racy number.Dana Marks Not much was known of this Australian beauty. Yet, when she tarred opposite Power Star Pawan Kalyan in \"Teenmaar\", she created quite a few ripples. The shutterbugs thronged the model during the promotions of the film, leaving even the leading lady, Trisha high and dry. The movie may have tanked, but a lot was expected of this Aussie model-turned-actor. However, Dana seems to have gone missing from the limelight. But going by some powerful associations she has in T-town, one can safely say she isn't over yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "13103480", "title": "Uppar community convention", "text": "BIJAPUR: A district-level Uppar community convention will be held at Kandagal Hanamantaray Ranga mandir here on May 13.District Uppar community president Vishwanath Narali and secretary Jakkappa Edave told journalists that though the community has a population of 35 lakh in the state and 55,000 in the district, they are deprived of a place in politics and the community is facing injustice in all fields.The convention has been organized to create awareness among the community members to know their rights and status. A vadhu vara samavesha of the Uppar community has also been arranged in the same venue on the occasion. Purushottamanand Swamiji of Chitadurga and Shivanand Swamiji of Chikkalaki cross will participate in the convention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13102533", "title": "Uttar Pradesh scraps 26 projects benefiting mainly Dalits", "text": "LUCKNOW: The UP government on Friday decided to scrap Mayawati's pet projects aimed mainly at Dalits, or named after Dalit icons and use the money freed up for new projects that the SP government will prioritise, most of them poll promises like unemployment dole and laptops and tablets for students. The attempt is to make the welfare schemes targeted at a more wider audience, not just Dalits.This will affect 26 schemes being handled by 13 departments involving Rs 4,861.72 crore. Most of the money was flowing into conservation and protection of parks and memorials built in the memory of Dalit icons, scholarship to Dalit students, and also those schemes launched in the name of BSP founder Kanshiram. However, the government has clarified that work which had already started, for instance houses under construction as part of the Kanshiram Awas Yojana, will not be stopped, but the scheme or project will not be renewed after that.Another major decision the cabinet took was to stop reservation of government contracts for SC/ST bidders that Maya introduced in June 2009. The government said this was affecting the quality of work and a more competitive bidding process would benefit the state.This was the third meeting of the cabinet after Akhilesh Yadav took over as chief minister two months back. In all, the government plans to take up 36 projects, some of them new like construction of roads, while the others are old schemes tweaked to suit the present regime.Part of the money released from the Dalit schemes will go to fund the unemployment allowance that SP had promised in its manifesto. This will cost the state Rs 1,113 crore and will benefit 9 lakh unemployed youth. To be eligible for this, a candidate should be live in UP, register with the unemployment exchange by March 15 of any financial year and the total income of the family should not exceed Rs 1.50 lakh a year. Only those between 30 and 40 will be eligible and they will get Rs 1,000 per month.The money will also fund Akhilesh's other poll promise to distribute tablets to students who clear Class X and laptops to those who clear Class XII. It will also fund pension to farmers above 65 years of age, again a poll promise. Around seven lakh small and marginal farmers will be covered under the scheme.In some cases, however, projects will merely be renamed and their scope broadened. For instance, the Savitri Bhai Phule Scheme For Girls' Education which benefited only Dalits will now be called Kanya Vidya Dhan, which will fund the education of all poor girls who clear school.Other projects, too, have been made more inclusive. For instance, the Kanshiram Housing Scheme for Urban Poor and Mahamaya Housing Scheme for Rural Poor will now be clubbed under the common banner of Housing For The Homeless and will cover not only poor Dalits but also the poor among other castes.In another decision, the government decided to do away with the existing Ambedkar Gram Vikas Yojana and replace it with Rammanohar Lohiya Samagra Gram Vikas Yojana to cover a total 10,000 villages in the five years. In the first phase, 1,600 villages would be taken up in 2012-13.Some of the projects that will be scrapped are: Manyavar Sri Kansiramji Shahari Garib Awas Yojana, Manyavar Sri Kanshiramji ji Green Eco Garden, construction, beautification and conservation of Lucknow Parivartan Chowk and Baba Saheb Ambedkar Prateek Sthal, Mahamaya Garib Balika Ashirvad Yojana, Manyavar Sri Kanshiramji Sahari Dalit Bahulya Basti Samagra Vikas Yojana.Other schemes are Mahamaya Awas Yojana, Mahamaya Sarvajan Awas Yojana, Savirti Bai Phule Balika Shiksha Madad Yojana, job creation for minorities, CC road construction in Dr. Ambedkar villages by the Panchayati Raj.Other decisions taken by the cabinet include formulation of rules and regulation for brick kiln, increasing the remuneration from Rs 12,000 to Rs 18,000 for Ayurvedic and Unani doctors taken on contract in government hospitals and increasing honoraria of Aganwadi workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13101937", "title": "Safety first at boating facilities in Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation areas", "text": "PUNE: Visitors at the three boating facilities in Pimpri-Chinchwad wore life jackets on Friday, a day after the incident at Katraj in which a man from Wadarwadi fell into the lake and was feared drowned.Managers running all three facilities at Thergaon, bird valley garden in Chinchwad, and lake garden in Bhosari, said many people are negligent about safety and refuse to wear life jackets. The boating facilities, developed by the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation, are run by private clubs on contract.At Thergaon, the facility is run by Gajanan Boating Club which has a motor boat and three pedal boats. There are 100 life jackets and five life guards to look after people's safety.A club employee said they insist on people wearing life jackets. \"Even if people tell us that they know swimming, we insist on the safety gear. Those who refuse are not allowed to step into the boats,\" he said. On Friday, some persons removed the life jackets after boarding the boats.Rafiq Patel from Akurdi said that eight members of his family including four children had come to Thergaon for boating. \"We have been provided life jackets even for children which is good for our safety,\" he added.The bird valley garden facility operates its boats in a quarry. Gajanan Kalokhe of the club said that there are 70 life jackets and four life guards and rubber tubes at the site.An employee said there is a rush on Sundays and Thursdays when 50 to 60 people turn up. Children below 12 years have to be accompanied by their parents and life jackets were a must for all. People who refuse are not allowed to board the boat, he added.At the lake garden in Bhosari near Pune-Nashik highway, the Rajhans Boating Club has eight life guards. Manager Bhagwan Mane said there are life jackets, but people are not willing to use them. \"We operate motor and pedal boats. The rides stop at 7 pm when the visibility gets poor.\"Suresh Salunke, garden department head, said instructions had been given to private agencies running the boating facilities not to allow people to go boating without life jackets. We conduct surprise checks to ensure that safety norms are followed,\" he said.Pimpri resident Rakesh Yadav said, \"We were provided life jackets which we used during the boat ride. It is for our safety.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13104703", "title": "A morning stroll in search of greenery", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A group of people will take a short stroll in the city on Saturday morning. What distinguishes them from the regular morning walkers will be their special mission. They have named it tree-walk and will be led by two sisters, Anita S and Santhi S, both environmentalists.The group will walk from Vanchiyoor to Uppidamoodu stretch in search of green cover. They will study the species of trees they come across along the stretch and document each of them. \"We will also observe how the local population is dependent on trees in one way or the other. This is a part of our humble endeavour to closely observe whatever sparse tree cover the city has at present,\" said Anitha. The mission is also held as a tribute to their mother C Thankam, who was a botany professor and a nature lover.\"We know that this is just a small step. The trees are fast disappearing from our city. Unfortunately, very few get replaced. It is time for us to evolve a developmental pattern which can be carried out without causing much loss to the city's green cover,\" added Anitha.Both the sisters had earlier organized a similar mission named 'Haritha Kootayma'. They had mustered opinions from the public as to how they felt about felling of trees.\"To our surprise we found that many people were willing to plant saplings. Those who had space restraints said that they would like to be a part of the mission if we could identify a public space. But there are some practical difficulties to realize such a scheme,\" Anitha added. The duo is also planning to conduct 'Tree Walk' every two weeks depending upon the response they would evoke on Saturday. The tree walk will begin at 7am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13102320", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav assures Sitapur villagers of justice", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, while reiterating the stance of the Samajwadi Party government in the state, said on Friday that stringent action would be initiated against any one who takes the law in their hands, irrespective of their political affiliation. He was addressing the victims of arson from Thanpur and Gangapar villages in Sitapur, who alleged that dozens of their hutments were torched by the local SP MLA, Mahendra Singh , and his henchmen, to clear the land which they wanted to encroach.When one of the victims pointed out that the local police were not initiating any action against the accused despite clear evidence of their involvement, the chief minister said: \"The local police officers must be hearing this as I talk to you. If they are not, then I want you to tell them what I have said. Our government will not allow exploitation of the poor at any cost,\" the chief minister said.Akhilesh was in Sitapur on Friday to attend a private function held in connection with the death of O P Gupta, father of Anoop Gupta, SP MLA from Sitapur. A group of residents from Thanpur and Gangapar villages in Sitapur approached the CM, as he was heading for his car after landing at a temporary helipad constructed on the outskirts of Sitapur. Though security personnel tried to stop the protestors from reaching the CM, they were compelled to let them go after the chief minister himself noticed that some people wanted to talk to him and signalled the cops to allow them in.This is not for the first time that the SP MLAs in Sitapur have wreaked havoc. On March 17, 2012, more than a dozen houses belonging to the members of a particular caste were torched allegedly by the brother of the sitting MLA and his associates on grounds that the victims had voted against SP MLA Jeena Babu in the assembly elections.Though police initially maintained that the violence was a result of some old rivalry between local groups, it was later established that the perpetrators included the brother of the SP MLA. The violence was said to be a result of rivalry involving a local MLA in Bambia village under Reosa police station, which was confirmed by Promod Shukla, then in charge of the police station. Though police were quick to register FIRs against unidentified men in connection with the arson, but the name of the SP MLA has failed to appear in the police records even after almost two months of investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13104068", "title": "18-month-old ordered off US flight in 'no-fly' glitch", "text": "WASHINGTON: The 18-month-old daughter of an American couple of Middle Eastern descent was ordered off a flight in Florida as her shocked parents were told that she figured on a government no-fly list.The parents, who did not disclose their last names, and their infant, identified only as Riyanna, had boarded JetBlue Flight 510 from Fort Lauderdale , Florida, to Newark, New Jersey, on Tuesday evening when they said an airline employee asked them to deboard.\"I said, 'For what' ?\" Riyanna's mother said. \"He said, 'It is not you or your husband. Your daughter was flagged as no fly' .\"\"Transportation Security Administration (TSA) did not flag this child as being on the no-fly list,\" CNN quoted a TSA spokeswoman as saying. The family declined to continue on the flight, saying they felt humiliated . \"We were put on display like a circus act because my wife wears a hijab ,\" Riyanna's father said. The airline says it was a technical mistake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13102801", "title": "Haryana panchayat cuts off married girls from parents\u2019 property", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A Haryana panchayat has banned married women in the village from seeking a share of parental property. The panchayat, which was attended by over 400 villagers, was held at Thua village in Jind last week. Social activists have sought the government's intervention to rein in the panchayats known for their bizarre diktats, including calls for honour killings.Activists have termed the move illegal as the Hindu Succession (Amendment) Act, 2005, states that daughters enjoy equal rights over family property.Deputy commissioner of Jind, Yudhbir Singh Khyalia, has slapped a showcause notice on the village sarpanch and demanded an explanation for the violation of constitutional rights. Ironically, the order came from a woman sarpanch, Santosh Rani. \"We will take action after receiving her reply,\" the police officer said.The panchayat resolution states: \"Every girl will have to part with her share of parental land and hand it over to her brothers. If she has no brother, she will give it to other family members at her parental home. If a woman violates the diktat, she will face social boycott and have to pay a fine.\" Village pradhan Amar Lal Kaliramna has gone a step further. He said even those who will buy land from married women will be ostracized.Jind Bar Council member Vinod Bansal said, \"If a girl approaches the court, she'll get her share of her property. After her father's death, property is transferred to legal heirs, which includes daughters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13104687", "title": "Special bomb squads for Thiruvananthapuram remain on paper", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Three months ago, the director general of police, Jacob Punnoose had advocated the formation of special squads to act against the production of explosives for criminal purposes. But these squads still remain on paper even as the use of explosives by miscreants is on the rise in the city.The decision was taken on February 9, 2012 and a circular was issued in this regard.It was also clearly mentioned in the circular that the order was issued in the wake of alarming rise in such cases across the state. The circular also said that people who helped police by providing information about making of explosives would be rewarded with a cash prize of Rs 10,000.\"The squads were never formed. I would be convening a review meeting soon to decide on the future course of action in this regard,'' said DGP Jacob Punnoose.The city had witnessed a series of bomb incidents this week. On Monday, a group of unidentified assailants hurled crude bombs at the residence of CPM's Vilappilasala local committee secretary Murugan, damaging the house.Two days later there were two incidents of similar nature. The first one occurred in the morning, in a house where crude bombs were stored. The house owner, Anilkumar, is absconding. The police have arrested the wife of the accused, Rekha in connection with the incident.The second incident occurred at night the same day when a 17-year-old boy lost his three fingers, when a crude bomb he was making, exploded in his hands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13102039", "title": "Better patient care best tribute to Nightingale: Nurses", "text": "NAGPUR: The public image of any hospital depends a lot on their nurses - the silent, omnipresent care takers whose role in medical care has remained underappreciated. These foot soldiers of health care are around a patient for a much longer time than any doctor, playing many a role ranging from an empathetic listener to a stern mother hen.Modern-day nurses, however, wary the large-scale commercialization of the field of medicine, and resultantly their own profession as well. Most of the youngsters who are choosing nursing are more interested in a career than in caring, complain some of city's senior nurses.\"We ourselves are not much satisfied with the way we take care of the patients now-a-days, so how can we blame the patients for feeling that way. We would like to change this but the limited resources in hospitals, especially the government-run institutes, along with time-crunch does not allow us to do our jobs the way we would like to,\" said president of Maharashtra Government Vidarbha Nurses Association (MGVNA) Yashodhara Moon. She recalled reading about Florence Nightingale, who laid the foundation of modern nursing, she tended to patients bearing personal expenses, if needed. \"She was moneyed and could afford it, we can't do anything other than complain to the authorities,\" she added.Agreed the secretary of MGVNA, Tanuja Ghormare (Watkar) and said, \"The best tribute to 'The Lady with the Lamp' would be if we would actually be able to take better care of our patients. Even until a decade ago, talking to the patients, reassuring and motivating them formed a major part of our jobs. Now, even if we wish to we hardly get any time to speak to the patient and comfort him as the hospitals these days are short-staffed.\"\"The relationship we share with the patients has lost its human touch. Most girls are here to seek a professional degree that gives them a lot of scope in terms of career,\" noted Malti Dongre, a tutor at the nursing college at Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital. One good thing that has happened is that earlier women from poor backgrounds and without much formal education took up the job while now they have to appear for entrance exams, she added.\"Not only is the number of girls opting for the profession increased but some of the boys are also taking up nursing these days. Sadly those who come in have a lot of preconceived notions and think it to be a smooth and easy journey,\" said MR Choudhury, principal of the school of nursing run by Mure Memorial Hospital. With more private institutes offering courses in nursing, the high number of admissions should not be surprising, said Yasmin Bano, vice principal of the school. \"The specialized courses like paediatric nursing, critical care nursing, geriatric nursing, etc have also enhanced the scope of the profession manifold. What most people coming in do not realize is that one needs to study as much as the doctors and perform similar practicals as well,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13106488", "title": "China denies preparing for war over South China sea", "text": "BEIJING: China has refuted reports that its military was increasing combat readiness in response to a standoff with the Philippines over the disputed islands in South China Sea.\"The reports alleging that the People's Liberation Army, (PLA) Guangzhou Military Area Command and the Navy's South China Sea Fleet have entered combat readiness are not true,\" the ministry of national defence said.The defence ministry's comments came after a warnings in state media that China is prepared to fight to end the stand-off. A brief statement from ministry said those reports were not true.China's maritime standoff with the Philippines in the South China Sea over the dispute of Huangyan Island referred by Philippines as Panatag Shoal has entered the second month.The two nations have had non-military vessels stationed at the shoal since April 8 in an effort to assert their sovereignty to the area.The standoff began last month over Philippines objecting to the presence Chinese fishermen at Scarborough Shoal.The Philippines asserts that the uninhabited island reported to be rich with abundant natural gas and oil as part of its 200 mile exclusive economic zone (EEZ), guaranteed by UN Law of the Seas.China on the other hand says that the island was part of its coast for centuries therefore it has inherent rights over it.China also piled up pressure on the Philippines with a travel advisory which resulted in cancellation of tour plans of hundreds of Chinese tourists and stepped controls on imports of fruits and other materials from Manila.China is the third largest trade partner of the Philippines. Their bilateral trade volume exceeded USD 30 billion last year.Meanwhile, China watched with considerable interest US efforts to get the Senate approval for the 1982 UN Law of the Sea treaty (UNLST) as it believes that Washington tacitly backed Manila's sudden push for the island.US military has held series of drills with Filipino force recently.US is also firming up its military alliances with a host of ASEAN countries which have similar maritime disputes with China in the South China Sea.US administration officials said UNLST is necessary to protect the US Navy's right to carry out exercises off the coast of China as it teamed with various South East Asian countries including Philippines to turn attention in Asia-Pacific.The Obama administration says that ratifying the pact will protect US Navy's right to conduct exercises in waters near China.China, which is a party to the treaty, claims control over its exclusive economic zone that extends about 370 km from its coast and can therefore ban foreign navies from conducting exercises in the area.US says no such control exists beyond about 22 kilometres from the coast, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13103218", "title": "Victim returns alive, family gives back compensation", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As Vipul Patel, 36, from Khadia returned home alive four years later, his family on Friday returned the amount of Rs 5 lakh that was given towards compensation for his death in the serial blasts that had rocked the city on July 26, 2008.Patel had gone missing after the terror attack that saw 57 dead in 20 blasts in the city. One of the victims was not identified. The dead body remained unidentified till Patel's family members claimed after 55 days that it was him and that the identification could be possible on basis of a talisman that was lying in the neck. He was declared as killed in one of the blasts that had taken place at Hatkeshwar. Accordingly, his family was given Rs 5 lakh towards his death compensation.However, four years later, Patel returned home and his elated family members wrote a letter to the district collector that their family member was found alive and that they wanted to return the amount they had received from the government.Patel's elder brother Mukesh on Friday met district collector Vijay Nehra and returned the amount. \"It's a matter of great delight that the man was found alive and it is also heartening to see that positivity is still alive among people that they contacted us on their own and expressed their desire to return the money,\" Nehra said.With Patel's return, the administration has initiated certain procedures by cancelling his death certificate and other formalities. However, another question that the administration is grappling with is about ascertaining the identity of the victim killed in the blast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13102784", "title": "Ahmedabad police get custody of gangster Karan Jadeja", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city police took into custody Karan Jadeja - a historysheeter and son of Godmother of Porbandar Santokben Jadeja - on Friday. Karan has been arrested for giving a fake identity when city police busted his liquor party at a hotel on SG Highway in April.Last month, Vishal Chandarana, a resident of Rajkot, and Jadeja were caught for hosting a liquor party at Eden Garden hotel. Jadeja dodged the police by giving a fake identity. He introduced himself as Kamal Patel , a businessman. Later, when police realized that it was Karan Jadeja who had escaped identification they started a manhunt for him.Porbandar police later arrested him. \"He told us that he was declared absconder in a case at the Ranavav police station near Porbandar. He was afraid that if he was identified by Ahmedabad police, they would hand him over to the Ranavav police,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13103560", "title": "Tamil Nadu gets 2 new veterinary colleges, 34 more seats", "text": "CHENNAI: The launch of two new colleges in Thanjavur and Tirunelveli has added 34 seats to the Bachelor of Veterinary Science and Animal Husbandry programme of the Tamil Nadu Veterinary and Animal Sciences University. The number of seats has gone up from 226 to 260 for the 2012-13 academic year.Announcing the beginning of the admission process to undergraduate courses for the next academic year, vice-chancellor Dr R Prabakaran said the popularity of veterinary courses has been growing rapidly.\"The veterinary and fisheries sectors are the only two industries growing at the same pace as the software industry, at 8-10%. There is a high demand for the courses as people have realised that all who complete them can get into government jobs. There is a lot of scope in the private sector too,\" he said. Against the annual requirement of 3,700 veterinary graduates in the country, only 1,800 students pass out, he said.Application forms for the Bachelor of Veterinary Science and Animal Husbandry, Bachelor of Fisheries Science and Animal Husbandry, BTech in Food Processing Technology and BTech in Poultry Production Technology can be bought from veterinary institutes from May 14. For further details visit www.tanuvas.ac.in. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "bagalkot", "code": "13103582", "title": "Fund misuse: 2 officials suspended", "text": "BAGALKOT: The disciplinary authority of the agriculture department has suspended two officials for alleged misuse of funds. They are assistant agriculture officer N S Hiremth and district watershed department technical officer B G Patil, who are on the verge of retirement.During 2008 and 2010, they had not credited farmers' share amount of Rs 6,49,321 to raita samparka Kendra account.The amount is related to sale of agriculture equipment and fertilizers. They had allegedly utilized it for their personal use.Even though taluk agriculture officer Gopya Naik reported this matter to senior officials, the officials fail to remit the amount. Taking serious note of this, disciplinary authority officer K V Sarvesh suspended them on May 9. They are retiring on May 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "13107528", "title": "Kings XI Punjab take on Deccan Chargers", "text": "MOHALI: As the battle to reach the play-off stage in IPL gets fierce, Kings XI Punjab find themselves in a must-win situation as they take on tournament-laggards Deccan Chargers at the PCA stadium on Sunday.Punjab's clash with the Hyderabad team may be inconsequential for the Kumar Sangakkara-led team but the local favourites can ill-afford any slip-up at this stage as there is a mad scramble among the teams to seal a berth for the play-offs.Of the nine teams taking part in the competition, the Chargers have just two wins from 13 games. They along with Pune Warriors, who are currently placed eighth with four wins from 14, are out of the hunt.With 12 points from an equal number of matches, the Punjab side, which managed to reach semifinal only once, in 2008, is placed at seventh in the table.While top-of-the-table-team Delhi Daredevils and Kolkata Knight Riders may have virtually assured themselves of a berth in the play-offs, among rest of the five teams -- Royal Challengers Bangalore , Mumbai Indians, Chennai Super Kings, Rajasthan Royals and Punjab -- the battle has got intense.Punjab have tough games coming up as they haven't played Delhi Daredevils yet and will be taking them on in Delhi after tomorrow's match followed by another one at Dharamsala later. In between, they will play one match against Chennai Super Kings at Dharamsala.Led by stand-in captain David Hussey , KXIP will have this daunting task at the back of their minds.They will be high on confidence having defeated the Hyderabad team in their own backyard by 25 runs just a few days back but skipper's main worry would be Punjab's poor record on the home ground.Opener Mandeep Singh has been the prolific scorer for his team accumulating 359 runs so far. Australian Shaun Marsh , former Pakistani all-rounder Azhar Mahmood and young South African David Miller too have shown that the home side's batting has depth.Medium pacers Praveen Kumar , Parvinder Awana and Mahmood along with leg spinner Piyush Chawla, who can bat as well, have done a decent job in the bowling department. Punjab's fielding, too, has improved as the tournament has progressed.The side has a psychological edge over the Chargers, who suffered defeat not only at the hands of Punjab on May 8 in Hyderabad, but were blown away two days later by David Warner's unbeaten ton and 64 not out by Naman Ojha of the Delhi Daredevils despite giving the Virender Sehwag-led side a target of 188 to chase.However, if there is anything to worry for Punjab at this stage is their home record this season. They have managed to post just one win, against weak Pune Warriors, from their five matches played on home soil. Punjab have lost to KKR, RCB, Mumbai and Rajasthan Royals here.They will look to rectify this record otherwise it can hurt their chances badly. Meanwhile, Sangakkara's team will be playing for pride and hoping they notch up a win or two from the remaining games to salvage some prestige.For Sangakkara, Mohali is familiar territory as he had replaced Yuvraj Singh as KXIP's captain in one season.The Sri Lankan will be hoping fortune smiles on his team finally and they end the season on a positive note.Teams (from):Kings XI Punjab: Adam Gilchrist (Capt.), Bipul Sharma, Paras Dogra, Harmeet Singh , Siddharth Chitnis, Love Ablish , Piyush Chawla, Amit Yadav, Parvinder Awana, Stuart Broad , Azhar Mahmood, Bhargav Bhatt, Ryan Harris , Vikramjeet Malik , Paul Valthaty , Sunny Singh , Shalabh Srivastava , Rajagopal Sathish, Nitin Saini , Nathan Rimmington , Abhishek Nayar, David Miller, Mandeep Singh, James Faulkner , Praveen Kumar, Shaun Marsh, Dimitri Mascarenhas, Ramesh Powar .Deccan Chargers: Kumar Sangakkara (Capt.), Parthiv Patel, Shikhar Dhawan, Bharat Chipli, Cameron White , Jean Paul Duminy , Dan Christian, Ashish Reddy, Amit Mishra, Juan Theron , Manpreet Gony , Kedar Devdhar, Daniel Harris , Ishank Jaggi , Abhishek Jhunjhunwala, Akash Bhandari , Chris Lynn , Tanmay Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13104361", "title": "Government plans houses at Rs 3 lakh for poor", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government is planning to build houses in urban areas for the economically weaker sections (EWS). These flats will be available at Rs 3 lakh, if the project sees the light of day.Sources said the government has mooted a proposal for affordable housing under which the EWS beneficiaries and BPL card holders will not have to pay more than 1,000 as equated monthly installment (EMI) while buying a house.The low income groups (LIG) will get flats for 5 lakh with an EMI in the range of 2,400 to 2,600 per month. Currently, one BHK flats in cities such as Bhubaneswar are hardly available below 5 lakh.The government also intends to earmark 40 per cent of the total land of affordable housing projects for the EWS. While 30 per cent of the total land of such projects would be for LIG, developers can use the rest 30 per cent for catering to middle income group (MIG), high income group (HIG) and commercial customers. The developers have to provide common bathroom and toilets in each block of EWS houses, sources said.In the first phase, the government plans these affordable housing projects in Cuttack, Bhubaneswar, Berhampur, Sambalpur, Jharsuguda, Rourkela, Angul, Puri, Balasore and Paradip. Other urban local bodies will be free to undertake such housing projects if viable, sources added.The affordable housing policy plan comes at a time when the Bhubaneswar Development Authority (planning and building standards) amendment regulations 2012 proposes that apartment buildings and group housing projects will earmark at least 10 per cent of their construction area for making housing units for EWS/LIG categories. BDA would decide the cost and method of allotment of such houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13101740", "title": "Justice to 60% of juvenile offenders often delayed", "text": "KOCHI: More than 60 per cent of juveniles in conflict with the law in the state are being held without being produced before the Juvenile Justice Boards, which take care of the rehabilitation of these children. And this happens because the Special Juvenile Police Units (SJPU) set up for the purpose fail to file reports in time.According to the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act 2000, SJPUs have to file a report before the district-level Juvenile Justice Board explaining the charges against the juvenile within four months of him/her being detained. The board will then decide what should be done to rehabilitate the child. However, according to data with the National Crime Records Bureau, reports on 498 of the 826 juveniles (60.29%) detained in 2010 are pending follow-up action. The problem arising out of such a delay is that around 68% of those detained, who are between 16-18 years, would turn 18 by the time SJPUs file their reports.Sandhya J, a child rights activists of Human Rights Law Network, said, \"I'm looking after the case of a child, a migrant labourer from Tamil Nadu , who killed two other children in 2010. Two years have passed, but SJPU hasn't filed the charge-sheet yet. He will soon turn 18. The incident took place when he was 16. The law has mandated special police units in order to speed up trial, but they never submit charge-sheet on time. The Juvenile Justice Boards can take the next step only after getting the police report.\"This is not a standalone case. Of the 801 juveniles held in 2010, 68.9% (552) were in the age group of 16-18. In the same period, 269 (33%) children detained were in the 12-16 age group.According to criminologist and author James Vadakumchery, SJPUs in the state remain just on paper. \"These are just paper units, they don't function. Personnel appointed to such units need specialized training. Cops transferred to such units have little knowledge about how such cases are to be investigated,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13103887", "title": "Eamcet examination today", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Eamcet examination will be held at 749 centres - 190 for medical and 559 for engineering streams - in the city on Saturday. Of 3.8 lakh candidates enrolled for Eamcet, 2.9 lakh are taking the engineering admission test and 95,523 medical.The engineering entrance test will commence at 9.15am and the agriculture and medical test at 1.45pm.Eamcet convener MV Ramana Rao said that all arrangements had been made for the smooth conduct of the test and advised candidates to not forget to carry their hall tickets as that was the prime requirement for entry into the test centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13102844", "title": "Minority panel summons Mumbai police commissioner", "text": "MUMBAI: The minority welfare committee of the state legislative assembly has summoned the additional chief secretary, home, and the Mumbai police commissioner in a case of physical assault by assistant commissioner of police Vasant Dhoble.In December last year, when Dhoble, during one of his raids visited Mogul Sarai, a Bandra hotel owned by Shakil Bhure, and allegedly assaulted his 65-year-old father Yusuf Ghulamnabi Bhure. Bhure alleged that his father suffered a severe ear injury after Dhoble slapped him. \"The medical examination showed that the ear drum was affected. We wanted to a file the police complaint against the ACP, but the police station showed no sign of registering the complaint against Dhoble. Hence, we approached the minority welfare,\" Shakil Bhure said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "13102639", "title": "Body found in Ghaziabad drain", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The negligence of civic agencies appears to have claimed one more life in Ghaziabad after a man's body was found in an open drain in Govindpuram area near PAC 47 battalion camp. The man had gone missing three days ago. Police recovered his body from the drain on Friday.The deceased has been identified as Shakeel (40). The matter came to notice after locals spotted the body and informed cops. Shakeel was a conductor in a private bus. \"It seems that Shakeel did not see that the drain was open and fell into it,\" a cop said. The incident could have occurred when Shakeel was urinating in the drain, said cops. \"The exact cause would be clear once the investigating team gets the postmortem report,\" a senior cop said.Cops are yet to ascertain which civic agency is to be held responsible. The drain was originally covered by GDA. Govindpuram Colony, where the incident took place, has been handed over to Ghaziabad Nagar Nigam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "jerusalem", "code": "13101531", "title": "WHO urges Israel to act on Palestinian hunger-strikers", "text": "JERUSALEM: The World Health Organisation today urged Israel to give quick and suitable health care to Palestinian hunger-strikers, including their transfer to civilian hospitals.Close to 1,600 Palestinian prisoners are currently refusing food in protest against solitary confinement, detention without charge and restrictions on family visits, education and various privileges.The WHO said it was \"extremely concerned\" about their health, noting one was suffering from the blood condition thalassaemia and has \"refused his regular life-saving blood transfusions in addition to food.\"\"WHO calls on the Israeli authorities to ensure immediate and adequate access to appropriate ongoing health care for the hunger-strikers,\" it said in a statement from its Jerusalem office.\"WHO also requests Israel to ensure that... release to hospital be facilitated for prisoners requiring medical treatment.\"The hunger strikes have drawn international attention, with the European Union and United Nations expressing concern.Two of those protesting, Bilal Diab and Thaer Halahla, marked their 73rd day without food today.The Red Cross and Israeli and Palestinian rights groups say several prisoners who have been refusing food are close to death.Qaddura Fares, head of the Palestinian Prisoners' Club which tracks the well-being of Palestinians in Israeli jails, said today that 12 prisoners were currently under observation in Ramle prison infirmary.He added that there had been progress on some of the demands in talks with the Israel Prisons Service but that major gaps remained.\"The prison administration agrees on matters of daily life and visits from prisoners' families from Gaza ,\" he told AFP.But he said that an IPS proposal to review solitary confinement on a case-by-case basis was unacceptable to prisoners.\"They want to approach it collectively,\" he said. Lawyer Jawad Bulus, who represents several of the hunger-strikers said that seven of them had stopped receiving essential minerals by drip and \"had taken nothing more than water since Tuesday.\"\"The prison doctor told me there was real fear for their lives,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13102360", "title": "CBI questions former minister Anant Misra", "text": "LUCKNOW: The CBI on Friday questioned Anant Kumar Misra alias Antu Misra, the minister for medical and health during the Mayawati regime. He was questioned in connection with murders of two CMOs (family welfare) in Lucknow. The murders are directly linked to the Rs 5,700 crore National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam which, too, is being probed by the CBI.Sources said Misra was questioned at length for his alleged role in the murder of CMO Vinod Arya. Misra's involvement in the case is believed to have surfaced during the interrogation of another former Lucknow CMO Dr AK Shukla.In his statements before the CBI, Shukla is believed to have mentioned the name of Anant Misra, accusing him of being in the know of all that was going on in connection with the NRHM scam. It was on the basis of these statements of Dr Shukla that the former minister was summoned by the CBI on Friday. He was grilled for hours before the investigators allowed him to leave with the assurances that he would make himself available before the agency as and when required.Misra was questioned by the sleuths at the VVIP guesthouse on the MG Marg. While leaving the premises, Misra told the waiting news crews that the agency wanted some clarification about a couple of things which he had provided the sleuths with. He refused to divulge details regarding the specific questions asked or the related issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "13104229", "title": "Chisty awaits orders for his passport release", "text": "AJMER: The fast track court of Ajmer on Friday got no order for the release of the passport of Pakistani virologist Mohammad Khaleel Chisty, a day after the Supreme Court allowed him to visit his country till November 1.The Supreme Court on Thursday granted permission to Khalil to visit Pakistan with a certain condition but the passport of Chisty was seized by the Ajmer court while releasing him on bail last month on the orders of Supreme Court.\"The court has to see what instructions are given to release the passport by the Supreme Court. Today, we got not application nor any order,\" said Manjoor Ali, public prosecutor of the court.He further said the surety money mentioned in the order has to be deposited in the Supreme Court and it is not the affair of the court here. \"Whatever directions given to the fast track court will be followed,\" Manjoor said, adding that the court will open on Monday. Chisty is also keenly waiting for the orders for release of his passport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "13103717", "title": "Chikmagalur municipal corporation identifies 142 parks in Chikmagalur city", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: The city municipality has finally realized the importance of parks in the city and now has identified 142 parks in all the 34 wards and the lost boundaries and searching for care takers by adopting it.Speaking to TOI, CMC president C R Premkumar said they conducted a citizen meeting to have their suggestions and also to apprise the CMC for the adaptation plan recently, which received a good response.In the city, eight parks have already been developed and beautified. However CMC, which is having a shoe string budget, is not able to maintain all the parks in the city. Hence, they have now started contacting various commercial banks, business associations, private school managements, hoteliers association to adopt at least one park for its day-to-day maintenance.In the first phase, Premkumar said, by utilizing its funds the CMC will fence the park area and also provide water and other basic improvements. Additionally it will have a detailed maintenance cost and approach various institutions to rope them in for maintenance, he added.CMC persident also said all the parks will be named after famous litterateurs and personalities of the city and will form a committee headed by the ward councilors to supervise the park along with the institutions which adopts it.Premkumar said in some areas the space left for the park has been encroached and has asked the commissioner to find out such incidents and to start eviction process.He further said that suggestions to categorize parks as undeveloped, developed and under developed will be followed and CMC will work out the cost to develop the park and will also workout the details of annual maintenance and then approach the institutions to adopt it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13103934", "title": "Uttar Pradesh paints a dismal picture on child rights", "text": "VARANASI: While Uttar Pradesh tops in child labour problem in the country, percentage of child sexual abuse is also alarming in the state, reveals the report released by the UP network of Campaign Against Child Labour (CACL).The CACL released the report on the status of child rights in the state -20 years of United Nation Child Rights Convention 'A Balance Sheet'- at a state level workshop organized in the city on Friday.According to the report, UP houses about 20% child labourers of the country in different sectors. While there are 12666377 child labourers in the country, UP has 1927997 child labourers. According a report of International Labour Organisation (ILO), about 70% child labourers are engaged in agricultural sector in the country, while 60,000 children are engaged in glass and bangle industries, about two lakh children are involved in hazardous industry of fire crackers and two lakh children are engaged in the carpet industry.The report further suggests that cases of child sexual abuse are in alarming state. According to the records of National Crime Record Bureau and National Commission for Protection of Child Rights, 900 out of 5446 cases of rape in 2008 were in UP. As per a report, 61 out of 298 cases of child sexual abuse were recorded in UP in 2007. In UP 8.4% girls and 3.57% boys are the victims of sexual abuse in different forms. About 49.7% girls are married before the age of 15 while 79.6% marriage takes place at 18 or before.According to the report, the scene of basic education is not satisfactory in the state. Under the provision of Right to Education Act 2009, there should be one teacher for 30 students in primary school and 35 students in upper primary school. But currently the student-teacher ratio is 50:1 that affects the quality of basic education. There is shortage of teachers in primary and upper primary schools in the state with 188731 vacant posts. For quality basic education as per RTE Act the state needs 12000 new primary schools, 3000 new upper primary schools, 1.10 lakh additional class rooms, and 2.5 lakh additional teachers. Presently 22.2% children are still out of school in the state while 22.8% children are dropouts. The report also suggests that the child health is far from the satisfactory level event 20 years after the implementation of UN CRC. In UP 42.3% children are underweight while 14.5% children are the victims of malnutrition.Addressing the workshop, speakers expressed serious concern on the poor state of child rights in the state as well as country. The workshop was addressed by chairman of district consumer forum MP Yadav, Koshor Jha, north India coordinator of Terre Des Hommes, Germany, Arun Tripathi of All India Bar Association, Rajni Kant, CACL convener of UP and others. The representatives of about 60 NGOs from 15 districts took part in the workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13107031", "title": "SIICA is now SIMA", "text": "The South Indian International Cinema Awards (SIICA) that is scheduled to be held in Dubai from June 21 to June 22 this year has been renamed as South Indian International Movie Awards (SIIMA) for numerological reasons. An official of SIIMA, on condition on anonymity, revealed, \"The change in the name was incorporated after consulting a numerologist.\" Top stars from Tollywood, Kollywood, Mollywood and Sandalwood are expected to converge in Dubai next month for the SIIMA function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13103915", "title": "Power meters of 12 houses sealed", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Continuing their drive against illegal consumption of power, a team of power department raided a number of houses on Thursday. Either installation of devices had been reported by the staff in these houses or the consumption pattern was found to be quite less as compared to the size of the house and number of occupants along with appliances installed on the premises.Mohd Feroze, executive engineer, administration, said the raiding team found five house-owners, in Mayo Hall division, guilty of installing illegal devices. Similarly, in Rambagh division, seven house-owners were found guilty of power pilfering.The power department teams, led by sub-divisional officers of Mayo Hall division and Rambagh division, took the meters in their possession, which were subsequently sealed in the presence of consumers.Besides this, around 120 illegal connections were snapped and an amount of Rs 67.5 lakh was realised as revenue by the power department.The ongoing drive would be intensified in the coming days in the backdrop of rising demand during the summer season and indiscriminate use of heavy duty appliances, like air-conditioners and desert coolers, by consumers. The consumers mostly avoid disclosing the actual electricity load on their premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13101967", "title": "Six bravehearts awarded", "text": "KOLKATA: Six people, including a woman, were awarded for their bravery at 'Aapni-O-Police' an event organized by Manan, an NGO, in association with Kolkata Police. The awards programme was attended by Kolkata Police commissioner R K Pachnanda and actor Prosenjit Chatterjee among others.The six bravehearts who received awards are - Bipul Das, Madhumita Roy Chowdhury, Arun Kumar Das, Indrajit Pore, Sarfaraz Ali and Karu Yadav.\"I'm sure that there are not just six but more than six lakh people in this state who deserve credit for many such efforts that have not come to light. It is important for us to support the police and administration and abide by the law. There's no pride in breaking any law. Laws and rules are made for our own benefit. I dislike indulging in such acts and stood up against those indulging in them at times,\" Chatterjee said.According to Pachnanda, it is important for citizens to assist the police in its fight against crime.\"In today's society, when the fight against crime has become tougher, it is important that citizens look up to the police for help and support. It is also important that citizens don't lose hope in the law as these people have shown through their extraordinary feats,\" said Pachnanda.Some procrastinate. Others go beyond the call of duty to help others. Bipul Das falls in the second category. While working as a security guard, Bipul Das heard shrieks from a flat in the apartment building next door. On finding the entrance locked, the brave man climbed up the water pipes to the flat and rescued the maid who was being held at gunpoint by robbers.The incident occurred on April 17 and Das' act led to the capture of the criminals. On Friday, the brave security guard was awarded at 'Aapni-O-Police' an event organized by Manan, an NGO, in association with Kolkata Police.\"I was initially confused on hearing the shrieks. Before long, I got hold of myself and took a decision. I realized later that the woman could have been killed had I not reacted fast,\" Das said at the programme that was attended among others by Kolkata Police commissioner R K Pachnanda and actor Prosenjit Chatterjee.Das was one of six persons, including a woman, awarded for bravery. The five others were Madhumita Roy Chowdhury, Arun Kumar Das, Indrajit Pore, Sarfaraz Ali and Karu Yadav.\"It feels great to be awarded and recognised for my act but I also feel that the police played a wonderful role in helping me fight the criminals and help the family in distress. I believe that we should allow the law to take its own course and never take it in our own hands,\" Das said.\"I'm sure that there are not just six but more than six lakh people in this state who deserve credit for many such efforts that have not come to light. It is important for us to support the police and administration and abide by the law. There's no pride in breaking any law. Laws and rules are made for our own benefit. I dislike indulging in such acts and stood up against those indulging in them at times,\" Chatterjee said.According to Pachnanda, it is important for citizens to assist the police in its fight against crime. \"In today's society, when the fight against crime has become tougher, it is important that citizens look up to the police for help and support. It is also important that citizens don't lose hope in the law as these people have shown through their extraordinary feats,\" said Pachnanda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13109949", "title": "Three Northeast states to have planetariums by next year", "text": "PANAJI: The National Council of Science Museums (NCSM) plans to set up three planetariums in the North East region, including Nagaland , Manipur and at Jorhat in Assam.\"In the last three years we had six planetariums across the country. We are planning for three more in the North Eastern region\", NCSM Director General G S Rautela told a gathering at Miramar near here.He said the projects planned in Nagaland, Manipur and at Jorhat in Assam will be completed next year.Rautela was addressing a gathering during the inauguration of a planetarium on the Goa Science Centre campus at Miramar.Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar inaugurated the facility built at a cost of Rs one crore.Rautela said that even though it generally costs around Rs 80 lakh for a planetarium, the escalating cost of construction is making it touch the Rs one crore mark.According to Rautela, the dome of the planetarium at the Goa facility becomes a screen.\"A dominant feature of this facility is a dome-shaped projection screen, onto which scenes of stars, planets and other celestial objects can be made to appear and move realistically to simulate the complex motion of the heavens\", he added.Goa government has pitched in shouldering 35 per cent of the total cost of the project, which is expected to become a tourist attraction next to the Miramar beach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "parvathipuram (vizianagaram)", "code": "13104037", "title": "Maoists kill contractor in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "PARVATHIPURAM (VIZIANAGARAM): A civil contractor was killed on Friday by Maoists at Gecchali village near Narayanapatna block in Odisha's Koraput district, 45 km from here. Jami Prasad, 45, was killed while he was inspecting the works of a culvert near the village. The Maoists warned him against taking up the works. The Maoists slit his throat, suspecting him to be a mole of security forces, sources said.In a press note released in the name of Koraput-Srikakulam area committee, Maoists said the contractor was not paying the wages to labourers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13104147", "title": "Naveen Patnaik, Jayalalithaa lavish praise on each other\u2019s pet schemes", "text": "On stage and off it, Odisha and Tamil Nadu chief ministers, Naveen Patnaik and J Jayalalithaa, courted each other with open declarations of mutual admiration and respect as they made a joint appearance at the Odisha Foundation Day celebrations at the University of Madras on Friday. Though the context was socio-cultural ties, its political significance was not missed. Members of the Utkal Association of Madras, organizer of the event, were quite excited wondering whether the two CMs, beaming and smiling at the cameras and chatting intermittently, were speaking of matters of political import like the presidential elections in July and a possible formation of a third front.\"We know they are meeting again over lunch and afterwards at Madam Jayalalithaa's Poes Garden residence and so there are possibilities,\" they said. Jayalalithaa and Patnaik have met twice in Delhi in the recent past, during the two meetings called by the Centre to discuss internal security and the proposed National Counter-Terrorism Centre.Speaking at the function, the two CMs lavished praise on each other's pet schemes. \"There was a natural synergy between Biju Patnaik and me. I thrice hosted him in Tamil Nadu. He was a colossus in politics and was a father figure to me. I am happy to host his son Naveen, who is like a brother to me,\" Jayalalithaa said. She recalled the \"historical links\" between the ancient Kalinga and Chola empires. In the current context, she spoke of \"acting and prospering together in the federal structure with outcomes leading to larger collective benefit\".After watching a dance troupe from Odisha perform, the two CMs left for the Trade Centre at Nandambakkam where Jayalalithaa hosted over an hour-long luncheon attended by all parties except DMK and DMDK. They then proceeded to Poes Garden where the duo had a 40-minute long private meeting but the media, expecting a major announcement was disappointed.Jayalalithaa flatly denied there was any discussion about the presidential election. Asked about Patnaik's proposal that she head the sub-committee of CMs on the NCTC, she said it was for the Union home ministry to take a call.FUNCTION DELAYED BY OVER A MONTHFor the first time in Odisha's history, the state's 76th foundation day was celebrated here on May 11 instead of April 1. \"We traditionally celebrate the day on April 1, but due to non-availability of both chief ministers on that date, the function was delayed,\" a member of the Utkal Association of Madras said. At the centenary auditorium of the Madras university, Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa unveiled the foundation stone of the proposed Odisha Bhavan, which will come up on 12,000 sq ft of land in Velachery. Jayalalithaa honoured eminent Odissi exponent Kumkum Mohanty, snow and sand artist Sudarshan Patnaik, musical stalwarts Vani Jairam and Ilayaraja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "huzurnagar (nalgonda)", "code": "13104046", "title": "Temple land allotted to poor", "text": "HUZURNAGAR (NALGONDA): In an attempt to alleviate the problems of the deprived sections, the endowments department has allotted a fair share of land belonging to the 500-year-old Sri Venugopala Sitaramanjaneya temple at Huzurnagar to the poor.A GO (no. 687) was issued recently allotting 52 acres in survey number 513 to the poor. The ancient temple is on an area of about 5,000 acres and a large portion of the land has already been leased to the farmers for agricultural purposes.Sri Venugopala Sitaramanjaneya temple does not draw much income but is considered to be one of the most ancient and archaeologically important shrines in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13103563", "title": "Two bidders for high security registration plates contract", "text": "PANAJI: There are just two companies bidding for the contract to fix high security registration plates (HSRP) on vehicles in Goa.Speaking to TOI, transport director Arun Dessai said, \"We have received two bids for HSRP, and the tender evaluation committee will meet on Monday to scrutinize the documents.\" The transport department opened the pre-qualification bids on Friday. The successful bidder will get a five-year contract to affix HSRP in the state.After scrutiny of tender bids, the process of allotment of the tender will begin. In April, the transport department issued a fresh tender for the HSRP contract. The last date for submission of bids was May 9, and the Supreme Court deadline for the implementation of HSRP is June 30.The state government had first invited bids for HSRP in 2005 and signed a contract with Shimnit Utsch in 2008. Following a protracted public uproar over the high rates being charged, the government scrutinized the contract and found irregularities. The government then issued a show-cause notice to the company in November 2010 and formally terminated the contract with Shimnit Utsch in January 2011.In May, 2011, the high court of Bombay at Goa also dismissed a petition by the company challenging termination of the contract by the state government. Subsequently, the government decided to re-tender the HSRP project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13102804", "title": "Mystery shrouds man's death", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A man was found dead in mysterious circumstances at municipal staff quarters at Madhavpura on Friday morning. Yunus Ajmeri, 53, a resident of Mansa, was found dead with multiple cut marks on his arms.Though his family members claim that Yunus committed suicide, police and forensic investigators believe this to be a case of murder. A complaint of murder has been lodged at the Madhavpura police station against unknown assailants.\"Yunus used to work as a driver with a doctor in Mansa and stayed with his family there. He was on a visit to his relative's house at the municipal staff quarter. His children were on vacation and he wanted to seek treatment for a case of partial facial paralysis,\" said Madhavpura police officials who are probing the case.His family members have told the police that they were chatting till late on Thursday night at the house on the first floor. And, all of them had gone to sleep much after midnight. On Friday morning, some neighbours told them that Yunus's body was lying in a pool of blood on the ground floor. Cops were informed immediately.The police found multiple cut marks on both his wrists and forearms. There was also a stab wound on his neck. When police asked his family members, they said that he was in depression owing to the partial paralysis and may have committed suicide because of this reason.Police inspector S G Parmar said, \"It is very unlikely that a man who commits suicide will have the courage to stab himself several times in this fashion. We are, therefore, probing all possibilities.It now seems that the family members may be hiding some facts and may have more to say on this matter.\"Based on the statement given by the victim's son Sahil Ajmeri, a complaint of murder was registered in this case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13102951", "title": "Tanker hits scooter, runs over pillion", "text": "MUMBAI: A 25-year-old man was killed in Byculla on Friday after a speeding tanker hit a scooter in which he was travelling.The deceased was identified as Shahnawaz Ansari, who was riding pillion on an Activa scooter. The rider of the bike, Saleem Sayed, sustained minor injuries. The police said the driver of the tanker fled the scene and is absconding.The accident occurred near the Reay Road bridge in Byculla around 11 am. Ansari and Sayed had gone to the Reay Road station for some work and were on their way back to their office. The duo worked in Marco powerhouse in Mazgaon.\"The tanker was coming from the Reay Road station and tried to overtake the scooter, hitting it on the side. In the impact, Sayed lost his balance. Ansari was crushed under the tanker and died on the spot,\" said inspector Arun Dhanawade of Byculla police station, investigating officer of the case.Ansari was a resident of Madanpura and is survived by his parents and three siblings. His body was sent to JJ Hospital for a post-mortem. The police have booked the tanker driver for culpable homicide not amounting to murder under Section 304 (A) of the Indian Penal Code. The tanker has been seized by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13103221", "title": "Flat burgled in Mahim", "text": "Unknown persons broke into a flat in Laxmi Ratan building opposite Karnataka Sangh Hall in Mahim and made away with jewellery, electronic goods and cash collectively amounting to Rs 6.17 lakh on Thursday.The complainant, Shrikrishna Dalvi (38), was not at home when the burglary took place. The police have registered a case of house break-in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13102247", "title": "HC notice to Punjab and Haryana, UT on rehabilitation policy for convicts", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking up a vital issue about absence of any policy in the region for rehabilitation of convicts after their release from the jails of Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Friday issued notice to both the states and UT administration seeking their response.The notice has been issued by a division bench comprising acting Chief Justice M M Kumar and Justice Alok Singh while taking suo motu cognizance of a letter written to the high court by a convict lodged in Karnal district jail.In his letter addressed to the high court, one convict from Karnal jail has submitted to the HC that on completion of his jail term, if an accused is released, he lags behind in the society and in case he does not get any job he again starts indulging in criminal activities. While informing about absence of any policy for rehabilitation of convicts after their release, the letter further added that a convict can be motivated to join the mainstream of the society by providing some job so that he may lead a peaceful life with family members. \"Attention of the state government should be drawn towards rehabilitation of the convicts after their release from jails,\" letter added.Besides the rehabilitation policy, the HC has also sought reply from both the states and UT to file reply on the issues of remissions granted to convicts and any special provision of remission for convicts with severe disability. Now the case would come up for further hearing on July 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13094745", "title": "Randeep plays Delhi gigolo", "text": "Randeep Hooda will play a DU PhD student who becomes a gigolo, in Satish Kaushik's 'Mayanagri'.\"The film is an adaptation of a novel, \"Do Murdo Ke Liye Guldasta\", written by my author friend Surendra Varma,\" Kaushik says, \"I'd been watching Randeep's work for a while. Last October, when he was in Delhi shooting, I called him for a meeting and narrated the story.He liked the script , but was apprehensive about the role, so he asked me for two days' time. After two days, he called up to say that he would love to do it. Randeep has given his best performance in ' Jannat 2' , and I'm certain that he'll play the gigolo's role wonderfully. He plays a DU student who completes his studies and moves to Mumbai to make money.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13109824", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar is a golden boy: Bengal CM", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Saturday described Sachin Tendulkar as a 'golden boy' as the state government and the Cricket Association of Bengal jointly felicitated the senior Indian batsman for completing one hundred international centuries.The felicitation ceremony was held at the Eden Gardens just ahead of the IPL clash between Kolkata Knight Riders and Mumbai Indians.Congratulating Tendulkar on behalf of the government, Mamata said, \"He is a golden boy. That's why we have gifted you a golden bat and ball. We salute your achievement. We are so proud of you.\"Tendulkar greeted the jam-packed Eden crowd first in Bengali by saying 'Bhalo Achi' and then added, \"Thank you all for your support I've seen over the years. It has been a pleasure playing. I will cherish these memories. I hope you continue to support me and the Indian team as you always have.\"Earlier the chief minister handed Tendulkar the golden bat and ball and also an earthen pot, containing 100 rasogollas (sweets).CAB boss Jagmohan Dalmiya also joined them as Tendulkar was bestowed with gifts, including a traditional 'Uttario' (scarf).Dalmiya also handed the cricketer a memento that read: 'Congratulations Sachin Tendulkar for 100 international centuries'.Mamata had recently suggested Tendulkar's name for the highest civilian honour -- Bharat Ratna -- in his congratulatory message when the Mumbai stalwart had notched the feat in Dhaka.The majestic Eden was decked up with giant Tendulkar banners that read 'CAB salutes Sachin'.The CAB also had put up 65,000-odd small posters in each of the chairs in the stadium for the felicitation.\"This is for the first time, he came here after the milestone. So we plannned to felicitate him in a befitting manner jointly by the state government,\" CAB chief Jagmohan Dalmiya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13102436", "title": "Brihanmumbai Electric Supply and Transport rakes it in after fare hike", "text": "MUMBAI: BEST has raked in an additional Rs 8 crore through sale of bus tickets in the past two weeks.Fares were increased by 20% to 50% while monthly and quarterly pass fares were hiked by 67% on some slabs. \"After the hike, we have earnedRs 50 lakh to Rs 1 crore extra every day on bus tickets,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13108537", "title": "'Sonic weapon' to be deployed during London Olympics", "text": "LONDON: The British military would deploy \"sonic weapon\" -- the US-made Long Range Acoustic Device -- in London during the Olympics which starts in July, a ministry of defence spokesman has announced.The spokesman said: \"As part of the military contribution to the police led security effort to ensure a safe and secure games, a broad range of assets and equipment is being used by our armed forces.\"This includes the LRAD (Long Range Acoustic Device) which will be deployed during the Olympic Games primarily to be used in the loud hailer mode as part of the measures to achieve a maritime stop on the Thames.\"The piercing beam of sound emitted by the device is highly directional. Some versions of the LRAD are capable of producing deafening sound levels of 150 decibels at one metre, the 'BBC' reported.But the device can also be used to broadcast verbal warnings, such as ordering crowds to disperse.The San Diego-based LRAD Corporation has previously sold the device to the US Army, which deployed them in Iraq for crowd control. They have also been bought by the US Navy and Air Force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13104130", "title": "Mumbai look to seal playoff berth", "text": "KOLKATA: Thirty-eight days and 57 games into IPL 5, Kolkata and Mumbai finally get to spar with each other for the first time this season.For a change, it's Kolkata who have their noses in front. In fact, they even have one foot in the play-offs, thanks to a bouquet of six straight victories. Mumbai are within sniffing distance as well, and their priority at the Eden Gardens on Saturday will be to log two points and 'lock' their knockout berth.Defeat will, however, not straightaway affect their chances of progressing to the last-four stage -- they have three more matches to play after this -- but will almost certainly hurt their ambition of finishing among the top two.Led by the feisty Gautam Gambhir, Kolkata will be determined not to take the foot off the pedal as they look to strengthen their chances of qualifying as the No. 1 or No. 2 team in the round-robin league. Going by the way they have been playing over the past one month, it will take a brave man to bet against Kolkata.The last game they lost was on April 15 that too by 2 runs to Mohali. Since then, they have blown away teams like Bangalore, Chennai and Delhi. Mumbai are the last 'target' en route to establishing their ascendancy over the big guns.It's no secret that Kolkata owe their red-hot streak to their prolific captain Gambhir (457 runs, 5 fifties, 146.94 strike rate) and a frugal bowling attack, spearheaded by Sunil Narine. The 23-year-old Trinidadian spinner is third on the wicket-takers' list with 15 scalps so far, but much more significant is his economy rate -- 5.30 runs conceded per over, which is unheard of for a spinner in this format of the game.Not many have read his 'mystery' ball so far, and it will be interesting to see how the maestro copes with it.The likes of Brett Lee, Jacques Kallis (the bowler) and Rajat Bhatia have been doing a fair job too, as a result of which no more than just two teams have managed 150-plus scores against them.Little wonder then that Kolkata's economy rate (7.01 runs per over) is best in the tournament. The Mumbai batsmen have blown hot and cold this season, but their attack ranks a close second, thanks to the brilliance of Lasith Malinga (20 wickets, economy rate 5.32).Skipper Harbhajan, despite averaging one wicket in two games, has not been easy to score off, while Keiron Pollard and Munaf Patel have the knack of breaking promising partnerships.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13101998", "title": "Chennai need win against Delhi to boost playoff chances", "text": "CHENNAI: With the business end of the IPL looming, Chennai and Delhi find themselves poles apart heading into Saturday's much-anticipated clash. While the 'yellow brigade' is fighting tooth and nail to stay alive, Delhi have virtually ensured a berth in the playoffs. For Virender Sehwag's team, the aim is to ensure a top-two finish. His strokeplayers would also want to get a feel of the Chepauk track that will host the final on May 27.A resounding victory against Hyderabad has left Delhi on a high and with the likes of David Warner firing on all cylinders, Chennai will face a tough test. The myth around 'fortress Chepauk' has been busted in this IPL and Dhoni knows the Warner threat all too well. Last October, playing for New South Wales, the Australian had launched a vicious attack on Chennai during the Champions League, ousting Dhoni's men from the competition.With Chennai's bowling not at its best, Warner will be hoping to repeat the October burst that left the likes of R Ashwin and Doug Bollinger demoralized. This time around, Ben Hilfenhaus has joined the Chennai ranks and it's up to another burly Aussie to keep Warner and Sehwag in check.Chennai cannot afford to put a wrong foot at this stage. They have to win two of their last three games to have any chance of qualifying. If anything goes wrong on Saturday, the champions will be left to fight for survival away from home against two teams -- Kolkata and Punjab -- which have already beaten them in the competition once each.On Thursday night in Jaipur, Chennai did manage a win but it wasn't exactly an inspirational performance. There was a stage when they needed 46 off 24 balls and Albie Morkel cashed in on the inexperience of Pankaj Singh to turn things around.The Delhi attack is much more balanced, with Morne Morkel leading from the front and Varun Aaron, Umesh Yadav and Shahbaz Nadeem chipping in smartly. Dhoni knows the top-order can't afford to falter the way it did against Rajasthan.\"Our top six need to perform. As the tournament is reaching the business end, the batsmen are coming under pressure early on. From now on, we need to bat freely to give ourselves a chance,\" the captain said.The team management is, however, worried about the illness of in-form batsman Faf du Plessis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13103822", "title": "CBI seeks answers from Army chief on bribe charge", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nearly three weeks after recording his statement, the CBI has sought certain clarifications from Army chief Gen V K Singh on his allegation that Lt Gen (Retd) Tejinder Singh had offered him a bribe of Rs 14 crore to clear the purchase of a fresh batch of Tatra trucks.A CBI team visited the Army chief's office on Thursday evening as the agency needed some clarifications, sources said.They added that the CBI also wanted clarity on the issue of delay on part of the Army chief in approaching the agency as the incident had taken place at least one-and-a-half years back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13106760", "title": "'I am back,' says Malavika", "text": "Actress Malavika Wales has just completed the shoot of her Tamil flick, 'Alagu Magan'. The film directed by Alagu Selva has her playing a village belle and she is paired opposite debutant Arjun Vijay.After doing two films in Mollywood - singer Vineeth Sreenivasan's directorial debut 'Malarvady Arts Club' and veteran director Rajasenan's 'Innaana Kalyanam' - the actress is now busy completing her third, 'Aattakadha'. The film will see her playing actor Vineeth's daughter.The film, directed by Kannan Perumudiyoor, is Malavika's first attempt at an art house flick. The actress, who is also trained in classical dances including bharatanatyam, mohiniyattam and kathak, besides martial arts, says she is hopeful of doing justice to her role in the flick. \"Although we started shooting some time back, the project was stalled due to some technical reasons. That left me hugely disappointed. But now, I'm happy that the project has started rolling again,\" says Malavika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13103786", "title": "Demand for pitchers goes up", "text": "KANPUR: The sale of pitchers had picked up in the city in the past few days. Available in different sizes, these earthen pots are a poor man's refrigerator.To cater to the needs of city folks, the potters sell these pots on the roadside shops. These days, one can easily spot pitchers being sold in the city. The potters, who have inherited the business of making clay items like pitchers from their forefathers, claim that the business has dipped as the refrigerators have become cheap and the buying capacity of the people had increased.Ask Raghuveer, a local potter how is his business doing and there comes the reply that the business is low in comparison to the previous years. He went on to add that there are still many takers of these pots.Mahesh, another potter by profession said that designer pitchers are being kept as showpieces by the people at home. Various sizes of pitchers are made to meet the needs of people.When questioned how many pitchers, he makes in a day, Mahesh replied that this depends upon the demand and that he never counted and the pitchers at his end.He mentioned that a smallest pitcher is sold at Rs 5. The bigger the size, the more the price, he added.Mahesh prepares various other items apart from making pitchers.Gol Churaha, Gaushala in Kidwai Nagar and Baradevi are a few places where one can easily get pitchers or commonly known as 'surahi'. For the slum dwellers and the lower income group people, pitchers are an essential need during summers. For the shopkeepers of the markets in the densely populated areas of the city like Gumti, Chamanganj, Govind Nagar, Lal Bangla, P Road and Sisamau, pitchers come in handy to store cold drinking water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102776", "title": "BEML over-charged for spares too: Army sources", "text": "NEW DELHI: Exorbitant prices to severe shortcomings in indigenization may not be limited to just Tatra vehicles supplied to the Army by Bharat Earth Movers Limited (BEML), according to Army sources and internal assessments.The supply of Armoured Recovery Vehicle (ARV) WZT-3 to the Indian Army by BEML suffers from similar issues, including steep prices for spare parts and lack of efforts to indigenize the vehicle. ARV WZT-3, supplied by Bumar of Poland, is based on a T-72 tank chassis and was introduced in service more than a decade ago.A detailed assessment shows that BEML has been charging the Army exorbitant rates for spare parts for the vehicle. The BEML offer is sometimes 20 to 30 times more than the estimated rates based on pervious receipts. For example, 'non-return valve', for which the estimated rate is Rs 1,608.81, was supplied by BEML at Rs 39,550 in 2008-09. The 'small bolts for track links', of which the estimated rate was Rs 424.70, was sold by BEML at Rs 15,480 in the same year. A mere 'nut in the set', estimated to cost Rs 192.08, was sold at Rs 5,505.BEML also failed to indigenize the vehicle significantly, leading to almost complete dependence on the Polish supplier.Army sources said the \"exorbitant rates\" for spare parts was going to cause serious problems because the overhaul of these ARVs is becoming due. As a result, the need for spare parts will shoot up. Source said BEML will not be able to meet the increased requirements because \"BEML has not set up any manufacturing facility so far, and most of the items demanded by us are imported by the defence public sector unit,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13110071", "title": "School teacher shot dead in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: A school teacher was shot dead on Saturday allegedly by two motorcycle-borne assailants in Chatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Nagar here, police said.Samarnath, a teacher in Shivli Manikpur school, was on his way to work when he was shot dead by the unidentified assailants near a railway crossing in Jagdishpur bazar area.A case has been registered and investigations are on, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13102964", "title": "Ahmedabad: Admissions for medical courses to begin from May 24", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The admission committee for professional courses has announced that it will begin the admission process on the medical, dental and paramedical seats from May 24.A committee member said that the admission forms will be available from May 24 to June 7.\"The duly-filled forms along with marksheet and other documents should be returned to the admission center at B J Medical College between May 29 and June 14,\" said an official adding that only those candidates, who have appeared for the Gujcet exam will be eligible to apply.This year around 23,000 B-group students have cleared HSC exams. The official said there are 7,900 medical and paramedical seats in the state for medicine, dental, BSc nursing, physiotherapy, ayurvedic homeopathic and other courses. Last year, over 700 of these remained vacant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13102392", "title": "What BJP needs: A new Lingayat leader", "text": "BANGALORE: No matter what measures the BJP adopts to put up a brave front, the CBI inquiry against BS Yeddyurappa does not mean the BJP's problems of a \"nagging former CM'' seeking to be reinstated in power, are far from over.On the contrary, the decision raises a fresh crop of problems. The party will now have to deal with a charged up Yeddyurappa, who knows he can no longer ask for a role but will still wants to be the game-changer.While the CBI inquiry will help Gowda go ahead with his cabinet expansion, the exercise is fraught with risks. If Yeddyurappa is slighted and his followers are not accommodated, it will only catalyze the simmering dissent in the party.The central leadership is aware that the Lingayat vote bank, in addition to the dalits, was largely responsible for the swing in the BJP's prospects , and gave it a slim majority to form the government. \"If the party has to retain the Lingayat vote bank, a leader from the community has to be projected. The Vokkaliga votes are not going to come to the party only because our chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda is one, as the major stakeholder of the vote bank is the JD(S),'' sources said.There is already a move to project rural development and panchayat raj minister Jagadish Shettar as the emerging Lingayat leader of the BJP. But whether Shettar will be showcased by Yeddyurappa as his successor or by the party, is also going to matter.Sources also don't rule out Yeddyurappa trying to split the party, closer to elections. The tour which he has announced to undertake to highlight the work done by him as CM, is being seen as a precursor to gauge the people's pulse. Either way, the BJP in Karnataka proved that enemies within the party ensured that it is not fated to govern in peace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13103586", "title": "Temperature comes down by 5 Celsius in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: After a hot start to May, with two of the first seven days touching the 40 Celsius mark, Chennaiites were surprised by a relatively cooler second week where the maximum temperature dipped by up to 5C. \"I was prepared for the merciless heat,\" said Rajan of Chetpet. \"The last week, however, wasn't as bad as the previous one.\"The maximum temperature, which was 35.2C on Friday, was 40.2C on the same day previous week and has hovered around the 35.2C through the second week. There, however, has been no significant change in the minimum temperature that has remained 28C.The relatively milder weather, officials from the regional meteorological office say, is due to the sea breeze. \"It has set in early these days, bringing down the maximum temperature,\" said Y E A Raj, deputy director-general of the regional meteorological centre. Also, the westerlies that bring on the heat have been relatively weak, he said. \"When the sea breeze sets in early, around 10.30am, the temperature does not go above 40C,\" said Raj.\"Usually, there is at least a one degree difference between the temperatures registered at the Nungambakkam and Meenambakkam centres. Nungambakkam is closer to the sea and is usually much cooler,\" he said.On Friday, Meenambakkam recorded 37.2C, two degrees higher than Nungambakkam.May is the hottest month of the year and the highest temperature ever in the city was the 45 degrees Celsius recorded on May 31, 2003. The average maximum temperature in the city from 1951 to 1980 has been 36.4C.According to met department officials, June is the most uncomfortable month. Although the maximum temperature is not likely to cross the 38 mark, the evenings will be warm and muggy. The sea breeze will be weak and set in only late in the evening or, worse, never set in at all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13103386", "title": "Difficult for wife to change lifestyle in hard times: Bombay high court", "text": "MUMBAI: If a wife is accustomed to a particular lifestyle, it is difficult for her to adjust in bad times, the Bombay high court said on Friday while hearing a plea for enhancement of maintenance.A division bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice Anoop Mohta was hearing a petition filed by film producer Gaurang Doshi's wife Madhuri challenging the family court's June 16, 2010, order on providing a monthly maintenance of Rs 50,000 each to her and their daughter. She had sought Rs 2 lakh for herself and Rs 75,000 for the daughter, besides accommodation and a car.Arguing that her maintenance be enhanced, Madhuri's petition pointed out that till May 2004, Doshi gave her Rs 3 lakh only for household expenses. There was a domestic dispute after that and the two had been living separately since then.Madhuri's advocate Satish Maneshinde said Doshi often delayed payment of maintenance despite giving an undertaking to court.Doshi, who made films such as Aankhen and Deewaar, earlier told the court that he was making another movie and waiting for the financiers to come from abroad. He also said he had huge financial liabilities.The judges asked Doshi to give, without prejudice, an extra Rs 20,000 for his daughter to spend during the summer holiday. \"You were taking them on a chartered plane, your daughter is accustomed to a good life. As a gesture of a good man, give her,\" said Justice Majmudar.\"As a good father, some enhancement will not hurt him,\" said Maneshinde, adding that Doshi led a lavish lifestyle and spent as much in a single day. He further said that for each film, Doshi earned a profit of crores. However, Doshi said, \"My last film flopped badly in 2004.\" When the judges asked him what he was doing for eight years, he said he was embroiled in litigation. \"There are good times and bad times. She must adjust. I don't deny I gave them a good life,'' said Doshi.Justice Majmudar then said: \"You are responsible. You made her accustomed to such a lifestlyle. Taking her on a chartered plane, etc. Once a wife is accustomed to a particular lifestyle, she will find it difficult to adjust in bad times.\"Doshi agreed to pay the amount after two weeks, saying he had to arrange for it. \"We wish you good times,'' said Justice Majmudar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13103631", "title": "65-year-old woman found murdered in Velim", "text": "MARGAO: A 65-year-old woman, Linda Andrade, was found dead in her house at Zaino, Velim, on Friday evening, under mysterious circumstances.The Cuncolim police have registered a case of murder against unknown accused.Police sources said that the body was found naked and her legs were tied.A nylon rope was also found near the body. However, no injury marks were found on the body, police said.Police said that the deceased's husband had gone to some place in Navelim when the incident occurred.DySP Mohan Naik also rushed to the site to guide the investigations.The body has been referred to the Hospicio hospital, Margao, for a postmortem. Cuncolim police are conducting further investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13103611", "title": "CM DV Sadananda Gowda to inaugurate project expo", "text": "MANGALORE: The campus of Sahyadri College of Engineering and Management at Adyar near here is geared up to host Srishti 2012, the tenth edition of state-level project exhibition and competition for engineering students that is being organised by the state unit Akhila Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP).Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda will inaugurate the programme on Saturday at 4.30 pm. A total of 250 stalls have been arranged for students to exhibit their projects. The event will witness the participation of about 2,000 students from over 80 colleges across the state. In addition to exhibition and competition, there will be paper presentations during the three-day event.Reception committee general secretary Kumar Alva told reporters here on Friday that projects will be evaluated by 70 judges including academicians, industrialists and science research scholars from reputed institutions. A group of three judges will evaluate each project and the first, second and third prize winners in eight branches of engineering projects will be announced on May 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "13108528", "title": "Dharamsala ready to host IPL matches on May 17, 19", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Even as Dharamsala gets ready to host the Indian Premier League matches on May 17 and 19 when Kings XI Punjab will take on defending champions Chennai Super Kings and Delhi Daredevils , respectively, it is excited for the India-England ODI in January 2013.Dharamsala was approved of hosting ODI by the ICC recently and President of Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association (HPCA) stadium, Anurag Thakur said that this is the first ground in Himachal Pradesh, a hill station in India, approved for international matches.\"Our entire focus is now on India-England one-dayer to be staged here early next year,\" said Thakur.He also said that it has hosted a number of IPL matches over the past couple of years, serving as the second home for the Kings XI Punjab franchise.This is the third season of IPL and the city has got a facelift with roads being re-laid and around 1500 police personnels deployed for the upcoming matches.The tickets of the May 19 match is also all sold out. The organisers claimed that the arrangements are all complete and the venue is all prepared to host Himachal Pradesh Chief Minister PK Dhumal, the guest of honour in these matches.It was the IPL experience that convinced the association that they were capable of hosting international games.Dharamsala earlier had hosted a tour opening game between the Indian Board President's XI and Pakistan in 2005, and later a Match of visiting South Africa Team.Since then the stadium has hosted 24 matches in the Ranji Trophy, apart from hosting two ODIs between India Under 19 vs Australia Under 19 on September 24 and 25, 2005.With the expansion of the IPL in 2010, Dharamsala has the potential to become one of the most popular venues.\"The setting and outlook of this venue is outstanding, being located in the shadow of the Himalayan Mountains, making it one of the most unique in the cricketing world,\" ICC referee David Boon , who passed this stadium, said in a report.The mountains add to the serenity of the venue. Another impressive feature is its openness and small-sized stands, which allow for winds to sweep across, giving fast bowlers assistance in the air.The venue is the first in India to use winter rye grass scattered around the outfield, which prevents the grass from dying when temperatures fall below 10 degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13103795", "title": "'Changing rooms, toilets for women on beaches'", "text": "PANAJI: Members of Goa State Commission for Women (GSCW) along with the National Commission for Women members met state women and child minister Dilip Parulekar and demanded the government ensure a changing room and bathroom for women on Goa's beaches.\"Goa is a popular tourist destination, yet the beaches have no changing room or toilets for women. Due to this, they are forced to book a hotel room,\" said GSCW chairperson Ezilda Sapeco.GSCW members met the minister along with National Commission for Women member Nirmala Samanth Prabhawalkar. Prabhawalkar had a meeting with GSCW on Thursday to discuss issues that affect women in Goa and what needs to be done to improve facilities for them.The members have also requested that the state have women protection officers. \"As per the Domestic Violence Act of 2005, the state has appointed protection officers, but all of them are male. We need to have female protection officers,\" said Ezilda. Protection officers are appointed to assist courts in dealing with complaints of domestic violence. They are required to help victims in proceeding with the case, while simultaneously aiding the courts by filing the necessary reports relating to the matter at hand.Women commission members have also demanded that with several massage parlours mushrooming in the state, there is a need for the health department to regulate and monitor them. \"This needs to be done to ensure that women working there are not exploited,\" added Sapeco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13108284", "title": "Ambedkar cartoon row: Ex-NCERT adviser office attacked", "text": "PUNE: A day after NCERT advisor and head of the department of political science and public administration at the University of Pune Suhas Palshikar resigned following the controversy over the reproduction of a cartoon of B R Ambedkar in school textbooks, his office at the University of Pune was ransacked by four young men on Saturday. The assailants claimed they were from the Republican Panthers.Two of them - Rahul Bharat Khandare, a resident of Pune, and Subhash Waman Telgute, of Buldhana district - were arrested later on charges of damaging public property, trespassing and obstructing a public servant from discharging his duty.After a furore in Parliament over a sketch by political cartoonist Shankar Pillai in 1949, Palshikar and Delhi-based political scientist Yogendra Yadav had resigned as advisors to NCERT.Senior police inspector Ajay Kadam said the two arrested accused claimed to be members of Republican Panther of India. A hunt is on for the other two suspects.'They ransacked office &amp; ran away'Suhas Palshikar said four youths came to his office around 1.30pm on Saturday and started arguing that a cartoon in an NCERT book had insulted Ambedkar.Palshikar had resigned on Friday as NCERT adviser following the controversy.\"I tried to convince them that that was not the case, but in vain. They targeted the table, chair and cupboard and broke the window panes. They did not manhandle me though.\"A research assistant, Vivek Ghotale, who was present at the time of the attack, said, \"Palshikar spoke to the youths for about 20 minutes and explained to them what was written in the textbook and what the cartoon actually meant. Sir offered them the book and photocopies of page numbers 17-19 and asked them to read, but they were not interested in reading. They ransacked the office, threw blue colour on the scattered books and ran out of the office.\"On hearing the commotion, students and security guards rushed to Palshikar's cabin. They nabbed two of the intruders - Rahul Bharat Khandare and Subhash Waman Telgute - while two others - Sagar Gaikwad of Wagholi and Balaji Gaikwad of Manjri, Pune - managed to flee. The police reached the spot after the security personnel informed them about the incident and took the two youths into custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13103599", "title": "Don't put a foot wrong", "text": "HUBLI: Despite knowing the risk involved, commuters in twin cities stand on the footboard of the bus while travelling. It is common to see men and youth, even school boys hanging from the footboard while on the move. However, those who enjoy such risky ride may now have to face the music. And drivers and conductors of the bus will not be spared either.To prevent footboard travelling in twin cities, the Hubli-Dharwad police department has decided to put its foot down and tell passengers that they can't get away with this any more.Police will also crack the whip on erring conductors and drivers of the bus, for allowing people to venture on a dangerous journey.Police will book cases against commuters who stand on the footboard while on the move and impose hefty penalty on them. Also they will slap a fine on the conductor and driver of the bus, said traffic ACP NS Patil.Special DriveK Ramachandra Rao, Hubli-Dharwad police commissioner told TOI: Soon we will begin a special drive to control footboard travelling in the twin cities of Hubli-Dharwad. We will impose fine on such commuters and also on bus drivers and conductors for taking more number of passengers in the bus, exceeding the seating capacity.While overcrowded buses could be a reason for people embarking on a journey on footboards, more often than not it is a craze among men and students to hang from the footboard, said a NWKRTC conductor, who wished not to be named.\"Even when buses are empty, many prefer to stand on the footboard. College students just don't listen to our pleas and refuse to come inside,\" he said.There have been instances in the past of people falling off from the footboard and suffering injuries. However, that hasn't prevented people from risking their lives, the conductor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13103897", "title": "Ailing district women's hospital adds to patients' woes", "text": "VARANASI: Though the Shiv Prasad Gupt (SPG) Divisional Hospital and the Deen Dayal Upadhyay (DDU) district hospitals have claimed that they do not cater to gynaec patients due to the presence of the District Women's Hospital in the city, the condition of the only government women's hospital, however, paints a sorry picture before hundreds of patients who visit the hospital expecting better health facilities.More shocking is to see that the hospital lacks proper pathological facilities due to the absence of a pathologist. While the hospital administration claims 24 hour supply of electricity and generator back up, most of the lights and fans remained defunct.When TOI tried to take stock of the district women's hospital on Thursday, some surprising facts surfaced. Records collected from Superintendent-in-Chief's (SIC) office, it was evident that out of sanctioned post of 15 gynaecologists, five posts are still vacant in the hospital. According to SIC Dr Vidyawati, out of sanctioned posts of 19 doctors at the hospital, only 14 doctors have been posted. \"We write letters and applications regularly at the end of the month, but no steps have been taken in this regard till now,\" she said.It may be mentioned here that DDU District Hospital and SPG Divisional Hospital have no sanctioned posts of gyneacolgists because of the presence of women's hospital in the city due to which most of the rural and urban female patients who cannot afford deliveries and other treatments at private nursing homes are dependent on this hospital only.According to Sister Kamla (name changed on request), in recent years, the number of rural women coming to deliver babies at the hospital has increased due to the amount they get under the Janani Suraksha Yojana (SJY). However, the shortage of doctors and nursing staff often create problems for them.Apart from that there are no sanctioned posts for paediatricians at the women's hospital, there is just one post of anaesthetist but it is vacant. Moreover, there has been no pathologist for the past two years. It is noteworthy that due to the absence of a pathologist at the hospital, all the major tests like diagnosis of STDs, diagnostic tests for typhoid, testing for tuberculosis , Liver Function Test (LFT) for hepatitis and jaundice, Total Leucocyte Count (TLC), Differential Leucocyte Count (DLC), and many other tests are not happening in the pathological lab of the hospital.There is only one technician who operates all the laboratory testings at the OPD and IPDs. According to technician Manoj Kumar , only simple tests like haemoglobin, blood groups, Urine, take place in the hospital. According to a patient, Leelawati Devi, \"whenever a big test is required, we are asked to go to the divisional hospital or to the private pathological labs to the test done.\"It may be mentioned here that approximately 250 patients turn up every day at the OPDs and there are as many as 180 beds. The importance of this hospital can be known by witnessing the long queues of patients and their attendants at the window from where the prescription is purchased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "13104336", "title": "Bail plea of Italian naval guards rejected", "text": "KOLLAM: The bail plea of the two Italian naval guards, Latorre Massimillano and Salvatore Girone, accused in the murder of two Indian fisherman at the sea on Febraury 15, was rejected by the chief judicial magistrate court, on Friday. The two will now approach a higher court with the same plea.Earlier in the day, the chief judicial magistrate, A K Gopakumar, extended the remand of the marines till May 25.When the bail plea came up for hearing, deputy director of prosecution K O Raju argued that the court had no authority to grant bail in murder cases. Denying bail, the CJM observed that the issue involved complex questions of law and at this stage it could not conclusively answer those questions.\"From the available materials, it can be understood that the petitioners are liable to be prosecuted for the offence under IPC 302 (punishment for murder), IPC 307(attempt to murder) and IPC 427 (mischief causing damage),\" said the judge in his order. The petitioners' counsel argued that the two marines were innocent and they were falsely implicated by suppressing the real facts and circumstance of the incident. They also stated that the incident took place outside the territorial waters where IPC was not applicable. They also argued that granting bail would not in any way hamper the course of the investigation. Advocates Suhail Dutt and Abhixith Singh appeared for the marines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13101778", "title": "Federal Bank posts 38% jump in Q4 profit", "text": "KOCHI: Federal Bank registered a net profit of Rs 237.60 crore during the fourth quarter ended on March 31, 2012. Year-on-year growth during the period was 38.4% compared to a net profit of Rs 171.72 crore a year ago. Operating profit of the Aluva-based bank reached Rs 372.43 crore, showing growth of 6.4% from Rs 350.22 crore last year.For fiscal 2012, the bank registered a 32.3% increase in net profit to Rs 776.79 crore from Rs 587.08 crore in fiscal 2011. Total income went up by 33.3% to Rs 6,090.73 crore from Rs 4,568.84 crore reported in the previous fiscal. Interest earned rose 37.2% to Rs 5,558.39 crore. Total business reached Rs 86,693.11 crore, an increase of 15.6% on a year-on-year basis. Total deposits increased 13.8% to reach Rs 48,937.12 crore, with as on March 31, 2012 from Rs 43,014.78 crore a year agoNRI deposits soaring 35.1%.Net advances went up 18.16% to reach Rs 37,755.99 crore as on March 31, 2012 from Rs 31,953.23 crore earlier.Gross NPA (non-performing assets) and net NPA were 3.35% and 0.53%, respectively as on March 31, 2012.\"We finished the financial year with an addition of 207 branches.Our first milestone will be to reach 1,000 branches by July 2012, and then we will consolidate and review the performance. We will have another 150 branches by the end of fiscal 2013,\" said Shyam Srinivasan, MD and CEO of the bank.The bank's board recommended a dividend of Rs 9 per equity share for the year ended March 31, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13103228", "title": "Wild ass faces space crunch", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Wild Ass Sanctuary located in the Little Rann of Kutch is the largest wildlife sanctuary in the country but the inhabitants of the sanctuary seem cramped for space.The population of wild ass has increased to 4,039 in 2009, as against the count of 3,863 according to the census conducted in 2004. As per 2009 census, officials said that there is less than 1.5 sq km area for each wild ass. The reason attributed was the non-availability of land. Apart from human settlement around the sanctuary, the government has been giving away land to the adjacent salt pan without expanding boundaries.However, experts feel that the 2009 figure of 4,039 was not accurate as the department has shown 15-20 per cent less count.A senior officer said that population of wild ass in the year 2004 was estimated at 3,863. The first census of the wild ass was conducted in 1940 when there were 3,500 wild asses. By 1960, the count fell to just 362. The species was then classified as highly endangered.It was in 1973 that an area of 4,953 sq km was ear marked as wild ass sanctuary. Officials said that since then, the population has grown by over 70 per cent but the area has remained the same.A senior officer said that with more wild asses moving out of the sanctuary, officials too are forced to move out of the sanctuary.HS Singh, additional principal chief conservator of forest, said, \"These are herbivorous animals and there is no specific territory for the herd. Besides, there is hardly any land available to be expanded as sanctuary.\"RL Meena, conservator of forest, Wild Ass Sanctuary, said, \"There is need for adequate space as the wild ass population has been heading towards the Greater RannWe are neither declaring the area as eco-sensitive zone nor in the process of increasing the boundaries of the sanctuary.\"Website goof upThe Gujarat forest department website shows a population of the wild ass of 2839, which is not even the count taken in 2004. The 2004 census has revealed a count of 3863 wild ass. The figures in most similar census are outdated. For instance, the official website for lions says that there are still 359 lions in the state. The 2010 census has revealed a figure of 411 lions. \"Barring the front page, the website is not updated regularly,\" said a senior officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13101888", "title": "UL Cyber Park eyeing biggies in IT sector", "text": "KOZHIKODE: UL Cyber Park, the first IT park in Malabar with special economic zone (SEZ) status, will appoint an international consultant to reach out to the biggies in the sector.Authorities of the park, promoted by Uralungal Labour Contract Co-operative Society Ltd, are now holding discussions with a few prominent international consultants in this regard.\"We have finalized a two-pronged strategy to attract the biggies. We will reach out to large IT companies, who have scripted success stories in the state, and all prominent multinational companies who are planning to expand their operations to tier II and III cities such as Kozhikode,\" said, P Gopinath, chief executive officer, UL Cyber Park.The park is planning to start an aggressive advertisement campaign by July. It will put up hoardings in all major airports in south India once its main building is completed.According to officials, UL Cyber Park would give priority to companies registered with SEZs.In order to attract city-based small and medium-sized IT companies, it is also planning to develop commercial space outside the SEZ area.The strategy is to allot 4.75 lakh sq ft, which will be available in the first phase, on multi-tenant basis.The park will have the capacity to accommodate 20-24 companies. \"We will speed up the second phase depending on demand,\" said Gopinath.The first phase involves an investment of around Rs 250 crore, with a consortium of banks led by Punjab National Bank funding the project. It is expected to generate 3,500 direct jobs and 14,000 indirect job opportunities in the first phase. Once it becomes fully operational, the park would create 20,000 direct jobs. The promoters are also aiming to bring in an international hotel chain to the parkKozhikode: Aiming to reach out to the biggies in the IT sector and attract them, UL Cyber Park, the first IT Park of Malabar with special economic zone (SEZ) status and promoted by the Uralungal Labour Contract Co-operative Society Ltd, will appoint an international consultant for the purpose soon.The park, which has recently finalized its marketing strategy, is presently engaged in discussions with a few prominent international consultants in an attempt to market the park and reach out to potential customers.\"We have finalized a two pronged marketing strategy for attracting biggies in the sector to the park. As part of this strategy we will reach out to the large IT companies who have scripted success stories in the state and all prominent multinational companies who are planning to expand their operations to the tier II and III cities such as Kozhikode,\" said, P Gopinath, chief executive officer, UL Cyber Park.After completing work of the ground of the main building, which the promoters are hoping to complete by the end of the month, UL Cyber Park is planning to begin aggressive advertisement campaign, including putting up of hoardings in all the major airports in South India, by July.According to the officials with the park, it would give priorities to the companies registered in the SEZs as for the companies that were not registered in the SEZs will not benefit much. The park is also aiming to develop commercial space outside the SEZ area in a later stage in order to attract city-based small and medium-sized IT companies.The strategy of the park is to allot space in the park, which will have 4.75 lakh sqft in the first phase, on multi-tenant basis and in the first phase the park will have the capacity to accommodate 20-24 companies.\"We will speed up development of the second phase of the park depending up on the demand,\" said Gopinath adding that in the first there will also be a facility forThe facility, which will be of world class standard according the promoters, involves an investment of around Rs 250 crores, with a consortium of banks led by Punjab National Bank funding the project, in the first phase. The park is expected to generate 3500 direct employment and 14000 indirect job opportunities in the first phase. Once the project is fully operational it would create 20000 direct employment, according to the park.The promoters are also aiming to bring in an international hotel chain to the park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13103481", "title": "Chennai cops probe love triangle in Minjur techie murder case", "text": "CHENNAI: Police probing the murder of J Pradeep, whose charred body was found at Minjur, 40 km from Chennai, on Wednesday, are now looking at the possibility of his being caught in a love triangle. The 30-year-old, who was reported to be a former employee of TCS, was working for its e-Serve division. He was allegedly close to a woman in whom another man was interested, police said.Minjur inspector P Singaravelu and his team are looking at all angles. \"We are not ruling out anything,\" inspector-general of police (north zone) P Kannappan said.Police said J Pradeep had helped a girl, on her boyfriend's request, to get a job at a software firm and became close to her after she broke up with her boyfriend. \"We have collected Pradeep's mobile phone call list and are questioning some of his colleagues,\" a police officer said.A TCS spokesperson from Mumbai said, \"Police are investigating this shocking incident and we are extending full support to them.\"Residents of the apartment complex where Pradeep lived remember him as a pious person. S Radha, who saw him come down the stairs on Tuesday morning wearing blue trousers and a white shirt, said, \"he smiled at me.\"\"Pradeep was a pious man and often visited the Saibaba temple. Whenever I needed help, I would knock at his door. He had given our landline number to his family members and they would call and inquire about him,\" she said.Radha and her daughter-in-law were shocked on hearing about the murder. \"We learnt about it on Thursday night through his roommate Arun. We have known Pradeep for eight years. He would be asleep through the day as he and his room mate worked at night,\" said Radha, who has been living at Rohini Apartments complex at Thirumangalam on Jawaharlal Nehru Salai.Other residents remembered Pradeep as a quiet man. \"We never saw him talking to any girl or bringing them home. They seemed to be teetotaler bachelors in the apartment,\" some of the residents said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13104177", "title": "Charges flew thick &amp; fast at policy meet", "text": "JAIPUR: The meeting of chief minister Ashok Gehlot with NGOs, doctors and social activists held at the OTS on Friday turned into a blame game event.The meeting's agenda to check female feticide in the state was pushed to the background even as the participants were busy pointing fingers at others for the sharp decline in the sex ratio.Allegations flew thick and fast with a participant claiming that doctors, indulging in malpractices, thrive under the patronage of politicians, while another said collectors are hand in glove with the accused.Some even alleged that the PCPNDT cell of the state government extorts money from hospitals to allow them to practice sex determination tests.Doctors accused the state government of harassing them in the name of filing Form F before conducting an ultrasound sonography.Jaipur Medical Association office-bearers said licenses were being suspended on the grounds of not maintaining proper records of Form F.JK Lon superintendent Dr SD Sharma said, \"It would be wrong to pin point at one person as everyone right from the person seeking a sex determination test to those conducting it and aborting the fetus are equally responsible for the crime.\"Besides levelling allegations, participants gave suggestions about controlling female feticide. All the participants insisted on the need to raise awareness on the subject right from schools to bring about a change in mindset. Dang area development board chairman Dr SN Singh said, \"The focus should be on educating the girl child.\"At this, the CM directed officials to look at ways to include the subject in school curriculum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13102461", "title": "Sari-clad robbers loot housewife at knife-point", "text": "NAGPUR: Two sari-clad robbers decamped with cash Rs 40,000 and some gold jewellery after looting a woman at knife-point in Hewre Nagar on Friday night. Astha Agrawal was stunned after the robbers urged her to part with the valuables. They also snatched her seven-month-old baby from her.Astha's son Rihanshu was playing at a neighbour's place. She had gone to bring Rihanshu back. As she entered the kitchen, the sari-clad men surprised her. As the housewife was trying to raise the alarm, one of them took Rihanshu in possession keeping the knife on his neck. The robbers asked the woman to usher them to the almirah where the valuables were kept. The robbers rushed out of the place after pocketing the valuables.City has been reeling under panic of sari-clad robbers and molesters who target women alone at home. There had been an incident of lynching of three sari-clad Bahurupiyasat Kalamna on earlier this week. Police said that the robbers duo seemed to have tried to capitalize on the already built up fear psychosis among the citizens. Nandanvan police has registered an offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13101767", "title": "Muthalamada panchayat against distillery", "text": "KOCHI: The Congress-ruled Muthalamada panchayat in Palakkad district has objected to the government decision to clear the controversial proposal to set up a distillery in the panchayat without consulting it. The panchayat has now decided to set up a seven-member committee to examine the proposal.\"The committee will visit the area where the distillery is proposed to be set up, on Monday or Tuesday, and will assess the implications of the project, as well as people's opinion about it. The report will be submitted to the panchayat council immediately, and the council will take a decision on it next week itself,\" panchayat president S V Selvam told TOI here.He said he would head the committee that will have standing committee chairpersons as well as members of the Puthur and Govindapuram wards, which would be affected by the proposed distillery, as members.\"We have objections to the government taking decisions without consulting us. However, it has also made it clear that the panchayat can decide whether to sanction the project or not,\" he said.Chief minister Oommen Chandy had claimed that the project had been cleared on a court order. That did not mean the distillery had clearances regarding environment or water availability, Chandy had said. The distillery is being shifted from Kozhikode to Muthalamada.Many environmentalists and intellectuals as well as several Congress leaders have criticized the government's decision to clear the proposal.According to environmentalists, the distillery was closed down in Kozhikode because of pollution, and relocating it to Muthalamada was an aggression on the people there.They also allege that the distillery would indiscriminately extract water, adversely affecting the water availability in the panchayat engaged in multiple forms of agricultural and horticultural activities.Sanction to the distillery went against the basic policy of the party to discourage production and consumption of liquor, some of the dissenting Congress leaders say.Muthalamada panchayat is presently being ruled by Congress with the indirect support of the BJP. Congress has nine members and BJP has three members. The remaining eight members belong to the CPM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "13104685", "title": "Probe on into gay activist\u2019s murder", "text": "KOLLAM: The complex and unusual relationships of Anil S, the gay activist who was found murdered on Thursday, are being probed by the police team entrusted with the investigations into the killing.According to a police source, Anil had been staying in the Neendakara Harbour Employers Quarters for the last eight years and had many people visiting him every day. He frequently hosted parties at the house and those parties often extended late into the night. This has often been questioned by the locals. On Thursday morning, Anil was found lying dead naked in a room in his quarters. A deep wound on his waist had caused intense bleeding that resulted in his death, said a police source. Anil had a very difficult past as he had often been rejected and sidelined for his sexual orientation and links with the gay community.\"He never tried to hide his orientation and had even come out openly to declare that he was gay,\" remembered Faizal, a friend who is also a gay rights activist.Police suspect that the murder might have been committed in the wee hours of Thursday. They strongly suspect that the murderer might be a local person or would have got help from someone residing in the locality. The police are also looking at the possible involvement of an extremist organization in the murder.Sources said the strands of hair and pair of sandals recovered from the scene will be crucial in the investigation. After postmortem at the Thiruvananthapuram Medical College on Thursday, Anil's body was taken to his home at Ayiramthengu in Karungapally. The cremation took place later in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13101680", "title": "Man gets double life term for twin murder", "text": "KOTTAYAM: A man who was found guilty of murdering his wife and daughter was on Friday awarded double life imprisonment by additional sessions court judge P Sankaranunni.Jose, 50, hailing from Konippad in Moonnilavu, killed his wife Lovely and daughter Manumol while they were staying in a rented house at Thidanadu on November 14, 2009. The court imposed life imprisonment on him and a fine of 10,000 each for the twin murder.The fine will be given to his son. The verdict also says that the guilty should be let out of jail only after serving 20 years continuously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13105911", "title": "My film is an experiment on low budget filming: Sudeep", "text": "Actor-director Sudeep has been spending a lot of his time with a bunch of youngsters in the industry lately.\"We are working on a short film featuring many of the industry's young actors. The film is an experiment on low budget filming,\" says Sudeep. The only investment so far has been on a couple of low cost camera lenses and on carpenters who have constructed material to support the equipment under Sudeep's guidance.\"We are trying to shoot a little something with low cost high definition camera. We shot a couple of scenes and then blew it up to see if it was up to big screen standards. The test has worked out well, so we are going ahead and shooting the entire film over 10 to 12 days this June,\" he says. The director plans to tell a story based on the land mafia through this short film.Actor Pradeep (of Jolly Days fame) has been roped in to play the lead. Actor Chiranjeevi Sarja will be working as assistant director on the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13102457", "title": "Platoon dalam members arrested", "text": "NAGPUR: Gadchiroli police has arrested a platoon dalam member in the latest joint operation with the central paramilitary forces on Thursday evening.Chaitu Neitam, 22, had been an active member of the Naxals' platoon dalam since 2008. Apart from Gadchiroli, Neitam has also worked in neighbouring Gondia district and Chhattisgarh for a brief period.Police said that Neitam was involved in a series of offences including the arson at Purada where he was part of the guerrilla squad that had gutted down the grampanchayat of Ramgadh village. Neitam also confessed to be part of the guerrillas, involved in an encounter with security forces at Salekasa in 2010.Neitam has worked for Kurkheda, Khobramenda and Korchi dalams too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13102437", "title": "29-yr-old rapes minor, held", "text": "MUMBAI: A Bhayander man, Ismail Pathan (29), was arrested for raping a minor girl (15). He had promised to marry her. On May 5, Pathan took the victim to his aunt's flat in Bandra and raped her.The victim confided to her parents who registered a case against the accused. Pathan was arrested on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13097342", "title": "PWI vs RCB: Royal Challengers Bangalore thump Pune Warriors India by 35 runs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Discipline Royal Challengers bowlers helped Bangalore register a thumping 35 runs victory over Pune Warriors India in an Indian Premier League clash at the Subrata Roy Sahara stadium on Friday.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | Top Performers of IPL | Match in PicsWith this victory, Bangalore jumped to third from fifth in IPL table with 15 points from 13 matches.Chasing 174-run target, Pune Warriors lost wickets at regular intervals and never looked capable of reaching the challenging target as they managed just 138/9 in 20 overs.Pacer Vinay Kumar was the wrecker-in-chief for Bangalore as he took three Pune wickets for 32 runs in four overs. Muttiah Muralitharan (2-16) and Zaheer Khan (2-21) took two wickets each whereas KP Appanna (1-30) and Harshal Patel (1-36) took a wicket each.Pune stand-in skipper Steven Smith remained unbeaten for 24 off 25 balls which included just one boundary. Whereas at the other end, Krishnakant Upadhyay remained stranded for 11 off 8 balls.Vinay scalped two wickets in the eighteenth over to reduce Pune to 122/9 in 18 overs and took the game away from the hosts with it. Vinay dismissed Rahul Sharma (0) and Alfonso Thomas (7) .Pune lost Bhuvneshwar Kumar (2) and Anustup Majumdar (31) in successive overs as they stuttered in their run chase. Majumdar hit four fours in his quick 26-ball innings.Muralitharan dismissed Kumar in the fifteenth over soon after Harshal Patel got rid of Majumdar in the previous over.Pune Warriors also lost Angelo Mathews (4) and Robin Uthappa (38) in quick succession.KP Appanna dismissed Mathews in the twelfth over to reduce Pune to 84/5 in 11.1 overs. Mathews fall soon after Muttiah Muralitharan dismissed in-form Uthappa in the ninth over.Uthappa hit a six and five boundaries in his quick-fire 23-ball innings as he tried to revive the Pune run chase with Anustup Majumdar. The duo put on quick 50 runs for the fourth wicket.Pune Warriors lost three wickets inside four overs against Royal Challengers.Vinay Kumar dismissed Michael Clarke (13) in the fourth over to reduce Pune to 22/3 in 3.5 overs. Clarke hit two fours in his 10-ball innings.Bangalore pacer Zaheer Khan struck twice in the very first over to give Pune early blows.Pune started their run chase on wrong foot as the hosts lost Manish Pandey (0) and Mohnish Mishra (4) and reduced to 4/2 in 1 over.Sent in to bat, Chris Gayle (57) and Tillakaratne Dilshan (53) helped Bangalore post 173/3 against Pune.Saurabh Tiwary (36 not out) and AB de Villiers (9 not out) remained unbeaten for Bangalore in the end as they put on quick 35 runs for the fourth wicket.Tiwary hit a six and three fours in his 30-ball innings whereas De Villiers hit a last ball six in his short 4-ball knock.Dilshan (53 off 44 balls) got run out in the eighteenth over soon after he completed his half-century off 40 balls. Dilshan hit a six and six boundaries in his quick-fire knock as he lead the Bangalore charge after two quick blows.Bangalore lost Virat Kohli (9) and Gayle in quick succession after a terrific start.Spinner Rahul Sharma dismissed Kohli in the twelfth over to check the Bangalore run charge as the visitors are reduced to 95/2 in 11.3 overs.Bangalore lost Gayle after he added 80 runs for the opening wicket with Tillakaratne Dilshan.After long rain delay, Gayle started Bangalore innings with feisty 31-ball knock as he smacked six huge sixes and three boundaries in his another whirlwind innings.Pune pacer Angelo Mathews struck in the ninth over to give the hosts a crucial breakthrough as he reduced Bangalore to 80/1 in 8.3 overs.The 'Orange Cap' holder took Bangalore to 66 for no loss with Dilshan after the mandatory six powerplay overs.The IPL 5 match between Pune and Bangalore started after almost an hour delay due to rain.Earlier, new Pune Warriors skipper Steven Smith won the toss and decided to field against Royal Challengers on Friday.\"The track gets better as the match progresses, which is why we want to chase. Sourav Ganguly has rested himself,\" said the young stand-in skipper Smith.\"We would have batted first anyway, the track may not get better. KP Appanna has come into the side in place of Syed Mohammad,\" Kohli said after losing the toss.Teams:Pune Warriors: Michael Clarke, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Anustup Majumdar, Angelo Mathews, Mohnish Mishra, Manish Pandey, Rahul Sharma, Steven Smith (capt), Alfonso Thomas, Krishnakant Upadhyay, Robin Uthappa (wk).Royal Challengers Bangalore: Mayank Agarwal, KP Appanna, AB de Villiers (wk), Tillakaratne Dilshan, Chris Gayle, Zaheer Khan, Virat Kohli (capt), Muttiah Muralitharan, Harshal Patel, Saurabh Tiwary, R Vinay Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13103028", "title": "High Court to Bombay Dyeing: Hand over land to Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation, Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority", "text": "MUMBAI: Textile major Bombay Dyeing will have to hand over massive chunks of its sprawling mill properties in Dadar-Naigaon and Lower Parel to the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation and Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada).The Bombay high Court on Friday dismissed petitions challenging stop-work notices to Bombay Dyeing for its failure to hand over one third of its mill land to the BMC to set up compulsory open spaces and recreation grounds and another one-third to Mhada for affordable low-cost houses.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi vacated the court's earlier stay on the stop work notices. The court has stayed its order for eight weeks to allow Bombay Dyeing to file an appeal.The court's order means that Mhada and the BMC will get around 65,000 sq ft of land in prime locations in the city. Activists and the state have been fighting to ensure erstwhile mill lands benefit the public and are not only used to house private residential and commercial towers and the order is a major victory for them.The projects are coming up on the company's erstwhile mill plots, Spring Mills in Dadar-Naigaon and another in Lower Parel. The plans for the mills include a 38-storey residential-cum-commercial and retail, IT spaces and a hotel.The stop-work notices (dated March 26, 2010) were issued on the orders of the monitoring committee headed by Justice (Retd) B V Chavan, which was set up to oversee mill land development projects.Senior advocate Navroz Seervai, counsel for Bombay Dyeing, had argued that the company was carrying out construction on its existing built-up land and the question of handing over plots to the BMC and Mhada would come up only when it completed construction on 30% of the remaining plot. Mhada's lawyer G W Mattos opposed this argument, saying there was as no concept of built-up land under the rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13101912", "title": "Rape victim pins hope on judicial system", "text": "KOLKATA: The Park Street rape victim is convinced that justice would be hers soon. And the submission of the charge-sheet against the five accused in rape case on Thursday came as a silver lining to her. She feels that it is another step towards justice.\"I came to know about the charge-sheet from newspapers on Friday only. It gives me a sense of relief that the case is moving towards the right direction and I will get justice soon,\" Tina told TOI.The victim was allegedly raped in a moving car on the wee hours of February 6, assaulted and thrown out on the car. The accused had befriended her in a Park Street night club and offered her lift. The prime accused Kader Khan allegedly raped her inside the car in the presence of the other four. The woman turned up at the Park Street Police station on February 9 to lodge a comaplaint.Police has slapped sections 376 (2g) (gang rape) and 34 (common intention) of the IPC against the five accused - Kadir Khan, Mohammad Ali, Nishad Khan, Naseer Khan and Sumit Bajaj. While Kadir and Mohammad Ali are still absconding, the other three were arrested on February 18.\"I get frustrated with the fact that Kadir is yet to come to police net. He almost killed me by shoving a gun in my mouth while forcing himself on me. It has been more than three months but the incident keeps tormenting me to no end. I wish Kader is arrested soon,\" she said.In the charge-sheet, police corroborated all the description by the victim in her complaint to the police.\"I am thankful to the police for their patience, co-operation and their confidence on my statement,\" Tina said.Initially shaken and brutalized, the 37-year-old said she has learnt to live with the trauma. Cops are still posted in her house 24X7 as she gears up for the big battle ahead in the court.\"No matter what, I want these men to be punished so that they will never even think of committing such crime against a helpless woman. They have abused me physically and mentally. Now I am not going to be cowed down and let them defeat me. It is going to be a tough battle ahead but I will not feel intimidated at any point and speak the truth in the court as well,\" Tina said.People, including family and well wishers, who questioned her integrity/morality after the incident, are now slowly changing their mentality towards her, she said. Many now are appreciative of her determination and grit to fight back. Though she was never a regular at the church , Tina now attends church regularly as she had a made a vow, apart from getting peace and mental strength.\"The comment made by the CM on the incident came as a rude shock. But I guess being woman and also nice human being she soon realized that I was not lying. The fact that I still get police protection proves that my plight and the truth has struck the CM somewhere in her heart. I am confident that she would assure of no women in the state meeting my fate,\" Tina said.The rape victim is slowly limping back to life and has even started looking for a job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13102940", "title": "Metering of water connections to begin in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: The public health engineering department (PHED) is to start implementing the state's new 'Urban Water Policy' in Gurgaon this week. The 2012 policy, announced last month, aims to put an end to wastage of water and shift all urban and rural connections in the district to metered supply. It's estimated that around 20% of water supplied to the city is wasted daily, owing simply to unmetered connections and unregulated use.\"We have got the instructions from Chandigarh, and we are beginning the drive in a few days,\" said Pradeep Kumar, executive engineer, PHED. The department is to launch an awareness campaign to popularize the new directives which mandate that all consumers install water meters within this financial year. \"All unmetered connections will be penalized. There is a Rs 1,000 fine and the defaulter's connection might also be scrapped,\" Kumar said.Officials say that areas in the old town need more regulation in terms of water use. \"Old Gurgaon has a huge floating population also, and generally the water use in this part of the city is very high. There is an urgent need to check water supply to this region as most wastage results from here,\" added Kumar.Under the new policy, water use all over the state is going to be billed volumetrically, which the officials believe will cut wastage down to minimum. \"If we are only able to save all the water that is wasted, we will be doing a lot,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13104083", "title": "Barkatullah University department head demands security after subordinate threatens him department head demands security after subordinate threatens him", "text": "BHOPAL: Barkatullah University physical education department director Dr Akhilesh Sharma has lodged a written complaint against a faculty of the department saying his subordinate threatened him with dire consequences.When contacted, Dr Sharma confirmed the incident and said he has also asked for security after being threatened by faculty Yogendra Singh Sengar. \"I have tolerated his indiscipline on several occasions. Despite that he did not mend his behaviour. His absence from the class and indiscipline forced me to write a compliant against him,\" Dr Sharma said.TOI is in possession of copy of the complaint written by Dr Sharma to the university authorities. Asked the reason for demanding security, Dr Sharma said, \"Sengar threatened him after I asked him to take classes regularly. However, he was angry after I asked him to take classes,\" Dr Sharma alleged.Dr Sharma said Sengar has taken only 29 classes in the past one year. \"I have been receiving complaints from students about his absenteeism,\" Dr Sharma claimed.In the complaint written to university registrar Dr Sanjay Tiwari, the director alleged that Sengar came to his cabin on May 9 and threatened him. \"When I asked him the reason for his absence from class for 50 consecutive days, he abused me. He went out of the room saying I would have to face dire consequences,\" Dr Sharma alleged.Dr Sharma also demanded that Sengar be banned from entering the university. \"His presence in the university campus is not good for other employees. I do not want to disturb the functioning of the department. He may create problem for me and others,\" Dr Sharma said.Despite several efforts, Sengar could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13101406", "title": "Former Starbus conductor ends life", "text": "NAGPUR: A 27-year-old former Starbus conductor hanged himself for unknown reasons at his rented residence in New Koradi locality on Friday. Jeevan Borkar was sacked for remaining away from work by Starbus management Vansh Nimay, which operates the fleet on contract for Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), but was to resume work from May 15, making the suicide suspicious.Family members claimed that apart from lack of a job there was nothing that could have disturbed Borkar enough to commit suicide. He used the rope of a swing meant for his nephew to hang himself from the ceiling fan.Borkar had met the management a day earlier and family members claimed he was supposed to go to the office again. \"We were planning to buy him new clothes for resuming work. I suppose something went wrong when he went to meet the management,\" said his elder brother Durvesh.Borkar, a bachelor, had participated in the agitation by Starbus staffers against NMC, which led to his sacking. Borkar was also among the 596 to be jailed for the agitation staged during the Winter Assembly session in December last year. He spent three nights at Amravati Central Jail before Durvesh bailed him out.The second among three brothers, Borkar's family was dependent a lot on him. Durvesh said that his income was not regular and youngest brother Avinash has been working as a lineman with Spanco.Borkar was settling down in his job at Starbus when the agitation began, where he actively supported his colleagues demands. Families of several Starbus employees who took part in the agitation had to suffer as legal action was initiated for the violent protests. Relations between the management and former employees worsened after a spate of attacks on both sides.Family members claimed that Borkar kept himself engaged in the family-owned agriculture business near Saoner while he was out of job. But he was keen to get back his job as conductor.On the day before he committed suicide, Borkar slept in his younger brother's room. The following day, he locked himself up in the store room after the brothers had left. His sister-in-law raised an alarm when repeated knocks on the door did not elicit any response. The neighbours informed the Koradi police station. Cops sent Borkar's body for post mortem. They did not find any suicide note.Mahesh Kandalkar, manager of Vansh Nimay, confirmed that Borkar had stopped coming to work and had been replaced by fresh recruits. \"However, we were on the verge of taking him back,\" said Kandalkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13106592", "title": "Manav and Shweta welcome baby girl!", "text": "TV couple Manav Gohil and Shweta Kawatra welcomed their first child, a baby girl, on 11 th May.Sources confirm that Shweta was admitted to Kokilaben Hospital and had a normal delivery. A jubilant Manav confirmed the news and added that he was thrilled with the arrival of his baby girl. Manav and Shweta who have been married for the past eight years, first met on the sets of 'K ahaani Ghar Ghar Ki' and later on the sets of 'Kkusum' and became the best of friends before tying the knot in 2004.Best Wishes to the couple. Truly, Shweta Kawatra could not have asked for a better Mother's Day gift which happens to be tomorrow!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13104324", "title": "V S Achuthanandan launches personal attack on UDF candidate", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan unleashed a scathing attack on UDF candidate R Selvaraj on Friday, saying that the latter \"eating his own words\" was similar to someone swallowing his own vomit. He also said it was the character of dogs to eat vomit. VS was speaking after inaugurating the LDF election convention at Neyyattinkara.VS was obviously referring to the statement made by Selvaraj soon after his resignation from the assembly that \"committing suicide would be a better option than joining the UDF\". \"Now, did the gentleman cite any reason for leaving the party?\" asked VS. However, his speech mostly centred on the feuds in the UDF and the Congress. Criticizing chief minister Oommen Chandy for relaxing R Balakrishna Pillai's prison term, VS said the calculation of the UDF to use Pillai's services had gone awry and now UDF leaders were busy trying to settle the issues between the father and the son.VS also came down heavily on BJP candidate O Rajagopal, calling him a supporter of Narendra Modi , who had orchestrated genocide in Gujarat.The former chief minister also listed out the achievements of the LDF government led by him and alleged that the present government had sabotaged a number of welfare projects launched by his government.LDF candidate F Lawrence, CPM politburo members Kodiyeri Balakrishnan and M A Baby, LDF convener Vaikom Viswan, CPI state secretary Pannian Raveendran, Neelalohithadasan Nadar, A A Azeez, N K Premachandran, Kadannappally Ramchandran and CPM district secretary Kadakampilly Surendran attended the convention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13103774", "title": "Two persons found murdered", "text": "KANPUR: Two persons were found murdered at separate places on the outskirts of the city on Thursday night.In the first incident, the body of a 35-year-old man was found in the bushes near his house at Rooppur village.The body of Neeraj alias Kallu bore multiple fractures besides grievous injuries, with scratches on his chest and neck. Chaubeypur police were alerted after his kin spotted the body.During investigations, it was learnt that the man was last spotted with Ram Karan, a native of the same village. Earlier, he had gone to a nearby market to purchase vegetables. After coming back home from the market, Neeraj again went out with Ram Karan and few other persons of the village. Chaubeypur police have registered a case and launched a hunt to nab Ram Karan and others.In another case, a 30-year-old factory worker was found murdered and his body thrown in the agricultural fields at Singhpur village, under the jurisdiction of Bithoor police.The body of Ramesh Rathore, a resident of Baikunthpur in Bithoor, was found lying in the fields near a soap factory in Singhpur. There were injuries on the head and other parts of the body. Ramesh had gone for duty on Thursday morning.The villagers spotted the body on Friday morning and informed the Bithoor police. A case had been registered. No arrest was made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13102440", "title": "Local bodies' polls to be held in 4 phases", "text": "LUCKNOW: The State Election Commission has indicated that the election to the local bodies may be organised in four phases and will be held anytime in June. On Friday, state electoral officer SK Agarwal met officials from district administration and representatives of various political parties and decided on the future course of action.Speaking to reporters, Agarwal said that the commission will be issuing the notification for local bodies' polls immediately after the state government issues it. The state election commission has also decided that the poll duration be extended by one hour. The polling day will be declared a public holiday in the district, where polling will be held.The state government has already been bombarded with nearly 3,000 objections pertaining to reservation of seats in local bodies. While the local bodies directorate is struggling with over 2,500 such objections against reservations of seats in chairman in nagar palika and parishads, the department of urban development department was recording around 150 such objections against the mayoral seats.Sources in local bodies' directorate and the urban development said that the objections are being recorded and screened.It is only after this that the state government will be able to issue a notification that will decide the time when the local bodies' elections will be held. The state government had been asked by the Supreme Court to issue the final notification by May 31. It would be 45 days from the date of issuance of notification that the elections will be conducted.Sources said that the department is screening the objections and would be finalising them soon. This way, if the notification is issued after May 15, as it appears to happen, the local bodies' elections may be held after June 20.More than anything else it is the delay that has marked the local bodies. While Mayawati government was reluctant to get them conducted on account of ensuing assembly polls, the Samajwadi Party pushed them further by cancelling the reservation of mayoral seats, which was based on a rotational basis. The state government, instead, replaced it with what many objections allege was 'in consonance with SP's interest'.The SP government, however, did not change the way reservation of wards were done by the Mayawati government.Political observers insist that having successfully wooed the urban class in the assembly elections, the Samajwadi Party now wishes to repeat that in the urban local bodies as well. That can be done if reservation of mayoral seats is done according to the potentially winning candidates.For example, the mayoral seat for Lucknow and Kanpur which got reserved for women following rotational method, eventually became unreserved. Likewise, Varanasi, Bareilly and Moradabad have been kept unreserved. On the other hand, the seats of Saharanpur, Agra and Gorakhpur will be reserved for women, while the ones in Jhansi and Aligarh have been reserved for women from SC and OBC categories respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "13104343", "title": "Woman administered 'wrong' blood group", "text": "BALANGIR: In an incident of alleged negligence by blood bank officials of Red Cross blood bank in Balangir headquarters hospital, a patient was administered a wrong group of blood on Friday, leading to 'rigour'. Before the nurse on duty noticed the patient's deteriorating health, the wrong blood had been pumped into her for half an hour.Sources said Sujata Bagarty, who was advised by a medicine specialist to take blood transfusion to compensate for low haemoglobin count in her blood, had sent her blood sample to the blood bank for grouping. The blood bank marked her group as AB positive. As her husband couldn't arrange for AB positive blood, he exchanged his blood with the blood bank for a pouch of AB positive blood.Sources said when the patient's condition deteriorated, the nurse on duty stopped the blood transfusion. Sujata's blood group was tested again on the advice of a doctor at the hospital and was found to be B positive this time.\"She had a low haemoglobin count of 6.8 and was advised to take blood transfusion. Only an investigation can reveal what went wrong. But the patient is alright now and she has been discharged,\" said a doctor.Chief district medical officer (CDMO) Vikrant Kindo admitted there was a slip in the blood packet label. \"As per preliminary investigation, it was revealed that a wrong blood packet came from the blood bank for the patient. Only a few drops of blood had been pumped when the nurse discovered the anomaly. We will inquire further as to whose negligence led to the problem,\" the CDMO said.According to sources, in order to avoid further controversy the patient was discharged from the hospital shortly after being administered B positive blood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13103444", "title": "United Goans Democratic Party finds solace in Goa Vikas Party after Churchill spurns regional party", "text": "MARGAO: With former PWD minister Churchill Alemao deciding to stay with the Congress, regional outfit United Goans Democratic Party (UGDP) has decided to support the Goa Vikas Party (GVP) candidate with a view to \"avoid splitting of votes\" for the June 2, Cortalim byelection. Congress is yet to finalize its candidate for the bypoll.\"UGDP had been seriously working to field a single candidate backed by all parties opposed to the construction of Mopa airport. However, it now appears that Congress and BJP are colluding with each other to make Mopa airport a reality. It is well known the site for the airport was chosen and land acquired by the Congress, and the BJP is now completing the task of destroying South Goa,\" a release issued by UGDP vice-president Radharao Gracias said.Stating it would oppose Congress and BJP \"tooth and nail\", the UGDP note said the party would support the GVP candidate \"also because that party has announced its opposition to Mopa airport\".\"UGDP trusts that GVP will not at the last moment connive with the supporters of Mopa airport and withdraw from the fray,\" the release adds.GVP is yet to decide on its candidate, though party supremo Francisco \"Mickky\" Pacheco had earlier said that party president Viola would contest the byelection.Congress is also yet to decide on who will take on BJP's Alina Saldanha. What's significant is that Alemao has decided to enter the fray Cortalim only if he is offered a Congress ticket.\"I am awaiting the decision of the Congress central leadership. I have not asked for a ticket from the Congress. If they offer me the ticket, I am willing to accept it,\" Alemao said, adding that if he is denied a ticket by Congress, he would not contest the byelection. Speculation is rife that he might be given some party position.Asked what made him change his mind about quitting Congress, Alemao said he bowed to the requests of the high command as he was indebted to Congress president Sonia Gandhi .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13103753", "title": "Advocating for women", "text": "A mission to create awareness on gender equality. With many activities, the 47-year-old has also been batting for the empowerment of women for the past two decades.Sumana and her friends, through Samatha Adhyayana Kendra, a non-government organization (NGO), conduct free seminars, group discussions on gender equality in schools and colleges. With the intention of creating awareness on harassment on women, the lawyer also conducts competitions in drawing, painting and quiz on related topics.Sumana also distributes books, which cover women-related issues, among the students of schools and colleges. She and her friends identify destitute women and shift them to Shakthi Dhama, a short-stay home for such women. She later reunites them with their family members.By donating money and raising funds from like-minded friends, Sumana provides free education to orphan girls by paying their fees. Sumana said: \"I help poor girls who aspire to study. I feel gratified on seeing some of them who are pursuing post-graduation courses today.\" By organizing more awareness programmes on gender equality, she hopes to reduce harassment on women.Besides helping poor women, Sumana also helps women rescued from prostitution by rehabilitating and counselling them.With the help of various organizations, Sumanna conducts free training programme in handbag-making, tailoring and greeting card-making. Such programmes are aimed at helping the trainees eke out a living.According to Sumana, cases of harassment on women have come down in urban areas, but not in rural areas. \"Our plan is to conduct various awareness programmes on gender equality in villages,\" she added.Sumana is residing in the city with her husband Rama Raveendra, an advocate and two children -- Anu S Nettar, law student, and Anup S Nettar, VII Std student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13103405", "title": "Cops on vigil at Palladam after communal clashes", "text": "COIMBATORE: Police have deployed additional personnel in Arivoli Nagar near Palladam on the Coimbatore-Tirupur district border in view of the mounting tension between members of two communities. Police have taken 26 persons into preventive custody and are on the look out for a few more, who attempted to whip up communal tension in the area. Senior district officials including revenue divisional officer are camping in the area.According to police, tension between Hindus and Muslims in the area has been building up over the past one week after some miscreants destroyed a flex board erected by a mosque committee in the Muslim-majority area. The flex board, located in a public land close to the main road, had urged the public to donate liberally to construct a burial ground for the community. On Thursday, a section of the community organized a protest against the destruction of the flex board and gave a petition to Palladam police seeking action against those responsible. Trouble erupted when the protestors attempted to block the road for half an hour at noon. A few Hindus objected to the blockade, which led to heated exchanges between them and the protestors. Police dispersed both groups and booked people from both the groups.However, the matter didn't end there. At around 7.30pm, the car festival at local Muthumariamman Temple was disrupted when over 40 men and women sat on the road and refused to let the temple car procession through the village. Police arrested and removed the protestors and allowed the procession to move around along its traditional route.Following that episode, there were isolated attempts by members of both communities to attack houses and shops. A heavy posse of police was sent to the spot soon and 26 men were sent to Coimbatore Central Prison under preventive detention.According to S Paneer Selvam, police superintendent in-charge of Tirupur, the police are on the alert against miscreants taking the law into their hands. \"Timely intervention by police avoided blood letting in the area. We are taking action without fear or favour. Culprits would be arrested without taking into consideration their religious or political affiliations,\" he warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13101829", "title": "Govt mulls sops for nurses to avert strikes", "text": "KOCHI: Nurses in the state may get an interim wage relief till the government takes a decision on the recommendations of the Dr Balaraman committee or implements the next pay revision before 2014.Since the committee report has met with opposition from many quarters, the cabinet is likely to take its time to approve the recommendations made in the report, either fully or partially. So, in order to prevent more nurses' strikesthat paralyse hospitals, and not to antagonize private hospital managements, the government would soon be bringing out a package as a compromise.The Kerala Private Hospitals Association is willing to leave it to the government to fix the package. \"The payment package recommended by the committee is not acceptable to us. What we can pay is an amount that is more than minimum wages but less than what is put forward by the committee,\" says Dr P K Abdul Rasheed, the association's president.But the nurses' union would not hear of it. The union's leaders say that if the government does not take a decision on the committee by June, they would launch state-wide agitations. \"For the past three months the government has been holding us back from strikes with the promise that new wages recommended by the committee would be implemented in June. If they go back on their word, we would resume strikes in hospitals,\" says Jasmin Sha, president of United Nurses Association.The nurses unions do not expect the government to implement the pay commission revision soon even though the minimum wages fixed in 2009 has to be revised before 2014. The government is yet to constitute a committee for this purpose, says Jasmin Sha.On their part, Dr Balaraman committee members feel that the government should approve the recommendations and implement a new packageinstead of offering an interim relief. \"The nurses here are a much-exploited lot, they should be paid what they deserve. We hope the recommendations are implemented at the earliest,\" says Prof Prasannakumari Y, member and deputy director of nursing education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13101758", "title": "PM apprised of police-goonda nexus in state", "text": "KOCHI: The police-goonda nexus in Kerala, involving IPS officials, reached the prime minister's office (PMO) after a senior Congress MP from the state took up the issue with prime minister Manmohan Singh and demanded a detailed probe.PMO has been apprised of the illegal activities of certain senior police officials in the state and a directive is expected from the PMO to a central agency to probe into the matter.Congress MP P T Thomas told TOI that he had written a letter to the prime minister highlighting the need to order a detailed probe into the illegal and anti-social activities of the police officials who were involved in the attack on \"Mathrubhumi\" reporter V B Unnithan.\"I have requested the prime minister to order a probe to expose the illegal activities of the police officials in the case,\" Thomas said.The development assumes significance in the wake of CBI director writing a letter to chief minister Oommen Chandy . CBI sources said the content of the director's letter could not be made public. \"We cannot fully divulge the details of the letter. But it pertains to the cases that are currently being probed by the agency in Kerala,\" sources said.The CBI investigation into Unnithan case has stirred up a hornet's nest with the two accused-'Container' Santhosh and DySP M Santhosh Nair-- spilling the beans before the central agency about the alleged involvement of senior police officials.Both Santhosh and DySP Santhosh are on bail after the crime branch arrested them in connection with the attack case.CBI took over the probe following the state government's decision to hand over the probe to the central agency. After taking over the probe, the CBI arrested DySP Abdul Rasheed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13102590", "title": "Gujarat government has paid Rs 27 lakh legal fees to Nanavati\u2019s son", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat government has paid an amount of Rs 27.20 lakh to Maulik Nanavati, son of the head of the Godhra riot commision Justice G T Nanavati, as an additional public prosecutor representing the government in the Gujarat High Court during the last five financial years.This information has been provided by the government to Vinod Pandya of Shreyas Foundation, an Ahmedabad based NGO, in a reply to an application filed under Right To Information (RTI). The application was filed ten days after The Times of India carried a front-paged report on March 30 of a possible conflict of interest here, as Justice Nanavati's main job is to probe the Gujarat government and its chief minister's role in the 2002 Gujarat riots.The reply, which came on May 3, reveals that the payments being made to Nanavati Jr. have swollen as his father nears completion of his inquiry after ten long years.Maulik was appointed as additional public prosecutor (APP) in 2005, three years after his father started the riots inquiry.Another RTI application has been filed to seek details from the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation seeking details of legal fees paid to Justice Nanavati's other lawyerson, Dhaval. The Nanavati's sons used to practice in Delhi when their father was probing the anti-Sikh riots and later followed him to Gujarat.Another RTI query by Pandya has revealed that the total expenditure on the Nanavati commission from year 2002 to 2011 comes to Rs 6.32 crore. Of this, around Rs 4.53 crore is the wage bill, Rs 1.50 crore miscellaneous expenses and Rs 28 lakh legal fees of government lawyers.Year Fees (in Rs) 2006-07 - 2007-08 60,975 2008-09 73,975 2009-10 6,95,637 2010-11 3,33,775 2011-12 15,55,800 TOTAL 27,20,162", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13104144", "title": "Congress MLA files SC/ST complaint against chief minister", "text": "HYDERABAD: Former minister P Shankar Rao on Friday filed a complaint under the SC/ST Act against the Congress Legislature Party (CLP) leader, that is, chief minster N Kiran Kumar Reddy and the CLP executive committee for insulting and preventing him from exercising his rights.Claiming to be a true soldier of Congress party, Rao also moved a privilege motion against the CLP leader and the CLP executive committee accusing them of conspiring to suppress the voice of a senior dalit leader.He said that casteist leaders had flooded the party and announced that he would soon impress upon the high command the need to flush them out of Congress.\"I will soon unravel the dubious dealings of all these so-called upper caste leaders within the party. I will expose them,\" he said.In his complaint to Saifabad police, Rao said that the CLP leader and CLP executive committee were guilty of discrimination as they had prevented him from entering the CLP press room.The reason behind this, according to Rao, was his being dalit. Police have, meanwhile, sought legal opinion on the complaint.Addressing a news conference following Rao's tirade, CLP executive committee members Rudraraju Padmaraju and K Lakshma Reddy renewed their appeal to all members urging them to refrain from using the CLP premises to air views critical of the functioning of the state government and the ruling party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13104350", "title": "Tytler warns MLAs for 'rebellion'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Congress has asked three of its legislators in the state to discipline themselves, failing which they would face action, party sources said on Friday. Congress sources said All India Congress Committee general secretary in-charge of Odisha Jagdish Tytler has shot letters to party legislators Surendra Singh Bhoi (Titlagarh), Shyam Charan Hansdah (Rairangpur) and Dusmanta Naik (Bhawanipatna), expressing strong objections to their making statements to the media about the need to replace Odisha Pradesh Congress Committee president Niranjan Patnaik.The trio had accompanied former OPCC working president L B Mohapatra to a meeting with senior party leader and Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad in Bhubaneswar on May 6 and discussed organization matters. The same day Tytler attended a public meeting in Cuttack to identify reasons for the party's rout in the February panchayat polls.Bhoi had claimed support of around 20 of the party's 27 MLAs in Odisha and said, \"We expressed the need for a leadership change so that someone young can be at the helm. We are in favour of Mohapatra, who has been OPCC working president.\" Naik had echoed similar views, saying many in the party want a youth to take over the leadership in the state. This had made public the increasing divide between the Niranjan and Mohapatra groups in the state Congress.Tytler, sources said, in his letters has noted that the legislators could have met him or AICC president Sonia Gandhi or AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi to air their grievances, instead of going to the media. He termed the MLAs action as 'indiscipline'.Mohapatra, however, said he did not see the MLAs meeting with Azad as an act of indiscipline. \"How can meeting a four-time party general secretary in-charge of Odisha to discuss reasons for the Congress electoral debacles be considered as an act of indiscipline?\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13102117", "title": "Injured elephant dies at rescue centre", "text": "PUNE: The injured female elephant, Chanchala, abandoned by its mahout in Nigdi, died at Manikdoh rescue centre in Junnar on Friday. The elephant had developed gangrene in one leg and had injured the other leg.The elephant was lying in a nullah in Nigdi for four days before it was moved to Junnar on Thursday. Both the owner and mahout are still missing.A D Bhosale, district forest officer, Junnar taluka, told TOI that the elephant had shown signs of stress when it was brought to the rescue centre. The elephant could not swallow or chew twigs and bananas. Its breathing was also inconsistent on Thursday.\"The doctors had found a wound on one side of the elephant's body as it was lying on that side for four days. The hind leg was severely infected. We had applied herbal medicine on the wound,'' Bhosale said.\"We had planned to clean up the wound on Friday morning and keep the elephant on a high protein diet as it was weak. Unfortunately, it died in the morning. Chanchala was injured one-and-a-half month back, but did not receive timely treatment,\" Bhosale said.The post-mortem was carried out by doctors from Shirwal, Satara district. It will take another 4-5 days to know the cause of the death, said Bhosale.Manoj Oswal, animal welfare officer, said, \"The animal welfare board of India will book the mahout and owner of the elephant under the Wildlife Protection Act. We are in the process and will do it today.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13103605", "title": "Police searching for missing teen", "text": "Panaji police are searching for a teenager who disappeared after the Goa Common Entrance Test (GCET) on May 9. Omkar Chari, 17, was last seen outside the exam centre at Don Bosco school in the city. A CCTV footage revealed that the boy had appeared for the entrance exam and after the exam, he went alone outside the compound and mixed with the crowd in nearby market. Since then, the boy has been missing. Police said that he had taken 200 from his parents to go for a movie at a multiplex in the city. But investigations revealed that he had not gone for the movie. Son of a school teacher, police said that Omkar's friends describe him as a loner and shy person. \"We are told that he was close to a friend from Canacona and must have gone with him. We are trying to verify the facts,\" police added.Security guard drowns in factory water tankKamleshwar Singh, 75, drowned in a factory water tank at Dhavali-Ponda on Friday evening. Singh, a security guard, was a native of Jharkhand and was working for the tiles factory. Ponda police suspect that the victim, who was returning to his room after duty on Friday evening, was walking along the water tank and could have accidentally fallen into the water. A factory worker found his body in the water tank and informed the factory management, who later informed Ponda police. Police have retrieved the body and preserved it in the morgue of the Goa medical college (GMC) and hospital at Bambolim, for an autopsy to be conducted on Saturday.Diocesan pastoral diary, planner, theme releasedArchbishop Filipe Neri Ferrao recently released the Diocesan Pastoral Diary, Diocesan Pastoral Planner and the Diocesan Pastoral Banner, which gives the pastoral theme and helps animate and coordinate pastoral activities of the archdiocese. The Pastoral Theme chosen for 2012-2013 is 'God and creation in covenant: Integral development-life abundant' (In Konkani: 'Deva ani xritticho korar: Sompurnn vikas-subham jivit!').POWER SHUTDOWNKarapur (May 12): Between 2pm and 5.30pm. Areas to be affected - Zantye college and Bicholim industrial area.Saleli (May 12): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected - Oxde, Vaghurem, Shingnem, Vantem, Panche, Pillyekanrwada, Khodey, Kumarwada, Mhadai and Advoi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13104098", "title": "Dusty, broken roads wear out motorists at Ghansi Bazaar", "text": "HYDERABAD: Residents and businessmen of Ghansi Bazaar in the Old City are a troubled lot. The delay in sewerage pipeline laying work under the JNNURM scheme in their area has forced them to put up with dusty and broken roads with no immediate end to their misery in sight.The Ghansi Bazaar road connects the Asaf Jahi Road (High Court Road) to Gulzar Houz and witnesses considerable traffic. But the present condition of the road has kept motorists from plying on it. V Shyam Sunder, a resident of Mahbub Chowk, informed that the Ghansi Bazaar road was laid three years ago and was in good condition.\"Riding on the road in its present state can break a motorist's back. But those living in the neighbourhood have to ply on this stretch daily as they have no choice. The authorities will have to make sure that the clearing up leaves no traces of the pipeline work and once the new road is laid, it should be as good as the old one,\" he said.P Narsing Rao, a tailor who has been operating out of the locality for 45 years complained that his business had hit an all time low.\"As the roads have been dug up, reaching my shop has become difficult for customers. I have large clientele based out of Banjara Hills and Hi-Tec City besides those from other parts of the Old City. Customers who are keen on getting their work done at my shop have been repeatedly enquiring over the phone if the condition of roads has improved,\" said Rao fearing that he may lose his regular clientele. He also complained that the dust from the road was settling on the clothes making his clients complain.Inder Kumar, a grocery store owner from the area said that getting supplies to his store was proving impossible. He said that the works have progressed very slowly in the last past months due to which his customers in surrounding areas have shifted their loyalties to other grocers.Ghansi Bazaar corporator Ranjana Devi Goel admitted that there was a delay but added that the works are nearing completion.\"We had encountered rock in the area which delayed the pipeline laying works. The ongoing sand strike also added to the delay. Now the pipeline laying work on the main road is complete. The restoration of roads will also get over soon. We will take up BT road laying work after pending works in the bylanes are complete,\" she said assuring that in next 10 days the entire work is likely to be completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13102841", "title": "Woman robbed of jewellery", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A resident of Chandkheda was robbed of ornaments worth Rs 60,000 by unidentified men who were sitting next to her in an auto-rickshaw. Kamlaben Somani (55) told police that she boarded a shared rickshaw from Sindhi market to go to Dafnala in Shahibaug.When she asked the driver to stop at Dafnala, the driver sped away towards Indira bridge.When the rickshaw reached Koteshwar, two persons sitting next to her gagged her while another threw chilly powder into her eyes.The accused took away her gold bangles worth Rs 60,000.In another incident, Anandnagar resident Kamlesh Solanki told police that some unidentified persons entered his house on Thursday and took away gold and silver ornaments worth Rs 60,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13102557", "title": "We are peaking at the right time: Virat Kohli", "text": "PUNE: Three successive wins have brought them back in the play-offs contention and Royal Challengers Bangalore skipper Virat Kohli says they are peaking at the right time in the Indian Premier League.RCB on Friday beat Pune Warriors 35 runs to be in top-4 as they are placed third now.Kohli was happy that bowlers too have come up well of late and that's a good sign for them.\"The last two games, we have bowled well. The bowlers have stepped up and we are peaking at the right time which is good,\" Kohli said.Asked about Saurabh Tiwary being sent ahead of AB de Villiers, Kohli said it was a conscious attempt top give the Indian enough overs under his belt.\"We wanted to give Saurabh Tiwary some game time, before we get to the playoffs. AB is a class player, who can bat at any number. Just wanted to make Saurabh more confident about himself,\" he said.Steven Smith, who skippered Pune in place of Sourav Ganguly, said leading the side was fun\"It was good fun. We are already out of the play-offs so had the guys around and wanted to play with a bit of freedom,\" he said.The Australia felt that they, \"fought back quite well after Gayle and Dilshan were doing well.\"Chris Gayle, who came with another blistering half-century, said he is not sure if is in form of his life.He is the Orange cap holder with 572 runs. \"Yeah timing them well, don't know whether this is the best nick I have been,\" he said.Asked about his terrific batting, he said, \"I sleep the whole day after breakfast to get in shape for the game.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13104002", "title": "Fearing trouble, police deployed outside women's panel office", "text": "BHOPAL: Police force was deployed on Friday apprehending protest by Congress members after filing of a complaint against the party spokesman by MP State Women's Commission chairperson.Upma Rai, commission chairperson said, \"The police force was stationed outside the commission office on Friday fearing protest. But nothing happened all day.\"On Thursday, Rai had registered a complaint against Congress spokesperson JP Dhanopia for creating disturbance at the hearing of a case related to an NGO. Dhanopia had accompanied the office-bearers of the NGO, Mahila Kalyan Samiti, for the hearing.During the proceedings, disturbance was created and Dhanopia was asked by Rai to leave the premises and not disrupt the hearing. Thereafter there was a commotion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13102718", "title": "High court breather for Essar in Rs 8000 crore tax dues case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Friday restrained the state government from taking any coercive steps, at least for a month, to recover sales tax deferral liability from the Essar Oil . The state government issued a demand notice putting company's tax dues at Rs 8255.47 crore, which included interest and penalty.Acting on a plea by the company seeking waiver of interest and penalty to the tune of Rs 2,000 crore, a bench of acting chief justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and justice J B Pardiwala has issued notice to the state government, ministry of finance and commissioner of commercial tax and sought reply by mid-June.The company has also sought court's directions to the government to permit payment of tax, which comes to nearly Rs 6,406 crore in instalments from 2013. This was because the state government has in the past rejected the company's proposal in this regard.The company has sought exemption from interest and penalty on the sales tax deferral liability on the grounds that the 'Capital Incentive to Premier and Prestigious Unit Scheme 1995-2000' scheme of the state government, which it had availed, did not have provisions for interest and penalty at all.The petition stated that out of the total sales tax of Rs 6,406 crore, it has already paid Rs 237 crore, and sought installments for payment of the remaining amount of Rs 6,169.It also informed the court that the company is increasing its crude oil refining capacity from present 18 million metric tonne per annum (MMTPA) to 20 MMTPA.On January 17, the Supreme Court had upheld state government's appeal against Essar's tax benefit claims.The SC had observed that Essar could not take benefit of tax exemption scheme, since it failed to commission the project at Vadinar till 2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13107431", "title": "Rajasthan Royals face struggling Pune Warriors", "text": "JAIPUR: Faced with the daunting task of winning all their remaining matches for having any chance of making the playoffs, Rajasthan Royals would fancy a facile victory when they take on the struggling Pune Warriors in an IPL match on Sunday.Royals are lying sixth with 12 points from 13 matches and have to win the remaining three to keep their playoff hopes alive.On the other hand, Pune are at the eighth position with only eight points in kitty from 14 matches, close defeats against Delhi Daredevils and Chennai Super kings hurting them the most. Add to this the leadership crisis that the team is facing due to an off-colour skipper Sourav Ganguly.He rested himself on Friday but promised to be back for this game despite team owner Subrata Roy's claims that Ganguly would play a mentor's role from next season.Royals, on the other hand, have no such worries and have an inspirational leader in Rahul Dravid. They have played good cricket against fancied rivals but have been guilty of frittering away opportunities.They might have the edge against Pune but a victory in Jaipur would not be enough as they will have to win all remaining three and pray that the other results also go in their favour.The hosts would like to start afresh from this juncture and make full use of every opportunity.For the past couple of matches, they could find the right team composition and earned two good victories but rain played spoilsport for them in the crucial match against Chennai Super Kings.The recent failure of Ajinkya Rahane has hurt them but Australian all-rounder Shane Watson has looked in top form. Dravid has been in good nick as well but the rest did not play to expectations at least in the last match.The bowling with Watson at helm has come good and the hosts can breathe easy that they almost had prevailed over the mighty batting line-up of Delhi and Chennai. Apart from Watson, the reliable Siddharth Trivedi is also in good touch with the ball.On the other hand, Pune might be lying low and almost out of contention but they have to prove a point. They have a decent line-up that includes the likes of Australian skipper Michael Clarke , Dwayne Smith , Robin Uthappa and Manish Pandey who can be explosive on their day.The bowling, however, is a concern but Angelo Mathews and Rahul Sharma are clever customers. The visitors would be looking to salvage their pride and prove that they are still a force.Both the teams who are in rough weather avoided the pre-match press briefing and the practice session on Saturday.Teams (from):Rajasthan Royals: Rahul Dravid (Capt.), Stuart Binny , Johan Botha , Deepak Chahar, Ajit Chandila , Dinesh Chandimal, Ankeet Chavan, Aakash Chopra, Paul Collingwood , Aditya Dole , Samad Fallah , Faiz Fazal, Shreevats Goswami, Brad Hodge , Brad Hogg , Ashok Menaria, Sumit Narwal, Pankaj Singh , Amit Paunikar, Ajinkya Rahane, Abhishek Raut, Owais Shah, Pinal Shah, Amit Singh , Shaun Tait , Siddharth Trivedi, Shane Watson and Dishant Yagnik.Pune Warriors: Sourav Ganguly (Capt.), Eklavya Dwivedi, Michael Clarke, Ashok Dinda , Callum Ferguson , Raiphi Gomez , Harpreet Singh , Dheeraj Jadhav, Kamran Khan , Murali Kartik , Harshad Khadiwale , Bhuvneshwar Kumar , Nathan McCullum , Anustup Majumdar, Mithun Manhas, Angelo Mathews, Mohnish Mishra, Ali Murtaza , Ashish Nehra, Manish Pandey, Wayne Parnell , Sachin Rana, Jesse Ryder, Marlon Samuels, Rahul Sharma, Steven Smith , Tamim Iqbal , Alfonso Thomas , Krishnakant Upadhyay, Robin Uthappa, Shrikant Wagh and Luke Wright.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13102698", "title": "Activists seek universal healthcare", "text": "MUMBAI: Health activists Binayak Sen , Abhay Bang and Dr Shrinath Reddy urged the government to implement provisions for universal healthcare across the country.The group will be forwarding a petition to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and the Planning Commission to ensure free medicines for all, abolishing user fees for public hospitals.The Centre has already taken a step towards universalization of healthcare with the commission setting up an expert group and a steering committee. Activists also criticized the recommendation of financial autonomy for government hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13102875", "title": "Chhattrapati Shivaji Terminus revamp plan put on fast track", "text": "MUMBAI: The Central Railway will appoint a financial consultant to prepare the bid document for the makeover of the iconic Chhattrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST) into a world-class station.The process has been initiated at the behest of the Railway board, whose officials are confident that the proposal to rationalize the heritage buffer zone from the existing 90 hectares to 70 hectares will sail through at the United Nations Education Scientific and Cultural organization (Unesco), which granted the World Heritage tag to CST in 2004.A senior CR official said, \"It means that an in-principle approval for the project from the railway board even though a formal decision by the Unesco will be taken in the June/July. The project can only become viable if the buffer zone is rationalized as it will free up space for commercial exploitation of property around CST.\"It will take about six months to appoint the financial consultant. Another six months will be taken by the consultant to prepare the bid document on the basis of a masterplan prepared by Arep Ville, a French consultancy firm, and Egis India and Egis Rail.The next step in the project is to invite Request for Qualification and Request for Proposal, respectively, after which an agreement will be signed with the successful bidder.CR aims to improve the circulation area, enhance facility for commuters, remodel yard to improve speed, create exclusive area for pedestrians by carrying out the CST makeover through the public-private partnership model.Estimated to cost Rs 1,800 crore, the masterplan for the project envisages a multi-storey luxury hotel, commercial buildings, etc at Carnac Bunder for commercial exploitation.The official said that under the redevelopment plan, a pedestrian subway is proposed to be built below the platforms after dismantling the existing foot-overbridge. It also plans to eliminate all additions to the existing heritage building.An additional floor on the annexe building, extended toilet and TA building will also be demolished. A garden will also come up after demolishing all structures behind the main building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13102813", "title": "Strike grounds Newark flight, flyers stranded", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Passengers had to return home upset from Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International (SVPI) Airport as Ahmedabad-Mumbai-Newark flight of Air India (AI) got cancelled on Friday.Like instances in the past, passengers blamed the AI officials for not informing them in time while the airport officials continued to deny the charges. The AI191 flight, which was scheduled to depart at 9.45pm, was cancelled as the AI pilots continued with their strike.Meanwhile, by around 6pm, passengers from across the state began to arrive at the airport. While some passengers returned quickly after learning about the cancellation of their flights, others lingered around in vain. \"We've come all the way from Vadodara. The AI officials didn't inform us about the flight cancellation. Had we been informed, we could've avoided the long journey. The trouble doesn't end here as we won't be able to get another flight very soon,\" said Manu Patel, 71, who was travelling in a wheel chair. Like Patel, many other passengers gathered at the airport complained about not being informed of the flight cancellation. Bharat Patel from Patan district, who had come to see off his parents, said, \"My parents are going to Newark on immigration. First of all, we were not informed about the cancellation in advance. Now this has us extremely worried that a delay in the next flight will cause issues for the immigration.\"Earlier on Monday night, a similar situation prevailed at SVPI after a Chicago bound AI flight was cancelled, rendering passengers stranded till 1 am. Also cancelled were two AI flights for Newark and Chicago which were scheduled to depart on Tuesday evening.However, AI maintained that everything was hunky-dory. \"No passenger has turned up to complain about the cancelled flight this time. We inform the passengers every time the flights are cancelled,\" claimed an AI official at the Ahmedabad airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13102188", "title": "Ornaments worth Rs 5 lakh stolen", "text": "PUNE: Unidentified persons broke into a flat at Mayur Colony in Kothrud during the early hours of Friday and stole gold and silver ornaments worth Rs 5 lakh.A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Vikram Patil with the Kothrud police station.Patil, a resident of Gayatri Heights in Mayur Colony, said that the incident came to light after his neighbours called him and informed about the theft. \"Our flat in Mayur Colony has been locked as we shifted to Bavdhan recently,\" he said.Patil said that on Friday, the suspects locked the other flats in the building from outside and broke into his flat. \"They stole silver articles used to perform 'puja' and gold ornaments,\" he said.Assistant police inspector A D Walambe is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13103547", "title": "Three injured in group clash", "text": "HUBLI: Tension prevailed for a while when two groups of Karamudi village of Ron taluk clashed over a pretty issue on Friday. Three persons, including a woman, suffered injuries in the clash and were admitted to district hospital in Gadag .Ron police said the clash began as members of a group entered a hotel belonging another group. They were asked to vacate their seats. A case has been registered with Ron police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13103548", "title": "Dementia cases in Delhi to rise by 226%", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi will see a mammoth 226% increase in dementia cases among those aged 60 and above by 2026 as compared to 2006, while Maharashtra will see a 112% increase. Jharkhand will see the highest percentage increase in dementia patients during the same period at 262%.According to Union health ministry's projections released on Friday, Bihar will see a 221% increase, followed by Assam (183%), Chhattisgarh (180%) and UP (177%).Rajasthan is projected to see a 176% increase in dementia numbers among those aged 60 years and above, while Madhya Pradesh is expected to see a 163% increase, Gujarat (159%), J&K; (158%), West Bengal (154%), Karnataka (142%) and Tamil Nadu (110%) in 20 years. Kerala, however will see the least increase among all states at 87%, followed by Punjab (93%) and Himachal Pradesh (94%).In absolute numbers, however, UP tops the list at 8.6 lakh dementia patients by 2026. Maharashtra will have 5.9 lakh dementia patients, Bengal (4.6 lakh) and Bihar (4.3 lakh). Delhi's dementia number will increase from 26,000 to 85,000 between 2006 and 2026, while Karnataka's will rise from 1.3 lakh to 3.3 lakh.Health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad said, \"It is estimated that India's elderly population will increase from 7.5% in 2001 to almost 12% in 20 years.\" Dementia is a brain disorder that affects memory, thinking, language, behaviour and ability to perform everyday activities.The World Health Organization recently warned that India, which is experiencing an ageing population, will face serious problems in tackling the disease. It is one of the major causes of disability at an advanced age. It accounts for 11.9% of the years lived with disability due to a non-communicable disease and the leading cause of dependency (need for care) and disability among older persons.By 2050, people aged 60 and above will account for 22% of the world's population.The WHO report said, \"The Government of India has begun to realize the extent of the situation and the need to establish dementia-sensitive services. The next few years will see the establishment of the National Institute of Ageing, and special provisions for people with dementia in the National Policy for Older People and the National Mental Health Programme.\"WHO said nearly 3.7 million people in India are suffering from dementia. Worryingly, this figure is set to double over the next 20 years, the WHO warned. There are 7.7 million new cases of dementia each year, implying that there is a new case of dementia somewhere in the world every four seconds. Treating and caring for people with dementia currently costs the world more than $604 billion annually.According to the 2006 World Population Prospects, India's 80+ will increase more than six times from existing 78 lakh to about 5.14 crore by 2050. Now, 20% of this category in India suffers from Alzheimer's. The 65+ population is expected to quadruple from 6.4 crore in 2005 to 23.9 crore, while those aged 60 and above will increase from 8.4 crore to 33.5 crore over the next 43 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "hyderabadnew delhi", "code": "13103896", "title": "\u2018Codify existing rules to check ragging\u2019", "text": "HYDERABADNEW DELHI: Rajya Sabha member Ananda Bhaskar Rapolu on Friday urged Union human resource development minister Kapil Sibal to put in place a proper law to safeguard educational institutions by evolving an institutionalised structure of educational tribunals and anti-ragging and anti-harassment committees.\"I request the Union government to look into the possibilities of codifying all existing regulations to safeguard the environment in educational institutions,\" Rapolu said, speaking on the issue in Parliament.Participating in a Lok Sabha discussion on ragging, the Congress MP observed that the new law should help in the setting up of an educational tribunal at the state as well as district levels having the status of a special court.That would not only help in dealing with civil and criminal cases but also curtail ragging, he pointed out.Rapolu said that the efforts and initiative of the Supreme Court in 2009 and the regulations stipulated by the University Grants Commission should form the basis of the new law so that it sends out a serious warning to unruly students.\"Education institutions need to have a peaceful learning and teaching environment. Incidents at educational institutions in Tamil Nadu , Andhra Pradesh and Delhi have brought shame and horror to peace-loving parents and sincere students,\" he said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13104723", "title": "Police go to Tamil Nadu in search of robbers", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city police have widened the probe into the series of burglaries in the residential areas at Poojapura to Tamil Nadu.The latest development in the investigation came after the police found out that one of the mobile phones that went missing from one of the houses, was still in use under a mobile phone tower in Tamil Nadu. However, the investigation officers did not reveal the exact location to where the signals were traced. Following this, Museum circle inspector T Mohanan Nair has despatched a team of officers to Tamil Nadu.Till now, the police were groping in the dark over the series of thefts which happened in consecutive days, that too in similar fashion. As many as three burglaries were reported in different parts of Poojapura in this week. Two of them took place on Monday and the third the next day.Houses of two retired government officials, former town planning officer Kasthuri Rangan and former deputy commissioner of police Rajendran at Pai road at Poojapura were robbed. On Tuesday the thieves struck again at Woodland Apartments Complex at Poojapura where they broke into the apartment of one Noushad. The loss in all three cases is estimated to be over Rs1.5 lakh.The police suspect the same gang to be behind all three burglaries owing as they were carried out in similar fashion. The valuables such as gold ornaments, money, wrist watches and mobile phones were taken in all three cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "13101745", "title": "Kerala Agricultural University to form food security intelligence wing", "text": "THRISSUR: The Kerala Agricultural University (KAU) is all set to form a food security intelligence wing, which will analyze and find out the commonly-seen diseases in paddy fields. The wing will also look into various factors that affect harvest such as attack of insects, nutritional disorder of crops, seasoned weather changes and hyper-acidity in paddy fields.The wing will make a first information report (FIR) and submit it to the research sub-centre and district diagnostic centre.\"Food security intelligence wing is a model project developed by KAU aimed at 100% productivity in paddy fields. As a trial run, the project will be implemented in kole lands spread in five block panchayats -- Irinjalakuda, Cherpu, Anthikkad, Mullassery and Puthukkad,\" said Dr U Jaikumaran, professor and head of Agricultural Research Station, KAU, Mannuthy.The project, to be introduced next month, will collect information from kole lands of each block panchayat on a daily basisand compile the data. \"Paddy crops are highly vulnerable to diseases and insect-attack.Once we get information about each field daily, we will be able to tackle all the issues related to cultivationat the earliest,\" he said. the professor said.KAU has already selected 20 people who have passed VHSC (agriculture) course, for the job. They will be given a 15-day intense training on crops and paddy fields by KAU experts and then sent to the field.As about 40% of the total crop is affected by various factors every year, the service of food security intelligence wing is expected to be a great boon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13104156", "title": "With helmet on, it's a 'bad hair day', feel women riders", "text": "INDORE: If city women feel wearing helmet is against fashion statement, then the death of 19 two-wheeler women riders as recorded last year, all without helmets, would not be too surprising a figure. Despite being compulsory, some women wearing them while driving feel it against the fashion.Most of the girls, who TOI spoke with at random on Friday, said helmets are inconvenient and undermine their personality.Jyotsna Maurya of LIG says, \"Helmet is uncomfortable to wear, does not look good and make me feel suffocated. I avoid wearing it especially in summers.\" Pooja Kher of Naulakha says, \"Since I could not find myself a proper helmet, it becomes difficult to wear an over-sized one. Moreover, it messes my hair which gives me ugly look.\"Sonali Chabaria, a mass communication student, says, \"When it was compulsory I used to wear it as a protective gear, but now it seems that there is no such compulsion to wear helmets. It causes headache , and hampers the vision in rainy season making driving more difficult.\"Anushree Mitra, an Axis Bank employee, says,\" Helmet ruins hairstyle and make hair look sticky. It is too heavy and is uncomfortable during long drive. It is not really in fashion.\"\"Nineteen deaths of woman two-wheeler drivers were recorded last year, says Praful Joshi, a traffic expert, adding that none of them was wearing helmets. He said that had the victims been wearing helmets, chances of their survival would have been more.\"People, especially women, lack traffic sense. They do have licence but no expertise in driving. They generally violate traffic rules by taking wrong sides and seldom follow rules. Most of the women riders are unaware of the safety measures which can be taken while driving,\" Joshi said.Pradeep Sanyal of GVK EMRI 108 Emergency Services says, \"Out of almost 500 accident cases recorded every month, 90% are of two-wheeler riders. Around 30% of them are female two-wheeler riders. Women are generally not aware of the safety measures and they find helmets against fashion. Appealing people, he said they should wear helmet and make it a habit.Dhanraj Aher, traffic police in charge at Palasia, feels, \"People do not wish to change and are not aware of the traffic rules. Often we hesitate to stop women riders as they respond oddly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13108684", "title": "Shruti Haasan way too happy with Gabbar Singh review", "text": "Pawan Kalyan-Shruti Haasan starrer Telugu flick, Gabbar Singh has opened to record bookings. Film buffs who have seen the movie can't stop raving about it.Going by the reviews the movie's received, looks like it's a great booster to both Pawan and Shruti's career. Her earlier releases did not garner her the required attention. However, with Gabbar Singh, the tables have turned. On her twitter page, Shruti has been receiving a lot of appreciation for her role in the film. Shruti too is thrilled as she writes, \"Thank you for all the love and support you'll really made my day :) biggest hug for all of you.\"However, Malaika Arora's song 'Kevvu Keka' which was much anticipated seems to be a dampener. Movie buffs claim the item song did not really create a sensation like 'Munni Badnaam Huyi'.Back to Shruti, this perhaps means more movies for her in Tollywood. Power star sure seems to have given his female lead that!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "malacca", "code": "13108580", "title": "India eye bronze in junior hockey Asia Cup", "text": "MALACCA: Their title hopes dashed after the semifinal defeat, defending champions India would aim that they do not return empty-handed from the junior hockey Asia Cup and win at least a bronze when they take on South Korea in the play-off match, on Sunday.India, who lost to Malaysia in the semifinals, will seek to put up a good show against Korea and thus end the tour on a victory note.\"We will take up the third match contest with all the seriousness it deserves. I told the boys to forget the Thursday defeat and charge up for the last match here,\" said coach Baljit Singh Saini.Indian team had a two-hour practice session on the main turf of the MBMB Stadium. Saini with his support staff and visiting senior team coach Michael Nobbs were putting the boys on drill, with a focus on scoring.\"This team, despite short time preparation, is doing well in all departments except scoring. Even against Malaysia, we had more circle penetration and ball possession.\"Malak Singh, Mandeep Singh , Satbir Singh, Akashdeep Singh are dashing forwards. They lack the kind of opportunism that is required at this level. Today we put some extra effort on scoring practice,\" he said.After registering a 11-0 victory over Sri Lanka, India found wanting in goals, as only four goals were struck in the next three matches, including the Thursday semifinal in which India failed to post even a token goal.Dwelling on the kind of fine tuning that is needed for the team to improve scoring feat, Saini said, \"Nowadays the circle is always crowded. Forwards don't get space to take long shots. Practicing from midfield thus will not serve purpose.\"\"It is not often the situation one gets during the matches. Today, therefore, we spent time on scoring in a crowded circle with focus on the last pass. It helps both frontline and defence. We did not have much time to practice and play together. This showed in our upfront play,\" Saini said.Having played against Korea in his international career at both junior and senior level, Saini sounded caution.\"Koreans are always a strong side. They might not have played well here in Malacca, but it doesn't mean we can take them lightly. We want to end the tournament on a winning note, which will give the new boys in the team enormous dose of confidence,\" he said.India started their campaign well, thrashing Sri Lanka 11-0 but thereafter found goals hard to come by. India drew Pakistan 2-2 before narrowly wining against China 2-1 and thus reached second in the pool.Malaysia easily overcame lethargic India 2-0 amidst a packed house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13102225", "title": "Haryana Indian Forest Service officer under HC scanner", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Alleged financial irregularities and high handedness in the Haryana forest department at the hands of senior IFS officer V K Jhanjharia, has now come under the scanner of Punjab and Haryana high court, which on Friday issued notice to CBI, Union ministry of forest and environment and the officer seeking response on the issue. Jhanjharia is at present posted as conservator forest (west circle Hisar)The matter came up for hearing before the Punjab and Haryana high court in the wake of Public Interest Litigation (PIL) filed by Gurgaon resident, Harinder Dhingra.The division bench comprising acting Chief Justice M M Kumar and Justice Alok Singh has also put the Haryana government, its chief conservator (forest) and the state vigilance bureau on notice seeking their response on the contentions raised in the PIL.Petitioner has sought directions to take cognizance of the financial irregularities and high handedness of V K Jhanjharia in the department and to order CBI probe to investigate into the matter of disproportionate assets, regarding which the vigilance inquiry is pending since April 21, 2011. It was submitted that the state vigilance bureau has not taken any action till date and neither inquiry is concluded in this matter.He alleged that as per the information received from various sources, the IFS officer has amassed huge properties, which cannot be accounted for and has also indulged in malpractices so much so that he has not only misappropriated the state property but has also embezzled the funds of the state.He added that he was appointed as the Haryana Forest Services officer in 1980 and promoted to IFS in 1986.\"The salary of a HFS/IFS officer is very moderate and with this salary the Jhanjharia not only raised a family of four, but also acquired huge valuable properties in Punjab (Aboharand Fazilka) in his paternal village, in Rajasthan (Sri Ganganagar) and in Haryana (Hisar and Gurgaon) and besides that also have petrol pumps in the name of his sons, wife and daughter-in-laws,\" petitioner further alleged.It was also submitted in the petition that one forest guard namely Sher Singh (who was dismissed by Jhanjharia) had submitted all the documents relating to unaccounted wealth submitted to the State Vigilance Bureau in June 2011, in the form of an affidavit. Following that an inquiry was initiated on the basis of complaint but because of Jhanjharia's influence, till date no final report has been submitted and no action has been taken.Now, the case would come up for further hearing on July 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13103008", "title": "Strike grounds 7 Air India flights", "text": "MUMBAI: Seven Air India (AI) flights were cancelled at Mumbai as the airline's pilots continued their strike for the fourth day on Friday. Many passengers were camped outside the airport terminal, waiting for the airline to arrange alternate flights, but ended up buying new tickets.Airport officials said AI flights to Newark , John F Kennedy airport, Riyadh, Jeddah and London, and AI Express flights to Mangalore and Cochin were among those cancelled. The airline website said flights to Newark, London and Riyadh stood cancelled for May 12.The flight to London was cancelled for the first time since the strike. \"Workers going to West Asia were forced to wait for hours for AI to accommodate them. Many eventually returned home with an assurance that they would be accommodated on Saturday's flight,\" an official said. Passengers going to the US or London on a holiday had to take refunds and buy new tickets.Industry experts said though the strike hasn't forced air fares up, those purchasing last-minute tickets will still have to shell out 20-30% more. \"Spot booking is always expensive. If people have to buy tickets for international sectors, they would be charged even more. For instance, a one-way Mumbai-London ticket is Rs 50,000 for the next two days. Usually, one can buy a return on the same sector for Rs 70,000,\" a Fort-based travel agent said. \"Also, since it is holiday season, other flights are also full, making it difficult for all passengers to be accommodated. That is why AI is taking a day or two to accommodate passengers on alternate flights,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102531", "title": "Day 2: Shoppers suffer as Sarojini Nagar market stays shut", "text": "NEW DELHI: Shoppers were in for a major disappointment at the Sarojini Nagar market, as shops at the popular market remained closed on Friday. As reported in TOI on Thursday, shopkeepers kept their shutters down protesting against the additional space allocated to street vendors by the New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC).The Sarojini Nagar Market Shopkeepers' Association met MP Ajay Maken and chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Friday in this regard.With NDMC not planning to scrap the draw, traders say the market will be closed indefinitely. Most shoppers had no idea that the market would remain close.\"It is disappointing to see the market closed. I came here with my family from Dwarka to shop for summer,\" said Ravi Teja , an IT professional. \"I have no idea why this has happened ,\" he added. As the main market was closed, street vendors in the market did good business on Friday.Pramod Sharma, president, Sarojini Nagar Market Shopkeepers' Association said, \"The market will remain closed until the time we get a written assurance from the NDMC chairperson and justice is done to the shopkeepers here.\" The shopkeepers fear that the increasing number of street vendors will pose a security threat to the market.Traders in other NDMC markets share the concern raised by Sarojini Nagar market association. The increasing number of hawkers in Connaught Place, traders say, is becoming a serious problem. The road outside Pallika Parking is blocked by hawkers. Similarly, hawkers sit outside the showrooms in CP.Atul Bhargava, president, New Delhi Traders' Association, finds the relocation of street vendors from Connaught Place essential. \"If you want an international look to this place, you cannot have so many street vendors congesting the corridors. A separate flea market should be allocated,\" Bhargava said.Street vendors around the city face a lot of problems. A lot of street vendors have been relocated in the recent draw conducted by NDMC. \"I have been allocated space at Lodhi Road. I don't even know the area,\" said Kokila Rani, who has been selling handicrafts at Connaught Place for the past 23 years.Similarly, Vasoi Jain, who has been selling posters at CP for the past 25 years, has been relocated to Laxmi Bai nagar market.Anil Gupta, vice-president of Hawker Uthaan Samiti, said they would move the court to challenge the random relocation of street vendors by NDMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13103712", "title": "HC orders videotaping of autopsy", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has ordered video-recording of postmortem on the body of a woman who died after being in coma for 13 months following wrong administration of nitrous oxide, instead of oxygen, during tubectomy surgery at a government hospital in Kanyakumari district.Justice D Hariparanthaman, disposing of a petition filed by her husband, ordered the postmortem to be conducted by a team of doctors at a government hospital in Vellore. The body should be transported at state cost to the victim's native place in Kanyakumari.The petitioner S Ganesan feared that the postmortem might not be conducted properly in the government hospital as it was where his wife fell into coma due to \"negligence\" on March 19, 2011.It may be recalled that the woman Rukmani died after a struggle that lasted for over a year, at the Christian Medical College (CMC), Vellore, on May 4.Rukmani, 37, was admitted to the medical college hospital in Nagercoil on March 18, 2011, for a tubectomy. A day later, she fell into a coma after the team that conducted the surgery administered nitrous oxide instead of oxygen. Doctors blamed the company that supplied oxygen cylinders to the hospital for the mess-up.An inquiry by the then Kanyakumari district collector, Rajendra Ratnoo, suspended the team that operated on Rukmani. Later, they were reinstated.Ganesan brought Rukmani to the Government Rajaji Hospital in Madurai for treatment last April. A Madurai-based lawyer moved the high court seeking justice for her, following which the court asked the state government to bear the cost of her treatment as well the accommodation of her family members.Experts from Chennai had also visited Madurai to review her condition. She was shifted to Vellore for further treatment on the court's order.Ganesan had last week told TOI that CMC Vellore had asked him to take the body without a postmortem, but he refused since he thought an autopsy report was necessary to seek the court's intervention to secure his children's future.\"I am determined that the postmortem should be performed at CMC because I have great confidence in them. I don't trust the government doctors,\" he had said. \"They destroyed my beautiful family and I am now physically exhausted. I believe in the court to provide help for my family,\" he said. He plans to bury Rukmani in his family land and construct a memorial for her.Ganesan was making a living by selling vessels whereas Rukmani used to do sewing jobs. They have two children - Subash, 15, and Amirthavarshini, 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102100", "title": "1949 Ambedkar cartoon in textbook rocks Parliament", "text": "NEW DELHI: A cartoon on Jawaharlal Nehru and B R Ambedkar, first published in 1949 and reproduced in a school text book, set off a storm in Parliament on Friday forcing HRD minister Kapil Sibal to apologize after parties alleged the depiction insulted Ambedkar.The cartoon caused disruptions in Lok Sabha soon after it met with MPs demanding that it be withdrawn. Some called for Sibal's resignation, others wanted an apology.Following the uproar, Yogendra Yadav and Suhas Palshikar, advisors at National Council of Education Research and Training (NCERT), resigned.Sensing the political combustibility of the issue, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee sought to cool tempers by immediately decrying the reproduction as inappropriate and launching into a detailed account of how Ambedkar oversaw the writing of one of the world's lengthiest constitutions.Mukherjee's erudition stopped the protests briefly but the House had to be adjourned. It was disrupted twice more before the chair decided to put an end to the day's proceedings.While Sibal scrambled to explain that a review of NCERT books had been ordered and distribution of texts stopped, academics and artists felt the protests were overblown. They said that neither Nehru nor Ambedkar found the depiction objectionable and felt the book explained the context adequately.Other sections of opinion, however, felt sensitivities of the socially disadvantaged ought to have been kept in mind by NCERT in an age of political and social assertion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13101947", "title": "Science acts as a driving force: Swamy", "text": "NAGPUR: Integration of science and engineering in the right manner results in development of right technology. Today man enjoys the benefits of technologies which are a result of past 150 years of science. Science acts as a driving force for development of technology.These statements were made by BSJ Swamy, chief of the corporate environment resource group of Reliance Industries Limited (RIL) here on Friday. He was speaking at a function organized by the National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (Neeri) to mark Technology Day.Swamy spoke at length about the process of evolution of technology and the need to prevent pollution and minimize exploitation of natural resources.Instrumental in the development of the world class green field projects of RIL, the world's largest refinery hub at Jamnagar and the path-breaking petrochemical complexes at Hazira, Surat, Dahej, Silvasa and Nagathone, Swamy strongly believes in following the corporate social responsibility. \"RIL has some of the best mangroves and wildlife in the world in our green belt. Standing in the green belt one cannot even see the refinery. Such is the size of the green belt,\" said Swamy.He emphasized that any kind of technology should have environmental viability and must not result in pollution with the end of the pipe treatment pathway. Known for his contribution in the development of one of the largest offshore gas exploration and processing unit in the east coast of India, Swamy also touched on the social aspects of CSR.RIL distributed drinking water to a large population in and around Surat as part of the CSR when everyone was opposing the desalination project of RIL.Speaking particularly of Neeri, Swamy categorically pointed out that the institute has a huge data base which it was not utilizing in the progress of the industry or the people at large.Neeri director SR Wate said that the institute was moving towards high R&D; which in turn would lead to technology transfer for the masses. Neeri is striving to meet the expectations of the community. The institute moved to the present status only because its scientists and engineers realized its responsibility.Wate stated that the institute had earned its credibility through social projects aimed at benefiting the masses in different fields including solid waste disposal, water cleaning technology and prevention of air, water and land pollutions.Prakash Kumbhare summed up the programme assuring Swamy that the entire data base will be suitably used for societal research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13101868", "title": "Boat ride: Safety takes the backseat", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Boating in the 'Kalipoika' of Sarovaram bio-park has become risky as boat operators are reluctant to provide people with life jackets. Ironically, a notice board near the boat jetty emphasizes the need to use life jacket and lifebuoy.Around 50 groups board the pedal boats every day to watch different types of birds in the park. The number increases during evenings when residents of flats and apartments come with their kids for boating. Though the operators used to insist on the use of life jacket earlier, they have conveniently altered the rule, said Jinson Cheriyan, a visitor. Many individuals find the use of life jacket inconvenient and the families also do not insist on taking safety measures.The misunderstanding that Kalipoika is a safe place for boating also encourage them to board the boats without lifebuoy. \"Children are uncomfortable while wearing life jacket. We adults also like to boat without lifejackets as we can enjoy it better,\" said Ajitha Rajesh, a housewife who was on a visit to Sarovaram with her family.\"I am a good swimmer,\" said Ajitha's husband Rajesh holding his three-year-old son.When asked about the issue, District Tourism Promotion Council (DTPC) secretary Sabu Abraham said that he would take immediate action to ensure the safety of people.\"When I contacted the boat operators they said that the reluctance from the part of visitors is a major hurdle in the use of lifejacket. They have also assured that they would insist that visitors use lifejackets,\" said Sabu.\"Stringent action would be taken against the boat operators if they continue to operate services without insisting on lifejackets,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13102514", "title": "When Amba visited Afghanistan", "text": "BANGALORE: More than two decades ago, Corinne Jaber played the role of Amba in a theatrical production of the Mahabharata and a film by Peter Brook . In later years, as the actress of French origin travelled to Afghanistan, she was touched by the country.\"Through the years of acting in productions of Mahabharata, I internalized the text at many levels,\" says Corinne. The great moment in the Bhagavad Gita, when Arjuna didn't want to go to war and Krishna said it was for a larger purpose, left Corinne in a state of awe. \"In Christianity, there is no notion of war. In the Mahabharata, you have the cycle of destruction before renewal. I am inspired by the concept of recreation and 'yugas', which forges my love for India. This tradition is inherent thousands of years after the Mahabharata, as is the case in Afghanistan, which is also steeped in its past,\" explains Corinne.Between this symmetry of tradition, William Shakespeare's works fall in tandem. \"Today, his plays are far more relevant in modern India and Afghanistan than anywhere else in the world because the master's works are steeped in traditional sensibilities,\" explains Corinne.So that day in 2005, when she stepped into Afghanistan, Corinne set about looking for actors to perform 'Comedy of Errors', with the inevitable desire to metamorphose them into roles that will take them places. India is destination first as these actors camped at Bangalore dance school Nrityagram since April 1 to grow into their roles. Bringing the women along was of course a challenge.\"When I first called for actors, a bunch of men turned up and we all had a great time doing theatre. Then I said, please bring some women. I knew it was a tough call for, as a woman accustomed to freedom, I couldn't roam the streets in Afghanistan. But women actors eventually came along and the journey began,\" divulges Corinne.\"In the beginning, these men and women wouldn't look at each other in the eye. Over time and through our Nrityagram stay, they developed respect for each other, which will help us for our shows in Germany and England,\" she reminisces.Through this metamorphosis, the 'Comedy of Errors' in Dari Persian wears an inter-cultural interpretation. \"We've internalized some funny things about the Afghans, like the two actors who arrive in Kabul as expats and struggle to wear Afghan clothing. It's akin to an Indian arriving in India and struggling to wear a sari,\" laughs Corinne.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13102764", "title": "Builder 'robbed' of Rs 8 Lakh, jeans", "text": "MUMBAI: A Versova-based developer had alleged that unidentified men robbed him of valuables worth nearly Rs 8 lakh and made away with the jeans he was wearing.The police said the victim, Raja Advani, had changed his statements twice and there were several discrepancies in his story. The police have registered a robbery case.\"Initially Advani claimed that he was attacked by some men near Lokhandwala. Later, he said an auto driver assaulted him in Santa Cruz. There are several loopholes in his story and we are verifying it,\" deputy commissioner of police Pratap Dighavkar said. \"We suspect Advani has concocted the 'robbery' story to hide something from his family,\" said a police officer.In his first statement to the police, Advani claimed six men on three bikes accosted him when he was heading towards his home in Shiv Parvati society at Lokhandwala.\"The bikers assaulted me with a hockey stick and took away my gold chain, diamond ring, wristwatch and a cellphone collectively worth Rs 7.6 lakh. They also took away my jeans and footwear,\" Advani claimed.Advani told the police that he usually returns home from his Santa Cruz office in an auto. He alighted from the auto near Lokhandwala Backroad and started walking home, a cop said.\"The spot near Lokhandwala where the incident allegedly took place is 20 minutes from Advani's home. However, he took two hours to reach home,\" a police officer said.\"His family members told us that he called them around 9.50pm from his office, however, he claims that the robbery took place at 9.30pm,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13103023", "title": "No relief for girls in Khar pub raid case", "text": "MUMBAI: There was no relief for the 16 girls picked up by police from a Khar discotheque last month as they were sent back to the Deonar rehabilitation centre once again on Friday after being produced in court for verification. The police produced eight girls on Thursday and the rest on Friday. A police source said that an enquiry report had been submitted in court on Friday and action would be subject to the decision of the Mazgaon metropolitan court.Families of the girls chose to remain tight-lipped over the police proceedings. Many families had earlier alleged that the police were targeting some girls as they had spoken to the media about them being wrongly implicated.\"We are following the due process. The social services branch handed the girls to us and charged them under PITA. We have ensured that they receive proper care and have even sent them for medical tests. There is no aberration in this incident,\" said deputy commissioner of police (Zone 9), Pratap Dighavkar.On April 29, a police team led by ACP Vasant Dhoble raided the Madness pub in Khar and picked up 16 girls as they were 'soliciting' customers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13101802", "title": "Student loans: Behave, banks tell staff", "text": "KOCHI: Under fire from diverse sections of society over the suicide of nursing student Sruthi last month after being denied a loan by a leading private bank, top banking officials have been scrambling to salvage the situation.Senior officials of some public and private sector banks are understood to have issued circulars to their staff detailing the procedures and general etiquette to be followed while sanctioning educational loans, and instructed them not to stand on ceremony while clearing loan applications.The DGM of a leading national bank, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said that his loan department has been told to ensure that the process of sanctioning funds for professional and higher studies is a pleasant experience for the applicant.\"Officers who reject a loan application will have to furnish full defence of their stand and explain why they are rejecting a particular application. Guidelines of almost all banks for professional course loans clearly state that educational loans should be sanctioned with minimum hassles to student applicants,\" the official said.An official with a private bank claimed that the bank does not follow the 'block' or 'ward' concept while deciding on loan applications. \"We have reminded our staff to stick to this rule, which is that loans must be sanctioned based on need and not on the locality where an applicant lives. RBI rules have never stated that an educational loan should be sanctioned only by a bank branch located in the same neighbourhood as the applicant. Such an approach by a bank is not only laughable, but also ruins the career and future of the students,\" he noted, adding that no student would intentionally default on an educational loan.Begging to disagree, an official with a private sector bank said it was not unusual for students to default on their loans once they bagged a job. \"Instalments for loan repayments are often as less as Rs 500 a month and are manageable. Yet, we find plenty of students conveniently neglecting to repay the loan month after month,\" he said.An official with the loans department of a leading private sector bank echoed the sentiment. \"The unfairly high fees of between Rs 2-4 lakh charged by private managements for a nursing course forces students to go in for loans. Conversely, immense pressure is brought to bear upon banks to sanction educational loans regardless of the student's payment capacity or credit history (past repayment record). And, equal pressure (on banks) to treat the money as lost and not recover it even after the student passes out and gets a job. The high NPAs (non-performing assets) in the education sector speak for themselves,\" he said.Educational loans sanctioned in Kerala show the highest NPAs as a percentage of cumulative credit disbursed to a particular sector. As of December 31, 2011, educational loans outstanding in Kerala accounted for Rs 7,035 crore or roughly 30% of the total loans disbursed in the sector. Many public sector banks have been lenient enough to stagger the debt from one month to the other. \"There are instances where we actually restructured (increasing the repayment period) the loan to enable the debtor to repay the money. I would suggest that the tenure of loans be changed to at least 10 years from the 5-7 year tenure currently followed by most banks,\" said the national head of a private sector bank. \"Other sectors have far lower NPAs as a percentage of total credit disbursed. Hence, banks are particularly concerned about under-recoveries in the education sector,\" said a district manager with a public sector bank.\"While academic merit is often considered vital to get a loan, nursing and some vocational training programs have been exempted from the merit rule. Hence, Sruthi's case is truly unfortunate,\" he said. The State Level Bankers Committee (SLBC) is understood to be keen to bring educational loans under the Credit Guarantee Scheme (CGS) and is meeting on May 23 to debate various issues facing the sector. \"CGS is applicable to priority sector loans, and they should be extended to educational loans too. This will enable banks to claim 75% of the defaulted loan through insurance firms and recover the rest at leisure,\" bank officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13104217", "title": "112 IAS posts vacant in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan has 112 vacant positions for IAS officers and ranks fourth in the country among states facing the shortage of bureaucrats. The issue of officers from Rajasthan administrative service awaiting promotion to IAS is also adding to the woes of the government.Replying to a question in the Rajya Sabha on Thursday, MoS for personnel V Narayanasamy said, \"Total cadre strength of the direct recruit IAS officers and the promoted IAS officers is 6,154. The total number of officers in position is 4,377 and it is a fact that 1,777 posts are lying vacant in the country. There were litigations against promotion of state cadre officers to the rank of IAS in states like Rajasthan\". The department of personnel of the state though claims that there is no dearth of cadre officers in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13102391", "title": "Slums may derail Nagpur-Wardha proposed third railway line project", "text": "NAGPUR: Central Railway's (CR) proposed third railway line project between Nagpur and Wardha is facing a huge hurdle in the form of three slums that stand on the land needed for the railway line. They are notified slums and cannot be removed without rehabilitation.This is the second railways project to be hit by encroachment problem. The Nagpur-Kalamna additional line is not being built as much of the route has been encroached upon and railways have been unable to remove it owing to political pressure. Something similar is brewing here too.On May 4, CR officials had announced removal of Saraswati Nagar, Fakirawadi and Takia slums. Around 1,800 people are residing in these slums situated on 2.67 acres land beside the railway line behind the office of NMC's Dhantoli Zone. Following the announcement, the slum-dwellers led by corporator Sandip Joshi met the officials of CR and demanded withdrawal of decision. The officials reportedly gave an ultimatum of eight days and warned that the slums may be removed on May 13.Joshi asserted that railways could not remove the slums as they were notified by the NMC. \"We are not opposing any development project. The CR wants to construct third railway line. Total 192 shanties are located on the land bearing khasra no: 289/1, 291 and 293/1 belonging to NMC and nazul. NMC had notified these slums in 1981. It also gave ownership rights to 86 slum-dwellers before 1980. Many of them are having property tax receipts and also voting I-cards of before 1995.According to State government's GR dated July 10, 2002, such require rehabilitation following due process. The CR officials have not issued any notice for their demolition. Therefore, the slums would remain. At present, our priority is to stop the CR from razing the slums. If required for developmental project, CR should follow the legal process with consent of NMC,\" he said.Joshi further said the slum-dwellers went to meet MP Vilas Muttemwar too asking for protection. \"CR officials had said Muttemwar got the third railway line project sanctioned from the Central government. Therefore, the slum-dwellers decided to meet him but got no respite from Muttemwar. With no options left, the slum-dwellers filed a petition with the High Court. The High Court directed the CR not to undertake any demolition without consulting NMC. It also issued notices asking replies from CR and NMC. I have met mayor Anil Sole and informed him of the matter,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13101985", "title": "Malda DM faces heat over National Voluntary Force worker abuse", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after a National Voluntary Force (NVF) volunteer brought charges of physical and mental abuse against Malda district magistrate Archana, West Bengal Human Rights Commission (WBHRC) has sought a report from the state government regarding the allegation. Officials of the state government, in turn, have asked for a report from the NVF commandant.\"We have asked for a report from the NVF commandant and we may order an official inquiry by the Jalpaiguri divisional commissioner. On the basis of that, we can take further action,\" chief secretary Samar Ghosh said at Writers' Buildings on Friday.According to WBHRC chairman Ashok Ganguly, \"We have taken suo motu cognizance of the matter. Prima facie, it appears to be a violation of human rights of the NVF volunteer by a public servant.\"Already, Jalpaiguri divisional commissioner A K Singh seems to have been asked to inquire into the incident. \"I will reach Malda on Saturday to take part in a scheduled meeting on May 13. And I must inquire into the serious allegation brought against Malda DM,\" said Singh.Archana had allegedly locked up an NVF worker in a bathroom when she failed to adjust the air-conditioner in the DM's bedroom. Parbati Halder, the NVF cadet, lodged a complaint that she had been locked up in the room for four hours by Archana, and that she had also abused her. Since Thursday, the DM refused to meet or talk to the media. On Friday, SP Jayanta Pal held a meeting with NVF officials but refused to divulge any details on the issue.Meanwhile, both Trinamool and CPM condemned the \"inhuman\" action of the district magistrate. District Trinamool Congress women's wing chief Chailtali Sarkar said, \"This is not the first time that allegations have been brought against the DM's ill treatment of her subordinates. But this time it has crossed all limits. We are sending the entire report to our highest leadership and will soon launch an agitation against the DM.\"CPM-backed women's wing Ganatantrik Mahila Samity has planned a similar agitation. A team of the organization met the district police superintendent on Friday to seek permission for agitating in front of the DM's bungalow. However, the permission was not granted. \"We went to the hospital but we were surprised to find that no patient named Parbati Halder was admitted there. But everybody knows it and media had talked to her at the hospital. We fear that administration is trying to hush up the issue,\" said Runu Kundu, leader of the samity.State BJP leader Biswapriya Roychoudhury said, \"When such an allegation has been made, police must take action. The district magistrate is not above the law. If the administration tries to hush up the issue, people will protest.\"According to sources, four women NVF workers engaged at the DM's bungalow at present have asked their seniors that they should be posted elsewhere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13103880", "title": "Lok Adalat to be held on May 26", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To provide legal services to persons from different sections of society and dispose of minor cases, a Lok Adalat is being organised on the last Saturday of every month (May 26 for this month), under the joint aegis of State Legal Service Authority, Uttar Pradesh and High Court Legal Service Committee (HCLSC).Giving this information, R K Upadhyaya, secretary, HCLSC, said that civil suits, cases related to the Motor Vehicle Act, and family matters can be settled at the Lok Adalat through mutual understanding and agreement. The decision of Lok Adalats are considered to be at par with the decision taken by the competent courts and have to be complied with by both the parties. The decisions taken by Lok Adalats are final and cannot be challenged in any court of law.Further, the HCLSC also offers legal services to the victims of immoral acts, those who have been engaged as labourers without being paid any wages, mentally ill and physically challenged persons, along with victims of natural calamity, caste violence and industrial disasters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13103019", "title": "2 roadblocks halt traffic juggernaut", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two roadblocks on Thursday turned out to be a nightmare for Amdavadis head home after a hard day's labour. The first was caused due to unscheduled digging near MJ Library, where laborers were grappling with an unusual problem in a civic line. During peak hours there were a few feet of space on the side for large traffic to crawl. As the area was not cordoned a large cloud of dust obstructed vision of commuters.The other roadblock was caused by enraged residents of Chamundanagar. For the last few months toxic chemical effluent has been flowing into their homes. The women in the area took to the street and blocked traffic on the main road.The agitators opened the blockade only when civic officials turned up at the site to resolve the issue. Police had to resort to mild lathicharge to disperse the crowd. Local residents have been complaining for almost two months regarding the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13102696", "title": "High court notice to ex-DGP, chief secretary for inaction during Gujjar stir", "text": "JAIPUR: Former chief secretary D C Sawant and former director general of police (DGP) A S Gill could be charged for committing contempt of court for their alleged inaction during the Gujjar agitation in 2008. The Rajasthan High Court on Friday issued notices to the then chief secretary Sawant and the then DGP Gill asking them to explain why contempt proceedings should not be initiated against them.The single bench of Justice Mahesh Chand Sharma, while hearing the state government's contempt petition against Gujjar leader Kirori Singh Bainsla, observed that the government, too, failed to maintain law and order during the community's agitation for quota in jobs and educational institutions in May-June 2008. Since Sawant and Gill were holding the top government posts then, the bench noted that the officers need to do some explaining. The two officers, who have retired and settled outside Rajasthan, have time till July 23 to file replies.Principal secretary (home) Ashok Sampatram, DGP Harish Meena and Bainsla were present in the court when the notices were issued. The bench directed DGP Meena to ensure that the court notices were served to Sawant and Gill.Bainsla, along with his 12 supporters, has been facing the contempt charge as the Gujjar agitation in 2008 witnessed violent clashes between the police and the protesters, resulting in loss of human lives and damage to government properties. The first Gujjar agitation in June 2007 saw similar violent clashes. As per the government reply in court, the two agitations resulted in death of 62 people and loss of government property worth Rs 30 crores. The Gujjars under Bainsla had uprooted railway tracks and forcefully blocked national highways in the eastern districts of Bharatpur, Dausa, Karauli and Sawai Madhopur.Once the 2008 agitation was called off after negotiations, the then Vasundhara Raje government filed the contempt petition against Bainsla alleging that the Gujjar leader and his supporters knowingly violated the high court order of September 10, 2007, which required the Gujjars to keep their protests peaceful.Justice Sharma, while hearing the petition, however, wanted to know what the state government did to maintain law and order during the agitation in 2008. On behalf of the government, additional advocate general NA Naqvi said on Friday that Bharatpur collector denied permission for the protest in May 2008. \"When Bainsla and his supporters still declared to go ahead with the protest, we made 18,000 preventive detentions, suspended nearly 1600 arms licences, clamped prohibitory orders against public gatherings, deployed Army and RAC at sensitive places and registered police cases against law breakers across the state,\" Naqvi told the bench. The court, however, said it was not satisfied with the government reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13108518", "title": "Kan Kar Gal Sun is our favourite: cloud 9", "text": "Can you tell us about your background?We're Amit and Deepak and together we make up Cloud 9 Music. We're two friends from Birmingham and we've both held a strong interest in music and musical instruments from an early age. \"Kan Kar Gal Sun\" is our debut single and released on the 22nd March 2012 on VIP Records.How did you guys come together?We were first introduced to each other in our teens by mutual friends. We quickly formed a strong friendship due to common interests and hobbies, one of which was music.What made the two of you release your own material?We've always held a strong interest in Bhangra music and used to listen to the latest releases as much as and as soon as possible. When listening to new music, we used to find ourselves discussing how we would have produced the tracks if we were given the chance to do so. This spurred us on to learn instruments, music and engineering so that one day we would have the opportunity to produce our own music. We've been lucky to realise that goal of releasing our music!Your new single 'Kan Kar Gal' is a Chamkila re-make, were you apprehensive about redoing such a classic?The Late Amar Singh Chamkila has always been a huge inspiration of ours and \"Kan Kar Gal Sun\" is one of our favourite Chamkila tracks of all time, which is why we were always keen to re-produce it. What was challenging for us was to create something that would do justice to the original! We thought it best to go with a different composition and style to the original so that this classic song could be appreciated in today's market. Fingers crossed, it looks to have worked so far!You've also signed to VIP Records, what made you chose VIP over other labels out there currently?Obviously as debutant producers looking for a label for your first project, you need to ensure that you sign up to a label which will provide you with the support you will require. VIP Records sold it to us on the first meeting! They had a clear and concise plan for the album and its release and also a clear plan of how they would be supporting us as artists. Since that first meeting, VIP records have always been on hand to support us in terms of advice, direction, promotion planning and have provided this help in abundance. We are over the moon that we've been able to debut this project with them as our label.How did you decide on what singers to work with?When thinking of vocalists for \"Kan Kar Gal Sun\", we wanted the male vocals to be strong and raw and the female vocalist to have an element of sweetness and sophistication in her voice. This would bode well with the compositions we were planning as we were looking for different styles of music for each set of vocals. Balwinder Matewaria &amp; Sudesh Kumari both stood out for us immediately as the most suitable singers for this project. They've both done an amazing job on this track and we've had some great feedback on the quality of the vocals.What can the fans expect from your debut album?Our debut album, \"Sky's the Limit\", is a hard hitting album with plenty of variation and diversity. We've mixed it up with a few easy-listening tracks, a romantic track, and of course some Desi Bhangra as you've seen with \"Kan Kar Gal Sun\". It's not just the music that we've tried to vary on this album - the lyrics of our tracks range across a number of concepts such as friendship, love and joyous occasions. These concepts are tailored around happy, sad and reminiscent scenarios. The album is an all-rounder that hopefully everyone will enjoy!The UK Bhangra scene has evolved now into a single led industry; do you think there's much scope for albums anymore?Yes definitely - releasing a single is a great achievement and an excellent route to make an initial breakthrough onto the scene however you can only show your depth and variation as producers by releasing an album. An album gives you an opportunity to showcase different styles and genres of music and certainly demands more respect from your critics.Which singers would you love to work with in the future?We would absolutely love to work with Master Saleem. The guy is simply amazing and we're both huge fans of his. The meaning of his songs combined with the way he performs them is purely in a class of its own. Rahat Fateh Ali Khan, Baljit Malwa, Sardool Sikander and Hans Raj Hans are also artists we would love to collaborate with.Do you two have creative differences?Not really! We both enjoy a similar style of music so we've pretty much been in agreement to date - I guess as we continue to work on new projects, we may start to think a little differently. This will be beneficial to our music as it will allow us to bring different schools of thought together. Two heads are always better than one!What is your opinion of the music industry as it is today?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13102851", "title": "Four bookies arrested, police link being probed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The director general of police's vigilance squad on Friday arrested four brothers for cricket betting. According to the squad members, they got a tip-off that some bookies were active near Surdhara circle in Sola and were regularly taking bets on IPL matches.The informer told the cops that the bookies are being helped by some officials of the city police and that the operation should be conducted in secrecy. N D Chauhan, police inspector of DGP's vigilance squad raided the apartment and arrested Mitesh Patel, 22, along with his three brothers who were running the racket. \"We have seized Rs 65,000 cash and 22 mobile phones from them,\" said police officials. Cops are now scrutinizing their mobile phone records to find out which city police officials they were in touch with.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "araria", "code": "13102059", "title": "Two bank managers, 3 cashiers held for fraud", "text": "ARARIA: In a major crackdown, the Special Task Force (STF) arrested two bank managers and three head cashiers of different nationalized banks for allegedly embezzling government funds worth over Rs 15 crore in the last couple of years in Araria district. The arrests were made on Wednesday night and Thursday.The STF arrested the Central Bank of India (CBI) branch managers S N Thakur and Rama Kant Jaisawal and three head cashiers Chandeshwar Kumar Singh (CBI), Anuranjan Singh (UCO) and Subroto Kumar Das (SBI), police said.While branch manager S N Thakur, currently posted at Jamalpur in Munger district, was ferreted out and arrested at his private residence in Bhagalpur on Wednesday night, Rama Kant Jaisawal was arrested at Amdabad in Katihar district where he was working, police said.Thakur gobbled up Rs 10 crore when he was posted at Palasi in Araria district some four years ago. Jaisawal worked as a branch manager at the CBI branch at Gerki under the Jokihat block in the district during the same period, the police said. The CBI, UCO Bank and SBI cashiers were hauled up from Kursela (Katihar), Rampur and Narpatganj (both in Araria district), the police said. They have since been remanded in judicial custody, creating huge flutter in the bank circles, sources said.Araria SP Shivdeep Lande on Thursday disclosed that the aforesaid bank managers and head cashiers had defrauded government funds worth over Rs 15 crore by extending farm and other loans to fake persons and also gobbled up the same through forged land documents and advancing loans against extremely substandard farm tools and assets. He said the alleged corrupt practices surged to the fore in December 2011 when some complaints were lodged by some farmers of the district.Subsequent inquiries found the charges against the bank officials prima facie correct and a Special Task Force was formed for the purpose, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13103819", "title": "Hospitals set to be registered online", "text": "NASHIK: In his address as the newly appointed president of the Indian Medical Association (IMA), Nashik, Dr Amit Mittal proposed online registration for hospitals to officiating municipal commissioner, P Velrasu. The latter agreed to include this proposal in the administration's computerization plan.\"The members of IMA requested for this because registration at present is cumbersome and time consuming. Every year, we have to collect the forms from the Nashik Municipal Corporation, fill the forms, submit it to the NMC and collect it after approval. Making the registration online would save time, money, energy, effort and middlemen (if any). For new hospitals, physical documentation is fine but for renewal, online registration should be permitted,\" said Dr Mittal.At present, the registration process includes filling up forms providing every minor detail about the hospital like the area, staff, cots, consultants and other such details. Doctors say that every year the details are more or less the same.\"Renewal of registration is necessary every year and physical documents are also difficult to maintain. Retrieving data electronically is easier, in case anyone asks for it,\" said Dr Mittal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "13104135", "title": "CBI seeks info on Sakshi staff", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has asked all the joint commissioners of labour (JCLs) in the state to furnish the employees' details of Sakshi group. In an urgent letter sent on Friday, CBI SP H Venkatesh virtually put the JCLs on notice by giving them 24 hours to furnish the details.He said the notices issued by his office should be treated as notice under section 91 of CrPC. Venkatesh said, \"In connection with the investigation of the case, it is requested that the details of number of persons employed and type of employment of Jagati Publications Private Limited, Indira Television Pvt Limited and Janani Infrastructure Pvt Limited may be provided. This may be treated as notice under section 91 of CrPC.\"He sought details of the employees, particularly with reference to the working Journalists and other Newspaper Employees (conditions of service ) and Provisions Act of 1976. In view of the above urgency of the matter, all the JCLs have been directed to furnish the information, including documents like registration certificates, returns submitted by the company and inspection reports, if any.Analysts said two days after freezing the bank accounts of Jagathi Publications (Sakshi daily) and Indira Television (Sakshi TV), the CBI seems to have decided to put the management of the media group on the mat by gathering the information about the actual number of people it has employed.The CBI notices were significant in the wake of managements of both the media organizations claiming before the court that paralyzing the bank accounts would pose a threat to the future of over 20,000 people employed in the media group. CBI issuing notices to the JCLs is particularly noteworthy after chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy pooh-poohed the management's claims of proving employment to over 20,000.The CM during his Mahbubnagar visit on Thursday said that Sakshi group employed hardly about one thousand and that's not a big figure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102265", "title": "RTI activist Balwani case: Family claims papers missing", "text": "NEW DELHI: The family members of RTI activist Ravider Balwani, who died mysteriously, have alleged that the documents being carried by him were rummaged through on the day he was knocked down by a speeding vehicle. His wife Anjana said while it was unclear whether some important documents were missing from his bag, she knew for a fact that her husband had been collecting evidence to move court for reposting of case against CM Sheila Dikshit related to the power sector. The family on Friday met information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi and asked him to direct the police and other agencies to probe the case.\"It was shocking when senior officers of the south district told me they were not aware of Balwani being alone at the time of the incident. We want a separate probe to determine if there was theft of documents,'' said Anjana. Delhi Police said \"high-level'' inquiries had upheld the south Delhi police's findings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13103636", "title": "Seeking justice through a social network", "text": "PANAJI: A group of citizens has formed a Facebook group seeking justice for a Goan whose wife and unborn child died in a road accident in Gurgaon recently.On May 5, Shailesh Shetye along with his pregnant wife Kshama Shetye, and parents were being driven back home by their driver Sanjay after a doctor's visit at Gurgaon in Haryana.Boris Gonsalves, a friend of Shailesh who provided TOI with the information of the accident said, \"In a fraction of a second, their world turned upside down when a speeding BMW car at 150 kmph driven by a reckless real estate businessman's son rammed into their car.\"Gonsalves states the BMW bore a Gurgaon registration number and the car is owned by Devendra Sherawat, also a resident of Sector 14.The driver is absconding and Gonsalves fears soon the police will report that they cannot find him or that he was innocent and will frame one of the businessman's servant instead.The Facebook group called 'Justice for Kshama and Shailesh Shetye' was created by Shailesh's friends and already has over 10,000 members.His friends and well-wishers in Goa are planning to organize a candlelight vigil at the Miramar circle on May 12 with the theme 'Goa is united for justice'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13103498", "title": "Woman assaults man, robs chain", "text": "CHENNAI: A 45-year-old man was left gobsmacked after a woman he offered to help with directions suddenly slapped him, grabbed his chain and sped away on a motorcycle on Pantheon Road on Friday.Police said S Saikumar, who works for a computer firm on Montieth Road, was on Pantheon Road on Friday morning when a woman wearing a helmet approached him on a motorbike.\"Saikumar said she asked him how to get to Chepauk, then turned hostile and abused him for no apparent reason,\" a police officer said. \"She slapped him, snatched his 2 sovereign gold chain and raced away before he could react.\"Saikumar told police he was too shocked to note the registration number of the motorbike. He could not describe the woman in detail because she was wearing a helmet.Police officers were not convinced by Saikumar's account of the incident and questioned him. They asked him if he had any enemies or if there had been a dispute in his family.\"It was peak hour and the road would have been crowded so an incident like this sounds far-fetched,\" said Egmore inspector P Thanaselvam. \"As soon as the woman snatched his chain, he should have alerted the nearest traffic policeman, but he did not.\"\"If Saikumar is telling the truth, someone in his family could be the culprit,\" he said. \"He told us there was some problem in his family.\"The Egmore police have registered a case and are searching for the woman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13102982", "title": "Government amends norms on koliwadas", "text": "MUMBAI: Two weeks after chief minister Prithviraj Chavan approved a proposal to grant higher FSI for redevelopment in koliwadas in Mumbai, the state urban development (UDD) has modified development control (DC) regulations to allow the fishermen colonies to avail of the perk.There was no provision for redevelopment of koliwadas in the prevalent DC regulations as they were recognized as distinct non-urban habitats.The koliwadas have now been accorded the same status as gaothans in the DC rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13101961", "title": "Musical event captures many moods of nature", "text": "NAGPUR: Now it is the turn of musical shows to focus attention on health and lifestyle related issues. At the Scientific Society hall on Friday evening, a musical programme presented by 'Swaryash' titled 'Usha Se Nisha Tak' sought to draw attention to all things natural we are missing in everyday rush.Conceptualised by Yashashree Bhave Pathak, this was an effort to reintroduce the joys of such magnificent sights as the rising sun, the sixteen phases of moon as it sails in the sky and the different moods of joy, anger, loneliness and partings that we experience through the day.Beginning with two back to back numbers, Bhini Bhini Bhor and Jyoti Kalash Chhalke, Yashashree set the mood of the evening by conjuring up images of day break through melody. The leisurely sung Tera Mera Saath Rahe by Vasanthi Gundawar had a languorous aura but the peppy Raat Kali was rendered with a teasing touch by Shashi Vaidya.For a programme that attempts to connect the audience with the beauty of nature, it is imperative that it be supported by riveting anchoring. Shweta Shelgaokar suitably fulfilled this requirement. Reminding the listeners about the healing touch that nature offers, she extolled the joys of early morning and the quietness that a serene moonlit night offers. Ek Hasin Shaam Ko presented by Shashikant Waghmare stirred nostalgia and was a reminder about these simple emotions that get stymied in the daily grind. Suraj Hua Maddham sung by Aarti Buty and Shashi Vaidya was a fine example of how nature is used for expressing love.Besides reintroducing the beauty of nature through Bollywood numbers, the members of the musical group also felicitated 20 years of professional singing of Yashashree Bhave Pathak who was a participant in the music reality show Indian Idol 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13103362", "title": "Police to impose ban on agitations near Saidapet", "text": "CHENNAI: To improve the flow of traffic on Anna Salai, the traffic police are working on a proposal to impose a permanent ban on protests near Panagal Maligai in Saidapet.The building, just 500m from Raj Bhavan where national and international dignitaries stay during visits to the city, is the stage for many a political protest. Protesters park their vehicles haphazardly on the arterial road hindering trafficIt is estimated that at least 10,000 vehicles ply on Anna Salai in an hour. Any slowdown in traffic on the stretch would mean vehicles piling up for more than 3-4km, according to the traffic police. Moreover, the width of the stretch between Maraimalai Adigalar Bridge and Saidapet police station has been reduced due to the ongoing work on the metro rail project.\"Once the vehicles pile up, it takes at least one to two hours to clear the traffic. Recently, two major protests - one led by law students and the other by DMDK leader Vijayakanth - created utter chaos on Anna Salai for many hours,\" sub-inspector (traffic) V Palaniappan said.A group of traders on VGP Salai in Saidapet expressed displeasure with the proposal to ban agitations. \"Normally, the daily sales are between Rs 3,000 and Rs 4,500. But if anyone stages a protest here, sales go up to more than Rs 6,000,\" said bunk shop owner B Madasamy.In 2011, police banned protests on Kamarajar Salai and on the Marina. \"Now, only peaceful rallies or for protests for a cause are allowed on the service road near the Marina. Protesters are allowed along a route via the South Cooum Road from Rajarathnam Stadium to Langs Garden Road in Egmore. We also allow the public and political parties to stage dharnas and fasts near the Memorial Hall, just opposite the government general hospital,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13101991", "title": "Nagpur: Once rivals, tuitions and schools join hands", "text": "NAGPUR: Since the proposed engineering admission process will take into account Std XII board exam marks as well, official tie-ups between educational institutes and coaching classes are now the order the day.Frenzied activity is being witnessed in the city as major coaching institutes have approached schools, and vice versa for partnership to leverage each other's assets. It is a win-win situation for both parties - the coaching institute gets access to hundreds of potential students and school's infrastructure while the school in turn gets to advertise its value-added services.So far, only CBSE affiliated schools in the city have gone for the arrangement as the new CET will be conducted by the central board itself. Bansal Classes from Kota have already entered into a partnership with Centre Point School and Tuli Public School has tied up with Integra Eduventure. TOI has learnt that many other coaching institutes are in the midst of finalizing similar tie-ups.With coaching being conducted on the school campus, CBSE students do not miss out on their regular studies as is the case with many state board institutes.However, senior educationist Deepak Bajaj opposes these tie-ups and questions schools' credibility. \"Earlier tuition classes were held outside campus and looked down upon and now these tuition classes have entered our classrooms officially. With such tie-ups schools are endorsing that teachers are not good enough to provide quality education,\" said Bajaj.Urvashi Yashroy, director of Tuli Group of Educational Institutes, feels they are being unnecessarily portrayed as villains. \"Almost every parent sends his child for tuitions if they are aiming for competitive exams, but we don't force anyone for it. Normally, a child spends an entire day at school then rushes off for tuitions outside and reaches home only by 8pm, with no energy to do anything else. However, with the integration programme the student enters the campus at 8am and even after coaching leaves by 4pm. Once he reaches home there is ample time to relax and study,\" Yashroy said.Denying that this would be like questioning school teachers' abilities, Yashroy added that different skills were required for competitive examination.She adds that questioning the quality of teachers is not correct as different skills are needed for competitive exams.\"Board exams are very subjective but competitive exams are objective. The approach for solving competitive exams is the add-on package which coaching classes provide,\" said Yashroy.Jayshree Motghare, a parent, said, \"To commute between home and tuitions kids have to be given vehicles. I have read about many of them meeting with accidents due to rash driving. In an integrated coaching set-up we won't have to worry about their safety on road.\"While CBSE schools have come in the spotlight for official tie-ups, fact is that many state junior colleges are reaping illegal benefits thanks to their unofficial tie-ups with coaching classes. One of the city's top science colleges has an agreement with IIT and BITS Pilani coaching centre. Students are allowed to remain absent from classes and their proxy attendance is marked by college management.However, as the new engineering CET picture gets clearer in the coming months, we might see many state board colleges too going for 'official' tie-ups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "13102166", "title": "FIR against water department for ONGC GM\u2019s death", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The Ghaziabad police filed an FIR on Friday against the water supply (Jalkal) department in connection with the death of Anil Kumar Tayal, a general manager with ONGC who had died after falling into an open pit in Indirapuram.Cops have also launched a probe to fix accountability for the 54-year-old PSU official's death at Green Valley park on Sunday evening. They hope to name the Jalkal employees responsible for leaving the underground chamber open in the FIR, senior officers said.Police said they found the valve installed inside the pit was operated by Jalkal department. \"We have asked officials to fix responsibility for the lapse. A police team is also inspecting the case. Within a day or two, we will book officials responsible for the incident,\" SO Indirapuram Gorakh Nath Yadav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "13102256", "title": "Thrashed, they cried in pain, screamed for help", "text": "ROHTAK: People living in the vicinity of the shelter home often had an inkling of the goings-on but they did not complain fearing Jaswanti's links with high-ups. The three-storey building housed around 100 inmates and people said they frequently heard the girls crying and screaming to the pain of brutal thrashing.A neighbour said Jaswanti was extremely crude and quarrelsome. \"I once objected to the wrongdoings and she argued with me while boasting of her connections,\" the neighbour said.\"The house was kept locked round the clock and no one was allowed to step outside. Senior district officials visited the place at times to attend functions. Jaswanti claimed to have married off some girls but it looks like all was arranged and the bride was given away for a price,\" said the neighbour.Jaswanti was a member of the district juvenile justice board and of the child welfare committee headed by the deputy commissioner. She was enrolled as an advocate in the Rohtak bar association.She was honoured with the Indira Gandhi Nari Shakti Puraskar carrying a cash prize of Rs 1,00,000 and a citation certificate for her alleged contribution in the field of woman and child welfare, by the Haryana State Council for Children Welfare. She was awarded by the chief guest during the Independence Day function in 2010 by the Rohtak district administration, for \"outstanding social work\".Meanwhile, Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda said the district police were investigating the matter and the guilty ones shall be punished. \"Strict action will be taken against those indulging in misdeeds, irrespective of their status\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13103388", "title": "Coimbatore: Criteria for class IX promotions set in", "text": "COIMBATORE: Easy walkovers from IX to X standard, at least in government-run or aided schools are over. A meeting of school heads, convened by the District Education Officer (DEO) on Friday decided to allow schools in Coimbatore to withhold those having attendance below 50%, and marks below 30% from being promoted to Class X.Officials who spoke at the meeting clarified that the Right to Education Act mandates 'all promotion' only till Class VIII.The headmaster of a corporation school, who attended the meeting, said he was relieved by the fact that officials have allowed schools to fail prolonged absentee students, and those with poor scores.He said they were told that they could fail those scoring less than 25% in the quarterly, mid-year and annual examinations. \"This may need the permission of officials in the education department, but we hope to streamline some students who cannot be taught,\" he said.R Balamurali, the DEO (District Education Officer) of Coimbatore education district, said schools can consider failing class IX students with severe shortages in attendance and marks.Teachers said that last year, all class IX students were to be promoted. \"This caused problems in the schools, especially those within city limits,\" a headmasterstated. He said the promotion of irregular students affected the morale of others.\"Junior students feel they can pass without studying or attending classes,\" he said. He also pointed out that as their students come mostly from lower middle class families as first generation learners, their families cannot guide them.However, teachers of schools outside city limits, said they do not have students who fit the fail criteria. Theresa A, headmistress of St Joseph's Girls Higher Secondary School at Somanur said that as they reach out to the homes of absent students, cases of prolonged absences and low marks were few. As a school in a village, it was easy to communicate with parents, she indicated.R Visalakshi, president of the Association of the Federation of Private Schools, said the criteria for promoting students has been made very liberal, and will affect the knowledge level of students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102343", "title": "Suspected Maoist caught in Rohini", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 42-year-old suspected Maoist - allegedly the chief trainer of the female armed wing of the erstwhile People's War Group in Jharkhand and wanted in the murder of a superintendant of police 12 years ago - was arrested from Rohini on Thursday by the Crime Branch of Delhi Police.The accused, Pradip Kumar Singh, is reportedly an expert in fitting landmines. Investigators said Singh is the father of Rakesh, a Maoist Action Squad member active in the Palamau region.Additional DCP (SIT) Joy Tirkey said Singh was initiated into active politics at Dalton College in 1988 through the Jharkhand Mazdoor Kisan Sangrami Parishad and participated in the agitation for separate statehood for Jharkhand in 1997. By the late '90s, he emerged as a key member of People's War Group (PWG), which merged with Maoist Communist Centre to form CPI (Maoist) in 2004.Singh, who hails from Latehar in Jharkhand, is said to be wanted in the murder of Dr Ajay Kumar Singh, Superintendent of Police of Lohardaga, in October 2000.He reportedly received arms training in the jungles of Sarayu before he was assigned the job to assassinate top police officers of Jharkhand. He began laying landmines after noticing the SP's convoy but ran out of time to activate it. It was then that his associates opened fire on the cop.Sources said Singh was identified within 10 days of the attack. \"He was forced to flee to Jalandhar where his brother-in-law was working at a blanket manufacturing firm. While there, he joined as a Munshi on the under-construction Jalandhar-Pathankot highway for the next four years till 2004. He tried returning to his residence in 2005 but agencies came to know about his move,\" the sources said.\"He then went to his sister's residence when Maoist Action Squad members Balram Oragaon and Nakul initiated him back into the squad. He helped set up training squads but fled yet again in 2006 when the Jharkhand police almost nabbed him,\" they added.The sources also said that Singh came to visit his uncle in Noida, who got him a job with a security agency as a supervisor. In 2010, he again returned to Sarayu in Jharkhand and was designated as the trainer for the women and childrens' squad of the Maoists.In February this year, his squad was surrounded by CRPF during operation Green Hunt. Seven members - including a woman - died but he managed to escape and come to Noida.On April 10, his commanders went to his Jharkhand residence and asked his wife to call him back. \"He was meeting someone in Rohini for this purpose when we arrested him,'' said a source.DCP (crime) Sanjay Jain claimed that Singh is now an ideologue and recruiter in big cities. \"He is no more into the armed wing. His job is to motivate youngsters. He is a good orator and uses his propaganda to spread PWG influence,\" Jain said.Singh's 20-year-old son Rakesh, the local area commander of Maoists in Latehar, has a number of murder and kidnapping cases against him and is the \"most wanted man\" in the area. A loaded 7.65 mm pistol along with two live cartridges was recovered from his possession,\" Jain said. Singh was declared proclaimed offender in the case and was absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13103839", "title": "Army mum on what led to Leh clash", "text": "NEW DELHI: Did jawans of the artillery regiment deployed in the Nyoma sector of eastern Ladakh turn against their abusive officers or did they trigger the clash by their misbehaviour? With a stunned Army unwilling to disclose details, there were conflicting versions about what triggered the clash on Thursday that left a Colonel , a Major and two jawans in hospital.As per one account, it began when a sahayak (orderly) was thrashed by a group of five or six young officers for misbehaving with a Major's wife. Other jawans became agitated after the sahayak was not allowed medical treatment by the officers. The crisis deepened when the officers ganged up to thrash the unit CO, who tried to intervene on behalf of the jawans.This, in turn, led the jawans to vent their anger on the officers and even seize control of the armoury.The other version held that the unit officers had turned the firing drills into a \"family picnic\" by bringing their wives to the range. The clash was triggered after an inebriated officer abused and thrashed a jawan, identified as Suman Ghosh, in the makeshift mess there for daring to complain about the behaviour of an officer's wife. This led the jawans to close ranks against to take on the officers, many of whom fled from the area.The Army headquarters here, however, rejected the versions. \"Neither was an officer's wife molested, nor did young officers thrash the Colonel. There was also no attempt to take control of the armoury. Moreover, the rumour about three Majors being on the run is untrue...everyone in the artillery unit is accounted for,'' claimed the senior officer.Whatever be the case, the incident marks a new low in a continuing series of unseemly controversies dogging the Army in recent months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13107151", "title": "Former beauty queen makes her film debut", "text": "Melanie Kannokada, former Miss India America is all set to make her film debut in the upcoming indie feature film Love, Lies &amp; Seeta, which will hit Indian screens on May 18. Melanie has also appeared in sitcoms including Rules of Engagement and Parenthood.Tell us about your character Seeta in the film Love, Lies and Seeta . How different is this film from the other indie films? My character Seeta has everything going for her-great friend's family, and living in the dynamic city of New York . She's fiercely independent and self reliant and looks at love as a dependency. She in fact thinks she doesn't need it in her life. Love, Lies and Seeta is an independent film that blends both Hollywood and Bollywood sensibilities. Unlike many crossover films, this movie is not about the struggle of East meets West, but it's an acceptance of the same. The film also features a mixed cast of Indian and American actors living the American dream.There is a general perception that models can't act... You can say that after you see me in the movie.You are also involved in lot of philanthropic activities... I am one of the co-founders of a non-profit organization called Hospital for Hope, which I started with a couple of my classmates from Stanford University . We are currently building a hospital in Jharkhand to serve an extremely neglected region spanning over 100,000 villagers. It's been a fulfilling journey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102221", "title": "New plan to make ITO signal-free", "text": "NEW DELHI: Making ITO signal free is the latest proposal floated by the Delhi government to decongest the stretch. This is at least the fifth plan in recent years to improve traffic flow at one of the city's busiest intersections. All previous proposals were shelved for various reasons.The conceptual plan aims at merging the existing two-way lanes at Vikas Marg to make a four lane one-way road going towards Laxmi Nagar. For traffic coming from Laxmi Nagar towards ITO, the plan suggests construction of three loop shaped flyovers - first to connect Vikas Marg with Tilak Marg, second connecting Tilak Marg with Deen Dayal Upadhya (DDU) Marg and the third, Kotla Marg to Bahadur Shah Zafar (BSZ) Marg.Delhi government's PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan told TOI that the department is conducting a study to calculate the traffic volume on the stretch to check the plan's viability. The plan designed by Bhishma Kumar Chugh, special advisor, Innovative Technology and System (IT&S;) department of the Delhi government, is still at a conceptual stage.The first flyover, the longest of the three, will start from ITO bridge and end at a road behind Vikas Minar and Vikas Bhawan. This is a neglected narrow road that connects Ring Road with Tilak Marg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13102489", "title": "Russell Market area was in dark at the time of fire", "text": "BANGALORE: The area around Russell Market was pitch dark as all streetlights were switched off when a fire gutted 173 of the 440 shops in the 87-year-old heritage structure on February 25. This raises the possibility of miscreants setting off the blaze.This fact came to light during investigations of the Karnataka Electrical Inspectorate, which has concluded that the fire was not the result of short circuit. However, the three-page report didn't say that the blaze was the handiwork of miscreants.TN Appachu, electrical inspector, Bangalore additional East, who inspected the market after the tragedy, said: \"Traders and eyewitnesses told us that BBMP hadn't paid power bills of streetlights in the area, following which Bescom disconnected supply.\"\"After investigation, we found the fire started from a place filled with debris and there was not a single electrical wire, switch, cable or meter box. Our findings clearly say that the mishap wasn't due to short circuit as reported from the beginning. But who are we to conclude that it was done by miscreants? We only indicated at intentional damage to the marketplace,\" Appachu explained.At loggerheads with copsAppachu dismissed Shivajinagar police claims that they had returned the report seeking clarifications. He said copies of the report have been sent to the principal secretary in the energy department , deputy commissioner of police of that jurisdiction, head of the fire and emergency services department and the forensic sciences laboratory, which is also investigating the accident.The report found that the external fire damaged meter boxes fitted on wooden boards outside the 177 shops that were gutted. But the wires, cables and circuit breakers used to disconnect the lines whenever there is an overload are all intact, it pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13102966", "title": "Government flouted rules on Adarsh: Babu", "text": "MUMBAI: In more trouble for former chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh , one of the state's top bureaucrats, Swadheen Kshatriya, on Friday told the judicial commission that the Maharashtra government flouted rules and did not protect the interests of BEST when it allotted over 2,669 square metres of depot land to Adarsh.This is the first time a serving bureaucrat has questioned the decision of the then government, headed by Deshmukh, to favour Adarsh. Additional chief secretary Kshatriya was earlier BEST general manager and Mumbai's municipal commissioner.Adarsh's lawyer, Saket Mone, asked Kshatriya: \"Will it be correct to state that the Maharashtra government followed rules and regulations and also protected the interests of BEST before issuing the notification (to allot the depot land to BEST)?'' Kshatriya emphatically replied: \"No!''Kshatriya had on Thursday told the commission: \"I stick to the stand, as it was the BEST's stand at that time (to oppose the state's plan to allot the land to BEST).'' Kshatriya said, \"I do not wish to change my statement'', in response to a question by Mone.Following a request by Adarsh society, which had been allotted an adjacent plot, the state urban development department had proposed in 2005 to de-reserve land reserved for a BEST depot at Backbay. The reservation was changed to residential and the land allotted to Adarsh. The society had to keep the land open and allow an access road for buses, but construction rights available on the land in the form of floor space index were allotted to Adarsh so that it could add floors to its multi-storeyed tower.Deshmukh had insisted that the allotment was above board and BEST was protected. But Kshatriya had on Thursday said BEST had never given its no-objection certificate, as it required the land for the future. \"BEST did not agree to a change of reservation, it did not agree to FSI being given to anyone else, as it is not legally permissible,'' he had said.Another witness, Dr B N Patil, director and member secretary, of Maharashtra Coastal Zone Management Authority (MCZMA) told the commission Adarsh had not yet got coastal regulation zone clearance from the state authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13103425", "title": "Fewer takers for engineering applications in Anna University on Day 1", "text": "CHENNAI: The forecast is dim for engineering admissions this year. On Friday, the first day of the sale of applications, Anna University sold 85,986 forms at various centres across the state - nearly 2,800 lesser than the 88,770 applications sold on the first day in 2011.\"This is an indication that more engineering seats are likely to go vacant this year than in 2011,\" said educational consultant P Moorthy Selvakumaran.Last year, Anna University began issuing applications a couple of days after the results were announced, meaning only those eligible for admission could have bought the forms. This year, the Class 12 board exam results are expected only on May 22 and more forms were expected to be sold. Still, the first-day number is low, clearly indicating a trend, said educational consultants.Anna University vice-chancellor P Mannar Jawahar had earlier said that more than 2 lakh forms had been printed and that every engineering aspirant could be assured of a seat.Despite 42,000 government quota seats going vacant last year, about 28,000 seats are to be added to the matrix in 2012. The All India Council for Technical Education has approved more than 100 new engineering colleges and many existing ones have sought approval for additional seats and new courses.Academics said more students were likely to go to arts and science colleges as IT companies had indicated, during the last placement season, that they preferred science graduates to engineers for jobs like software testing, as they could be hired at lower salaries.Chennai: The forecast is dim for engineering admissions this year. On Friday, the first day of the sale of applications, Anna University sold 85,986 forms at various centres across the state - nearly 2,800 lesser than the 88,770 applications sold on the first day in 2011. \"This is an indication that more engineering seats are likely to go vacant this year than in 2011,\" said educational consultant P Moorthy Selvakumaran.Last year, Anna University began issuing applications a couple of days after the results were announced, meaning only those eligible for admission could have bought the forms. This year, the Class 12 board exam results are expected only on May 22 and more forms were expected to be sold. Still, the first-day number is low, clearly indicating a trend, said educational consultants.Anna University vice-chancellor P Mannar Jawahar had earlier said that more than 2 lakh forms had been printed and that every engineering aspirant could be assured of a seat. Despite 42,000 government quota seats going vacant last year, about 28,000 seats are to be added to the matrix in 2012. The All India Council for Technical Education has approved more than 100 new engineering colleges and many existing ones have sought approval for additional seats and new courses.Academics said more students were likely to go to arts and science colleges as IT companies had indicated, during the last placement season, that they preferred science graduates to engineers for jobs like software testing, as they could be hired at lower salaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13102136", "title": "Patna HC quashes Patna University appointments", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Friday quashed the Patna University (PU) notifications appointing the head of departments (HoDs) of three different postgraduate (PG) departments.The order was passed by a single bench presided by Justice A K Tripathi on a writ petition filed by Sachchidanand Sharma and others challenging their removal from the post of the HoD.Sharma, Ranganath Prasad Diwakar and Bhagwan Prasad Singh were removed unceremoniously from the post of HoDs in March 2011. They were HODs of the departments of political science, philosophy and economics, respectively.Petitioner's lawyer Abhinav Srivastava said these three were removed even before completing their tenure of three years as per the June 2008 statute. Sharma, who was elevated to the post of HoD, political science, in February, 2010, was removed after 13 months in March 2011 by the then acting VC of PU, S Adhikari.The removal was challenged by him in the high court in April 2011.With the court's order on Friday, the notifications appointing Sunanda Bannerjee as HoD, political science, Sudha Srivastava as HoD, philosophy, and Rai Murari as HoD, economics, stand null and void.The high court also ordered that the seniority disputes be put before a screening committee and gave the panel time till June 26 to resolve such cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102388", "title": "Road to be widened for smooth traffic", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi government's latest proposal to make ITO signal free would require special measures to handle the high volume of traffic. The road will be widened by covering a drain adjacent to this road. This road will provide a signal-free flow of traffic from ITO to Tilak Marg.The second proposed flyover will be constructed for the traffic coming from Vikas Marg to go towards DDU Marg. It will start from the end point of the existing narrow road behind Vikas Minar and will merge into DDU Marg. Traffic coming from Vikas Marg to go to Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg will take the second proposed flyover and reach DDU Marg. It will then take the first right turn towards Kotla Marg. Here the third proposed flyover will come up to take traffic to the other side of the BSZ Marg.With ITO signal becoming one way, traffic coming from BSZ Marg would not be allowed to go straight towards Tilak Marg. These vehicles would will have to take a left towards Vikas Marg and then a right to take the road on the rear side of Vikas Bhawan to reach Tilak Marg.Once the plan gets a go-ahead by the PWD, it would be sent to the Unified Traffic and Transportation Infrastructure Planning &amp; Engineering Center and Delhi Urban Arts Commission for clearance. If approved, it would be put before the Delhi cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "13102268", "title": "2,022 Gharkul houses will be built in 2012-13", "text": "BHANDARA: The District Rural and Development Agency has built more than 13,000 Gharkul for scheduled caste, scheduled tribe families of below poverty line people. In 2012-13 financial year, 2,022 Gharkul houses will be built for them. The DRDA is a central government agency working for rural development.According to project director of DRDA NK Jejurkar, there is a waiting list of 29,247 in the district. Of these, 13,765 Gharkuls have been built. Each Gharkul costs Rs 70,000 out of which the beneficiary has to bear Rs 1,500 and remaining Rs 68,500 is provided by central government. The criteria for Gharkul beneficiary is that he should be from SC or ST category and his economic status should be below poverty line.\"There is also a Gharkul scheme of state government and it is implemented through social welfare department. Under this 1,570 beneficiaries have been covered,\" Jejurkar said.However, BJP MLA Nana Patole isn't happy with the Gharkul scheme. He said that in the scheme majority of other backward class families are not covered though they belong to BPL category. \"It is disturbing the very social fabric of the village. If the scheme continues then rural segment will witness a social conflict. The OBC families also fall under BPL category and they should also be covered in it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13104122", "title": "2 students held for stealing scholarship ATM cards", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three persons, including an engineering student, were arrested for allegedly stealing about 400 ATM cards of the BC Welfare Corporation and withdrawing Rs four lakh. The ATM cards were meant to be distributed among students to avail themselves of scholarship.DCP (North Zone) Ch Srikanth, in a press release, said that three childhood friends - A Shiva Kumar, a B Tech first year student, T Satya Kumar Goud, a B Sc student and G Manikanta, a sales boy of a private firm, committed the crime with the help of one Naveen Reddy.Police said that Satya Kumar Goud had visited the office of the BC Welfare Corporation in May 2010 to find out the status of his scholarship application. During his visit he found several SBI ATM cards in the office and stole one of them along with the PIN (personal identification number). Using the card, he withdrew Rs 1,000.Later on Goud and his friends went to the office and stole several cards. \"Using these cards they withdrew money frequently and spent lavishly. The accused even gave some of the money as loans to their friends,\" police said.Police said Naveen Reddy, the accomplice of the trio, is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13103537", "title": "Special trains to Ernakulam", "text": "HUBLI: South Western Railway has decided to run weekly express special trains between Yeshwantpur-Ernakulam-Yeshwantpur (train numbers 06543 / 06544) for six trips in each direction on Mondays, with effect from May 14 to June 18.Accordingly, train number 06543 Yeshwantpur-Ernakulam weekly express special will depart from Yeshwantpur at 09-15 hrs on Mondays, with effect from May 14 to June 18 (total : six specials) and will arrive at Ernakulam at 21-35 hrs on the same day.Enroute, the train will depart from Banaswadi at 09-45 hrs, Krishnarajapuram at 10-00 hrs, Bangarpet at 11-00 hrs, Kuppam at 11-30 hrs, depart from Jolarpettai a cabin at 12-55 hrs, Tiruppattur at 12-40 hrs, Morappur at 13-10 hrs, Salem at 14-20 hrs, Erode at 15-40 hrs, Tirupur at 16-25 hrs, Coimbatore at 17-20 hrs, depart from Podannur at 17-45 hrs, Palghat at 18-40 hrs, Shoranur B cabin at 19-33 hrs, Thrissur at 19-48 hrs, Aluva at 20-43 hrs and arrive at Ernakulam town at 20-58 hrs. In the return direction, train number. 06544 Ernakulam-Yeshwantpur weekly express special will depart from Ernakulam at 23-15 hrs on Monday, with effect from May 14 to June 18 and arrive at Yeshwantpur at 12-00 noon, the next day.Enroute, the weekly express special will depart from Aluva at 23-35 hrs, Thrissur at 00-35 hrs, Shoranur \"B\" Cabin 00-20 hrs, Palghat at 02-05 hrs, depart from Podannur at 03-00 hrs, Coimbatore at 03-15 hrs, Tiruppur at 04-00 hrs, Erode at 05-05 hrs, Salem at 06-05 hrs, Morappur at 06-50 hrs, Tiruppattur at 07-30 hrs, Jolarpettai A Cabin at 08-10 hrs, Kuppam at 08-37 hrs, Bangarpet at 09-02 hrs, Krishnarajapuram at 10-00 hrs and Banswadi at 10-20 hrs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13101562", "title": "Kerala Congress (M) picks Joy Abraham for Rajya Sabha", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Kerala Congress (M) has nominated Joy Abraham as the candidate for the coming Rajya Sabha elections. The decision was taken at the party's steering committee meeting at its state committee office here on Friday.Party leader K M Mani said Abraham had been elected unanimously. Joy Abraham is the party general secretary in-charge of the party office.Mani said the main issue discussed at the meeting was the Mullaperiyar dam. He said his party disagreed with the views of the empowered committee on the dam which stated that it was safe.He said the reports of the Central Water Commission and IIT Roorkee had said otherwise.The chief minister had also stated the safety of the dam should have been stressed in the report, Mani said.\"What Kerala needs is a new dam. It's important for our safety. In the last Budget, Rs 50 crore was allocated for that,\" Mani said.He said there was no question of reexamining Kerala's demand for a new dam as suggested by the empowered committee.Kerala would continue to argue the case strongly in the apex court, the minister added.Water resources minister P J Joseph, a prominent leader of the party, meanwhile, said the prime minister should intervene in the issue before the Supreme Court delivered the verdict in the case pertaining to the dam. Regarding annulment of the Kerala Chit Funds Act, Mani said the state didn't have to be apprehensive about it.\"The Kerala State Financial Enterprises (KSFE), the government-owned chit company that runs the majority of chit business in the state, wouldn't face any problem due to the new development,\" Mani said.According to new rule, chit companies will not be allowed to do any other business.However, Kerala State Financial Enterprises is also into other businesses. Mani said a new rule would be formulated in the state in consultation with the Reserve Bank of India to safeguard KSFE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13104466", "title": "Tagore\u2019s \u2018Gitanjali\u2019 now in Rajasthani", "text": "JAIPUR: Nobel luareate Rabindranath Tagore's work has been translated in various local and international languages. For the first time, the bard's most well-known work 'Gitanjali' has been translated in Rajasthani by eminent writer and lyricist Ikraam Rajasthani.The translated version titled 'Anjali Gitan Ri' will be released by West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee on May 16 in Kolkata. Actor Prosenjit Chatterjee is set to attend the event organized by Prabha Khaitan Foundation. \"Tagore's interest in Rajasthan was more through concepts of chivalry, beauty and heroism than a direct engagement with the region,\" said Kolkata-based culturist Sundeep Bhutoria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13102603", "title": "Schools begin notifying seats", "text": "BANGALORE: As many as 2,541 Bangalore Urban schools have notified block education officers (BEOs) on the number of seats available under RTE's 25% quota. Nearly 1,138 schools from North Bangalore have notified 11,304 seats and 1,403 schools from South. But the total number of seats is yet to be calculated. In all, 20,000 seats are available under the quota in schools across Bangalore.The notification will be displayed on school noticeboards, and accessible to students and parents. \"After schools notify their seats, the BEO shall calculate 25% availability institution-wise and notify the same to the parent-teacher association. This will also be put up in prominent places in all neighbourhoods. We have begun disbursing admission forms that can be collected from the BEO's office,\" education department officials said on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13101731", "title": "Fasal murder: Local CPM leaders to be held", "text": "KOCHI: Local CPM leaders Karayi Rajan and Karayi Chandrasekharan can be arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation for their alleged involvement in the murder of National Development Front activist V K Muhammed Fasal, the high court said on Friday.Hearing an anticipatory bail plea moved by CPM's former district secretariat member Rajan and Thiruvangad local committee secretary Chandrasekharan, Justice P S Gopinathan said that nothing prevented the CBI from arresting them. The leaders had earlier contended that their counter arguments should be heard before CBI proceeded with the arrest.Fasal, a CPM activist, had ditched the party to join NDF. He was hacked to death by motorcycle-borne assailants early morning on October 22, 2006 at Muzhuppilangad near Thalassery while engaged in his work as a newspaper agent.According to CBI, Fasal was killed by CPM as he had shifted allegiance to NDF and because he was trying to attract young CPM members to the NDF.In an affidavit submitted by the CBI to the court on Friday, the agency stated that Rajan and Chandrasekharan were the principal conspirators in the case and that the previous LDF government had opposed the high court's order for a CBI enquiry at the Supreme Court as it feared that the involvement of local CPM leaders in the murder would be exposed.The affidavit also ruled out involvement of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) in the murder, stating that the allegation levelled by Rajan and Chandrasekharan that RSS was involved was untrue.Investigation revealed that Rajan, who was the area committee secretary, and Chandrasekharan, who was the local committee secretary, had hatched a deep-seated criminal conspiracy to murder Fasal on account of political animosity, the affidavit said.The affidavit filed by CBI's counsel P Chandrasekharan Pillai stated that the LDF government had filed appeals in apex court \"on the apprehension that involvement of actual culprits, the petitioners, would be brought to light,\" the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13103781", "title": "Hearing in Shahi's bail plea adjourned", "text": "KANPUR: The specially constituted SC/ST court adjourned the hearing in the bail application of DSP Amarjeet Shahi on Friday as the arguments could not be concluded. The judge fixed May 15 as the next date for hearing.DSP Shahi had been arrested under the charges of sexual exploitation of the daughter of an IAF flight instructor.The defence started the arguments and before it could be over, the prosecution urged the court to summon the bed head ticket (BHT) of victim who was admitted for treatment at UHM Hospital. The victim had consumed poison to commit suicide and was treated at the hospital.The lunch time came and with the consent of the two counsels, the court adjourned the hearing till May 15.Shahi's wife Manjeet Kaur had filed a written submission before the court two days earlier, expressing apprehension of ill behavior with her in court campus.She had submitted a twenty-point affidavit on previous date and urged that at the age of 57, her husband Amarjeet Shahi was unable for physical relationship.The court had adjourned the hearing on Shahi's bail application earlier when both counsels had urged before the court to summon the statement recorded under Section 164 CrPC. Since victim had recorded two statements, the defence was asking for first statement while prosecution insisted for second.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13104027", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation recalls vaccine batch after baby dies", "text": "MUMBAI: Civic officials are scrambling for answers after three-month-old Megha Devkari died on Thursday, hours after she was administered an oral polio vaccine and two injections for Hepatitis-B and DTP. The BMC conducted a health check on the eight children who, along with Megha , had been vaccinated from the same vial on Wednesday. Though all were found to be healthy, BMC has stopped usage of the batch. \"The vaccines had a particular batch number. Nearly 95,000 people have been administered the DPT vaccine and 169 doses of oral polio have been given to people over the last few months. No complications have been reported,\" said Dr Arun Bamne, BMC joint executive health officer.Samples of the vaccines will be sent to pathology lab in Kasauli. Dr Nitin Shah, former president of Indian Academy of Paediatrics, said that while it is possible for a body to experience adverse effects after vaccination, Megha's death cannot be linked to the vaccines without proper investigation. \"It may also be possible that the child was suffering from some complication and the fever triggered by the vaccine (which is normal) aggravated the condition.\"Dr Hemant Thacker, who consults in Jaslok Hospital, said: \"In rare cases, a vaccine microbe may cause the same disease against which it was sent to prepare the body. But it takes nearly a week for the body to get the disease.\" Megha died on Thursday, 10 hours after she was vaccinated.A vaccine may also cause an uncontrolled allergic reaction . \"Vaccine components include chicken embryo, sheep cells, or monkey blood cultures. In vaccines like that of Hepatitis- B, the component is human recombinant DNA, which is the only one that does not cause reaction,\" he said.What Is A VaccineA vaccine is a 'biological preparation' created to improve a person's immunity to a particular disease. It contains an agent that resembles the disease-causing microorganism, and is often made from weakened or killed forms of the microbeRisk Factor |In rare instances, it is possible for the 'weakened microbe' to develop into a more virulent form either once it is administered into patient's body or even before. If the microbes get activated, the disease may manifest in the patient. The time period is usually more than a week. Threemonth old Megha Devkari died on Thursday within ten hours of being administered the vaccineHow It WorksThe vaccine lates the body's immune system to recognize the agent as a foreign, body destroy it, and 'remember' it.At a later stage, the body recognizes the protein coat on the virus, and is prepared to respond by neutralizing it before it can enter cells. It recognizes and destroys infected cells", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13104301", "title": "Zersenay Tadese, Dibaba head field", "text": "BANGALORE: Eritrean Zersenay Tadese's 2008 course record of 27 minutes and 51 seconds will face a still challenge when elite athletes, led by Kenyan sensation Dennis Koech Kimetto gear up for the Tata Consultancy Services World 10K Run in Bangalore on May 27.The strong field of international athletes will be a mixture of World, Commonwealth and Olympic medallists -- including previous podium finishers -- and a bunch of promising new talent from East Africa led by Kimetto.The Kenyan burst into the spotlight in February this year, when he upstaged experienced athletes, including mentor and training partner Geoffrey Mutai, winning the Ras-al-Khaima 21-km Half Marathon in a time of 59:14 mins.He followed this up with a strong sub-60 minute performance when winning the Berlin Half Marathon and then just last weekend beat the 25-km world record, again in Berlin, clocking 1 hour, 11 minutes to take a clear 32 seconds off the previous best.He, however, will face former winner Deriba Merga of Ethiopia who revels in Indian conditions, and compatriot Dino Sefir who earlier in the year ran a blistering 2:04 when finishing second in the 42-km Dubai Marathon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13103026", "title": "Experts shoot down 'crack' on Sidi jali", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The commotion over a visible crack on the iconic Sidi Sayed stone mesh has turned out to be a damp squib. Experts who examined the crack have termed it a 'sign of wear' which has been on the screen for the past 45 years. The Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) examined the stone screens on Thursday.ASI officials are tightlipped over the issue and have chosen to refrain from commenting on the development. \"The screen is 450 years old. Its constant exposure to rainwater, varying moisture levels in the environment and heat over the years has caused the wear. It is not the time to intervene as it may cause damage to the structure. We had reported this minor crack a few decades ago,\" said an expert who had examined the screen.The 16th century Sidi Sayed mosque is well known for the splendid stone mesh or 'jali' in its 10 semicircular windows. The 'Tree of Life' that the carving is known as, traces a palm tree with the image of Mecca just above. Built in 1572 AD, the mosque was established by Sidi Syed, a learned African origin slave of Sultan Ahmad Shah. This monument has gained worldwide recognition - the 'jali' is also the official symbol of the prestigious Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad. The 'jali' screen windows represent the Indo-Islamic styling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13103235", "title": "2 Air India men in cop net for insulting judges, flag", "text": "MUMBAI: Two Air India employees, who allegedly dishonored the Tricolour and uploaded abusive language against two leaders and Supreme Court judges on social networking sites, were arrested by the Mumbai police's cyber crime cell on Friday.K V Jaganath Rao (50) and Mayank Mohan Sharma (35) were booked for defamation, outraging the modesty of women , insult to the national flag and under the Information Technology Act of 2005. They were remanded in police custody till May 23. Jaganath Rao is general secretary and Sharma is vice-president of the Air Indian Cabin Crew Association.The lawyers of the accused said the complaint was a year-old and politically motivated by rivalry in the employees' union. A dispute is on for years over selection of the association's president and a few members have filed civil suits in the Bombay high court.Police said the complainant was another A-I employee who was receiving threatening emails and calls from unknown persons. The complainant said he was receiving calls about abusive language against the Union leaders and a senior politician, uploaded on the internet. \"The messages were uploaded on social networking sites like Orkut and Facebook and the language was very offensive. The accused passed derogatory remarks on SC judges and their style of functioning,\" said a cop. Some messages said the politicians should be shot dead or blown up by bombs. Pictures of the Tricolour were also uploaded, in which the Ashok Chakra was replaced by a thumb in an offensive gesture. The police traced the messages' origin to Rao and Sharma, residents of Thane and Koparkhairane.Cops said they have recovered Rao's laptop and Sharma's personal computer from where the content was uploaded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13104342", "title": "Predicting monsoon correctly key to nation's economy, says Sunita Narain", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Director general of the Centre for Science and Environment Sunita Narain has said that the economy would have a drastic impact if we could not predict our monsoons. \"We are now facing more difficulty in predicting the monsoons. In fact our finance minister is not Pranab Mukherjee but it is the monsoon,\" said Sunita while delivering her inaugural speech at the 49th state conference of the Kerala Sasthra Sahitya Parishath (KSSP) here on Friday.She said that even a city like Thiruvananthapuram is not free from air pollution since there has been a steady increase in the number of vehicles hitting the road. Even though there is a major concern of environmental pollution in different segments of the society, no notable solutions has been found for it till now.\"While Delhi has the second highest per capita income in our country, only 13% commutes to work by cars and the city is designed for cars. A city like Delhi should think of reinventing mobility itself. The people ought to think of eco-friendly mode of transport rather than spending lavishly on cars for status symbol,\" she said.She also talked about the shoddy underground sewage system in moszt cities of Kerala and also in other states. The sewage treatment plants too do not work properly. \"Reinvention of a flush toilet that takes human waste and makes it into a resource in a hygienic way is a necessity in this context,\" she said.She pointed out that the challenge we face is the path we take towards solving such problems. \"We keep finding cosmetic solutions to grave problems,\" she said. The KSSP plays a vital role in confronting these challenges, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "13103038", "title": "Student alleges beating by principal for dancing in bus", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A class X student of Dehradun Public School in Ghaziabad has claimed that he sustained injuries after the principal allegedly thrashed him for dancing in the school bus. However, the principal has denied the charge and instead accused the student for creating nuisance in the school bus. The principal, Risha Sood, added that when she instructed the students not to create nuisance, not only did they start misbehaving but even their guardians joined in and passed lewd comments at her.Following the complaint of the student's guardian, the SSP has already ordered a probe into the matter while a parallel investigation has been initiated by the city magistrate after the principal lodged a complaint with him.The incident took place on Friday morning when the bus reached the school. Pramod Tyagi, father of the student Ankit who sustained injuries, said that the bus driver played a song and the students started dancing inside the bus. \"The bus driver told the students that he would complain to the principal. After the complaint, the principal beat up my son resulting in injuries,\" Tyagi alleged.When the student's parents came to know about the incident, they reached the school and allegedly misbehaved with the principal. Richa Sood has also alleged that the students even tore the school bus seats. \"When they were stopped by the driver, they thrashed him and tore his clothes. Instead of trying to understand the matter, the guardians created a ruckus and also passed lewd comments,\" Sood said. The school administration soon called the district magistrate who instructed the city magistrate to and probe the matter.The student's family approached the Ghaziabad SSP who ordered the Kavi Nagar police to investigate the case. City magistrate Karmender Singh said, \"We have asked both the parties to file a complaint with the Kavi Nagar police station. Action will be taken after the police probe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13104419", "title": "Tired at workplace, piling on pounds? Blame \u2018social jetlag\u2019", "text": "LONDON: Feeling tired and often spotted snoozing at your desk? Also piling on the pounds? You may have \"social jetlag\", say German researchers. Social jetlag - a syndrome related to the mismatch between the body's internal clock and the realities of our daily schedules - does more than make people sleepy and also make them obese, according to a team at University of Munich.\"We have identified a syndrome in modern society that has not been recognized until recently. It concerns an increasing discrepancy between the daily timing of the physiological clock and the social clock. As a result of this social jetlag, people are chronically sleep-deprived. They are also more likely to smoke and drink more alcohol and caffeine. Now, we show that social jetlag also contributes to obesity; the plot that social jetlag is really bad for our health is thickening.\"\"Each of us has a biological clock. We can't set those clocks according to our whims like watches. They are rather entrained by daylight and night-darkness to provide optimal window for sleep and waking. In modern society, we listen to those clocks 'less and less due to the increasing discrepancy between what the body clock tells us and what the boss tells us,'\" said team leader Till Roenneberg.To find out how big this problem really is, Roenneberg's team is compiling a vast database on human sleeping and waking behaviour, which they will eventually use to produce a world sleep map, the 'ScienceDaily' reported. Now 10 years into the effort, they already have lots of information, including participants' height, weight, and sleep patterns. Their analysis shows that people with more severe social jetlag are also more likely to be overweight. In other words, it appears that living \"against the clock\" may be a factor contributing to the epidemic of obesity, the researchers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13102727", "title": "Bombay high court refers Welukar case to new bench", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Friday referred to another division bench the Rajan Welukar issue. Soon after Welukar became Mumbai University's vice-chancellor, his appointment was challenged in the HC on the grounds that he did not possess essential qualifications.On August 10, 2011, a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Girish Godbole had given a split verdict on the petition. While Justice Shah said that Welukar fulfilled all qualifications, Justice Godbole said a fresh search committee needed to be constituted to look into whether five of his research publications were peer-reviewed.The matter was referred to a single judge bench-of Justice S J Vazifdar. In his order-issued on February 22, 2012-Justice Vazifdar expressed his inability to take a decision, and seeking the response of the search committee, remanded the matter to the Shah-Godbole division bench.But advocate general Darius Khambata said the matter should be referred back to Justice Vazifdar after the search committee's response. Khambata said Justice Vazifdar-acting as third judge-had to agree with either of the judges and could not take a decision of his own. Justice Shah said the major part of Justice Vazifdar's order agreed with Justice Godbole's view.Advocate Pankaj Kowli, appearing for one of the three petitioners, submitted that Justice Vazifdar had concluded that the search committee \"did not show application of mind\". He said that allowing the committee to come up with an explanation would give them an opportunity to rectify their mistakes. \"The same record was made available to Justice Vazifdar. Therefore, it is not justified to call for any other explanation.\"The Shah-Godbole bench then directed the matter to be placed before another division bench for a majority view to prevail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13103652", "title": "Woman found dead at Merces", "text": "PANAJI: A highly decomposed, naked body of a woman was found in a marshy land at the Merces bypass.\"The body is highly decomposed. We suspect that it is the body of a woman,\" said DySP Umesh Gaonkar. The person's death is suspected to have taken place 10 to 12 days ago. Police suspect foul play as the woman was naked and her clothes were lying adjacent to the body. \"There was a black colour skirt, T-shirt and a woman's slipper lying adjacent to the body. There was also a wallet lying near the body in which there was a SIM card, a 500 note and a visiting card,\" said police. There was also a bangle found on the body, which the police suspect was of gold.Old Goa police has sent the body for an autopsy to the Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim. The body was found in a marshy land by two boys who had gone fishing. \"During high tide, water enters the marshy land and people catch fish there,\" added police. There are also two or three vacant huts near to where the body was found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "13102477", "title": "Anticipatory bail plea rejected, but criminals roam free in Akola", "text": "AKOLA: People are questioning the sincerity of the cops in this city, since even hardened and notorious criminals are not being arrested despite their anticipatory bail pleas being rejected by the sessions or high court. Interestingly, the same cops have opposed the bail pleas in court.One such case is of Ganesh Mehre, a known criminal, who has not yet been arrested since two months despite the high court bench at Nagpur rejecting his anticipatory bail plea. He has apparently misled the police that he has appealed the rejection of bail in the Supreme Court and the matter is pending.Ganesh Mehre has been accused of attempting to murder one Mangesh Deshpande, a resident of Dabki Road, who is a railway employee. Deshpande was badly beaten up on November 17, 2011, early in the morning when he was going to Bhusawal for duty as per his routine.An offence of attempt to murder under section 307 and 325 of Indian Penal Code read with section 34 were registered against Mehre. The motive behind the attack was that Mehre had purchased a house from Vasant Deshpande, Mangesh Deshpande's father, and Mangesh had filed a civil suit against his father which is pending.The local sessions court had granted anticipatory bail to accused Ganesh Mehre, despite the serious nature of offences registered against him. In fact, Mehre also faces several other charges, including murder cases, but the police appear reluctant to arrest him on one or the other pretext.In Mehre's case, complainant Mangesh Deshpande approached the high court for cancellation of anticipatory bail of the accused. A single judge bench of cancelled the anticipatory bail of Mehre and also refused to suspend operation of this order to facilitate an appeal in the SC. Moreover, the judge also directed that a copy of his order be circulated to all sessions courts in Maharashtra for their information.Justice Ashok Bhangale observed while passing the order that the sessions judge at Akola did not consider the objections raised by the investigation officer, who wanted custody to interrogate the persons named in the FIR.\"Additional sessions judge appears to have been swayed by previous 'B' summary report by the police in a past criminal case, but failed to note that previous enmity between the parties can be a double-edged weapon. It may be a reason for the crime as well as grounds for false implication,\" the judge observed. He said that sound judicial discretion has to be exercised by the lower judge while granting anticipatory bail.In an earlier case, Nakir Khan, corporator of Samajwadi Party (SP) at Akola Municipal Corporation, was denied anticipatory bail in a gang-war case by a sessions court a month ago. However, even he has not been arrested yet by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13108860", "title": "Music has now taken me seriously: Rajnigandha", "text": "She has been managing celebrities for quite sometime now, though little did people know until recently that Rajnigandha Shekhawat, is also a talented singer. One being asked about her inclination to music, Rajnigandha says, \"I took up music seriously 10 years back but it is only now that music has taken me seriously.\" Things started looking positive for Rajnigandha only for the last few years.When talking about the biggest support for her music, she says, \"My bank balance has been the biggest support of my music.\" She adds, \"We grew up listening to stories of great actors and musicians living off footpaths till they get discovered, which I think is a handful. Struggling is a lot more fun when you are financially fit. My original music is wholly supported by the money I make singing covers of Shamshad Begum and Noor Jahan. My business strategy has always been very clear. I invest in music, what I make via music.\"While Rajnigandha has essentially a folk singer because folk singing came to her 'naturally', it was post a jingle with music composer Amit Trivedi that Rajnigandha discovered herself in a different light. She says, \"I was scared to try it as I had never tried anything like this before, it was something completely mad. I am more of a classical singer but Amit broke that for me, he just asked me to have fun with the song and it actually went on to become a rage.\" The jingle in question is the 'Naughty bubble' jingle of Fanta which went on to become quite popular.The singer had recorded a few songs for a film of Himesh Reshammiya but the film got shelved. \"I had thought that it would be my big Bollywod debut but it didn't work out. Its really dicey in Bollywood, till you see your name printed in the CD, you can't talk about it, says Rajnigandha and adds, \"I want to be a part of mainstream Bollywood apart from continuing with my niche work. Our industry is driven by Bollywood, and why not, the most entertaining music comes out of here.\"Rajnigandha also has a piece of advice for the wannabe singers, she says, \"If you are the adventurous sorts who decides not to wait for the golden opportunity of a Bollywood debut and do your own thing, you need to be prepared to face competition that is un imaginable to a person who sets out from a small town with a demo cassette.\" She adds, \"But some of us still do what I feel is guerilla warfare music. You try to find that one little niche, a tiny little window, you hit hard at the right moment and you retreat and wait to see if there has been any dent in the market with your attack!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13103463", "title": "MoD officials booked in Srinagar land scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has registered a case against defence ministry officials, including defence estates officer Ajay Chowdhary, in the Srinagar land scam in which no-objection certificates (NoCs) were issued to civilians granting them land.The agency on Friday conducted raids at several places in Delhi, Jammu, Srinagar, Patna and Ambala and recovered documents related to the land, which originally belonged to the MoD. The CBI alleged that around 12 acres of prime land near Srinagar airport was given to civilians on the issuance of NoCs.The officials named also include then SDO Vijay Kumar and others under the Prevention of Corruption Act and for criminal conspiracy. \"It is alleged that a huge area of MoD land near a sensitive zone in Srinagar was suspected to have been taken by civilians in connivance with officials of Jammu &amp; Kashmir's revenue department and Directorate General of Defence Estates (DGDE), Srinagar. There was no provision to issue NoC by the office of DGDE for the purpose of sale/purchase of defence owned or occupied land,\" said CBI.The agency had registered a preliminary enquiry into the matter last year during which it claimed to have found evidence that NoCs were granted to civilians for this prime and strategic piece of land arbitrarily. The agency had also conducted enquiry into the records of the DGDEs and the local revenue, following a request from MoD to probe the sanction of NoC for sale of this land in Kashmir Valley.Defence minister A K Antony had last year informed Parliament that on receipt of complaint, a PE found that more than 70 NoCs were issued by the department in Srinagar over last four years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13103711", "title": "Tree falls on house; no casualty", "text": "MYSORE: Anand and his family had a miraculous escape when a roadside banyan tree fell on their house on JLB Road near RTO Circle here in the wee hours of Friday. The corporation authorities had recently trimmed the roots of the tree, much to the opposition by the family.The owner of the house had written a letter to the forest authorities, requesting them to remove the tree, but to no avail. On Friday morning, the tree got uprooted and fell right in the middle of the house located opposite Hardwick School.Anand said his father, sensing danger by the \"inclined tree\", had requested the forest officials to remove it. \"They didn't bother, after which we approached the corporation authorities,\" he added.A few weeks ago, the corporation authorities trimmed its roots for sewage purpose. \"This weakened the tree, and it fell at 3.30am on Friday,\" Anand said. According to forest officials, the tree is over 100 years old.Due to the tree fall, the front portion of the house and the compound are severely damaged. Also, there are cracks all over the house, Anand said, adding: \"We will take the help of a civil engineer or a contractor to get an estimate (for repair). Later we approach the corporation for compensation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13102468", "title": "Squad removes slab outside ex-cabinet secretary's house", "text": "LUCKNOW: A slab over a drain outside the house of former cabinet secretary, Shashank Shekhar Singh, in Vipul Khand was removed and broken by an anti-encroachment squad of Lucknow Municipal Corporation on Friday.The house, which is still under construction, will be occupied by Singh after he vacates his official residence in Raj Bhawan colony. Reacting to the development, urban development minister Azam Khan said that the slab built over the drain had to be removed as it was obstructing the flow of water and its cleaning.Khan said that there was no motive behind the action. He said that similar action had been taken elsewhere also to facilitate the movement of common public without caring for the status and influence of the people occupying the houses nearby. \"It sends a strong message to common people that they should remove encroachments on their own,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "13102358", "title": "Suspended CEO's home raided", "text": "AMBALA: A CBI team on Friday raided the residence of suspended CEO of Ambala Cantonment Board Ajay Choudhary in connection with the Jammu and Kashmir multi-crore land scam.The CBI team comprising officials from Delhi and Chandigarh reached the bungalow of Ajay Choudhary at Staff road this morning.Later, the CBI took Choudhary in a vehicle but it was not immediately known whether he was detained for questioning or had been arrested.Choudhary, whose name had figured in the land scam during his stint as Defence Estate Officer in Srinagar, was suspended for his alleged involvement in the scam in which costly land was disposed of to some private party in violation of rules.Following public outcry, Defence Minister A K Antony had ordered a CBI probe. The agency had registered a case in this regard and named Choudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13103777", "title": "NGO official booked on assault charge", "text": "MYSORE: A key official in a city-based NGO involved with the welfare of sex workers and women in distress is alleged to have attacked a woman at Kogilwadi village located on the fringes of forests in Periyapatna taluk.Periyapatna police have booked a case against the accused, ML Parshuram, one of the two directors of Odanaadi, an NGO working with sex workers in the city for the last 18 years, and eight others under sections 143, 323 (voluntarily causing hurt), 504 and 506 of the IPC. According to police, one Padmavathi who has been admitted to Periyapatna hospital accused Parshuram and his men of assaulting her and trying to evict her from the 2.5 acres of land owned by her.Padmavathi told TOI from the hospital bed that Parshuram claimed that he had purchased 4.5 acres of land from her husband's brother four years ago and got records to prove it. But the land he bought does not encompass her land, she said, alleging that Parshuram was trying to grab her land claiming it was part of his land.Padmavathi said her land is a darkasth (government) land granted to her family. ``Legally we are not entitled to sell the land,\" she said. \"I and my family members are being harassed by Parshuram and his men for the last two years but the authorities have failed to take cognizance of my complaints as he wields influence,'' she charged, adding that this time she has even complained to the deputy commissioner on the issue.Sub-inspector GJ Satish said villagers claimed that it was a darkasth land allotted to this family a couple of years ago.\"People who have been allotted darkasth land are not entitled to sell it before 15 years of its allotment,\" Satish said, adding that he is yet to verify the records.Satish said a lady's house was located on the land and even if Parushram had purchased the land, he cannot evict her without a court order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13101854", "title": "Calicut University teachers ask governor to remove vice-chancellor, nominated syndicate", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Association of Calicut University Teachers (ACT), the largest body of teachers in the university, has urged the university chancellor, Governor H R Bhardwaj, to take immediate steps to remove the vice-chancellor and the nominated syndicate to save the university from its current \"utterly disastrous\" situation.The association claims it has a membership of 120 teachers. The total number of teaching staff in the varsity is 161.The ACT memorandum says the university, which received the highest score of 2.94 among state's universities in the last round of assessment by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC), was being dragged into a mire of irregularities and terrible disrepute in the last eight months.\"The corrupt and nefarious actions of Vice Chancellor M Abdul Salam and the Syndicate are responsible for the current situation. The vice-chancellor has instituted an utterly autocratic and arbitrary regime on the campus, prohibiting all democratic rights of discussion, debate or protest,\" it said. The memorandum says the vice-chancellor has undermined the structure of shared governance that is vital for the proper functioning of any varsity. He has also destroyed the culture of academic freedom and democratic debate essential for the sustenance of any meaningful academic institution, it further says.\"There is a dismal atmosphere of discontent and bitterness among all faculties and other employees, and the university is in a state of utter disarray,\" the memorandum says. Listing the corrupt practices, the memorandum says that in an unprecedented move, the syndicate at its March 27 meeting sanctioned affiliation to 36 self-financing colleges of which nearly 28 are owned by educational agencies that belong to a particular community. Many of these institutions have no educational credentials and in some instances affiliation has been granted without proper application and inspection as stipulated.The teachers have alleged that there was rampant corruption and nepotism in faculty recruitment, and illegal relaxation of UGC norms and regulations.The memorandum also states that the university's submissions for the UGC 12th plan had been formulated without consulting the academic bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kolar", "code": "13103769", "title": "Water from toilet, school door for firewood cooks this mid-day meal", "text": "KOLAR: In a school just 70 km from Bangalore, children's midday meal is cooked with water collected from a toilet! If that is shocking, here is worse: left with no cooking gas, cooks have chopped off a school's door to serve as firewood.On Thursday, cooks at the Higher Primary School at Sundarapalya in Bangarpet taluk, Kolar district, ran out of gas. As they searched for the reserve cylinder, they were informed it had been taken away by a teacher.As lunch hour approached, the cooks in desperation chopped off a portion of the door and used it as firewood to prepare the meal.C S Siddaraju, nodal officer of midday meals in Bangarpet taluk, says the cooks had no choice. \"They could not explain the problem to the children. The firewood available on the school premises was soaked during heavy rain the previous day. So they went for wood from the door. I will send a report to higher-ups to act against the teacher who took the second cylinder home.\"The education department seems to be in a slumber despite repeated raps from the high court. It continues to ignore basic school infrastructure. Kolar zilla panchayat vice-president DV Harish, who visited Marata Hosahalli village near Budhikote in Bangarpet taluk on Tuesday, was shocked to see a student filling her water bottle from a toilet.The school has just one tap: the one in the Indian-style toilet. Water for cooking and drinking is collected from the toilet.Ironically, water filters supplied to all schools in Kolar district at a cost of Rs 1 crore remain unpacked.Harish told TOI that there are many discrepancies in the school administration. Though the register shows 85 children, only 10 children actually have the midday meal. \"I have warned the school authorities, and shall ask them to maintain a proper register,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102410", "title": "83-year-old woman robbed in Rajouri Garden", "text": "NEW DELHI: An 83-year-old woman was robbed of Rs 50,000 at Rajouri Garden in west Delhi. The incident took place on Thursday.According to police, the senior citizen was sleeping in her room when the two accused threatened her at knifepoint and decamped with her jewellery and cash. A case of burglary has been registered. According to sources, a transporter identified as Mahesh Gujral and a resident of J Block, Rajouri Garden was sleeping in his room when two burglars broke into his house and locked him from outside.The accused then locked Gujral's son inside his bedroom. Mahesh's mother Rajkumari was also sleeping in a separate room. The accused started taking off her gold earrings, bangles and chain when she woke up and tried to fending off the accused.It was then that that the accused allegedly beat up the old woman, dragged her to the store room and decamped with the valuables and Rs 50,000 in cash. The family claims that Rajkumari managed to drag herself to her son's room, unlock it andtell him what transpired at her room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13103403", "title": "Tamil Nadu legislators clamour for free IPL tickets", "text": "CHENNAI: The IPL cricket fever has caught up with Tamil Nadu MLAs as well. With demand far exceeding availability of complimentary tickets, disappointed legislators, especially those from the opposition parties, have been queuing up before the assembly Speaker in the hope of wrangling a ticket or two. The growing demand for IPL tickets among MLAs finally prompted the state government to arrange a meeting between IPL representatives and Speaker D Jayakumar.With the cricket board allotting fewer complimentary tickets this time, the MLAs, particularly those from rural areas, are upset about not getting the free passes for matches featuring Team Chennai played at the M A Chidambaram Stadium. But unlike angry Karnataka government officials, who kicked up a row demanding higher quota of tickets, the legislators in Tamil Nadu have taken it in their stride.\"I have been requesting the Speaker and the assembly secretary for IPL tickets for the past one week. Though they did not refuse outright, so far they have not given me any ticket,\" Gummudipoondi MLA C H Sekar said. He said his colleagues, especially those from the districts, were keen to catch a glimpse of their cricket heroes. With the budget session a prolonged one, most of the legislators from the southern district are crammed into their rooms in the MLA hostel along with family members.Some MLAs were lucky to grab some complimentary tickets with the help of friends in high places and watched the match in Chennai. \"I was lucky. I got tickets for myself and my family and watched a match,\" said Aruppukottai MLA Vaigaichelvan. But not everyone was as lucky. \"My son is pressing me to take him to watch an IPL match. I could buy him a Team Chennai t-shirt, which he wanted, but I could not get him a ticket for a match,\" rued an AIADMK MLA, seeking anonymity. He was nervous about asking tickets from his senior colleagues fearing the matter would reach the ears of party supremo J Jayalalithaa.Official sources said this time the government was given fewer complementary IPL tickets compared to the last season. \"Only ministers were given tickets and that too just a few,\" sources added.And few are willing to spend money to purchase tickets. \"We did not have an opportunity to watch IPL matches during last year's budget session. This year the whole budget session coincides with this IPL season,\" said PMK MLA Ganesh Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13107632", "title": "Mahesh Babu, Boyapati Movie Doubtful", "text": "Heard this? The widely-anticipated combo film of Mahesh Babu and Boyapati Seenu might take a U turn! Sources close to the production deck say that Mahesh Babu is not evincing any interest in Boyapati's script and is intentionally postponing the story sittings of the movie. Reason? Well, Boyapati Seenu's recent directorial venture 'Dammu' did not fare well at the box office.And rumor has it that the actor is apprehensive about the script and screenplay. The super star, who is riding high on the success of his back-to-back hits \"Dookudu\" and \"Businessman\", is now in a fix 'cos even though he okayed his subject line of the project sometime back, he is not sure anymore whether it would be wise to team up with Boyapati or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13102097", "title": "Bihar needs no special status: Bansal", "text": "PATNA: Union minister for water resources and parliamentary affairs, Pawan Kumar Bansal , on Friday said Bihar was not among the states which needed special category status.Talking to newsmen at Sadaqat Ashram here on Friday, Bansal said under a federal structure, every state has the responsibility to utilize its own resources properly. The fund at the disposal of the Centre belongs to all the states and the Centre might refuse to grant special status to a state not needing it. Bansal was replying to a query that why the Centre rejected Bihar's demand for special status.When he was pointed out the case of Bundelkhand region getting special status, Bansal said, \"You can go there and see their need. AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi had recommended special status to the region in view of the pressing demand for it by the people of Bundelkhand.\"Bansal said he, along with CM Nitish Kumar , would have an aerial survey of the river Ganga, from Patna up to Farakka bund, on Saturday, to assess the problem arising due to siltation. The minister said he would also look into the problem of flood and water management in the Kosi region where previous flood had caused siltation. He said that dredging of silt brought by floods was very difficult. Hydrological studies and related planning would be necessary to find a way out.Bansal said he would try to expedite the appraisal of irrigation and flood management projects of the state. He said a single window clearance centre was functioning in his ministry to clear the proposals of irrigation projects of the states. When one scheme is completed in scheduled time, another one is taken up, he said.Bansal said he has been asked by the prime minister and AICC president to visit different states to look into their problems related to irrigation projects and flood management. Stating that the Centre wanted to increase the irrigation potential, Bansal said that irrigation facility was available to 110 million hectares of land in the country, out of the total irrigation potential of 140 million hectares. He expressed concern over delay by different states in taking decision regarding sharing of river waters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13103674", "title": "Locals fear covert concretisation as government sleeps on Regional Plan, private forests", "text": "PANAJI: Delays in identifying private forests and finalizing Regional Plan 2021 are leading to irreversible losses of eco-sensitive zones, earmarked for protection in the plan, as development is spreading unhindered into newer green areas, say sources.Picture postcard views, with churches and temples, perched on hill slopes, and green landscapes are slowly being replaced with vistas of concrete buildings amidst reduced tree cover.In Siolim, a verdant range of hills, stretching on either side of the village, appears to be threatened, as residential complexes are encroaching into sloppy forest areas. A few villagers are agitating against several projects being taken up in forest land and on steep gradients. \"These are very pristine forests, covered by dense vegetation, and should be included for protection as private forests,\" says Anthony D'Souza, a resident of Vaddy.Though a Google map shows large areas of forests, these are not yet demarcated as private forests. The two committees constituted by the government on the basis of an order from the high court have not completed the exercise of surveying Goa's forest areas. \"The forest department should issue approvals (NOCs) only after proper verification,\" says Sabina Martins, convener, Goa Bachao Abhiyan (GBA).The delay in finalizing RP 2021 too is opening up more areas for development. Over 3,000 applications have poured in after RP 2021 was fully notified and opened for corrections in December 2011. \"Around 90% of these applications are for conversions,\" says Martins. In Siolim, the thick cover of tropical species of trees on the hillside beyond rows of buildings, is being hacked and cleared clandestinely to extend areas for development.In one case, residents of Vaddy petitioned the town and country planning department and complained to the police about the breaking of stone hedges to open new areas for construction.\"Timely action by the police has stopped the further destruction of the hill,\" says Joseph Noronha, another local resident. While the builders have claimed they possess the legal documents, villagers have noticed several discrepancies between the dimensions of the plan and the site measurements.Approvals are being obtained based on falsified documents, showing road widths of 7m though the existing width is only 3m. The Vaddy hillside is under siege as development is clandestinely spreading behind an existing line of buildings, villagers alleged.\"Our rich forest areas are being destroyed and more are in danger and the haphazard development poses a threat of erosion and landslides,\" says Noronha, an activist from Siolim.In one case, an area of 1,750 sq m under survey No. 307 of Vaddy has been allowed by the revenue department to be converted for non-agricultural purposes. But D'Souza points out that the area is a terraced hill slope. \"It has steep slopes and dense vegetation,\" he says. Interestingly, the survey number is under 'no development zone' in RP 2021.In yet another case, the development of a plot of land admeasuring 2,575 sq m under survey No. 306/9 in Vaddy has also been permitted. The forest department has informed the revenue department that the area is not a government forest. \"It does not form part of any compartment of North Goa division working plan nor does it figure in the list of survey numbers identified as private forests and the Forest (Conservation) Act 1980 is not applicable to the above area,\" the official stated.But the villagers alleged that the area consists of dense forest vegetation and steep slopes. \"We wrote to the forest department to include this area and other patches of forests in private forests, but our pleas have fallen on deaf ears,\" says Noronha. More projects are being taken up along the hillside in Vaddy.Activists allege the scenario is similar across the state. In Curca, development activity on the steep hill slope below the centuries-old Our lady of Rosary Church stirred parishioners to raise protests. \"The area is shown as settlement in RP 2021. We protested and the correction has to be done, but developers are taking advantage of the situation,\" says villager A Cardozo.TCP chief town planner, S Puttaraju says the Curca project has been halted. On the implications of a delayed RP 2021, he says issuance of approvals for constructions have been stopped since March 20. \"There is no question of new projects coming up as all approvals are frozen at the moment,\" he told TOI.The state committees appointed on the basis of the high court directive to identify private forests have stated that their work has been affected by lack of surveyors to verify the forest cover on the ground, though they have included the survey numbers of potential areas. \"We have identified some areas in Siolim and other places,\" a source says.But activists say the government machinery is ineffective against illegal activities. \"The flying squads should be alert and enforce the law,\" Martins signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "13107920", "title": "Arunachal-Assam boundary dispute to be resolved soon: Chidambaram", "text": "ITANAGAR: The decades-old boundary dispute between Arunachal Pradesh and Assam would be soon resolved \"amicably\" with the Supreme Court-constituted boundary commission working out the modalities, Union home minister P Chidambaram said here on Saturday.\"The one-man committee headed by Justice Tarun Chatterjee is looking after the issue and he is scheduled to convene a meeting of the chief ministers of both the states in June,\" he told a press conference here.The Centre had last year sanctioned Rs 154 crore to Arunachal Pradesh for development of areas along the inter- state boundary.\"This year Rs 92 crore was sanctioned,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102458", "title": "No planes, flyers stranded", "text": "NEW DELHI: At 7pm on Thursday, Sajjad Khan was to take an Air India flight from Riyadh to Mumbai from where he was scheduled to catch a morning flight to Kolkata. His flight finally took off 12 hours later and it landed him in Delhi where even till late Friday evening, airline officials were talking about sending him and several others to Mumbai from where they would be put on connecting flights to the final destination.\"Since we are already in Delhi, we have been asking to be sent directly from here instead of being routed through Mumbai. That will mean a waste of another day for us since there is still no flight to Mumbai, and from there as well there is no promise of a confirmed seat immediately,\" said Khan. He added that had his flights been on schedule, he would have been in Kolkata by 8am on Friday from where he was booked to travel by train to Jharkhand - his hometown. \"My AC ticket has also been wasted now. The airline is absolutely clueless about the state of affairs,\" he added.Mohammad Noor, another passenger on the same flight, was headed for Mehsana in Gujarat and was also refused a seat on the Ahmedabad flight. \"They are insisting on sending us to Mumbai. We reached the Riyadh Airport at around 3pm their local time on Thursday and have been at the airport or in the aircraft since then - which is almost 30 hours now. During all this time they only gave us breakfast in the flight. Even now they have no idea how they will take us to Mumbai,\" said Noor.On Friday, Air India cancelled 16 flights on the Delhi sector and rescheduled another three flights. By Friday evening, the airline had announced a further cancellation of four flights for Saturday. \"We are making all possible arrangements for passengers but whether or not a flight operates depends on the pilots,\" said a senior official.The pilots' strike is causing even more problems for passengers who are already abroad and were scheduled to return to India in the coming few days.\"I came to France with my family for a brief vacation and am scheduled to fly back on May 14. However, Air India has been cancelling its Paris-Delhi flights off late and I am stuck now as I don't know whether to cancel and re-book or to wait. If I re-book, the tickets for four people will be exorbitant. The airline is refusing to give us a clear idea of things and we will soon run out of money to stay on in Paris. Thankfully, our visa is for a month so that won't be a problem,\" said S Satyam, a businessman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13102695", "title": "Jose Ramirez Barreto joins Bhowanipore", "text": "KOLKATA: It is official. Jose Ramirez Barreto's new destination on his Indian sojourn will not be far away from the Mohun Bagan tent. The Brazilian will continue to ply his trade on the Maidan after signing a two-year contract with Bhowanipore Club, it was announced during a press conference at his new club tent on Friday. He will also be the captain of the team which aims to qualify for I-League in a season or two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "13102286", "title": "Shelter owner abandoned 6 girls before raid", "text": "ROHTAK: Police investigation has revealed that owner of a shelter home abandoned six differently-abled girls somewhere in Delhi, 10 hours before National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) raided the premises on Wednesday night. Rohtak SP Vivek Sharma said on Friday shelter home owner Jaswanti Devi and her cousin Satish Kumar tried getting rid of the mentally challenged girls, aged between 15 and 31, and dropped them at isolated places near Bawana-Kanjhawala road, 10km from Nangloi in Delhi. \"She returned to Rohtak around 2am on Wednesday. Satish has been arrested and has confessed to his involvement in the wrongdoings,\" SP said, adding that teams have been sent to Delhi in search of the girls.\"Two women Fatima and Ramavati told investigators that their sons, around six months old, went missing some months ago. Jaswanti said one child was adopted by a couple and another died of a disease. But she has no records which indicate she was hiding something,\" the SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13103057", "title": "High court quashes Anand case against Kuldip Sharma", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat High Court on Friday quashed all criminal proceedings that were initiated against senior IPS officer Kuldip Sharma in an Anand court on the basis of a decade-old complaint by his subordinate officer.Acting on Sharma's plea, Justice J B Pardiwala set aside the case filed by DySP Kirit Brahmbhatt, who claimed that he was illegally arrested and put to harassment at Sharma's behest.Last year, Sharma, through his counsel I H Syed, had moved two petitions after the chief judicial magistrate in Anand began proceedings. Besides seeking dropping of the proceedings, Sharma also challenged the state government's action of belatedly according permission to prosecute him.The officer had raised objection to criminal process on the ground of delay and jurisdiction. He also contended that Brahmbhatt had filed the complaint out of personal vengeance, since the former had put him under suspension. Brahmbhatt's grievance was that Sharma as Ahmedabad range IG had illegally ordered his arrest on October 23, 2001, causing harassment to him and his family members. The order of arrest was in connection with a complaint in which the police had already filed a 'C' summary report and even the court had accepted it.Sharma's contention before the HC was that the magistrate had taken cognizance of the complaint filed in 2002 without the state government's mandatory sanction to prosecute a public servant under section 197 of CrPC. The sanction was given only on March 31, 2010, which could be part of the strategy to harass him by the state government, the lawyer argued before court.After hearing the case, Justice Pardiwala quashed the proceedings observing that no criminal case can be made out against Sharma in this matter. After a long legal battle with the state government, particularly after he was sidelined and his ACRs were downgraded by chief minister Narendra Modi , ADGP Sharma is now on deputation with the Centre. tnnA 26-year-old encounter case was also resurrected by the state government to implicate Sharma, but the high court neutralised government's efforts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13106597", "title": "Ishaqzaade: A remarkable film", "text": "What does one do when love strikes during times of war? And make no mistake. Elections time in a small dusty town of Uttar Pradesh is akin to war. Guns are fired randomly at enemies, real or imagined. Enemies fall to the ground. Morals lie crushed under heels. And finer feelings are buried under a rubble of trouble.Into this town, here named Almora, enters love on silent feet. Well, maybe not so silent. Ishaqzaade is a very noisy film. The hero Parma (debutant Arjun Kapoor) is an uncouth animal whose disgusting habits include kidnapping the town's nautch girl from a rival's party to dance at his grandfather's wedding. Later his moral temperature dips to an all-time low when he takes loathsome revenge on the girl he loves to hate.As the Muslim girl Zoya, Parineeti Chopra fills the screen with a tempestuous charm. Natural spontaneous and vivacious she reminds you of the early Jaya Bhaduri. Her character is a sharp-shooter with a tongue to match. And when she gets brutally compromised by Parma she reacts like a wildcat raging against the promised full-cream milk that curdled when she was not looking.Habib Faizal who made the mellow mild-mannered middleclass comedy Do Dooni Chaar about a college professor's dream of buying a scooter here shows a completely unexpected side to his cinematic vision. The landscape Habib paints in Almora is so volatile and violent, you pray for atonement for these characters.The lovers don't exchange chaste glances and furtive kisses. They embrace passionately and smooch each other's lips off. And when they make love it seems they are waging war on the world. Full-blooded, voluptuous and eminently earthy, Ishaqzaade is a pickled aromatic rollercoaster ride through the badlands where blazing guns mean, families are at one another's throats.The first-half of the narration builds up to an engrossing case for Parmar to inflict his uncouth and aggressive malevolence on Zoya. The confrontation scenes between the two, written with the right amount of zing and sting, are first-rate. Remarkably the adversaries turned-lovers keep drawing attention to each other's religion without mincing words. The two religions are almost thrown at one another as taunts.Riot or wrong, who can tell?What Habib Faizal wants to say-and we would be better if we pay heed-is, it is imperative to address the Hindi-Muslim divide headlong, or else blood would continue to be spilt each time two people from different communities 'dare' to love each other.\"Don't even think of it. An Indo-Pak war will break out,\" the Muslim girl warns the Hindu boy. And then proceeds to break the self-imposed rule with a rush of rebellion and passion that seem to replicate the flow of adrenaline in the virile script.Ishaqzaade is written in blood, dipped in passion, and shot in vivid colours of life, strife and other bitter embers of the communal fire. The director constantly attempts to bring alive the cluttured clamourous milieu of a lawless North Indian town. Faizal succeeds to a remarkable degree. His characters speak an easily recognizable language from the Uttar Pradesh's heartland where even daughters are taught to fire a gun before they learn the alphabet. The supporting characters don't fake it even for a second.Many scenes convey warmth and empapthy without a jot of selfconsciousness. The characters are all played by unknown local UP actors who are born to the milieu. The director builds a believable arc of love and revenge. His lovers are so well-conceived on paper it would have taken two truly idiotic actors to ruin their characters. Luckily Parinati Chopra and Arjun Kapoor are anything but incapable actors. They imbue the violent ambience with their own peculiar chemistry.The bloodshed never stops, and the action is relentless. Hemant Chaturvedi's cinematography creates a world that is real and at the same time highly cinematic.Life in Ishaqzaade is like that. It lets the central characters sort out the socio-political mess over which they have little control with the nozzle of guns. Habib Faizal enters the Muslim and Hindu protagonists' homes, discovers their affectionate core and then watches them, non-judgmentally, as they turn into blood-thirst revenge-seekers.There are many reasons why Ishaqzaade is a remarkable film. It enters the killings fields of Uttar Pradesh. It chases down our two protagonists and then watches them get into a crisis with no end. In the end we are looking at two young vibrant people whom we love because they love one another irrespective of the differences.This is not a film which offers a pretty love story with gentle love songs. Even the music (Amit Trivedi) sounds like a war cry. Apne hoton ki banshee bana le mujhe! As for Parineeti Chopra and Arjun Kapoor, never mind the destiny that lies in store for their characters in this film. They are here to stay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13104249", "title": "\u2018Award of waste management only after analysing work\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: A detailed presentation on the implementation of solid waste management system in the city was made by firms to Shanti Dhariwal, urban, development and housing minister on Friday. In the first phase two firms based on lowest bidding were screened by Jaipur and Jodhpur municipal corporations for maintaining cleanliness. Both the firms informed the officials about how they will function in the two cities.A decision will be taken after observing the firms' work in other cities. Mayor Jyoti Khandelwal said, \"The firms will be responsible for collecting and disposing of garbage in the city. The firms are also working in other cities. The work will be awarded after a report and analyzing their work critically.\"The UDH minister and other officials will visit Delhi and Kanpur to study the functioning of the firms. Khandelwal added, \"The santitation workers at JMC will continue to work and an agreement with the company will not impact their jobs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13103346", "title": "Now, pay tax for refuge areas &amp; open terraces", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as the new property tax system promises to provide relief to 3.87 lakh structures, which are mostly new buildings, citizens feel that money will be recovered from taxes charged for amenities unique to these properties. Refuge areas and open terraces, which were originally left out of taxation, for instance, will be included in the new system approved on Thursday.Refuge areas, which have been made mandatory at every seventh habitable floor after the first 24m of a building, will now be charged 25% of the total area. Open terraces in buildings will be charged 10% of the area.In case of high-rises with a height of over 30m, the first refuge area is to be provided at 24m or the first habitable floor, whichever is higher. Thereafter, the refuge area is provided at every seventh habitable floor.\"In the earlier rateable value property tax system, the calculation was based on rent, which was arbitrary in different areas. By introducing the capital value based system, there will be a standard way of computing taxes. While doing this, we needed to take into account those areas (refuge area or open terraces) where land is being used for various purposes but were left out because there was obviously no rent levied,\" said officials.Meanwhile, elected representatives feel that areas such as basement, stilt parking and society offices, which are free of FSI, should be exempted from paying property tax. In the approved proposal, the rate of taxation for parking is 0.25% of the ready reckoner rate and 0.1% for society offices. \"At a time when parking is such a big problem in the city, societies that provide parking should not be charged. If one cannot provide incentives to such societies, they should at least not burden them,\" said Congress corporator Asif Zakaria.\"If a society goes for redevelopment, they may not provide the basic facilities for fear of being charged extra for these additional amenities. Moreover, new buildings also use RCC material and the cost of construction automatically goes up,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13104383", "title": "Posco chief to meet Naveen on steel project delay", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Nearly two-and-a-half months after criticizing the Odisha government for delay in concretizing Posco's mega steel project in Jagatsinghpur, Yong Won Yoon, the chairman-cum-managing director of the South Korean company's Indian subsidiary, is slated to hold discussions with chief minister Naveen Patnaik here on May 16.Official sources said Yoon would meet Naveen at the state secretariat on May 16 evening to deliberate on measures that could give the proposed $12 billion steel plant a much-needed push. Yoon's meeting would follow South Korean ambassador Kim Joong Keun's meeting with Naveen on May 2. Keun had said Posco would reduce the capacity of its proposed steel facility if the Odisha government fails to hand over the requisite 4004 acre for a mega 12 million tonne per annum plant. The envoy had also said Posco could begin construction work in the second half of this year if it could get around 2700 acre land.The state government has so far acquired 2158 acre for the project, which has been mired in various controversies, including local resistance and legal issues, since the South Korean company in mid-2005 proposed to set up India's biggest FDI project. On March 30, the National Green Tribunal suspended forest clearance to the Posco project.Apparently fed up with the project not taking off, Yoon on March 1 had blamed the Odisha government for delay in lifting police restrictions on entering its steel project site and also stressed upon the need to resume infrastructure and other works at the earliest. This was the maiden occasion when the steel company had directly held the government responsible for time and cost overruns.However, official sources said Posco was not keeping its part of the commitment when it came to putting requisite infrastructure in place. \"The company had agreed to share half of the cost of the 6.5 km surge protection embankment-cum-coastal road (connecting Sandhakud basti to refinery project site), but it was yet to do so,\" an official source said. The embankment-cum-road project is estimated to cost around Rs 52 crore, sources disclosed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13104153", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation asks for probe into building collapse", "text": "INDORE: Three days after the collapse of the newly constructed three-storey building near Malhar Mega Mall, Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) has ordered an inquiry into it. Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe has asked the Public Works Department (PWD) to form a team to investigate the exact cause for the collapse of the building and submit its report in 15 days. The civic body has also served show cause notices to building officer D R Lodhi and building inspector Suresh Chouhan for not taking any initiative to stop digging works adjacent to the building that collapsed.Mayor has specifically instructed the department to look into various aspects including sanctioning of the map. The team will also inquire whether the builder had followed the guidelines for the construction or not. PWD in-charge Jawahar Mangwani said a team of engineers has been constituted to look into the matter. The team will inspect the spot and sample of soil will be collected for testing.\"When was the construction started and whether the builder had proper permission to construct a three-storey building will also be probed,\" said city engineer Harbhanjan Singh, adding the civic body will also inquire the role of BO and BI of the area.Collapsing of old buildings is a common phenomenon during monsoons. But if a new building collapses, it has to be taken seriously, civic officials added.On Tuesday, the civic body had said that the building's foundation had reportedly weakened due to the construction work at an adjacent plot. About 18-foot deep pit was being dug at the basement on the plot for the last 20 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13103801", "title": "Clear used cable reels from highway: Goacan", "text": "PANAJI: Warning that traffic safety could be affected by huge used reels of underground cables which have been dumped indiscriminately along the NH-17, civic action group Goacan has expressed concern over the issue.The used reels have been dumped on the stretch from the Verna slope to Cortalim junction and from Bambolim slope to Merces junction (NH-4A). These reels have even been dumped in the nearby fields and mangroves as well.Roland Martins, co-ordinator of Goacan said the organization had made enquiries and found that the contractors hired to undertake the laying of the underground cables had abandoned these huge reels after completion of the job.Martins further stated that the oncoming monsoons could see these huge reels, which are being held in position with small stones, getting dislodged and landing on the NH-17 thereby endangering the lives of motorists and pedestrians, as well as damaging vehicles.Goacan has submitted letters to the offices of the district collectors at Panaji and Margao, as well as the deputy collectors at Tiswadi and Mormugao, besides the deputy SP (traffic) North and South and SDPO Vasco with a request to take up the matter with the departments concerned so that immediate steps are taken to deal with this situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102482", "title": "Ticket rates shoot up as flights remain grounded", "text": "NEW DELHI: The twin strikes of Air India's long haul international and Kingfisher's domestic flights have led to a massive spurt in fares in the peak travel holiday season that began on Friday. Last-minute re-bookings on other airlines by the scores of people who were booked to fly AI has led to an almost 20-25% hike in spot fares to New York, Toronto, London and many European destinations. Domestic fares have also gone up by almost Rs 3,000.The Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) on Friday evening issued an order to all airlines to remain within the fare range that they are supposed to publicize for every month on their websites and not cross the maximum price listed by them. \"We monitored fares on 46 domestic sectors and found an upward swing of about Rs 2 per km on them, which translates to about 10% hike. Since Kingfisher's flight capacity is already down from 400 to 100 now, any further reduction in capacity with pilots of AI and of Kingfisher (for some time) being on strike could have led to a major spurt. So we have issued directives to airlines and are monitoring the situation,\" said sources.The hike will most pinch international passengers who were headed to the US and Europe for vacations. With hotel and travel bookings already in place, they stand to lose money both if they book fresh flight tickets or cancel their travel plans altogether. While outbound international flights are almost booked to capacity till May 20, getting a seat on them till then means paying a huge amount by the last-minute travellers. Similarly, inbound to India flights are full from June-end and getting a last minute seat on them also means paying through the nose.The Air India strike has especially impacted fares on the North America and Europe sectors. The summer holiday season began on Friday and passengers who were supposed to fly AI flights are making a beeline for other airlines. The sudden upsurge has led to a double whammy as fares are anyway at their peak in this travel season.\"Buying a ticket within a week of travel date is about 20-25% costlier on routes like New York, Toronto, London and other European destinations. For instance, buying a ticket to NYC or London is costing about Rs 83,000 and Rs 60,000-65,000, respectively. The spot fares before the AI crisis were Rs 60,000 and Rs 50,000 to these destinations,\" said Anil Kalsi, who till recently headed the Travel Agents Federation of India.Domestic fares, on the other hand, were anyway high due to Kingfisher slashing capacity by almost 75% in the past few months. \"The Kingfisher strike mercifully was too short-lived to further escalate the fares. Spot return fare on Delhi-Mumbai sector is now Rs 15,000-16,000, up from Rs 8,000-9,000 earlier,\" said an agent. Sunny Sodhi, head (products) at yatra.com said there has been a rise of 3-4% in domestic fares in the past 2-3 days though the hike has been steeper for spot bookings at 6-7%. To make matters worse, one would also have to factor in the newly implemented user development fee at IGI airport, an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13103901", "title": "Filth, sewage mar significance of this ghat", "text": "VARANASI: Along with heaps of wooden logs stacked on platforms and burning of dead bodies on pyres, the Harishchandra Ghat is also plagued by unchecked and continuous discharge of sewage from partially open drains passing below the renovated electric crematorium. It may be mentioned here that this is one of the two prominent cremation ghats in the city, the other being Manikarnika Ghat.This mythological cremation ghat, which was included in the seven prominent ghats that witnessed resurrection and beautification under the mega project of the tourism department launched in 2008-09, needs another resurrection drive to give it a facelift. When TOI visited the cremation ghat, it was found to be laden with filth, most of which was dumped across the embankments, just below the cemented steps and platforms.The dust bins installed for garbage collection were conspicuous by their absence while another green dust bin (made of plastic) was being used as a wicket by local children, who were busy playing cricket on the platforms of the ghat. The iron railings erected along the platforms served as spots for drying clothes, mainly brought by local washermen. If that was not enough, the bundle of stacked wooden logs had damaged the iron plates engraved on the brick stairs as they were found to be uprooted from their original place. Similarly, decomposition of mud along the embankments brought by the receding Ganga in the post-monsoon season last year was still waiting to be removed from the ghat.\"Apart from the start of electric crematorium this year, all the major development works at the ghat have been done in the year 2000 that included construction of brick stairs laden with iron plates on the edge. Even cemented benches were constructed on the ghat for providing resting place for people that visit the ghat for performing last rites. If the cleanliness and sanitation is ensured at the ghat, the renovation drive would give it a facelift,\" said Rajesh Yadav, a local and former ward corporator of the area.However, according to Dinesh Kumar, regional tourism officer, the renovation and beautification of the ghat were done with the help of CPWD. It included restoration of cemented and stone platforms besides erection of iron grills and stone plate depicting the historical and mythological significance of the ghat. After the resurrection work, it was handed over to the Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN) and the onus of maintenance of the ghat rested with VNN, he added. When additional municipal commissioner SN Singh was contacted, he said apart from start of electric crematorium this year, the ghat witnessed cleanliness drive to remove mud and silt collected along the embankments.Similarly, Sonmani, the present ward corporator maintained that the lighting arrangements at the ghat were intact and high mast lights illuminated the ghat along with adjoining ghats in the evening. \"If sanitation along the ghat is maintained properly, other things will also fall in place,\" she added.It may be mentioned here that the ghat witnesses the last rite function of around 50 dead bodies per day. While a majority of the bodies are burnt on pyre as per Hindu tradition along the embankments of the Ganga, around 10 bodies are being burnt at the electric crematorium per day.Historical and mythological significance of Harishchandra GhatHarishchandra Ghat is one of the oldest Ghats of Varanasi. It is named after a mythological King Harish Chandra, king of Ayodhya, who once worked at the cremation ground here for the perseverance of truth and charity. It is believed that the Gods rewarded him for his resolve, charity and truthfulness and restored his lost throne and his dead son to him. Harishchandra Ghat is one of the two cremation Ghats (the other being Manikarnika Ghat) and is some times referred as Adi Manikarnika (the original creation ground). Hindus from distant places bring the dead bodies of their near and dear ones to the Harish Chandra Ghat for cremation. In Hindu mythology it is believed that if a person is cremated at the Harish Chandra Ghat, that person gets salvation or \"moksha\". The ghat was somewhat modernized in late 1980's, when an electric crematorium was opened. After lying defunct for many years, the crematorium has finally started functioning this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13101898", "title": "Protected Tipu's Fort is still in ruins", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The 224-year old Tipu's Fort at Feroke is in a dilapidated state, even two decades after being declared as a protected monument.Though the Kerala Sasthra Sahithya Parishad, fort protection committee and Feroke civic society have submitted memorandums to the district collector and department heads demanding the protection of the fort, no proper action has been initiated by the authorities.The fort was constructed in 1788 when Tipu Sultan transferred the capital of his kingdom in Malabar from Kozhikode to Feroke. However, defeated by the British, he handed over the fort to them. The partially built laterite fort at Paramukku, Kottasthala was declared an archaeological monument in 1991 under the Protected Monuments Sites and Remains Act 1968. The monument, situated next to the Feroke village office and Feroke Police station, is under the possession of archaeology department.A 12 meter diameter well found on the compound of the fort also faces destruction owing to official apathy. Personnel from the Pre-Recruitment Training Centre, Kozhikode had spotted two mini-wells inside this huge well.Though construction activities are prohibited in the 300 metre limit of any archaeological monument, some private individuals are engaged in mining near the fort.The Tipu Fort protection coordination committee plans to approach the district collector to take measures to preserve the fort. A meeting of the committee has also decided to seek the support of historians in the state in this regard. Criticizing the officials of archaeology department, Vijayakumar Putheri, office bearer of the committee, said that they had decided to stage a protest in Kozhikode city to invite public attention to the issue.\"We have decided to bring together various groups working for the protection of the fort to seek government intervention in the issue,\" said Jithinam Radhakrishnan, a member of the coordination committee.The fort of Tipu Sultan at Feroke, which was constructed over 220 years ago, is in a ruined state even two decades after declaring it as a protected monument. The laterite remains of the fort and the wells constructed at the fort are in dilapidated condition owing to the apathy of the government officials.The fort, constructed in 1788 when Tipu Sultan transferred the capital of his kingdom in Malabar from Kozhikode to Feroke, later fell under the jurisdiction of the British when Tipu was defeated by the latter. The partially built laterite fort remaining at Paramukku, Kottasthala was declared an archaeological monument in 1991 under the Protected Monuments Sites and Remains Act 1968.In protest against the apathy of the officials of Archaeological department, Tipu Fort Protection Coordination Committee will approach the district collector with a request to preserve the fort. A meeting of the coordination committee has also decided to approach historians in the state seeking their support for the protection of the fort.The fort which is under the custody of archaeology department is in a ruined condition owing to the apathy of the department officials, criticized the members of the protection committee. Kerala Sasthra Sahithya Parishad, Fort protection committee, Feroke Civic society and many other organizations had been submitting memorandums to the district collector and department heads demanding the protection of the port, however, no proper action was initiated by the authorities.Criticizing the officials of archaeology department, Vijayakumar Putheri, office bearer of the committee said that they have decided to shift protests from Feroke to Kozhikode city to invite the attention of public to the issue.Besides, a 12 meter diameter well found on the compound of the fort also is facing destruction owing to official apathy. Personnel from the Pre Recruitment Training Centre Kozhikode had also spotted two mini wells inside this huge well.Though construction activities are not allowed in the 300 metre limit of any archaeological monument, some private individuals are mining the region, alleged the protestors. The monument is situated next to Feroke village office and Feroke Police station.\"We have decided to coordinate different groups working for the protection of the fort to invite the attention of the government into the issue,\" Said Jithinam Radhakrishnan, a member of the coordination committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13108440", "title": "Not dating Abhishek Malik: Hunar Hali", "text": "Amidst rumours and speculation of Hunar Hali dating her 'Chal Sheh aur Maat' co-star Abhishek Malik, Hunar puts the gossip mills to rest.Refusing to be affected by such stories, Hunar says, \"I listen from one ear and remove it from the other. Abhishek and I are good friends. We are both Punjabis from Delhi and that makes us bond and care for each other. Our thoughts also match so it's easier for us to connect. Our friendship goes on to prove that a girl and guy can be friends. I won't shy away from a relationship. If it happens, I will accept it.\"When asked if she would like to date someone from the industry, Hunar was quick to reply \"Initially I wanted to marry someone outside the industry but I have realized that only a media man can marry a media woman because he understands her passion and work.\"Hunar Hali plays the female lead Aditi aka Neha in 'Chhal Sheh aur Maat'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13104434", "title": "In 2010, 7.6m children died of infections worldwide", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pneumonia was the cause for 1 in 4 under-five infant deaths (3.9 lakhs) in India in 2010 while nearly 18% children died due to pre-term birth complications.Diarrhoea killed 2.1 lakh children accounting for 12.6% of all infant deaths.In India, 16 lakh children died before reaching their fifth birthday in 2010 with more than half of them (52% or 8.7 lakhs) dying in the first 28 days of their life.New under five mortality estimates, to be published in the British medical journal Lancet on Friday shows that India along with Nigeria, Pakistan, Democratic Republic of Congo and China accounted for almost half (3.7 million) of deaths in children younger than 5 worldwide, and contributed to half the deaths from infections (2.4 million) and more than half (1.6million ) the deaths due to neonatal causes.Preventable infectious diseases were responsible for almost two-thirds of the 7.6 million deaths of children under five worldwide. Although child deaths have declined by 26% (2 million) since 2000, and despite major reductions in some of the leading causes of death (diarrhoea, pneumonia, and measles), few countries are going to achieve international targets for improving child survival with less than three years before the 2015 deadline for Millennium Development Goal (MDG) 4.Only tetanus, measles , and HIV/AIDS have declined sufficiently to meet MDG4, yet they account for just a small fraction of global under 5 mortality. In 2010, a third of deaths in children younger than 5 years occurred in southeast Asia and half in Africa. A striking 73% (2.6 million) of all child deaths in Africa were due to infectious causes, including 96% of all deaths due to malaria and 90% due to AIDS.In comparison, neonatal causes were the leading cause of death (1.096 million deaths) in southeast Asia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13103695", "title": "Panel to study irregularities made in Madurai Kamaraj University appointments", "text": "MADURAI: Madurai Kamaraj University (MKU) vice-chancellor Kalyani Mathivanan on Friday said that a three-member committee will be formed to probe into the alleged irregularities in faculty appointments in the varsity.\"The committee will thoroughly probe into the allegations of irregularities in the appointments. The issue would not be pushed under the carpet,\" Kalyani Mathivanan told reporters on Friday after chairing the syndicate meeting. The committee will possibly have a representative from the judiciary, one from academics, besides herself, she said.The university has been clouded for the past few months under allegations that several faculty members of the 120-odd appointments made during the tenure of R Karpaga Kumaravel as vice-chancellor got the posts through dubious means. While Kumaravel has denied the allegations and maintained that the appointments were made adhering to norms, several senate and syndicate members of MKU had demanded a high-level probe. I Ismail, general secretary of Madurai Kamaraj University Principals' Association had even filed a PIL in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court demanding a CBI probe into the alleged irregularities. In his petition, he had stated that the irregularities came to light during the audit report prepared by the director of Local Fund Audit for the year 2010-11. However, the high court directed the petitioner to approach the appropriate authorities as there are inbuilt mechanisms to address such issues in the university before approaching the court.Ismail alleged in the petition that people who were not eligible had managed to secure postings in various departments of the university. He charged that some of them had paid as much as Rs 14 lakh to secure the postings. Raising the issue during the last senate meeting in March, several members had demanded a high-level committee to probe into the allegations.Besides forming the committee, Kalyani Mathivanan said that several efforts are underway to streamline the functioning of the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13101931", "title": "Await a scorching weekend", "text": "KOLKATA: A scorching Friday marked the end of a hot, humid and uncomfortable week in the city. With squalls giving Kolkata a skip for the last 10 days, the mercury hovered around the 37-degree celsius mark through the week while humidity remained close to 90% on an average. The temperature touched 35.5 degrees celsius on Friday afternoon and humidity reached a stifling 80%. The weekend could be just as hot for no squall-inducing system was in sight, according to the metereological office.Explaining the discomfort, Met officials said moisture in Kolkata's environment was responsible for it. \"It is pushing the humidity up. But it can't precipitate a squall till you have winds that travel in the north-westerly direction and reach the Chhotanagpur plateau. As of now, no such system is evident in Bay of Bengal which can carry the winds that far. So, we must bear the heat and the humidity for at least a couple of more days,\" said Devendra Pradhan, deputy director of metereology.For relief, Kolkata must wait till moisture-bearing winds from the sea travel north-west towards Chhotanagpur plateau and form a cyclonic system. Apart from the wind direction, moisture-content, temperature and several other factors determine the formation of the system. \"It's difficult to predict when it will form. But it will as soon as the factors turn favourable,\" said Pradhan. Once the system forms, it takes about three-four hours for it to lash Kolkata. \"Usually, the system forms around noon and hits Kolkata in the early evening,\" said Pradhan.The discomfort has more to do with the moisture-induced humidity than the temperature, explained Met officials. \"Had the moisture-content been lower, it would have been more comfortable. But being close to the sea, Kolkata is bound to have an infusion of some moisture. This has traditionally made Kolkata summers quite unbearable,\" added Pradhan.This year Kolkata has been lashed by around a dozen nor'westers, including a few on successive days. A trough line which extended from the Orissa coast to Madhya Pradesh had made it happen. It often resulted in double squalls hitting Kolkata in the evening and again the next morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13101769", "title": "4.5-crore project to improve facilities at Govt Girls Home in Kakkanad", "text": "KOCHI: The district administration is all set to give a facelift to the Government Girls Home in Kakkanad, where the victims of various sex scandals have been provided accommodation.In order to improve the facilities in the girls' home, the authorities have submitted a Rs 4.5-crore project proposal for the approval of the state government.Once the project plan gets government approval, the home run by the social welfare department will get more facilities and vocational training centres.\"Currently the girls' home is facing shortage of space for accommodating inmates who are being brought here. There are nearly 80 inmates in the home which is more than the current capacity,\" an official in the social welfare department said.According to the plan, the height of the boundary wall will be increased and barbed wires will be fixed on the top to beef up security. The authorities will also build three watch towers on the premises and appoint more security staff to check the entry of intruders. Officials in the department said that there were concerns regarding the security at the girls' home as many incidents of intrusions were reported.\"Since the girls living here come from different circumstances, they need special care and attention,\" said district collector P I Sheik Pareeth.\"We are planning to provide them training in tailoring, computer applications, crockery making, soap making, etc, to make them self-reliable,\" he said. Facilities for various recreational activities will also be arranged. The authorities will modify the existing library, introduce various indoor games and will set up a garden on the premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13103694", "title": "Disruption in water supply for two days", "text": "MYSORE: The supply of drinking water will be disrupted in Dattanagara, Gowrishankar Nagara and Gundurao Nagar on Saturday and Sunday due to maintenance work in water reservoir at the foot of Chamundi Hills.The supply will also be disrupted in Banimantap C Block, Vijayanagar I and II stages, Hebbal, I, II and III stages, Manchegowdana Koppallu, Gokulam, Kumbara Koppallu, Mahdeshwara Revenue Layout and Subash Nagar on Saturday due to maintenance work at the water reservoir in Yadavgiri and in central water reservoir of Vijaynagar, according to a release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13104380", "title": "Supreme Court defers order on incinerating Carbide\u2019s toxic waste", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday put on hold its order directing disposal of toxic wastes lying in the Union Carbide India Ltd (UCIL) plant, now represented by Dow Chemical Company , in Bhopal at the Pithampur waste treatment storage and disposal facility (TSDF) in Madhya Pradesh's Dhar district.The apex court deferred the implementation of its April 4 order in the wake of various issues raised by Madhya Pradesh government and some NGOs about the \"possible fall-out of the trial run\" for the disposal of UCIL wastes and the fact that the \"group of minister (GoM) considering the issue is yet to take a final decision\".\"We do not want that a single life should be affected,\" a bench comprising justices G S Singhvi and S J Mukhopadhayay said while stressing that \"waste disposal has to be carried out without harming any individual\".The bench indicated if the GoM comes out with a decision, preferably within two weeks, the matter could be heard during the vacation and a request could be made to the Chief Justice of India for constituting a bench to hear it.The court noted that despite the suffering of the people for the last 28 years, the Centre and the state government have failed to arrive at the modalities for disposal of the toxic wastes lying at the erstwhile factory of UCIL.It also made clear that though there was a proposal for disposal and incineration of wastes at Pithampur facility, it would not like that any harmful affect would arise in a new place as the nearest village was only half a km away from the site.The bench noted the submission of senior advocates Ravi Shankar Prasad and Rajiv Dhavan, appearing for Madhya Pradesh Pollution Control Board and the NGO, Bhopal Action Group, that people in Pithampura was against the proposal and there was all-round support for the disposal of the waste by a private German company.It also took on record the statement of the Solictor General that though the Centre wanted the trial run for the disposal to start on May 30, the GoM was yet to take a final decision.\"Having regard to the various issues raised by Madhya Pradesh government and NGOS about the possible fall-out of the trial run for disposal of UCIL wastes at Pithampura and the fact that the GoM is considering the issue and has yet to take a final decision, we propose to defer the implementation of our order,\" the bench said.The NGOs have also pointed out that the Pithampura facility, located 200 km from Bhopal, is yet to be made operational.The apex court had on April 4 passed the order after the Solicitor General had drawn its attention to the minutes of the meeting held on February 22 and stated that the trial disposal of 10 metric tonnes of UCIL wastes will be undertaken at Pithampura TSDF within a period of three months and a report to this effect will be submitted before the Madhya Pradesh High Court at the end of three months' period.The bench had said that in view of the statement of the Solicitor General, Madhya Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh Pollution Control Board and Central Pollution Control Board shall take all the steps necessary for ensuring effective implementation of the decision taken in the meeting held on February 22.The order was passed following an appeal against the High Court's interim decision that directed the Centre to appear through the Environment and Forests Ministry Secretary to explain what is to be done with the 350 tonnes of toxic wastes lying at the UCIP since 1984 when the Bhopal gas leak disaster had occurred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13102099", "title": "CBI arrests 2 BSNL engineers for taking bribe", "text": "PATNA: The CBI officials, on Thursday, arrested two BSNL officials of Darbhanga - assistant engineer (civil) Deonarayan Mahto and junior engineer Bechan Prasad - for receiving Rs 5,000 each as bribe from a contractor.The arrested engineers were brought here from Darbhanga on Friday and produced before a CBI court which forwarded them to judicial custody.Prasad was arrested from Darbhanga junction while accepting the bribe. Mahto had demanded Rs 15,000 as bribe and received Rs 5,000 in his bank account.A BSNL contractor, Ravindra Kumar Singh, had lodged a complaint with the CBI on May 9 against the two officials alleging that they were demanding bribe for clearing his bills. Singh, who belongs to Vaishali, had completed the BSNL work in Madhubani district long back, but was being denied payment. Singh had been paid one instalment of Rs 3.38 lakh. Singh said he did not pay a single penny as commission to the accused assistant engineer and junior engineer who stalled the final payment even after completion of the work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13102751", "title": "'8 million Indian flyers in 2011'", "text": "MUMBAI: Jeju-Seoul, the world's busiest air route, saw 10 million passengers boarding flights in 2011 (tickets sell cheap too. TOI checked the fare for this weekend flight on the route and fares began at Rs 3,500, one-way, tax inclusive). Occupying the number two position on the busiest list was Brazil's Rio de Janeiro-Sao Paulo route which had 8 million passengers zipping between the cities.The Amadeus report did not reveal the passenger traffic between Mumbai and Delhi. David Brett, president of Amadeus Asia Pacific, said the global findings were a striking reaffirmation of the rapid growth in the travel industry across Asia Pacific (APAC). \"To hold seven of the world's top ten inter-city routes within the domestic borders of Asian countries is testament to the significant role APAC plays within the global travel market today,\" said Brett. Ankur Bhatia, director, Amadeus India, said, \"The surge in passenger traffic in Asia clearly points to the tremendous growth the Asian economy has witnessed in recent times.\"The Amadeus review looked at trends in worldwide passenger demand between regions, countries and specific airports, comparing the full 2011 passenger volumes with the 2010 data. The rankings were arrived at by comparing passengers travelling between a given origin and the final destination airport, irrespective of the number of connecting stops.The 2011 country statistics revealed that the strongest growth in absolute passenger term is led by the BRIC countries. China registered an additional 19 million passengers in 2011 than 2010, Brazil 12 million, India 8 million and Russia 6 million. Indonesia was the 5th strongest growth market, with an additional 5 million passengers in 2011.The traffic between North America and Europe remains the busiest inter-regional flow, with over 60 million passengers in 2011, followed by Asia and Europe with over 53 million, and Latin America and North America with 47 million passengers.In terms of connecting traffic, over 50% of all passengers in the triangle between Asia, Europe and North America change aircraft at least once. On the other hand, only 7% of all passengers travelling within Asia travel with a connecting flight, compared to 10% in Europe and 31% in North America. The largest airports in Asia have a lower percentage of connecting traffic than the North American and European hubs. The average connecting rate of the ten busiest airports in Asia is 19% compared with 32% for the top ten hubs in Europe and 45% in North America.The most important inter-regional growth patterns of last year are led by Asia. Traffic between Asia and Europe, and between Asia and North America, grew by 9%. Traffic between Asia and the Middle East grew 6%, reaching 38 million travellers in the year. Compared with the previous year, 2% fewer passengers travelled between Africa and Europe in 2011, making it the only region pair with a significant traffic flow decrease over the period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "13108197", "title": "JIPMER to go for 'massive' modernisation", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: Jawaharlal Institute of post-graduate Medical Education and Research (JIPMER), a premier institution launched by the central government some five decades ago here, has drawn up massive plans to modernise the hospital during the current 12th Five Year Plan.Stating this, JIPMER director T S Ravikumar told reporters that it was proposed to spend crore for modernisation 'through various big projects'.All patient care, modernization of infrastructure, introduction of Electronic Patient Health Card facilities and augmentation of facilities would be part of the modernization plan chalked out by JIPMER. The super specialty block would also be expanded.\"We would like to ensure that JIPMER emerges as the hospital of the future,\" he said adding the institute needed 900 more health professionals including doctors and nurses.JIPMER also intends to start a school of public health in the twelfth plan (2012-17).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102422", "title": "SC angry over states' inaction on illegal mining", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday expressed anguish over the Central Empowered Committee (CEC) report, pointing out the inaction on the part of government and statutory authorities to stop rampant illegal mining of iron ore carried out with impunity under political patronage in Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh.It asked Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and departments of that or any other state to fully cooperate and provide required information to the CBI. The premier probe agency has been asked to probe the alleged kickbacks received by trusts and institutions run by former CM B S Yeddyurappa and his family after he reportedly showed favours to certain mining majors.Justice Kumar of the Supreme Court, who wrote the 46-page judgment, said: \"The facts in the present case reveal an unfortunate state of affairs which has prevailed for a considerable time in the mentioned districts of Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka. The CEC has pointed out, and the complainant and petitioners have also highlighted, a complete failure of the state machinery in relation to controlling and protecting the environment, forests and minerals from being illegally mined and exploited.\"The court said, \"Wherever and whenever the state fails to perform its duties, the court shall step in to ensure that rule of law prevails over the abuse of process of law.\"The court said all proceedings pending before any court relating to the matter, which now stood referred to the CBI for a detailed probe, would remain stayed till further orders.In a 17-page report based on its investigation into serious charges levelled by NGO Samaja Parivartana Samudaya and after hearing all sides, the CEC had indicted the former CM, his two sons Vijayendra and B Y Raghavendra, and son-in-law R N Sohan Kumar for their involvement in the illegal allotment of land to South West Mining Ltd.The CEC has found truth in the allegation that the Bangalore Development Authority allotted one acre from the Arkavathy Layout plan after irregularly denotifying the plot and converting its usage to non-agricultural purpose. The environment panel underlined that the Jindal Group-owned South West Mining Ltd, as part of the quid pro quo, contributed Rs 10 crore to Prerana Education Society set up by close relatives of Yeddyurappa.The society, \"during March 2010, vide two cheques of Rs 5 crore each, received a donation of Rs 10 crore from South West Mining Ltd, a Jindal Group company, which had a net profit after tax of Rs 5.73 crore during 2009-10\", the panel had said.What shocked the CEC was the spread and extent of illegal mining in Karnataka. It said a detailed investigation was needed by the CBI into \"the massive illegalities and illegal mining found to have taken place in Karnataka and the allegations made against the Jindal Group as being recipient of large quantities of illegally mined material and undue favours shown to them in respect of mining lease of M/s Mysore Minerals Ltd\".The CEC examined the donation details of South West Mining and other Jindal Group companies. \"It is seen that such a large donation has not been made by the said company or other Jindal Group companies to any other trust/society not owned by the Jindal Group,\" the CEC had said.It recommended CBI probe into the donations received by Prerana Education Society and its links to \"alleged receipt of illegal mineral by M/s JSW Steel Ltd and the alleged undue favour shown to it in respect of the mining lease of MML\".It had also recommended CBI probe into Rs 6-crore donation by mining baron R Praveen Chandra to entities managed by Yeddyurappa's sons and son-in-law. The CEC report said Chandra had paid Rs 2.5 crore to Bhagat Homes and Rs 3.5 crore to Dhavalagiri Property Dealers \"as a quid pro quo for allotment of a mining lease\".\"The CBI should investigate the payments made by the above said lessee to these two companies whose directors/shareholders are close relatives of the then chief minister, Karnataka, and whether there was any link between such payments and grant of mining lease to Praveen Chandra,\" the CEC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13103673", "title": "Bypolls: Congress worried over crumbling Chiru vote bank", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the by-polls exactly a month away, more bad news has hit the Congress campaign. An internal report has expressed concern over the possible non-transfer of the Prajarajyam Party votes to the ruling party, and a worried PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana has directed the district Congress leaders to immediately coordinate a campaign with their erstwhile PRP leaders and ensure that the merger of the two parties gets reflected in the form of votes for the ruling party candidate in the by-polls.Of the 18 assembly constituencies and one Lok Sabha seat going for the by-polls on June 12, the Kapu, Balija, Telaga, Ontari and Turpu Kapu communities have an influential say in almost 10 of them.They include Narsannapet in Srikakulam, Payakaraopet in Visakhapatnam, Ramachandrapuram in East Godavari, Narsapuram and Polavaram in West Godavari, where they comprise nearly 18% of the electorate, and Rayachoti, Rajampet, Railway Koduru and Rayadurgam constituencies in Kadapa, Tirupati in Chittoor and Anantapur respectively where they command 24% or more of the total voter strength.All the above-mentioned communities are said to have voted for the PRP in the last elections and with the Chiranjeevi party having merged with the Congress, the ruling party leaders have been in the firm belief that these votes would get transferred to them.However, the filed report is indicating that it is not all that hunky dory for the Congress. \"The PRP started as an anti-Congress and anti-TDP party and most of the Kapu-Balija members had moved to that party in the hope of ensuring an alternative leadership and voted in a big way for Chiranjeevi.\"However, the dislike for the Congress is still existing among many of these voters. Therefore, it is likely that not all of them will vote for the hand symbol,\" said a leader.Thus according to the field report, in East and West Godavari districts, many of the PRP voters are moving towards the YSR Congress and a similar trend is also discernable in Kadapa, Kurnool and Anantapur districts.In South costal Andhra region, the Balija and Kapu votes are getting divided between the YSR Congress and TDP, and according to the report, in Srikakulam, Vizainagaram and Visakhapatnam districts, the PRP vote bank is highly divided with many deciding to align with the YSR Congress.Alarmed over the report, both chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and the PCC chief are making desperate moves to set right the situation.\"Only if we get a big majority in these constituencies can it be said that the Congress-PRP merger has taken place at the ground level,\" the chief minister said during his Payakaraopet tour.On his part, Botsa has directed the district Congress leaders to immediately coordinate the campaign with the erstwhile PRP leaders and ensure that the Chiranjeevi vote bank remains intact with the Congress.\"The local Congress and PRP voters should work in coordination and ensure that the votes are completely transferred in favour of the hand symbol,\" the PCC president told TOI.However, it will be known only on June 15, when the results of the bypolls are declared, whether such a transfer has really happened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13102820", "title": "Schools can't force Std XI kids to change stream: Central Board of Secondary Education", "text": "MUMBAI: Following a Delhi high court order, the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has posted a circular on its website, stating schools, which start their Std-XI classes before the Std-X board results are declared, cannot force the students to change their streams after their scores are out. If they do, they cannot charge any fee from those students.Many CBSE schools enrol students to Std XI provisionally, before the board results are announced, allowing them to take up streams, based on their performance in pre-board exams and unit tests. But once the results are out, going by their scores, many schools feel that some children are not cut out for particular subjects and force them to change their streams.The order was passed after a case was filed in the Delhi HC by a student, who was allowed to study a combination of subjects but immediately after the results were declared, the student was asked to pursue another combination. \"To avoid hardship for students caused by a change in streams, some guidelines are being given for compliance by all schools affiliated to CBSE to deal such cases,\" says the circular.But the board did admit that sometimes, a change in subjects becomes necessary. For that, the circular has set some rules: \"Schools shall bear the burden of all expenses to be incurred by the students/parents in buying a second set of books and study materials for the allocated subject/stream or reimburse them on the basis of the bills produced by them.\"The circular is not applicable to schools that do not start Std-XI classes before the board results are declared. \"Many of our students apply elsewhere and we also receive applications of students from other boards. So, we start our session in the third week of June,\" said Deepshika Srivastava, principal of Rajhans Vidyalaya, Andheri (W). But not all schools, like R N Podar High School, follow the rule. \"But we charge fees only from June,\" said principal Avnita Bir.A circular states that if the stream change is absolutely required, then \"schools shall bear the burden of all expenses to be incurred by the students/parents in buying a second set of books...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13102678", "title": "Three cheers for Gujarat\u2019s big ben", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three prestigious international honours will be bestowed upon big ben from Gujarat , Ela Bhatt, founder-director of Self Employed Women's Association (Sewa), who helped turn around lives of million-odd women through her co-operative and micro-finance initiatives.Bhatt (78) will be honoured with Roosevelt Four Freedoms Award in the Netherlands. She will be felicitated by Queen Beatrix in the presence of Anna Eleanor Roosevelt on Saturday for her extraordinary efforts on behalf of some of the poorest and most oppressed women in India.On May 14, Bhatt will be awarded a doctorate for defending and promoting democratic freedom by the Universite Libre De Bruxelles in Brussels , Belgium .On May 19, Bhatt will be awarded a degree from Georgetown University , Washington, recognising her as an international leader for women's right.The string of international honours come close on the heels of Sewa celebrating 40 years of its foundation in April 1972 with 1,072 members. It has now over 13.51 lakh women members in India. Sewa also works with women in strife-torn countries like Sri Lanka and Afghanistan , among others.\"My vision is of a society were six of our primary needs - our daily staple food, shelter, clothing, primary education, health services and banking services - can be found within a hundred mile radius,\" she told TOI earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13103824", "title": "Friends set trader on fire at Nashik Road", "text": "NASHIK: A grape and raisin trader was set on fire by his friends on Thursday night at the Nashik Road railway station after a quarrel. The victim, Sachin Mahanjan, suffered 30 percent burn injuries. The trader has been admitted to Bytco Hospital at Nashik Road.PSI Madhavrao Rokade of the Nashik Road police station said the trader shut his shop around 10.30pm on Thursday and went home in the Vishnu Nagar area, Station Wadi, on the east side of the railway station. After reaching home, he got a call from his friends, who said that they wanted go out for dinner. Mahajan joined them in the same area. Amidst talk, an argument broke out between Mahajan and his three friends, Baba Shaikh, Rahul and Kiran.The trio beat Mahajan up and also attacked him with sharp weapons. Later, one of them brought petrol in a water bottle and poured it on the victim and set him on fire. Mahajan, who was in flames, ran and jumped over a wall. There was a gutter on the other side of wall and hence, the fire got doused.He reached home and narrated the incident to his wife and friends. He was then admitted to Bytoco Hospital. Cops were informed of the incident at 4am on Friday morning.Meanwhile, all three accused are absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13102502", "title": "Facilities inversely proportional to funds", "text": "BANGALORE: From Rs 137.1 crore in 2003-04, the government's allocation for Akshara Dasoha, as the midday meal scheme has been ambitiously christened, rose to a whopping Rs 330 crore in 2011.However, the facilities never improved proportionately. Forget remote taluks where the scheme is implemented, even in cities, government school employees continue to cook meals for children in unhygienic conditions.Sample this. The Centre's allocation for the midday meal scheme in 2011-12 was Rs 507.20 crore. For kitchen facilities alone, it was Rs 90 crore.The state of affairs at the higher primary school at Sundarapalya in Bangarpet taluk, Kolar district, is perhaps an example of how there is complete breakdown of accountability in implementing the scheme that has been floated to bring smiles to lakhs of children every afternoon. Just 70km from the country's IT capital, midday meal is cooked with water collected from a toilet. And left with no cooking gas, cooks have chopped off a school's door to serve as firewood. Foodgrains in schools near Anekal are stored in dark and dingy rooms and the sacks are eaten away by rodents.The high court's repeated chiding of the education department, too, hasn't made any difference to the sorry state of affairs. In March 2012, the court set a 15-day deadline for the department to explain how it spent Rs 45 crore in providing drinking water and toilet facilities in schools across the state. The result is there for all to see - children drinking water from toilet taps!School inspections are a rarity. With no monitoring, the money allotted for midday meal infrastructure either remains on paper or is misappropriated.Schools showing inflated attendance to divert foodgrains meant for children are common. With the Right to Education (RTE) rolling in, it is mandatory for the government to ensure separate toilets for boys and girls, safe and adequate drinking water facility and a kitchen where midday meal can be cooked.But things are unlikely to change, at least in the near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13101966", "title": "Jeweller foils robbery bid, nabs suspect", "text": "PUNE: In a daredevil act, a jeweller foiled a robbery bid after he overpowered the armed suspect in his shop at Magarpatta in Hadapsar on Friday afternoon. The suspect, identified as Santoshkumar Roy (30) of Vikasnagar in Ghorpadi was later arrested. The police have also seized a pistol and five bullets from Roy.According to the Hadapsar police, Roy was sentenced to life imprisonment in a murder case in 2001. He was released on parole for 12 days from the Yerawada central jail on May 1.Santosh Parge (32), owner of the Omkar Jewellers and a resident of Hadapsar, told TOI that Roy and his associate, Sonu Joseph (25), arrived at the shop on a motorcycle while he was making preparations for closing the shop at around 1.30 pm. According to Parge, Roy walked into the shop and asked him to show a gold chain. Suspicious of the customer's motive, Parge told Roy to visit the shop at 5.30 pm as the owner was not available. Parge said, after he refused, Roy pulled out a pistol tucked in his waist and threatened him.Senior inspector Pandharinath Mandhare of the Hadapsar police station told TOI that after Roy made an attempt to loot the ornaments in the shop while pointing the gun at Parge, the latter pressed the burglar alarm with his leg. Roy panicked at the sound of the alarm and fired a round, which pierced the false ceiling of the shop.Mandhare told TOI the jeweller then risked his life and overpowered Roy and shouted for help, following which passersby rushed to his aid. Seeing the commotion, Joseph fled on the bike.Roy was handed over to a police patrol.Investigations have revealed that Roy was wearing two shirts and he planned to remove the first shirt after committing the crime to evade arrest. Around four months ago, unidentified men had broke into the medicine shop adjacent to Parge's shop and had tried to enter the jewellery shop after breaking the wall but were unsuccessful, Mandhare said.Police have launched a hunt to trace Joseph.City police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar felicitated Parge and passerby Nagesh Kasar and gave them rewards of Rs 10,000 to and Rs 5,000 respectively for performing the brave act.Roy was arrested for committing an offence with a dangerous weapon under section 392 and 397 of the Indian Penal Code and 3 (25) of the Arms Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "13107596", "title": "Facebook proposes privacy-policy updates", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Facebook, responding to a European regulator's request, proposed privacy-policy changes that would disclose more information on how it handles user data.Under a proposal, Facebook would publish more detail on how long data can be held, what happens when accounts are deactivated and what kinds of ads could be shown to users even when they're not on Facebook's pages, the Menlo Park , California-based company said today on its site.Ireland's data-protection agency, which regulates Facebook's Irish affiliate, had encouraged the social-networking service to enhance guidelines. Facebook, which plans to raise as much as $11.8 billion in an initial public offering as soon as next week, is stepping up efforts to safeguard user data and inform people how their information is handled.\"We're adding more examples and detailed explanations to help you understand our policies,\" Erin Egan, Facebook's chief privacy officer for policy, said in a blog posting on the site.Facebook has come under scrutiny from regulators in the US as well, and last year agreed to settle complaints by the US Federal Trade Commission that it failed to protect users' privacy or disclose how their data could be used.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13102448", "title": "'I know how to exit Chakravyuha'", "text": "MYSORE: It was 11.20am on Friday when former CM B S Yeddyurappa got the news that the Supreme Court had ordered a CBI probe against him. He had just reached Nanjangud, 20km from here.As he got down from his convoy that pulled up at the Mangala Mantapa, the newly constructed convention hall by Suttur mutt, Yeddyurappa looked dull and wary. He was furious when reporters sought his reaction, and reacted sharply when asked if he faced threat of arrest. \"I don't want to say anything,\" the Lingayat strongman said.It took him two hours to pull himself together and declare that he would fight back. Clad in his trademark white safari suit, Yeddyurappa sat pensively for over an hour at the inauguration of the Mangala Mantapa, flanked by Siddaganga mutt seer Shivakumar Swami and Suttur mutt pontiff Shivaratri Deshikendra Swami, the two dominant Lingayat mutts, before he made his intentions clear.He listened to Bijapur-based Gnanayoga Ashrama seer Siddeshwara Swami's discourse and made some points. \"I'm trained in Arjuna's garadi. I know how to enter Chakravyuha and come out of it unscathed, unlike Abhimanyu,\" he said, referring to the epic Mahabharata, to thunderous applause from the crowd. The crowd at the meet - where scores of seers from Lingayat mutts had gathered -- was gung-ho about Yeddyurappa.Indicating that he was ready for possible arrest, saying \"one should be ready for any eventuality in public life\", Yeddyurappa looked a confident man when he was done addressing the gathering that kept applauding through his 30-minute speech. \"Bennu torisolla (I'll not run away),\" he said, asserting that he would come clean too. Just be with me and extend support to my fight, he told the people. He also visited the ancient Srikanteshwara temple before he left for Bangalore.Cold war continuesYeddyurappa avoided interacting with CM D V Sadananda Gowda, who waited for 20 minutes for him to arrive. The BJP leaders, who have fallen out with each other, didn't interact even when they came face to face and shared the dais.Gowda was cautious, too, saying the former CM would come clean, but asserted that the judgment will not impact his government. Interestingly, Yeddyurappa, who was silent, used the platform to make known his political moves after Gowda left. He said he would tour the state for three months, visiting every taluk to explain to the people what he had done as CM.Expand probe, BSY tells PMA beleaguered Yeddyurappa on Friday asked Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to order a CBI probe into mining leases issued since 2000. \"I've not issued even a single lease, but am facing charges of illegal mining. The fact remains that natural resources were looted since 2000, which should be probed by the central investigating agency. I tried to curtail illegal mining and ordered a Lokayukta probe. Now I'm accused of illegal mining. This is atrocious,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13101976", "title": "Close shave for Duronto passengers", "text": "KOLKATA: Passengers on 12260 New Delhi - Sealdah Duronto Express had a narrow escape after the train ran into a herd of cattle near the Ranigunj station on Friday afternoon. Though the train didn't derail and there was no injury to passengers, the locomotive suffered some damage and had to be replaced before the train resumed its journey towards Sealdah. The train, which was already running behind schedule by over three and half hours when it reached Ranigunj, was further delayed by nearly two hours while the locomotive was replaced and necessary checks carried out.Sources in the railways claimed that the train might have derailed had it been moving even close to its top speed of 120 km per hour. Passengers were served sandwiches, fruit juice and bottled water at Durgapur after they complained of the delay. Some passengers also complained that the toilets had run out of water by the time the train started from Ranigunj.\"The incident happened just outside the Ranigunj station after the train ran over a cow at 1.40 pm. The cow-catcher of the locomotive was damaged and had to be removed. The train started from the spot at 2.35 pm after all the coaches were checked for any damage. It reached Ranigunj station at 2.42 pm where the locomotive was replaced. It finally left Ranigunj at 3.25 pm. As there are no facilities on board the train to serve lunch to passengers, arrangements were made at Durgapur. Passengers were served meals there,\" an Eastern Railway spokesperson said.According to experts, immediate steps need to be taken to prevent the movement of cattle on tracks used by high-speed trains like the Durontos and Rajdhanis. The Duronto runs non-stop between New Delhi and Sealdah (save for four technical stops for crew change).Unprotected tracks are a major problem due to which the railways are unable to run trains at top-speed. The Rajdhani and Duronto coaches can move at speeds of up to 140-150 km per hour but they are not allowed to do so as the tracks are unfenced. Even if the train had run into a herd of cattle at 120 km per hour, there could have been a derailment due to the impact,\" one of them said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13103609", "title": "2G judgment: SC agrees to hear presidential reference", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday agreed to hear the presidential reference through which the Centre has sought its opinion on the correctness of the 2G judgment's mandate to allot natural resources only through the auction route.A five-judge constitution bench headed by Chief Justice S H Kapadia heard attorney general G E Vahanvati, laid down the procedure for the hearing and posted the reference for arguments on July 10. It also issued notices to petitioners in the 2G scam - NGO Centre for Public Interest Litigation and Janata Party chief Subramanian Swamy .The reference questioned the correctness of the propositions rendered by a bench headed by Justice G S Singhvi, especially the auction route. The Centre on Thursday had withdrawn its petition seeking review of the February 2 order cancelling 122 telecom licences holding them to be allotted irregularly through first-come, first-served policy by telecom minister A Raja.The court also agreed with senior advocate Harish Salve to give a hearing to the private industry and issued notices to Ficci and CII.Appearing for CPIL, advocate Prashant Bhushan suggested that in a matter of such public importance, experts should also be given a chance to present their views before the court. But the bench said since public interest was being represented through Bhushan, the experts could also route their views to the court through him.The bench cited its experience during the hearing on media guidelines and said it would be unwieldy if a cap was not put on the number of persons to be heard on the presidential reference.The court took note of Vahanvati's argument that the SC's opinion on the first four questions in the presidential reference was crucial for the Centre. The questions are:Whether the only permissible method for disposal of all natural resources across all sectors and in all circumstances is by the conduct of auction?Whether the broad proposition of law that only the route of auction can be resorted to does not run contrary to several judgments of the SC?Whether the enunciation of a broad principle, even though expressed as a matter of constitutional law, does not really amount to formulation of a policy and has the effect of unsettling policy decisions formulated and approaches taken by various successive governments over the years for valid considerations, including lack of public resources and the need to resort to innovative approaches for the development of various sectors of the economy?What is the permissible scope for interference by courts with policy making by the government?Vahanvati said the SC's opinion in these questions would determine the effect of the 2G order on individual cases. Though the government had withdrawn its review plea, it has secured extension of the June 2 deadline for auction of the cancelled telecom licences till August 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13101486", "title": "Preventive steps will be taken against diseases: Minister", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan said preventive measures against the spread of diseases during monsoon will be implemented in the district at a meeting in the district collectorate on Friday.It was decided in the meeting to commence cleaning activities in all wards and panchayats on May 17. Meetings regarding this will be held in block, grama panchayats, municpalities and wards.The programme will be implemented with the support of local bodies, social organisations and individuals. The cleaning works will go on till July 31.District medical officer said the health department had made sure that medicines and required staff are present in all the health centres across the district.Awareness campaigns will be held on cleaning the drainage and water bodies, preventing logging of waste water, growth of mosquitoes and chlorination of drinking water sources.The quality of drinking water supplied through tankers will be examined and inspection will done in hotels and small shops to check the quality of water.These campaigns will be promoted through visual, audio and print media. A programme officer will be posted to coordinate the activities of each block.The minister also directed the labour department to issue, identity cards to migrant workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13102918", "title": "Passport fraud case against Palande", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch, probing the two murder cases in which Vijay Palande is the main accused, is all set to register a case of forgery under the Passport Act against him, his wife Simran Sood and associate Dhananjay Shinde.Crime branch officials said they gave false addresses and information to procure the passports.According to the report provided by the Regional Passport Office, in Palande's case, the passport was issued from Delhi. Palande had given a false address as C-560, Galli no. 3, Krishna Nagar, Delhi. The police have also raised doubts on his date of birth, mentioned as December 12, 1970. In Shinde's case, his name in the passport is Dhananjay Kailash Shinde when his real name is Jagdish Kailash Shejav.According to his passport, he is a resident of Palan Vihar in Gurgaon, Haryana. And in the passport of Simran, she has mentioned her name as Sirman Sood when her real name is Seema Surinderkumar Dosaj. The passport was issued in Delhi in 2010. \"She had told us that she got married to Palande in 2010 and if she was married to him, why she did mention her status in the passport as single? All the three accused had purportedly given false information with the intention to misguide and dodge investigating agencies,'' said an officer.The trio frequently flew to Thailand on tourist visas. While Palande had flown to Thailand on at least eight occasions, Simran flew five times and Shinde four times in the last four years. The police are probing the reason for their frequent visits to this country.Meanwhile, Palande who was arrested on Thursday in a case pertaining to his escape from police custody, was produced before the Esplanade metropolitan magistrate on Frida and remanded in police custody till May 18.Palande, Shinde, Manoj Gajkosh and Sood have been arrested in the murders of Delhi-based consultant Karan Kakkar and senior citizen Arun Tikku. In both cases, all four were remanded in judicial custody but the police on Thursday re-arrested Palande in the escape case.Crime branch wants Nikam as prosecutorJoint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy on Friday said they have requested the state home department to depute senior public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikkam to represent them. The police have also asked for a special fast track court to try the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "13103051", "title": "Girl dies after quack administered drug", "text": "ALWAR: A 14-year old girl died on Friday allegedly due to drug overdose administered by a quack in the town. Police have registered an FIR against the quack and an investigation has been launched.According to the police, the girl, identified as Komal, a resident of Ladiya Mohalla in Alwar, was a Class VIII student. \"Komal complained of vomiting on Friday morning. She was rushed by her family members to a clinic run by one H K Aroda. He claimed that the girl was serious and administered her three injections. Immediately after that, her condition further deteriorated,\" a police officer said.He said Aroda asked the family members to take the girl to another hospital. \"She was declared dead by doctors at a private hospital. The family members claimed that the girl had died as she was given overdose of faulty medicine. Aroda is not a qualified doctor and apparently administered three injections to fleech money from the family members,\" the officer said.He further said that the quack has disappeared after closing the shop. \"A search has been launched after girl's father Raju registered an FIR with the police,\" the officer added.The postmortem of the girl's body was conducted by a medical board at the General Hospital in Kotwali police station area. Medical jurist Jitendra Singh said prima-facie, it seems the girl died of the overdose of medicines.\"The report will only confirm this finding,\" Singh said.Several deaths after treatments by quacks in the area have been reported from time to time. The district administration claims to be running a campaign against quacks, however, it seems the drive is not bearing much fruit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13103876", "title": "Court issues notices to civic officials regarding cattle menace", "text": "KANPUR: The civil judge (senior division), on Friday, issued notices to Kanpur nagar nigam and incharge of cattle catching department DB Mishra in a declaratory suit related to stray cattle filed by lawyer Indeevar Bajpai.The petitioner had sought a mandatory injunction against the nagar nigam officials and a direction to prepare a proper master plan for the control of stray animals in the city and appoint of staff in the catching department.He alleged that stray cattle are a menace for denizens. One can see stray cattle in every nook and corner of the city. The authorities concerned never bother to solve the problem.There were several incidents where stray cattle had harmed citizens. Citing the incidents, the petitioner pleaded that a bull killed a baby in a vegetable market. Another bull injured a BTech student and a couple.The nagar nigam and the cattle catching department had never chalked out strategy to check the problem.In support of his claim, the petitioner submitted some newspaper reports.The judge summoned the defendants in person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13102321", "title": "Amravati group bags Mayor's Cup one act play competition", "text": "NAGPUR: The 5th Mayor's Cup one act play competition organized by Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) in association with Akhil Bhartiya Marathi Natakya Parishad organized fifth Mayor's Cup one act play competition ended on Friday. The competition began on Tuesday and was held at Sai Sabhagruh.It received a great response in terms of audience as well as participants who came from different parts of the state to compete. Apart from prizes at district levels, the Mayor's cup also provides a platform to various other groups from the city to showcase their talent in the field of theatre.Though many city-based groups won prizes at individual levels, it was a play named 'Manus Maza Nav' performed by Advati group from Amravati that hogged the limelight and won the first prize in the contest. The plays 'Shilpkoshthak' from Aurangabad and 'Visacha Ganit' from Pune bagged the second and third title respectively.Rupesh Pawar for his play Ratan received the best director award while Sanchi Jivne and Vishal Taral won the best actors female and male respectively.Awards were also given out for best writer, stage arrangements, music and lights.As tradition Mayor's Cup felicitated five people for extra ordinary performance in the field of theatre and drama.Prabhakar Deshkar for his enormous contribution to Rangbhoomi, Kashiprasad Chaurasia for producing and directing more than 150 plays and keeping Hindi plays alive in the hearts of the people of the city. Raju Hirani and Kishore Kulkarni were awarded for their contribution in directing. The yesteryear's actress Kamaltai Ambedkar, who worked in Marathi theatre for more than 50 years, was also felicitated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13102313", "title": "Dr Shukla refuses to indentify accused in Arya murder case", "text": "LUCKNOW: Who is lying? Former CMO (health) Dr AK Shukla or RK Verma, a civil contractor and alleged friend of slain deputy CMO Dr Yogendra Singh Sachan?Both Shukla and Verma are accused in the former CMO (family welfare) Dr VK Arya's murder case. While Shukla was arrested by the CBI last Sunday for his role in Dr Arya's murder case, Verma was arrested by the UP Police's Special Task Force on June 17 last year for allegedly hiring killers to shoot Dr Arya's successor Dr BP Singh.Amid contradictory statement by the two while they were brought face to face with each other, the CBI sleuths continued to burn midnight oil to unravel the mystery behind the murders of Dr VK Arya and Dr BP Singh.Dr Arya was sprayed with bullets while he was on morning walk near his house in Vikasnagar on October 27, 2010 while Dr Singh was shot on April 2, 2011in Gomtinagar. Both the murders were linked to the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam now estimated to be worth over Rs 5,700 crore.The STF on June 17 last year had nabbed three persons - RK Verma and two sharp shooters Anand Prakash Tiwari and Vinod Sharma. The STF had claimed that Verma hired shooters to kill Dr Singh at the behest of his friend Dr Sachan. He was also accused of orchestrating Dr Arya's murder.However, on June 22, Dr Sachan, who was already for his role in the NRHM scam, was found dead at an unused toilet on the first floor of the jail hospital. It was after this that high court handed over the investigation of NRHM scam as well murders of the two CMOs and death of Deputy CMO to the CBI.On May 6 midnight, CBI arrested Dr Shukla for hatching a conspiracy to kill Dr Arya. The agency has taken took Dr Shukla and Verma on two days' remand, making the latter also an accused in the NRHM scam.On Friday, when they were brought face to face, while Shukla refused to recognize him claiming not to have met him ever, Verma claimed to know Shukla well.Verma told CBI said that since he had been taking civil contracts under the NRHM, he used to meet Dr Shukla. He has met Dr Shukla on several occasions, he claimed before the CBI team. However, Verma reportedly denied having talked to Dr Shukla for any of the murders.However, Shukla refused to recognize him. The CBI sleuths then showed him the call detail records of Dr Sachan and Verma. The records clearly showed that Dr Shukla was making call to Dr Sachan and vice versa and then Dr Sachan making call to Verma. The time gap between the three calls is hardly of a few minutes, CBI sources said.Such conversations as per the CDR have been at least recorded on over half-a-dozen occasions between October, 2010 when Dr Arya was killed and April, 2011 when Dr Singh was murdered.However, Dr Shukla refused to find anything amusing in such conversations as according to him he had been talking to Dr Sachan for being his deputy and so did Dr Sachan. However, he denied knowing any conversation between Dr Sachan and Verma after or before Dr Shukla and Dr Sachan had held conversations.The CBI sources said that till now the interrogation of Dr Shukla has been more or less a futile exercise and hoped to get something out of him with over 12 hours of remand duration still left.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "13102220", "title": "Sarabjit's kin, activists hope ordeal would soon end", "text": "AMRITSAR: As the decks have been cleared for the release of Surjeet Singh after nearly 30 years of imprisonment in Kot Lakhpat jail, Lahore, the Pakistani right activists have once again rallied in support of hapless Indian prisoner Sarabjit Singh , who is lodged in the same jail. Pakistan's Punjab government recently informed the Lahore high court that Surjeet had finished his jail term and shall walk free once formalities are complete. Pakistan's former federal minister for human rights Ansar Burney, in a letter to Pak president Asif Ali Zardari on May 10, urged him to allow Sarabjit to reunite with his family in India.\"Sarabjit Singh has spent 21 years in the death cell and lost precious moments of life due to an unfair trial. It was a case of mistaken identity,\" said Burney on Friday.Hopeful after hearing reports of arrival of Surjeet Singh, Sarabjit's sister Dalbir Kaur said the grief would be over now. She said Burney and another right activist Awais Sheikh were hopeful that Sarabjit would be released soon.Sheikh has also taken up the case of another Indian, Madan Lal, who was reportedly seen for the last time in Bahawalnagar jail, Pakistan , in 1984.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13102137", "title": "Three held for stealing Rs 23 lakh from ATMs", "text": "PUNE: The Khadak police on Friday arrested three suspects, who, according to the police, stole Rs 23.35 lakh from three Automated Teller Machines (ATM) of a bank in the city. The police recovered Rs 18.75 lakh from their possession. The thefts were not reported by the bank as the transactions of ATMs were to be checked only after a period of one month, said the police. The arrests were made following a tip-off.According to the Khadak police, one of three arrested was employed with the company that deposited money in the ATMs on behalf of the bank. By using the password of the ATM, Mahadev Sandu Misal (20) of Balajinagar allegedly stole cash with the help of two accomplices -- Nikhil Chandrakant Gawde (22) of Dhanakwadi and Balaji Omprakash Joshi (28) of Balajinagar -- on April 26, May 6 and May 7 from the ATMs at Kharadi, Kondhwa and Maharshinagar respectively.Acting on a tip-off received by Eknath Kandhare and Pradip Shinde, constables with Khadak police station, a team led by inspector Sandipan Sawant made the arrests.Addressing the press conference, deputy commissioner of police (zone-II) R G Khaire said, the police team first nabbed Gawde on May 10 and Rs 2.75 lakh was found in his bag. \"Gawde told police that he withdrew the cash from the ATMs. During sustained interrogation, he revealed the role of three accomplices, of which two have been arrested and one is still at large. Investigations revealed the plot was hatched by Misal,\" said Khaire.\"Misal knew the password of the ATMs and also knew that most of the ATMs of that bank did not have security guards during the night,\" Khaire said.On April 26, the suspects went to the Kharadi ATM and stole Rs 5 lakh. The three first closed down the CCTV cameras in the ATM before stealing the cash, said Sawant.Similarly, the gang stole Rs 6.21 lakh from the Kondhwa ATM on May 6 and Rs 12.14 lakh from the ATM in Maharshinagar on May 7, said Sawant. The suspects were handed over to the Swargate police for further investigations. /mt", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13103328", "title": "School teachers win salary battle", "text": "MUMBAI: Teachers of St Xavier's High School in Nerul have a reason to celebrate. The Bombay high court on Friday passed an order in their favour and asked the school management to pay teachers in keeping with the Sixth Pay Commission with immediate effect.Activists feel this judgment will pave the way for payment of all schoolteachers under the Sixth Pay Commission.\"This has been a long fight but in the end, justice has been done,\" said a source associated with the school, adding: \"This should be a good example for other schools to follow.\" The management will also have to pay teachers arrears for the past one year. The issue surfaced in December 2010 when the schoolteachers refused to conduct classes till the management agreed to pay them under the Sixth Pay Commission.\"While in most cases parents are opposed to fee hikes, in our school, guardians understood our plight and agreed to pay the revised fees. Still, our school was not paying us what we deserved,\" said one of the teachers.Nobody from the school management was, however, available for comment.With the order in place, teachers of the school will now get almost double their current salary because till date, the school staff was not even being paid under the Fifth Pay Commission.Educationists and experts called it a landmark judgement, which would boost the morale of teachers. A government resolution on the Sixth Pay Commission, which was yet to be implemented in many schools, made it clear that institutes could hike their fees by no more than 50% in order to pay the revised salaries to teachers.Several schools, however, ended up hiking fees upto 80%.\"For years, numerous complaints have been lodged by teachers but exploitation by the authorities of schools continued. They hiked fees on the pretext of increasing teachers' salaries but never actually hiked the teachers' pay. Now, there's no way they can back out,\" said Jayant Jain, president of the Forum for Fairness in Education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102658", "title": "SC verdict hits BSY\u2019s comeback chances", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court order of a CBI probe is a setback for former Karnataka chief minister B S Yeddyurappa who was hoping for a comeback as CM, and interferes with BJP's plan to put its Karnataka house in order ahead of the challenges of state and Lok Sabha polls. Although the BJP strongly resisted Yeddyurappa's demand for reinstatement, its hopes of protecting its new-found dominance in Karnataka hinged on the Lingayat strongman's return to the helm in Bangalore.The setback for Yeddyurappa may ensure the continuation of Sadananda Gowda as chief minister: Hardly an appealing prospect for those who are worried about BJP's sliding graph in Karnataka.Asking the agency to treat the CEC report as \"informant's information to the investigation agency\", the SC said, \"The CBI shall undertake investigations in a most fair, proper and unbiased manner. The CBI shall complete its investigation and submit a report to the court of competent jurisdiction with a copy of the report to be placed on the file of this court within three months.\"The court expressed anguish over the CEC report pointing out the inaction on the part of government and statutory authorities to stop rampant illegal mining of iron ore carried out with impunity under political patronage in Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh.\"The facts reveal an unfortunate state of affairs which has prevailed for a considerable time in Andhra and Karnataka. The CEC has pointed out, and the complainant and petitioners have also highlighted, a complete failure of the state in relation to protecting the environment and minerals from being illegally mined,\" said Justice Kumar in the 46-page judgment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13107273", "title": "Trivandrum Lodge is set in Kochi!", "text": "The film is called Trivandrum Lodge but V K Prakash's film is set in Mattanchery in Kochi. \"Trivandrum Lodge is the name of an old lodge located in Mattanchery in the film, it's not in Trivandrum.The story of the film revolves around the lives of a group of people who stay in the lodge. The lodge is just a metaphor for the happenings in the film, which won't be having a conventional beginning, middle and end,\"\" says the director. \"It will be a tale of love, lust and longing. Each character evolves as the film progresses, from situation to situation.\" The actors have been seen in unusual looks for the film; Jayasurya with braces on his teeth and a chin curtain beard.Hopes are high on the movie, since it will see the winning combo of Jayasurya, Anoop Menon and VKP joining hands after the hit movie, 'Beautiful'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13102327", "title": "BMW accident: Cops question car owner", "text": "GURGAON: In a late night development, the Gurgaon police were learnt to have questioned the owner of the BMW car that was involved in a fatal accident near IFFCO Chowk. Sources said a senior police officer met Devender Shehrawat on Friday night.Earlier in the day, police had served a second legal notice on Shehrawat asking him to join the investigation, but he was not at home and his cellphone was switched off. Senior officers, including police commissioner K K Sindhu, had said they could take action against Shehrawat if he did not join the investigation. In reply to an earlier notice from the police, the car owner had claimed that his driver Rajesh, a native of Hisar district, was driving when the accident took place. He had also claimed that there were three persons in the car, including his son, Suraj.Investigators said Suraj's friend Daksh Jaiswal, who was also in the car, was not fit for statement till Friday evening since he had received injuries on the mouth and could not speak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13107207", "title": "Mom's the word for Bollywood beauties", "text": "Mother holds a very special place in our hearts. Hence it's no surprise that we all love to confide in her all our secrets and fantasies. So is the case with many cinema artists for whom mom is their world. On the eve of Mother's Day , we take a look at some examples from the industry...Aishwarya Rai Bachchan: The beauty queen can have people at her beck and call. However, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan prefers to stick to her mom. If not with the Bachchan family, the pretty woman can be seen in the company of her mother Vrinda Rai.Shilpa Shetty: Sunanda Shetty never shies away from speaking her mind. In fact after Shilpa's won Big Brother, her mom claimed on a TV chat show that she had predicted international fame for her daughter. An ambassador against racism, who became a household name in Britain, Shilpa Shetty always has her mom to stand by her.Sonam Kapoor: Her dad's an actor who's garnered international fame. However, Sonam shares a special rapport with her mom Sunita. Sunita Kapoor initially wanted Sonam to get married to a well settled man after completing her education. However, looks like she later had a change of mind after she seeing Sonam's talent. In one of he interviews for a music channel, the actress said that her mother and grandmother inspired her a lot.Esha Deol: The daughter of the famous Bollywood couple, Esha Deol has learnt many things from her mom. Knowing the functioning of the industry, Hema wasn't too keen on Esha joining movies. Hence, she encouraged her daughter to learn dance. However, Esha has her mom's backing ever since she proved her mettle as an actress in Dhoom. Interestingly, it is believed that even Hema Malini was accompanied by her mother Jaya Chakravarthy (film producer) for film shoots.Sushmita Sen: The former Miss Universe's mom has stood by her at all times. It is said that Subhra Sen filled Sushmita with a lot of confidence when she was competing as a model at international level. Same was the case when the model-turned-actress decided to adopt Renee, she had her mom's full support.There are other artistes too from the industry who rely on their mothers for any thing. Sanjay Leela Bhansali adopted his mom's name as a middle name as a tribute to his mom. Karan Johan is often accompanied by his mom Hiroo at film screenings, awards functions, special eventsHansika: Seema and Hansika Motwani have a great compatibility or at least so it seems by the vibes people get on the film sets. While mother goes out of her way to protect her daughter, Hansika too makes every effort to show her affection. Recently, she threw a surprise party for her mom in Hyderabad to celebrate her birthday.Trisha: The Mankathaactress shares a great relationship with mother Uma Krishnan. Trisha's mom has stood by her daughter's side through controversies and success. The mother-daughter duo has even shot an Ad together. Trisha believes in Uma's judgment and even said that her mom's can never go wring with the choice of movies.Sharanya: She's lucky to have parents from the industry to give her proper guidance. In one of the interviews the actress was quoted as saying that she's in perfect sync with her mother when it comes to movies. She also gets acting tips from mom Poornima Bhagyaraj.Sandhya: When the actress started her career, her caring mother Maya Ajit would accompany her to film shoots till she was sure Sandhya could manage on her own. Sandhya even said in her one of her interviews that though her mom's her greatest critic, she never restricts her growth.Mom's backing all the way Anusha Sharma's mom Ashima Amrita Rao's mom Nandita Rao Ekta Kapoor's mother Shobha Sanjay Leela Bhansali's mom Leela Karan Johar's mom Hiroo", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13101992", "title": "Colleges devise their own admission formulae to give students a fair chance", "text": "KOLKATA: Worried about the tough competition ahead for admission to an eminent college in the city? This year, it could be easier to calculate your chances of landing a berth in your coveted college. Following a government order and a diktat from affiliating universities which strictly bar discrimination between the various boards, colleges are creating their own formula to bridge the gap this year.Most have come up with a formula to even out the chances for students across the boards through an 'index score', which will be considered other than the minimum eligibility conditions to apply. Though it may not entirely eliminate the possibility of West Bengal board students losing out to their counterparts from other boards, which offer higher grades, it will offer a far more level playing field, believe the colleges. The state higher education department, too, is believed to be working out a formula on the admission process.Presidency University is, however, an exception in this regard. Till last year, it conducted admission tests for admission in all honours courses. The admission test score would then be added to the aggregate percentage to shortlist candidates. The procedure for this year has not yet been finalised.At Bethune College, a Bengali honours applicant is required to achieve 65% in aggregate, 50% in English and 65% in Bengali. Then the index marks will be calculated adding the percentage of aggregate to the percentage scored in Bengali plus 20 marks for students with Bengali as first language. To apply in psychology, 70% in aggregate and 70% in English is required. The index marks will be calculated on the basis of the aggregate percentage plus 2 multiplied by the English percentage. In order to apply for chemistry, you need 70% in aggregate, 70% in chemistry, 60% in mathematics and 55% in English. Then the index marks will be calculated by multiplying the chemistry percentage by two plus the percentage of physics marks plus mathematics percentage. To apply for mathematics, 70% in aggregate and 75% in maths will be required. The index marks will be calculated by adding the aggregate percentage and the percentage of mathematics multiplied by two.At Loreto College, admission tests are held for English, geography and history. \"We may discontinue with our history admission tests,\" said a senior teacher of the college. She added: \"We, too, calculate index marks. However, we take into account the marks of students in class X, XI and XII. Interviews are mandatory before a student is selected for a course in the college.\"Shri Shikshayatan College brings out three different lists for English, botany and journalism and mass communication for HS, ISC and CBSE students. \"These three subjects are very high in demand. Hence, in order to strike a balance between the boards, we bring out three different merit lists, one for each board,\" sources said.Lady Brabourne will have a uniform index rule for all subjects. It will be the best of four subject scores plus the best subject score divided by either two or five.At Asutosh College, students applying for English, for instance, will have to meet the requisite criteria of a minimum 50% marks in the aggregate and 45% in the subject or a related subject. Then their own formulae to select candidates will come into play. For English honours, it will be the aggregate of the best four subject marks plus two multiplied by the score in English. Similarly in physics, a student will have to meet the minimum eligibility of 50% in aggregate and 45% in the subject. Then the selection will be done on the basis of the score arrived at by multiplying the physics subject marks by two. It will then be added to the math score multiplied by two plus chemistry marks plus English marks plus physics marks. In political science, the eligibility criteria to apply will remain the same. But, the formula for selection will be - aggregate of top four subjects plus marks in political science multiplied by two. In psychology, the formula will be the aggregate of best four subjects multiplied by two plus 10% English marks plus 10% psychology marks. For microbiology honours, students will be shortlisted on the basis of their aggregate of the best four subjects plus biology marks multiplied by two plus the double of chemistry marks. \"These are our own formulae to rationalize scores between different boards,\" says principal Dipak Kar.In Scottish Church College, after meeting the eligibility criteria to apply, candidates will find their names on the merit list based on 'index marks'. The minimum eligibility criteria to apply for the 55 seats in English honours course is 60% in aggregate and 65% in the subject. The index marks will be calculated in the following manner: 20% of aggregate + 80% of marks in English. Similarly for the 55 seats in history, students are required to achieve 55% in aggregate, 55% in history and 55% in English or Bengali. The index score will be calculated on the basis of 30% of the aggregate plus 70% of the marks scored in history. Similarly, those applying for the 70 seats in mathematics honours will be required to achieve 65% in aggregate and 70% in mathematics. The index marks will be calculated by multiplying the math score by two plus marks in physics plus the English score.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13102145", "title": "Teachers eligibility test results to be published on May 14", "text": "PATNA: The result of the primary and upper primary teachers eligibility test (TET) would be published on May 14. Around 24 lakh aspirants for the post of primary teachers and upper primary teachers had appeared for the TET in the two rounds conducted in December, 2011, and February, 2012.The TET for primary and upper primary teacher aspirants for appointment in government schools was conducted with an objective to improve teaching quality in primary and middle schools, said joint director, primary education, R S Singh. He said after one month of the publication of the TET results, one lakh to 1.25 lakh posts of primary and upper primary teachers are likely to be advertised.At present, 3.24 lakh primary and upper primary teachers are working in 71,086 primary and middle schools for teaching 1.99 crore enrolled students. The present teacher-student ratio in primary and upper primary schools is 1:58. After appointment of another 1.25 lakh primary and upper primary teachers, the teacher-student ratio would improve to 1:40 which would be ideal for maintaining quality education as this ratio would make the teachers more attentive to the students, he said.As the government's focus is also on monitoring transparency in mid-day meal programme in government primary and middle schools, increase in number of teachers would help in successful execution of this programme, said an education department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13103366", "title": "'New system unfair to old buildings'", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite the claims of the civic body on having transparency and parity in the new capital value-based property tax system, citizens seem unhappy at the development.They feel that while a handful of new buildings that have come up after 2005 will benefit from the new system, several old structures will face a high rate of taxation.According to BMC data, 27% or 3.87 lakh properties will benefit from tax reduction, whereas 19% or 2.75 lakh properties will face a higher rate of taxation, which will be up to two times the original amount paid. The maximum number of such structures are found in Andheri-Vile Parle west (50,000), Bandra-Khar-Santa Cruz west (34,000) and Esplanade-Fort-Colaba (11,000).Anandini Thakoor, chairperson of the H-West Ward Welfare Association, said: \"I understand that expenses have risen. But to shift the burden to citizens is not justified. Residents of some old buildings will have to face a 100% rise in tax. The tax slab should have been lower.\"Many felt that the approval to collect rent in retrospect was unjust. AGNI coordinator Raj Kumar Sharma said: \"The state had to amend the present law to make it possible. The revised property tax should be levied from the time the revision is approved by the corporation.\"An official said there were legal provisions to charge people retrospectively. \"From April 1, 2010, we had been sending people provisional or temporary bills. It was clearly mentioned in the bills that payment would have to be adjusted once the new system was approved. As it might be a steep amount for many, we are likely to extend the due date of payment of bills till March next year without any penalty,\" he said.What New Property Tax Format Means For YouA Borivli resident will stand to gain more-in terms of percentage-than a person living in Cuffe Parade under the new capital value-based property tax system. While there will be a 54% reduction in property tax in the former, the latter will see a 37% decrease.In Cuffe Parade, tax levied under the old ratable value system was Rs 17.54 per sq ft per month. Taking into account the Ready Reckoner (RR) rate, which is Rs 34,330 per sq ft, the new property tax has gone down to Rs 11.10 per sq ft. In Borivli, the rate has gone down from Rs 4.99 to Rs 2.28.Meanwhile, civic officials said of the 700 RR pockets in the city, only 17 had properties with a capital value more than Rs 2.5 lakh, pushing their taxation higher than the rest of the city. However, compared to the old system, the taxes have come down. Nepean Sea Road is one such example. With an RR rate of about Rs 53,120 per sq ft, the new property tax is pegged at Rs 17.17 per sq ft per month, 41% less than the earlier Rs 29.11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13103533", "title": "NRHM scam: Shukla received 4.5cr to manipulate contract", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pradeep Shukla, senior IAS officer and former principal secretary (health) of UP government, allegedly pocketed crores in the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam.Documents available with TOI show that around Rs 4.50 crore was allegedly paid to Shukla, one of the main accused in the scam, and a few other officials of Uttar Pradesh Project Corporation Limited (UPPCL) by private companies, including Surgicoin Equipment Pvt Ltd, to bag the contract to set up modular operation theatres and air condition handling units in 36 hospitals in the state.Shukla was arrested by the CBI on Thursday. He allegedly used his official position to help Surgicoin bag the contract and was given Rs 1.25 crore as advance. In this particular contract, Rs 26.66 crore was given to Surgicoin for upgradation work and there was a loss of Rs 25 lakh per hospital to the exchequer as the tenders were invited in a manner to suit the company.The advance bribe money was allegedly collected by a Delhi-based conduit of Shukla - Ashok Vajpayee. \"Girish Malik and Manvender Chaddha of Surgicoin approached Shukla and requested him to influence UPPCL officials so that upgradation work was awarded to their company. Shukla agreed in lieu of 5% of the total tender amount. Shukla was to be paid Rs 1.25 crore as advance for the favour. Accordingly, a sum of Rs 50 lakh was paid by Naresh Grover of Surgicoin to Ashok Vajpayee as per the direction of Pradeep Shukla. The remaining amount was paid to Vajpayee at his Lucknow residence and to Shukla at his residence by Girish Malik, Grover and Chaddha,\" a CBI document said, adding, \"The work was done at substantially higher rates than the then prevailing market rates,\" the agency added.As part of conspiracy, Shukla allegedly influenced Devender Mohan (then MD of UPPCL), who in turn connived with Ravinder Rai (GM commercial), S B Pandey (GM technical), M K Jain (then project manager) and Masood-ul-Hasan (then GM UP project corporation).Around Rs 4.50 crore was allegedly paid to Shukla by private companies to bag the contract to set up modular operation theatres and AC units in 36 hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13104047", "title": "Students put up useful models at techno fest", "text": "BHOPAL: National Technology Day was celebrated at the Regional Science Centre on Friday. A unique exhibit called virtual reality was inaugurated on the day. An exhibition called techno fest was also put up wherein the students from technical background presented models in the exhibition.Praveen Joshi from Truba College had prepared a robotic hand which was connected through a wireless connection. He said, \"The robotic hand is useful where human hands are unable to reach. The hand can be controlled up to a distance of 40 metre.\"Two students from the IES group of institution had prepared a three phase switching system. Explaining the model, students said that by applying the three phase switching system there will be no power cut. A security sensor has also been put up that will automatically control the phase temperature and in case of high temperature it will automatically switch off. The model would also help overcome the problems of short circuit.An exhibit called virtual reality was also inaugurated by regional science centre education officer Charudutt Pullivar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "13104379", "title": "Two students held for murder", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Two engineering students were arrested on Friday in connection with the murder of an automobile trader here.The duo, Manas Ranjan Parichha of Sorada and Arjuna Kar alias Muna of Buguda, were final year diploma engineer students of a private technical institute on the outskirts of the town. They were living in a private mess at Bijipur area. They allegedly shot at K Madhu, an automobile trader, last week. The main accused in the case is still at large.Madhu died on Thursday evening while undergoing treatment at a private hospital at Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh, police said. \"We have already identified the main accused in the case and looking for him,\" said IIC (Town police station) S S Mohapatra. He used the two engineering students for killing Madhu, with whom he had some differences regarding some monetary matter, police added.Police said at least three bike-borne miscreants fired four rounds at him, when he was at his two-wheeler showroom at Dharama Nagar here on May 3. Madhu was admitted to MKCG Medical College and Hospital here first and then referred to Visakhapatnam. He died after struggling for life for about a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13103835", "title": "Civic polls: Counting of votes to take place at Govt Polytechnic", "text": "KANPUR: The district administration is busy making preparations for civic elections scheduled to be held in June. The political parties have also started gearing up for the polls. It is expected that the officials of the State Election Commission would be coming to city on Saturday to review the preparations.The preparations are expected to be completed by the end of this month. A district official said that voting would be held in three phases from mid June.In the first phase, election for nagar panchayats would be held. In second and third phase election for palika parishads and nagar nigam would be conducted. The votes would be cast through electronic voting machines, which have been kept in the Government Polytechnic.Meanwhile, the prospective candidates have started lobbying in Lucknow to get tickets.District magistrate MP Agarwal, DIG Amitabh Yash and other district officials inspected the Government Polytechnic on Thursday where the EVMs are kept.Counting of the votes would take place at the polytechnic. Tables would be placed in 18 rooms. Votes polled in two wards would be counted on a table. The officials also discussed the barricading of the area during counting.Meanwhile, the nagar nigam elections would be held in 110 wards in the district. There are 25 wards each in nagar palika parishad in Ghatampur and Billhaur. Bithoor nagar panchayat has 10 wards and Shivrajpur nagar panchayat has 11 wards.There are a total of 19,98,347 voters in the district. A total of 7,200 ballot units and 5,250 control units are there for the election purpose.There are 479 polling centres and 1,966 polling booths in the district. Out of 1,966 polling booths, the district administration has identified 756 as highly sensitive and 817 sensitive. The authorities have decided to appoint 110 sector magistrates and 22 zonal magistrates to ensure that the civic body polls could be conducted peacefully and fairly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13102781", "title": "Leopard hit by vehicle on highway, dies", "text": "A female leopard, which had entered a village to drink water, was run over by an unidentified vehicle on the Mumbai-Ahmedabad national highway in Palghar on Wednesday .The animal's body was spotted by motorists. The location where the animal was found is pitch dark at night and vehicles driving at a speed of 100 kmph may have failed to apply brakes on spotting the animal, said forest officials, Manor division. They rushed to the spot fearing that the animal's paws and other body parts would be robbed.The post mortem revealed that the leopard died due to head injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13101799", "title": "Canadian govt to partner with Startup Village", "text": "KOCHI: The Canadian government has said that it is keen to enter into collaborations with Startup Village, a Kochi-based public-private partnership model technology business incubator. A visiting Canadian delegation this week, comprising Sara Wilshaw minister (commercial) and Ivy Lerner-Frank, first secretary, education, science &amp; technology, was impressed by the technologically updated infrastructure at the Startup Village at the Kinfra Hi-Tech Park in Kalamassery, according to a statement.Sanjay Vijayakumar, chairman, Startup Village, said, \"This marks the start of a long journey where we are working hard to help incubate technology product startups in our country. In partnership with the Canadian government, we will be able to bring in high quality technology that can be leveraged by startups to build globally scalable products. The exposure to technology for Indian startups in partnership with global companies like RIM from Canada will get a big boost with Ms Wilshaw's visit to Startup Village.\"The Village is mentored by Infosys co-chairman Kris Gopalakrishnan and supported by companies like Canada's Research in Motion (RIM), the developer of Blackberry mobile handset. Annie Mathews, head-developer relations with RIM, is currently on the advisory council of Startup Village.The Canadian Government already works with the venture capital community and incubators such as Grow Labs at Vancouver and Extreme Startups of Ontario , Canada.Sijo Kuruvilla, CEO, Startup Village, was also present during the discussions with the Canadian representatives.The Start Village was inaugurated last month by Kris Gopalakrishnan and is a joint venture of the Kerala government, the department of science &amp; technology and private companies. It will impart special focus to fostering innovative companies in the telecom domain and incubating them into successful business enterprises.The Village will provide research facilities for 4G applications development and will feature special 'innovation zones', advice on intellectual property rights and registration and videoconferencing facilities. Investors in the Village will be entitled to a three-year tax holiday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13092513", "title": "Kangna eyes an LA pad", "text": "Real estate is no more just a matter of investment or acquiring property. It's about owning the choicest addresses, making a power statement and in Bollywood, it's more about being with the 'in' crowd.And while most young actors are busy shifting their pads to the glam capital of Bollywood - Bandra, we heard that there's one star, Kangna Ranaut , who is already basking in her Hollywood dreams. At least where real estate is concerned.A close friend of the actress revealed that Kangna had always wanted to own a house abroad. And while many before her, have owned property outside the subcontinent (Shah Rukh Khan and Amitabh Bachchan own houses in Dubai's Palm Island), the actress wanted her own pad in a snazzier address. \"A few months back Kangna had visited Los Angeles and had set her heart on one apartment. At that point in time she wasn't too sure, but recently she made up her mind and bought it,\" the friend told Mirror.However, Kangna is keeping her new big investment a secret. Though one even got a sneak peek into her new apartment, thanks to the display picture of her phone messenger, the actress is keeping her lips tightly sealed. In fact, when we asked her about her LA flat, she told us, \"I haven't bought any house in LA Anyways the property market in America is really bad.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13101774", "title": "Metro station may come up at Jos Junction", "text": "KOCHI: The Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) has decided to consider the demand for setting up a metro station at Jos Junction with the intention to facilitate a link with West Kochi.In a meeting convened by metro authority on Friday, Kochi corporation, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) and other agencies put forward the demand to connect metro rail with Fort Kochi and other western regions. Following this, KMRL managing director Tom Jose agreed to make a joint field visit to inspect the site for constructing a station.\"This move is expected to lay the foundation for future development. KMRL will have to shift the location of the station from the premises of Maharaja's College Ground to the Mullaserry canal side if a station comes up at Jos Junction,\" said KMRL spokesperson. The metro body has asked KSEB, KWA, Kochi corporation and other agencies to gear up for shifting utilities. These agencies have been asked to submit a report before May 19. \"As the metro rail passes through a few panchayats and municipalities, these local bodies will also have to cooperate,\" he said.In the meeting, it was also suggested to incorporate the metro station proposed for Vytilla in the first floor of Vytilla Mobility Hub. Consultants will be appointed to study the design. \"A final decision will be made based on the report submitted by the consultant,\" said the spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13101907", "title": "South Central Zone Cultural Centre to hold 'Love Birds' today", "text": "NAGPUR: One swallow does not a summer make, they say. Perhaps that is why, repeated efforts are being made by environmental enthusiasts to save bird population of city. The latest initiative is the event tantalising titled 'Love Birds' to be held on Saturday.Organised by South Central Zone Cultural Centre (SCZCC) in association with Pin Drop Sound Events, the three hour event from 7 am to 10 am, will have a slew of activities to serve the cause of a wide variety of birds whose numbers are fast dwindling. The venue will be SCZCC and Temple Road in front of MLA Hostel. The event entails putting up 200 bird houses on the trees inside the centre as well as those that line the Temple Road.A painting competition having birds as its theme will also be organised by AlagAngle, and about 70 children of Gandhibagh and Wardhaman Nagar skating clubs, dressed in white as birds, will perform to focus attention on the plight of this tiny winged creatures.Promising to make the event a treat for nature lovers, Milind Patil of Pin Drop Sound Events said that the ever increasing number of buildings in urban areas was wiping out nesting grounds from the city. \"We hope to bring back the happy sounds of chirping and tweeting by providing an opportunity to these birds to nest and breed in these boxes.\"The aesthetically designed wood boxes have been sponsored by SCZCC along with Amol Dhake of My Fin Planner.com. Pramod Kanetkar, secretary of Indian Society for Animal-Human Welfare, who created the bird houses said that these were scientifically designed. \"We utilise recycled pine wood, which is used as packing material. Pine wood remains cool in summers and warm in winters and it also maintains the temperature required for hatching.\"He added that the dimensions have been gradually improved upon and now they do not require much nesting material. \"Birds gather dried twigs, cotton threads, gauze and pieces of thin rope to make a nest. These materials are now not available to birds in abundance,\" he added.The bird boxes are suitable for magpies, sparrow, laughing dove, maina and bulbul. Kanetkar said that they need not be put on trees alone. Even placing them on plain walls or some nooks and corners in the house at a height can be useful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13102791", "title": "Muslims will not be treated unjustly: Rakesh Maria", "text": "MUMBAI: State anti-terrorism squad (ATS) chief Rakesh Maria on Friday assured a delegation of Muslim leaders that the police would not treat members of the community unjustly.The group met Maria to appreciate his efforts in rehabilitating youngsters who crossed the border for terror training but returned with a change of heart. \"I am trying to create a better tomorrow. If my department or my men are committing a mistake, let me know so that I can take action,\" Maria said. \"I also want to dispel the misconception that the Muslim community has about law enforcing agencies.\"Last month, TOI reported on how a youth went to Pakistan for terror training but later surrendered to the ATS after he realized that he did not want to be part of such activities. Following in his footsteps, five others also approached the agency, seeking its help.\"Whenever, there is any festival of non-Muslims, terror alerts are sounded in which Muslims are portrayed as suspects. Photographs are released, sending wrong message about the community. We want these things to stop,\" said M A Khalid, an activist. Another activist, Farid Batatawala, said they were happy with the ATS' work but hoped that the police would not frame innocent Muslims. \"Till I am in this office, you will not find injustice,\" Maria told the team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "brown road", "code": "13103428", "title": "Transformer poses threat to residents", "text": "BROWN ROAD: A transformer installed beside the road without any insulated cover has been posing a risk to residents of Rehri Mohalla, along Brown Road.Sonu Bajaj, a resident and a garment store owner from the locality, says, ''Being installed at ground level, this transformer poses threat to residents. Without an insulated cover, it could be fatal and the risk is high during evening hours, as children might wander close to it.\" The department concerned should raise the height of the transformer or relocate it to a safe location, Bajaj adds.Sachin Kumar, a Class X student from the area, says, ''The risk due to the transformer is higher during rains. Children play cricket on the street and move closer to it, not realizing the danger. They should give it an insulated cover or shift it from here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "13102038", "title": "Lightning kills 12 in North Bengal", "text": "MALDA: Ten persons were killed after being struck by lightning in North Dinajpur on Friday. In Malda, lightning claimed two lives whereas a boat capsize left three dead.10 persons were killed in North Dinajpur while 5 in Malda in lightening and boat capsize. 7 died in Karandighi alone and one each at Chakulia, Kaliagunj and Goalpokhor of North Dinajpur. The dead includes a family of husband, wife and son at village South Kochra under Karandighi while two brothers both of whom were minors were killed at village Srinandighi. The storm and lightening killed one at Gazole block and one at Chanchal of Malda.At around 11.30am on Friday, thunderstorm lashed various parts of North Dinajpur. In South Kochra village, some labourers were working in the field when the thunder struck. They took shelter under a thatched roof where lightning struck, killing four people. Three of a family - Akalu Das, 40, his wife Budho Das, 35, and their son Kajal Das, 8, died on the spot. Thirty-five-year-old Atul Chandra Das also died.It is learnt that around 11.30 am when the sky suddenly became dark and huge thunderstorm and lightening started at a vast area in North Dinajpur and Malda. Labourers working in the paddy field took shelter under a thatched roof beside the filed. But the lightening struck there which killed Akalu Das (40) his wife Budho Das (35) and their son Kajal Das (8) on spot. Besides, Atul Chandra Das (35) also found dead in lightening.Two brothers - Md Ibrahim, 10, and Md Israil, 12 - met the same fate in Srinandighi village when they were working in the field. While 40-year-old Nur Islam died after being struck by lightning, Azhar Ali, 30, was found dead beside his house. Lightning claimed the lives of two women - Milan Das, 40, in Kaliagunj, and Parvina Khatun, 35, in Goalpokhor.Similar fate was awaiting two brothers Md Ibrahim (10) and Md Israil (12) of village Srinandighi who were working in the field and could not escape the lightening. One Nur Islam (40) too died struck by lightening. Besides, Azhar Ali (30) was found dead in a jungle beside his house. Some women were working in the jute filed at Kaliagunj who were injured by lightening. When they were taken to hospital, one Milan Das (40) succumbed to her injury. Three more were hospitalized. Another woman of Goalpokhor named Parvina Khatun (35) died of lightening.In Malda, five persons died in a boat capsize while two died after being struck by lightning. Five persons were killed in Malda in boat capsized and lightening. Meanwhile at list 300 houses were fully damaged in storm at Gazole block. Electricity and road communication has been disrupted at Gazole and part of North Malda.Thirty-five-year-old Dulali Das of Sadarpur went to the field to save her cattle but was struck in lightening. Later, one more death was reported from village Bajesahil of Gazole police station but the man was not identified. DM Pasang Norbu Bhutia said, \"The victims will be compensated as per government norms. Block administrations were directed in this reagard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102604", "title": "Biker menace grows as cops look other way", "text": "NEW DELHI: As Syrian national Abdulsalam Ghriwati and his wife stepped out of their hotel in Green Park Extension on April 18, a hand reached out and snatched the woman's handbag. Shocked, the couple watched their holiday plans, savings of $7,000, passports and credit cards disappear in the din and smoke of bike exhaust.Less than a week later, on April 22, Shakarpur teenager Aman Man died in a bike accident at India Gate, allegedly trying to pull off a stunt. His friend Anmol, who was riding pillion, was severely injured.Numerous such incidents over the years have made 'bike' a byword for crime and risk in the city. From petty snatchers to bank robbers and contract killers, criminals now use bikes to strike and get away quickly. And with the passing of the evening rush hour, important roads around India Gate, Connaught Place and ITO transform into courses for performing stunts and races.But instead of cracking down on bikers breaking the law and endangering others' lives, police here seem content to prosecute for routine violations, such as not carrying documents.Last year, only 27 bikers were challaned for speeding, and this year, till April 30, three have been caught. Where 6,567 riders were caught driving dangerously last year, only 649 have been booked for the offence in the four months to May - less than six a day.Police insist they are serious about reining in bikers - citing more than 11 lakh prosecutions last year and more than 3.4 lakh so far this year - but even they accept that their drives have had little impact against riders who endanger the lives of other road users.While last year's police records show that two wheelers alone accounted for over 36% of all prosecutions, senior officers admit the actual number of violations by bikers was much bigger. Traffic police officials say they have 610 crack riders who can chase and challan bikers riding dangerously, but they are counting on powerful speed cameras that are likely to be inducted soon to crackdown on serious violations by bikers.Police say they target two wheeler riders only around important dates for security reasons. On Thursday night, TOI witnessed a drive against two wheelers. Within two hours starting 10.30pm, 157 riders were caught.\"There are a large number of cases after 10 pm when two wheeler riders assume traffic police will not be around. We have decided to post teams to check these tendencies at night,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Most of the violators were caught without helmets, speeding, riding triple and even drunk. Many more were found without licences and registration papers. Police say bikers are involved in nearly 80% of the detected one-way violations and about 60% of all drink driving cases.(First of three parts)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13103407", "title": "Alumni decry Mumbai University rot", "text": "MUMBAI: This year, exam season in Mumbai University has been a testing time (pun intended) for students even by the varsity's normally shoddy standards. Hall tickets not reaching students in time, examination centres being changed at the last minute, question papers leaking and wrong papers surfacing in the exam hall added considerably to the student community's stress levels. Now, as the latter await their results, there's more angst in store-to put examiners who have struck work in their place, the university, in a vertiginous fall even by its own standards, has reduced the minimum qualification necessary for this job. Teachers with a mere one year of teaching experience will now decide the career of hundreds of thousands of final-year students.Eminent citizens-those who attended Mumbai University and went to its affiliated colleges during its more illustrious days-unsurprisingly responded with anger and dismay. Historian Arun Tikekar went nostalgic about the days when the university had teachers who never looked at their watches and would continue discussions till the next prof walked in. He says the university has a lot to correct in its classrooms and out of them too and expressed the hope that public-spirited people will raise their voices against the regular bungling that takes place here.Actor Farooq Sheikh believes, like most others, that Bombay University, as it was called in his student days, has been gradually eaten away due to political interference. \"The glorious days will come back only if someone files a PIL in the high court and the judiciary comes down heavily on the university and directs it to uproot the rot,\" he said. Former India hockey captain Viren Rasquinha, on his part, likened the university to the deplorable state of Indian hockey and said the institution had reached a new low in the measure adopted by it to get papers assessed in time. \"Lowering eligibility is no solution,\" he said. \"There should be a system in place by which smooth and efficient examinations are conducted and immense accountability while correcting examination sheets is also exercised.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13103629", "title": "Jafri provoked Gulbarg mob: SIT report", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Supreme Court-appointed SIT has endorsed the 'action and reaction' theory of Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi in the Gulbarg society massacre case, saying that firing by former MP Ehsan Jafri led to killing of 69 people in 2002.The SIT has given clean chit to Modi, in a specific allegation made by Zakia Jafri, the widow of slain MP Ehsan Jafri, that Modi made objectionable statements in an interview to a TV channel and a newspaper invoking Newton's law of 'action and reaction'.The SIT has said that as per the correspondent of the private TV channel, Modi referred to Jafri's firing as \"action\" and massacre that followed as \"reaction\".\"During the interview, when questioned about Gulbarg massacre in which Jafri was killed, the CM referred to reports that Jafri had first fired at the mob, which provoked the mob and thereafter, it stormed the housing society and set it on fire,\" the SIT report said, quoting the CM, \"Kriya pratikriya ke chain chal rahi hai. Hum chaete hai ke na kriya ho, aur na pratikriya.\" These utterances by Modi are not sufficient to make out a case against him, says SIT. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "13103053", "title": "Metro expansion to Loni approved", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Decks were cleared for Metro rail extension towards Loni in Ghaziabad on Friday following a green signal by the empowered committee and cabinet. A meeting was held in this connection in Delhi which was attended by Ghaziabad Development Authority vice-chairman Santosh Yadav.The GDA vice chairman told TOI that the proposal under Mass Rapid Transit System recommended by the empowered committee was produced before the cabinet on Friday. \"Approval has been given to the project and soon UP government will submit its cost share and work will be started on the Metro extension,\" he added.Earlier, the GDA had agreed to share a third of the cost of constructing a station at Johari Enclave. The fillip for expansion of the Delhi Metro came after GDA stressed the need for the transport system in the city. \"The estimated cost of the project is Rs 282 crore and UP will have to contribute Rs 60 crore,\" Yadav added.Apart from sharing the cost, UP will also be giving a part of the land in Ghaziabad for the development of the station. The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation has planned a station at Johari Enclave, proposed to be built on a 3km extension of the Yamuna Vihar line to Shiv Vihar in the third phase of expansion of the Metro network. Some part of land required for the station is in Uttar Pradesh.The extension is part of the new 56km Mukundpur-Yamuna Vihar corridor, which will connect areas in north, south and east Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "panaji/margao", "code": "13103757", "title": "Regional Transport Office nets over Rs 2 crore in fines", "text": "PANAJI/MARGAO: It's been a windfall of sorts for the transport department's enforcement wing with the north and south divisions earning over Rs 2.09 crore by way of fines for the period April 2011 to March 2012.While erring motorists in North Goa contributed Rs 1.07 crore to the state exchequer, those in South Goa weren't too far behind, coughing up over Rs 1.02 crore as penalties.The figure in the northern district is an increase of Rs 24.40 lakh for the same period of the preceding financial year, while in the southern district it's an increase of Rs 43 lakh, the department having netted Rs 59,59,850 in the 2010-11 period.Data obtained from enforcement authorities in the North show the department collected Rs 1,07,39,550 from 4,658 cases of violations ranging from overloading of mining ore to not producing documents.Reacting to the 1,049 cases of overshooting permissible weight-which earned the North Goa enforcement wing the largest amount as fines, Rs 57.12 lakh-transport director Arun Desai told TOI, \"Fines on ore-carrying trucks form the bulk, but it also includes overcrowding of buses.\"In the South, cases booked for overloading of vehicles fetched the department Rs 52.21 lakh-also the highest amount in this district-followed by offences pertaining to using vehicles without proper registration and \"unworthy conditions\" that netted Rs 17.11 lakh.Non-production of documents ranked top on the list of offences booked in the North, with the 3,034 cases earning the RTO Rs 2.97 lakh as fines. Using a vehicle without registration saw 730 offences and Rs 18.26 lakh as fines, while 832 cases of allowing unauthorised persons to drive vehicles netted Rs 6.05 lakh as fines. Unauthorized persons driving vehicles earned the RTO in the South fines worth Rs 7.33 lakh, while cases booked against vehicle drivers for driving recklessly earned the department Rs 9.33 lakh.In the North, driving without licence saw 852 cases and Rs 4.43 lakh as fines, while violations of prescribed standards for road safety, noise and air pollution saw an additional Rs 3.32 lakh collected.Sources in the office of the directorate of transport (enforcement), South, said the steep rise in the amount of fines corresponds to the rise in the number of mining trucks in the district.Desai said that while the new government will be looking to mop up additional revenue through strict enforcement, it has not set any collection targets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13102719", "title": "Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus to get 100-bed AC dormitory", "text": "MUMBAI: CST will soon get a 100-bed air-conditioned dormitory.\"Nearly 50% of the beds will be reserved for women passengers,\" said a Central Railway (CR) official.\"The dormitory will be boon for long distance and suburban passengers. For example, if a person has missed his last train, the passengers can book a dormitory to avoid fleecing by cabbies, who charge exorbitant fare during the night,\" he added.CR has already opened similar facilities with locker facilities at Thane and Kalyan stations.The dormitory will also benefit long-distance passengers, who visit the city for a short period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13104045", "title": "'Stop anything hitting ecology'", "text": "The Bombay high court (HC) on Friday observed that anything affecting ecology and forests cannot be allowed. It was hearing a public interest litigation (PIL) urging that work on the Kondhane irrigation dam, being built on the Ulhas river in Raigad district, be stopped.A division bench of Justices D D Sinha and V K Tahilramani was hearing a petition by four activists, including Mayank Gandhi, a coordinator of India Against Corruption , which said there had been large-scale corruption in the construction of dams in Maharashtra. They alleged that the state's water resources department had been sanctioning dam projects without the water regulatory authority's clearance.Their advocate, Mihir Desai , argued that the Kondhane dam was similar to the Kalu dam issue in respect of which construction has been stayed by the HC. \"In fact, this is a 10 times worse case. It is the same developer,'' he said.Desai submitted that 260 acres of forest land was affected and no permission had been obtained from the ministry of environment and forests. He said the railway authorities have issued a stop-work notice as it was on the Mumbai-Pune railway line and was likely to affect it. \"The work order issued for Rs58 crore within a month went up to Rs360 crore,'' said Desai. He said two of the petitioners have land in the area and when they sought information under the Right to Information Act, they stumbled upon these startling facts and decided to file the PIL.When the judges asked at what stage the work was, Desai replied that the governor had ordered a probe and urged the court to stay work. \"If the governor has ordered an inquiry, obviously the government may ask the work to be stopped,\" said Justice Sinha. But Desai added, \"Work keeps going on and on.'' The judges said it being the last working day of the regular court, they were unable to hear the matter. The state government and developer, F A Constructions, will file replies before June 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13103004", "title": "State told to file reply on Right to Information word limit", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Friday told the state government to file a reply within six weeks to a PIL challenging the limitation of one subject per application and limitation of 150 words for information under the Right to Information Act.A division bench of Justices D D Sinha and V K Tahilramani was hearing Shivaji Kshirsagar's plea challenging the January 16 notification to amend the Maharashtra Right to Information Rules 2005. His plea said the notification was against the objectives of the Act and would cause harassment to citizens. He urged the court to quash the notification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13102096", "title": "Driver found dead in transport vehicle at Kondhali", "text": "NAGPUR: A middle-aged man was found dead in the driver's cabin of a 3-wheeler transport vehicle parked on Amravati-Kondahli National highway on Friday. Sanjay Kangale was a resident of Tekdi Wadi. He is survived by a wife and two children.According to the Kondhali police, the passers-by informed them about the body in the driver's cabin. On investigating the spot, cops found an identity card and the papers of a private company. Police said, the vehicle was loaded with some equipment.Company's paper and I-card helped police find out that Kangale was a driver at a private company in Wadi and would regularly transport the company's material. Initial investigations reveal that on Thursday Kangale was on his way to Kondhali to unload the material and got killed on the way.No stab injuries or blood stain were found on Kangale's body. Hence, initially police had registered a case of accidental death. However, after the preliminary autopsy report was revealed, a murder offence was registered.Doctors mentioned the cause of death to be strangulation. The body also has some red marks around the neck, said police.Cops are still interrogating the company owners about the cleaner accompanying him on Thursday night. \"The cleaner is missing and hence we suspect his involvement in the murder. We are searching for his location,\" said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "superheroes may have been daring and heroic but it seems there's one thing they fear", "code": "13107125", "title": "Spiderman's afraid of getting caught in Bol Bachchan's web", "text": "Superheroes may have been daring and heroic but it seems there's one thing they fear: Bollywood movies!Hollywood film \" The Amazing Spiderman \" was due to release on 3 rd July, 2012 across India and US. But this movie would have been close on the heels of Rohit Shetty's much anticipated \" Bol Bachchan \" starring Ajay Devgn, Abhishek Bachchan, Asin and Prachi Desai in the lead, which is releasing on 6 th July, 2012!According to the grapevine it is believed that the makers of ' The Amazing Spiderman ' have decided to pre-pone the release of the film by a week and release it on June 29 th against the earlier date of 3 rd of July sensing competition from the elite ensemble star cast of \"Bol Bachchan \". We hear that the makers definitely wanted to play it safe &amp; give the super-hero film lovers an uninterrupted treat over the weekend.One of the most talked about projects of 2012, \" Bol Bachcha n\" is promising to be an action packed comedy film! The film marks the return of the magical combination of Rohit Shetty and Ajay Devgn with another potential blockbuster!!Confirming the news of the preponement is Kercy Daruwala, Managing Director Sony Pictures said \"Yes, the Marc Webb film featuring Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone will release in the end of June, since July 3 rd would have been a Tuesday and considering the Indian market Friday is an important day so we decided to advance the release to June 29 th .\"Well, looks like July will be definitely be an action packed month for movie lovers!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13103740", "title": "Tension in Mysore as protest turns violent", "text": "MYSORE: Tension prevailed near FTS Circle after a four-hour-long protest by the residents of Gandhinagar, Veerangere and NR Mohalla turned violent on Friday. The protesters were demanding the arrest of miscreants who damaged the portrait of Dr B R Ambedkar at the circle.Police resorted to mild lathi-charge, quelled teargas shells and fired rubber bullets to disperse a section of protesters who hurled stones at them. In the incident, DCP (law and order) Basavaraj Malagatti and a dozen cops were injured. Some of them were treated at Krishna Rajendra Hospital as out-patients.The vehicular movement near the circle on Bangalore-Mysore Road was affected from 7am till noon. Vehicles entering Mysore from Bangalore and those bound to the state capital from here were diverted to another route. City bus services were also affected on the routes for nearly four hours.The residents gathered near the circle and staged protest, demanding the police to immediately arrest those who damaged the portrait. Members of Jai Bheem Youth Association and Gandhinagar Nagarika Hithrakshana Samiti staged a road block, and burnt tyres.Former mayor Purushotham told TOI that it is a deliberate act by miscreants who are opposing the construction of Ambedkar Mantap there. \"The Rs 18-lakh project is still pending and we demand the civic authorities to speed up the works. The police should step up vigil by installing CCTVs at the circle,\" he said.Association member Balaram said they came to know about the incident around 7am. He, however, claimed that the protesters didn't indulge in violence.DCP Malagatti said they used mild force to disperse the protesters -around 300 in number - after they vent their ire on on-duty police by hurling stones at them. About 13 policemen, including the DCP, were hurt. He said they have booked cases against the protesters on charges of rioting and unlawful assembly.Later, Malagatti held a meeting with leaders and appealed to protesters to maintain peace. Earlier, police commissioner K L Sudheer and mayor Rajeshwari Puttaswamy visited the spot and tried to pacify the agitators by assuring them action against miscreants.Lashkar police and NR Mohalla police are investigating the incident. Meanwhile, the top cop said they have enforced ban orders till midnight on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13101830", "title": "Sabarmati Central Jail: Inmates become fathers despite no bail or parole", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Recently, when inmate Savita Savli got pregnant after 14 months' stay in Sabarmati Central Jail, a local court ordered an inquiry. It was found that she mingled with her husband, lodged in the same jail, during visits to court. Police escorts not only allowed the couple privacy, they even bolted the van's door from outside. District judge G N Patel ordered to shelve the inquiry on grounds that it was consensual sex and there was no grievance from any quarter.In another case, the principal sessions' judge had to set up an inquiry into how a prisoner fathered a child, especially since he was not granted bail or furlough for two years. A few months ago, local gangster Gova Rabari had sought bail for a week to remain with his wife and a new-born. The bail application claimed that the child was conceived with IVF technology. The court permitted Rabari to stay with his family for two days under tight security, but at the same time the judge asked the investigating officer in the case to report on how Rabari's wife became pregnant.The cops could not answer a number of questions including how Rabari's sperms reached the lab from the prison.Two years ago, gangster Abdul Wahab Baloch was released in a TADA case after spending 17 years in Sabarmati jail. Among people who came to receive the gangster was his 14-year-old son.Wahab was not released for a moment during all these years because the state government had invoked section 268 of CrPC prohibiting his movement outside the jail premise, not even to hospital in critical situation.He was not released by jail authorities even after he completed 14 years' term awarded to him. It took a Supreme Court order for his release.Sabarmati jail superintendent R J Parghi said, \"In case of Savita and Ramji, it was found out that they got privacy in police van when they were taken out for production before court. It was negligence on part of police escort party, and an inquiry against them is going on. There were some incidents reported in the past, but usually jail inmates meet their family members when they are taken to hospital.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13103841", "title": "5 year on, 'not an inch' of airport land freed", "text": "India's largest urban relocation programmethe Mumbai airport slum clearance projectis a virtual non-starter five years after its commencement. Till today, barely any shanties have been cleared from the airport's encroached land and yet the builder appointed to remove the shanties and rehouse slumdwellers has earned an estimated Rs 2,000 crore from the project.The Housing Development and Infrastructure Ltd (HDIL) was in 2007 given the task of rehabilitating around 85,000 slum families encroaching on 276 acres of airport land on its own plots a few kilometres from the airport site. So far, the developer has built about 10,000 tenements in Kurla. For this, it has received transfer of development rights (TDR), which it sold and reaped a windfall of Rs 2,000 crore.On the ground, however, little difference has been made. TOI learnt that until now less than 500 of the 85,000 slum families have been relocated to new houses. HDIL said the onus of shifting people lay with state government agencies and its task was only to build tenements on its land. The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA ), the nodal agency for the project, said these 500 families were moved recently since they were coming in the way of the new Sahar elevated road from the western express highway to the international airport.\"Not an inch of the encroached 276 acres has been freed up,\" admitted a senior MMRDA official, adding that the project may be inordinately delayed.Sources said that 40% to 50% of the slumdwellers on airport land are ineligible for rehabilitation-one of the prime reasons why the project has failed to take off. The state had extended the cut-off date for these slum residents from January 1995 to January 2000. This meant that only the slumdwellers residing at the spot prior to 2000 are eligible for free housing under the project.Mumbai International Airport Ltd, which has the mandate to operate and modernize the Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport, signed an agreement with HDIL in 2007 for the slumdwellers' rehabilitation because it wanted to free up 276 acres of its encroached land for airport expansion . A portion of this land was marked for expanding aeronautical facilities, while the remaining was to be commercially exploited by HDIL.Hariprakash Pandey, HDIL's vicepresident (finance), said the company received about 1 crore sq ft of TDR over the past three years, most of which it sold at an average price of Rs 2,000 a sq ft. This TDR was sanctioned by the Slum Rehabilitation Authority (SRA) after HDIL built over 10,000 tenements for slumdwellers on its land in Kurla.\"The tenements are ready for people to move in, but there is confusion over who is eligible for these houses,\" said Pandey. HDIL has earmarked land at five locations for 33,000 tenements to rehouse the airport slumdwellers. Of these, 23,000 units are expected to come up on part of HDIL's 53-acre Kurla property.But state officials said this is barely a third of the tenements required for the airport relocation project. \"No way will the state offer its land to HDIL to rehabilitate the remaining slumdwellers ,\" said an official. Pandey claimed the company had sufficient land to accommodate all the slumdwellers but refused to reveal the locations.An SRA official said it has handed over 2,000 tenements built by the developer to MMRDA to rehouse slumdwellers. \"We will hand over another 7,000 flats in the next couple of months,\" said the official. However, the MMRDA said it took possession of about 650 tenements and has allotted about 475 so far.In 2008, the Vilasrao Deshmukh government gave a major sop to HDIL by increasing the floor space index (FSI) to 4 for the airport slum clearance project. The file was put up on June 6, 2008, and the order enhancing the FSI was out two weeks later. The government justified the step on the ground that it was a 'public interest project' . The FSI increase allowed the developer additional construction on slum land, which would give it windfall profits under the free sale component. Subsequently , the state increased FSI for all slum rehabilitation projects in Mumbai from 2.5 to 4.Yet To Take OffThe PlanIn 2007, Mumbai International Airport Ltd awarded the airport slum rehabilitation project to the Housing Development and Infrastructure Ltd (HDIL). The largest urban rehabilitation scheme in the country, it entailed shifting people living on 276 acre of encroached airport land to free up the space for airport expansion. As part of the deal, HDIL was expected to build and provide eligible slumdwellers free housing on its land within a radius of 2 km from the airport in seven years. In return, HDIL was to get a couple of crore sq ft of land in transfer of development rights (TDR)People To Be RelocatedAbout 85,000 families or around 3.5 lakh peopleSome Relocation SitesPremier Automobile land, Kurla17,523 TenementsPopular Car Bazar land, Andheri1,528 Tenements", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13103798", "title": "Chronicler of history loved &amp; loathed", "text": "Disturbed by the repercussions of the political decision to break up the unity of the subcontinent, that famously came to be called as the Partition, the man, Saadat Hasan Manto, who chronicled 1947's epic dislocation with telling insight, sensitivity and even-handedness stands on his 100th birthday as a crusader of humanity re-bonding the people who were only recently friends. That's what right-thinking evangelists from both India and Pakistan believe. In his time, Manto was much loved and loathed.Fifty-seven years after his death, Manto is still causing a passionate debate, bringing about a constant flow of his fans through the hi-tech manned check posts bordering the rival nations.As the two countries continue to feast on Manto's centenary celeberations, which began on Friday at his birthplace - Paproudi village in Samrala, near Ludhiana- his admirers say they are thankful to the cult Urdu writer for showing them that humanity has not been killed with human depravity. And, here lies a strong 'aman ki asha' that this iconic writer gives rise too.\"My father had the power of looking into things with a magnifying glass. He looked at everything he saw as a thing to be narrated, told and then discussed. We wish his writings had brought the nations together,\" said Nighat Patel, Manto's daughter, from Pakistan.\"Manto is a metaphor for the 20th century. He is a symbol of humanism. An icon that embodies what was once the hospitable Hindustan,\" says author and poet Nirupama Dutt, who chaired a session on him at the Jaipur Literature Festival this year by revisiting what is perhaps his most famous story, 'Toba Tek Singh.'Manto wrote with ease on prostitutes, pimps and criminals, often shocking his readers and earning him sharp criticism. \"Every age has its Manto who dares to break taboos, laying bare the socio-political miseries. And, our very own Manto did it poignantly just by penning stories,\" says Dutt.Manto's daughters fail to get visasSaadat Hasan Manto's daughters would be unable to visit their father's birthplace near Punjab's Samrala town for his 100th birthday celebrations as their visas could not be processed on time. \"We were told by the foreign ministry that visas cannot be processed at a notice of less than five days,\" Manto's eldest daughter, Nighat Patel, said from Lahore . Nighat was due to arrive in India along with her sisters, Nusrat Jalaal and Nuzhat Arshad, on Saturday for the three-day celebrations that began on Friday. The three had applied for their visas on Monday. Nighat said she was still hopeful that the Indian government may intervene in the visa process and expedite it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13103296", "title": "Power cuts force elderly to sweat it out at the district treasury office", "text": "COIMBATORE: Sweat trickles down 70-year-old C Balakrishnan's brow as his discomfort turns into anger for he has been standing for over three hours in the long queue at the treasury office in the district to get his photograph taken and added to the treasury records along with their personal data. But power outage and lack of proper facilities for people waiting outside the office are taking a serious toll on them. Most of them have been waiting at the office as early as 9am but only to be told that the power will return at 3pm.\"It is very difficult for us to wait here till power supply is resumed but we have no other alternative. Most of us are above the age of 60 and our physical condition is extremely weak,\" Balakrishnan added. Ironically he was an employee of the treasury department before his retirement from government service.Hundreds of senior citizens were waiting inside the district collectorate complex for their turn to get photographed for the digital muster records to be maintained for official reference at district treasury office. Many of them were squatting on the floor and few others had managed to find space on the discarded tables kept at the waiting area outside the office. One of the pensioners waiting outside the district treasury office had swooned at the complex on Thursday and had to be taken to the hospital in an ambulance after waiting for hours in the line.\"If we leave the queue, we will lose our position in the line and will have to wait longer,\" said C James, a 78-year-old who was accompanied by his wife A Jayamani, a retired government school teacher from Valparai.The officials at the treasury also expressed their helplessness as none of the five computers attached with webcams have UPS power back up yet. They also added that the mustering exercise where the pensioners are asked to appear in person with their personal documents and photographs to be cross checked by the treasury officials are conducted yearly. But the government is now initiating an e-pension project which will ensure the creation of a digital database of the pensioners as the entire system is about to go online in a few months.\"Some of us have not even eaten anything in the morning as we want to get this formality completed. It is very inhuman to treat us in this manner,\" said Jeyalakshmi, a 64-year-old retired professor from Government Arts College in Coimbatore.The treasury department had plans to install or hire a generator claimed a senior treasury official but she added that it did not work out and the proposal was dropped. Ironically the main district collectorate building adjoining to the treasury has generator support for the complex.The mustering exercise began in April and will be conducted till the end of June, pensioners who fail to get their photographs taken will not be paid their pension amount from August onwards claimed treasury officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "13103677", "title": "CID team in Dandeli for investigation", "text": "KARWAR: A CID team arrived in Dandeli on Friday to probe the murder of Madan Nayak, Assistant Conservator of Forests (ACF), Dandeli.The state government had transferred the ACF murder case to CID on Wednesday following allegations that the Dandeli rural police had not handled it properly. The CID officials --- KP Bheemaih, SP, and BB Ashok Kumar , DSP --- visited the spot where the ACF was allegedly attacked by a group of tourists from Bagalkot. They held discussions with Subhash Gudimani, additional SP, Uttara Kannada, and other local officials.Meanwhile, the alleged delay by the Dandeli police in sending information about the arrest of Aravind Chauvan, an employee of the Dandeli City Municipal Corporation, and his wife Shailaja Chauvan, and Anand Sign, an engineer with KPTCL, has kicked up a row.All the three are government servants and are in the custody of police on the charges of murdering Madan Nayak. Friends and relatives of Nayak have alleged that the Dandeli rural police have deliberately withheld the information about their arrests from the government departments concerned. They said that it is mandatory on the part of the police to give information about the arrests to the respective departments.DK Shivakumar, deputy director of education, Sirsi education district, said the police have not given information about the arrest of Shailaja Chauvan, a teacher, to the BEO of Haliyal taluk. Once the information is received, the department will act as per rules, he said.The officials of Dandeli City Municipal Council said that police should have sent a copy of FIR and information of arrest of Aravind Chauvan to CMC officials. Even four days after the arrest of Aravind, no such information had come from police. ``Once the police inform us about the arrest, we will the inform deputy commissioner who will take action,'' the CMC sources said.Sub-inspector of police Dandeli Rural station Praveen Nilammanavar said all papers about the arrests had been forwarded to the departments concerned on Thursday itself and would reach them on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13103283", "title": "Supreme Court imposes interim ban on sale of Wakf properties", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday imposed an interim ban on any transaction related to Wakf properties in Maharashtra and directed all parties to maintain status quo.\"We direct that in relation to Wakf properties, as distinct from trusts created by Muslims, all concerned, including the charity commissioner, Mumbai, shall not permit any of the persons in management of such Wakf properties to encumber or alienate any of the properties under their management till a decision is rendered in the pending special leave petitions,\" said a bench of Justices Altamas Kabir, J Chelameswar and Ranjan Gogoi.The special leave petitions had challenged the Bombay high court's decision to vest powers of management and supervision of Muslim Wakf estates in Maharashtra in the charity commissioner. The HC had noted that the state Wakf board had not been properly constituted and that there could not be a vacuum in administering Wakf and the properties vested in them.The three-judge bench said the question before it was whether the HC had the jurisdiction to make such orders in the writ jurisdiction and vest the management of all Wakf properties in the charity commissioner.It said there was a vast difference between Muslim Wakfs and trusts created by Muslims. While Wakf properties are dedicated to \"God\" and the dedicator does not retain any title over it, in the trusts, the property is not dedicated to \"God\" and the owning trust retains title over its property.The bench said: \"In the present case, the difference between trusts and Wakfs appears to have been overlooked and the high court has passed orders without taking into consideration the fact that the charity commissioner would not ordinarily have any jurisdiction to manage Wakf properties.\"\"In our view, it would be in the interest of all concerned to maintain the status quo and to restrain all those in management of the Wakf properties from alienating and/or encumbering the Wakf properties during the pendency of proceedings before this court,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13103758", "title": "Artificially ripen melons pose health threat", "text": "KANPUR: Everyone is tempted towards red and juicy watermelons being sold in markets by roadside vendors. But beware of extra redness you see in these watermelons. According to health experts, there is indeed something suspicious behind the sheen.Melons are a popular fruit of summers though its demand decreases after the arrival of mangoes. Yet this fruit tempts every passer-by because of its attractive shape and colour. But before you buy this red goodie, think twice as this redness may not be good for heath.\"Most of the watermelons being sold in the market are very red and juicy. But one must remember that watermelons become sweeter only after 'loo' starts hitting the region. As loo is still not blowing over the state how these melons have turned so red and juicy,\" said an official of food and drug department.This implies that most of the watermelons being sold in markets nowadays are ripen by artificial methods. Vendors offer bright red pieces of melons to consumers who buy the same without even thinking of its adverse effects.According to the health experts, vendors have apparently started injecting a red dye into the fruit to give it a bright red shade. These colours are toxic and may cause deadly diseases.'A spurious red colour injected into watermelon gives it an attractive shade. Even the round shape can be an indicator for buyers as most of them have been ripen by exposing to carbide that generates ethylene gas which gives out heat that in turn helps the fruit to ripe fast and in proper shape,' said the FDA Official.He added that this pernicious practice of using harmful colours in foods to simply make food look attractive, is not restricted to watermelons alone. Even vegetables are not spared. Lady-fingers, pumpkin, brinjal are also adulterated. Apart from poor enforcement of the Prevention of Food Adulteration Act, the consumer's ignorance is the bigger apathy which allows adulterators to get away with such practices.\"In fact, during summers, it is not just the watermelon that is infused with red colour. Since vegetables tend to dry up quickly, they are also given a coating of colour to make them look fresh,\" said Dr Shailendra Tiwari, physician at Ursala Horseman hospital.According to the expert, the colours used in artificial ripening of fruits and vegetables include sudan red, methanol yellow and lead chromate.\"Carbide which is used to ripen the fruit is harmful for liver and kidney, while methanol yellow can cause cancer , stomach ailments and degeneration of the male reproductive organs. Lead chromate can causes anaemia, brain damage and blindness. Whereas, sudan red is also harmful for stomach and digestion,\" added Dr Tiwari further.He further added that there is no other way to check this illegal practice other then the consumer awareness. People must go for seasonal fruits and vegetables and in case of any health hazard consulting a doctor immediately is the only solution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13102287", "title": "Nagpur: Medical college teachers to continue paper evaluation boycott", "text": "NAGPUR: Teachers at both medical colleges in the city have decided to continue with the boycott of the forthcoming practical examination of medical students in June. This follows a similar decision by the central body of the Maharashtra State Medical Teachers Association (MSMTA).MSMTA branches at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) and Indira Gandhi Government Medical College (IGGMC) held their general body meetings on Friday. They announced that the protest would continue against the apathy of the state government with regard to long pending demands of the teachers.\"We had withdrawn our strike only because the minister had promised to look into all our demands at the earliest. But the GR for non-practice allowance or NPA is nowhere in sight,\" said Dr Samir Golawar, vice president of central MSMTA in state and secretary of MSMTA at GMCH.A meeting to discuss the issue was held at IGGMC too in the leadership of Dr S Kubde. The MSMTA unit in the college decided to boycott the practical examinations being held by Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS).Main demands of MSMTA include time bound promotions, payment of arrears to lecturers, 35% NPA and an overall increase in teachers in medical colleges and super specialty hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13103267", "title": "Malad puppy 'killer' held", "text": "MUMBAI: A 35-year-old man was arrested under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act for allegedly killing a stray puppy at Orlem in Malad (W).Animal welfare officer Shashikant Kotian told TOI: \"Late on Thursday, some residents of Orlem saw Sunil Rajkumar Chintakunta pick up a stray puppy before fatally smashing its head on the ground outside Ramji Compund. The locals immediately informed me about it, and I lodged a complaint at the Malad police station.\"Kotian, who was assisted by animal lover Lavina Fernandes, said the police arrested the accused and sent the carcass of the puppy for post-mortem to BSPCA in Parel. The post-mortem confirmed that the puppy received a fatal internal head injury. Activist Ganesh Nayak of Animals Matter To Me said: \"Such prompt police action should act as a deterrent for others.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13103512", "title": "Envious cousin kills merchant navy officer", "text": "CHENNAI: A 29-year-old merchant navy ship second officer, who lived in Maduravoyal, was kidnapped and murdered by his cousin and five others, including the cousin's friend and his relative, police said on Friday.Police found a charred body on Wednesday and identified the victim as B Dillibabu. Investigating officers arrested Dillibabu's cousin V Gokul and his friend Karmegam, who confessed to the May 6 murder. They have launched a search for Gokul's brother-in-law, Bhoopalan, and two of his associates involved in the crime.While investigators are yet to determine the motive for the murder, they suspect that Gokul was envious of his cousin's professional success. Gokul had also taken a loan from Dillibabu and their relationship had been strained for some time.Police said Gokul confessed that his brother-in-law, Bhoopalan, his friends Sundar and Raj Kumar, and Karmegam abducted Dillibabu and killed him.Dillibabu got married to an MBA graduate, Ramya, a few months ago and had recently passed an exam that qualified him to captain a merchant ship.\"He went to attend a family function in Tiruvallur district on May 6 and returned at 8.30pm,\" joint commissioner of police (west) K Sankar said. \"Since there was no space to park his SUV at his house, he parked it in an apartment complex nearby.\" Dillibabu received a call on his cellphone and met four people that night, witnesses told police.\"Gokul and his associates pushed Dillibabu inside the SUV and beat him up before they strangled him,\" the officer said. \"They burnt the body in a burial ground in Thiruvannamalai and abandoned the vehicle at the spot.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "13101717", "title": "Lejin was murdered in school, say police", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The police team and the forensic medicine wing of Alappuzha Medical College investigating Lejin Varghese murder case confirmed that he was murdered by his classmate inside the school compound.The team led by Pulinkunnu circle inspector S Binu and forensic medicine wing head and police surgeon K Sreekumari inspected St George Higher Secondary School, Muttar and the murder spot on Friday.\"We confirmed that Lejin was murdered by the accused inside the school compound,'' circle inspector (CI) S Binu said.\"We got blood samples from the school tap located near the girls' cycle stand and also collected blood-stained sand from under the tap. The accused had earlier said that after murdering Lejin, he had washed his hands and the clothes by using the water from this tap. The tap was also handed over to forensic science wing for detailed examination,'' the CI said.Meanwhile, the school authorities demanded the state government on Thursday that the case should be handed over to the crime branch for further inquiry.The team also decided to seek police custody of the accused for collecting more evidence on the case.The police and the forensic science wing, which reached the murder spot around 11.30 am on Friday, spent around two hours at the school.According to the police, the 14-year-old Lejin, hailing from Peringara grama panchayat, was murdered by his classmate on Monday to avenge a petty clash between the two. Both of them were students of the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13102154", "title": "56-year-old woman injured in freak mishap", "text": "PUNE: A fifty-six-year-old woman was injured in a freak incident on Wednesday afternoon when a small cylinder used in soda-making machine, which was being transported on a two-wheeler, exploded and one of its parts pierced her stomach.The incident took place on Shivaji Road near the Dagdusheth Halwai Ganpati temple.According to Amit Janorikar, the victim's son, \"The incident took place around 1 pm on Wednesday. Two persons were carrying the cylinder on their two-wheeler.\"\"Suddenly the cylinder exploded due to pressure, and a part of its lid pierced my mother, Rohini Janorikar's, stomach. She sustained severe injuries and was immediately taken to a hospital by the police.\"Rohini was operated upon, and is at present recovering from the injuries.Police sub-inspector Bansilal Hile of the Faraskhana police station said that the police on Friday arrested two employees of a company in this regard.Mahesh Alhat (28) and Rizwan Pathan (29) have been charged under sections 286 (Negligent conduct with respect to explosive substance), 336 (Act endangering life or personal safety of others).They have also been charged under section 337 (Causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13102119", "title": "Directorate of Revenue Intelligence seizes private firm's crane at National Thermal Power Corporation, Barh", "text": "PATNA: Acting on specific information, a Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI), Patna , team on Thursday seized a crawler crane owned by the Navyug Engineering Company Limited, Vishakhapattanam, which was being used in the National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC), Barh, project work.The Japan-made crane was imported from Vietnam through Mumbai port. Incidentally, the value of the machine was declared at Rs 14 lakh only. However, the value of the said machine has been assessed by the DRI team at approximately Rs 36 lakh while the value of a new machine is around Rs 1 crore. The said crane had been seized for evasion of customs duty, said DRI sources.In the past, too, seizures of other machinery worth around Rs 19 crore owned by the same company had been seized at the same place NTPC , Barh, by the DRI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13103689", "title": "Four dead in two separate road accidents", "text": "MADURAI: Four people died in two separate road mishaps at Manamadurai and Madurai rural limits on Friday morning. Chandran (36) from Veerapandi in Salem district was on his way to Rameswaram on a pilgrimage along with his family members. When they reached Rajaghambeeram in Manamadurai police limits in Sivaganga district, the driver Nagaraj lost control of the van which rammed into a stationary lorry on the highway.Chandran and his relative Shanmugasundaram (40) died on the spot while eleven others of the family sustained injuries. Manamadurai police rushed to the spot and rescued the injured. They were rushed to a private hospital in Madurai. Manamadurai police have registered a case in this regard. Police said that the van driver was at fault and as he was one among the injured he was not secured by the police.In another accident, a couple was killed when the van they were travelling in collided with a jeep at Nottampatti near Usilampatti in Madurai district. M Gemini (42) and his wife Lakshmi (38) from Thimmarasanayakanur in Theni district were travelling for a family function in Madurai. When they were waiting for the bus, a load van offered to pick them up.The couple boarded the vehicle and were standing at the rear. When the vehicle manoeuvred a sharp curve in Nottampatti, a jeep travelling from the opposite direction collided with the van. Due to the impact, Gemini and his wife hit against an iron rod in the vehicle and sustained severe head injuries. They were rushed to Usilampatti Government Hospital but succumbed to the injuries on the way to the hospital.Ten other passengers who were travelling in the van sustained injuries and were treated in Usilampatti GH. Usilampatti taluk police have registered the case and are on the lookout for the van driver. Police said the van driver was responsible for the accident as he allowed the passengers to travel in a load vehicle. \"We are trying to trace the driver through the registration number and he will be arrested soon,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "13104371", "title": "Security tightened at Indian Oil Corporation Limited in Paradip", "text": "Kendrapada: Security at the oil refinery of Indian Oil Corporation Limited (IOCL) in Paradip was tightened on Friday after an alert from central agencies about a terrorist threat to oil houses across the country.A large contingent of police force and CISF personnel combed the fields around the refinery with the help of sniffer dogs and explosive detection gadgets to prevent any attack on the oil refinery, said Sitanshu Sekhar Mishra, senior commandant of CISF in Paradip. People were being frisked at checkpoints and all vehicles plying in and out of the port town was under police and CISF vigil, Mishra said. \"Barricades are up on various roads, and every vehicle is under scanner. Only registered vehicles can go past the refinery gates. The security arrangement is complete,\" Mishra added.The Coast Guard and the Indian Navy also deployed two ships near Paradip to prevent any terrorist attack on the oil refinery and other places in the port town of Paradip, said Coast Guard commandant in Paradip S K Ramva.\"Police raided suspected hideouts of terrorists. We, the Coast Guard and CISF men are ready for any situation,\" said a senior police officer in Paradip. Police also conducted a security drive to check arrangements at the Indian Oil Corporation (IOC)'s office and other establishments. Heavy police force reinforced by commandoes and CISF personnel was deployed in and outside the IOCL office in Paradip, the police officer added. He said a general alert had been issued on terrorists' plan to target IOCL in the state.Deputy general manager of Paradip-Haladia pipeline division V K Sati said, \"We are helping the police, CISF and other security agencies in their works to prevent any attack on the pipeline.\" Executive director of the oil refinery M Vijaya Vargia said, \"We are giving security measures top priority.\"Security men were also guarding the 330 km-long, 30-inch diameter crude oil pipeline from Paradip to Haldia, police said. The Coast Guard, marine police and CISF men were guarding the single point mooring (SPM) system in the offshore waters of Paradip as well, said a senior marine police officer in Paradip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13106529", "title": "Sharmila Tagore regales Dhaka", "text": "Sharmila Tagore and Pranab Mukherjee were India's honorary guests at a cultural summit in Dhaka on May 6 to celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore.And Sharmila has returned deeply impressed by the the interest in the work of Tagore in Dhaka. Though she feels there was ample curiosity and interest generated in India for the great event, Sharmila was more impressed by the deep reverence that the Bangladeshis showed for Gurudev. \"To them in Bangaldesh Tagore is as vital as it is to us in India. But here we tend to make cultural events a celebrity gallery. I was most impressed by their enthusiasm. The primeminister of Bangladesh Sheikh Hasina was at the event. And though there many dignitaries at the event Rabindranath Tagore remained the centre of attention at the event.\"This was Sharmila's second visit to Dhaka. She returns to the city soon when a similar cultural summit to celebrate the art and poetry of Kazi Nazrul Islam is being planned. Says the actress, \"I met several academicians and intellectuals during my brief visit. I wish I had the time to see more of Bangladesh. But I return to the country soon again. There are many points of similarities between the Bengali culture in India and in Bangladesh. I think we need to explore those points of similarity.\"At the moment it's quits to film acting for the glorious Sharmila. She was apparently approached to star opposite her old co-star Soumitra Chatterjee in a film by Rajshri Ojha. Sharmila has decided not to work in that project. \"I read the script. And I didn't like my role. Much as I'd love to work with Soumitra again, at this stage I am looking for new challenges.\"She says she has moved on from acting. \"I've moved away from the whole burden of putting on makeup, going in front of the camera. I hope it's just a phase. But at the moment I am not enthused by film acting. At the end of the day, film is a commerce. And films today are for about and by the very young. Films like Vicky Donor are very interesting. I'd rather try new experiences like reciting Rabindranath Tagore's lines in Dhaka, as I did on 6 May.\"Sharmila laments the absence of inspiring roles. \"I enjoyed this Turkish film called Once Upon A Time in Anatolia which I saw in Muscat when I chaired a jury at the film festival. The film just blew me away. It reminded me of Satyajit Ray. It captured the human side of life. Such films make me wonder why can't we make them. Religion used to be the opium of the masses. Now it's cinema. But where are the roles for me? I am content with what am doing. I'm not interested in stereotypical roles. Look at what Zohra Sehgal is playing at her age. Sharmila Tagore can't be playing Sharmila Tagore all her life. No no, I am not holding my breath for the roles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13103860", "title": "Mango fest adds bite to summer", "text": "NASHIK: A 10-day-long Alphonso mango festival commenced on Friday in Nashik with the objective of providing naturally ripened Alphonso mangoes directly to customers.The exhibition organized by the Konkan Udyog Paryatan Vikas Kendra (KUPVK) at Nashik District Central Co-operative bank (NDCCB) was inaugurated on Thursday by the Nashik Agriculture Produce Market Committee (APMC) chairman Devidas Pingle.Around 17 farmers, from Guhagar, Dapoli, Kolshi, Vengurla, Ratnagiri, Devgad, Rajapur, Lanja and other parts of Konkan, are participating in the festival. The farmers have a stock of around 3,000 boxes (10 kg per box) of Alphonso mangoes for sale. Other mango varieties also on sale include Payari and Keshar. Prices are in the range of Rs 300 to Rs 1,200 per dozen.\"Presently, artificially ripened mangoes are being sold in the city on a large scale. The Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) had recently carried out raids seizing mango produce that is artifically ripened using harmful chemicals. But consumers in the city now have an opportunity to get original and naturally ripened Alphonso mangoes from the Konkan belt during the current festival,\" Pingle said.Speaking to TOI, Datta Bhalerao, office-bearer of KUPVK, said, \"We have been organizing the festival in Nashik since 2004 with an aim to make original and naturally ripened Alphonso mangoes grown in the Konkan belt, available directly to consumers in Nashik. Around 17 farmers have participated in the exhibition, which will open by May 20.\"Bhalerao added that KUPVK had tied up with 35 farmers from the Konkan belt.The organization puts together annual Alphonso mangoe festivals in Thane, Mumbai, Pune and Nashik.\"Exhibitions were recently held in Thane, Mumbai and Pune, and were very well- received. Last year, Alphonso mangoes nearly worth Rs 48 lakh were sold during the festival in Nashik. We expect a good response this year too,\" Bhalerao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13104011", "title": "Engineering student commits suicide, third incident in 10 days", "text": "BHOPAL: Another engineering student allegedly committed suicide in the city late on Thursday. This is the third incident in the past ten days when engineering student committed suicide.The police said the deceased, Abhay Kumar, 20, was a native of Uttar Pradesh. He was a student of Gyan Ganga Institute of Management and Technology and lived with his uncle Ashok in Patel Nagar.The body was founding hanging in his room on Thursday night. The police have also recovered a suicide note in which the deceased stated that he was opting for the extreme step as he was unable to meet the expectations of his family. He also urged the police not to trouble his family after death, the police said.The police said the deceased had flunked examinations and the same reason probably goaded him to commit suicide. The body was handed over to the family members after autopsy, the police added.A social problem: PoliceThe police have expressed helplessness in controlling such incidents. The officials maintained that suicide is last stage of depression. Only fellow students or teachers can make out from behaviour of a person and avert the incident by counselling him or contacting the family. Rising cases of suicide is a social problem and not of a particular city, the police added.Dozen students ended lifeMore than a dozen medical and engineering students committed suicide in the city in the past few months. Last week, a student of the RKDF college, Pancham, was found hanging in his hostel room on May 5. More than 150 students were booked for creating ruckus after the student's suicide. While on May 4, Anoop Tiwari, 18, another student of a private engineering college, had also chosen the same way to commit suicide. The body was also found hanging in his room in Jehangirabad area. The deceased was in depression after he flunked examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102551", "title": "Bus Rapid Transit trial run from today", "text": "NEW DELHI: From Saturday morning, you can drive on the bus lanes on the BRT corridor. As part of their study of the Ambedkar Nagar BRT corridor, the Central Road Research Institute (CRRI) will conduct a trial run from May 12 to May 17, wherein vehicles will be allowed to move freely on any lane including the dedicated bus lane.This means that all right-turning traffic will be allowed to travel on the lane next to the central verge, which is currently reserved for buses on the BRT. Straight-moving traffic will be allowed on the second lane while buses will travel on the leftmost lane, as in other stretches. The discharge of traffic will be studied accordingly, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13103715", "title": "Directorate of education's order against Chowgule struck down on grounds of natural justice", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa set aside the order of the directorate of education (DoE), which had rejected the application filed by Chowgule Education Society and another to close its higher secondary school at Margao, as the DoE failed to follow the principles of natural justice.During the hearing of the case, the petitioners' counsel, senior advocate S D Lotlikar, argued that while rejecting the approval for closure of the higher secondary school, the DoE has taken into consideration the representation made by the teachers. The representation made by the teachers was not brought to the notice of the petitioners, hence the order was passed in breach of the principles of natural justice, he added.Lotlikar also stated that the petitioners are entitled to reply on the representation made by the teachers serving in higher secondary school.After perusing the order, the high court stated that the DoE has taken into consideration the representation made by the teachers and has observed that the action of the petitioners has 'created a sort of anxiety and fear in the minds of the teachers'. The high court observed that the order is liable to be set aside as the DoE did not put the 'petitioners to the notice about the representation made by the teachers'.The high court directed the DoE to give a copy of the representation made by the teachers to the petitioners within one week.Thereafter, the petitioners shall submit their say, if any, on the representation within a period of one week , the court stated.The court has directed the DoE to pass a fresh order on the application made by the petitioners within a period of four weeks, from May 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13102144", "title": "Three criminals held", "text": "PATNA: Three hardened criminals were arrested by a Patna Police team on Friday near Teachers' Training College on Sumati Path under Sultanganj police station on Friday.SSP Amrit Raj said that acting on a tip-off that some criminals had assembled on Sumati Path and were planning some crime, the team led by Patna City SDPO Sushil Kumar carried out a raid there and arrested these criminals. He said the criminals have been identified as Suraj Kumar, Chisti and Shailesh Kumar and added the criminals were earlier involved in several crimes.The SSP said that the team recovered three new countrymade pistols, seven live cartridges, besides four cellphones from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13102894", "title": "Chavan tells Congress ministers to pull up socks", "text": "MUMBAI: A few days after party general secretary Rahul Gandhi aired his opinion on the lack of coordination in state Congress cadre, CM Prithviraj Chavan has told Congress ministers that the party high command is not happy with their work and they must pull up their socks.Chavan, who was reviewing the performance of all Congress cabinet and state ministers, is believed to have communicated to them that party ministers are slacking in the state and there is an immediate need to do some introspection with an eye on the 2014 elections. \"There is an immediate need to shift focus and expedite progress, especially of the central-funded schemes in the rural areas of Maharashtra, the CM conveyed to us,\" said a senior Congress functionary.Gandhi has recently toured the drought-affected areas in Maharashtra and reviewed the party's progress in the state. He was informed of the infighting within the party rank and file, following which he is believed to have said \"only Congress can defeat Congress\". This was followed by Chavan's meeting with prime minister Manmohan Singh and Congress president Sonia Gandhi , where he was told that the party needs a better strategy in the state to deal with its coalition partner NCP. \"The NCP, at this point, has the upper hand as far as performance is concerned,\" said a Congress party member.In the last assembly election, the party has contested on as many as 174 seats but managed to win only 80. During the meeting, Chavan passed on several other instructions to the ministers-including focus on ministries with greater interface with people, constituency where the party ended on the second position in the last elections and efficient spending of legislator funds for better benefit of the party.The state cabinet is likely to see an expansion after the assessment of the ministers is complete with at least three more ministers to be sworn in and existing portfolios reshuffled. However, Chavan has said his priorities are appointments on vacant posts of the statutory committees and boards.Rahul Gandhi recently reviewed the party's progress in the state. He was informed of the infighting within the party rank and file, following which he is believed to have said \"only Congress can defeat Congress\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13103037", "title": "Linking Road stalls get Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation notices, show-cause likely", "text": "MUMBAI: Several stalls on Linking Road could face the axe for violating their license conditions. The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has issued notices to all 145 licensed stalls on Linking Road number 33, 32 &amp; 35, for breaching license conditions.The first warning notice was sent in December 2010, but with little changing on the ground, a second notice and an inspection report was issued to the licensed stalls on April 17, 18 and 19 this year. The civic body now plans to issue a show-cause notice towards the end of this month, under 313(a)(b) of the MMC Act, for infringement and failing to comply with the conditions. \"If they fail to comply with the conditions after the show-cause notice, we will cancel and demolish their licensed stalls,\" said Vijay Balamwar, deputy municipal commissioner (encroachment removal).\"The commodity for sale was found to be other than that approved. At some places the pitches were converted into two stalls. Goods were kept hanging outside the stall on traffic islands and footpaths posing a security threat. Besides, owners of the stalls weren't present to do business,\" said a civic official from the license department.BMC's license department is firm on repeating in Linking Road what it did in 2008 in A-ward's Fashion Street, where 36 licenses were revoked. \"We give licenses to poor or bonafide persons to do business. If the licensed vendors have other means of income, they should hand the stalls over to the BMC. I cancelled 36 licenses on Fashion Street when I was ward officer there,\" said Sunil Dhamane, assistant commissioner, H(west) ward.The BMC notice to Linking Road vendors comes after the 33rd Road ALM in Khar(W) complained about extension of stalls up to 10 ft in width and 12 ft vertically, and footpaths and traffic islands being used to store goods. \"We feared it could pose a security hazard. It was a four-year-old battle in which residents bore the brunt of traffic snarls, eve-teasing, thefts and pick-pocketing,\" said Aftab Siddique, chairperson, 33rd Road ALM.Riyaz M, a licensed vendor said, \"We would hang our wares on bamboos outside the stall, which is why we got the notice. We have rectified it now.\" Amin S, another licensed vendor said, \"I got a notice for extending my stall. We are forced to extend our stalls as they get hidden by other vendors who extend their stalls and are in the good books of politicians and the police.\"Another licensed hawker said on condition of anonymity, \"We are 45 licensed hawkers with cobbler licenses and have permission to make shoes. But we sell clothes along with shoes, so we got a notice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13103287", "title": "Bombay high court judge Godbole puts in his papers", "text": "MUMBAI: Justice G S Godbole of the Bombay high court put in his papers, taking the legal fraternity by bit of a surprise. Justice Godbole had barely completed a year as an additional judge. He was appointed straight from the Bar last May.The 46-year-old judge, who hails from Solapur, was a rank-holder in his third year in law.A senior judge confirmed that Justice Godbole sent his resignation to Chief Justice Mohit Shah. He is learnt to have cited personal grounds as reasons for decision to quit the higher judiciary. Justice Godbole was part of the bench that passed the order against Whistling Woods International, the film institute run by Subhash Ghai .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13103379", "title": "Management quota student eligible for educational loan", "text": "CHENNAI: Educational loan cannot be denied to a student on the sole ground that his admission is under management quota, the Madras high court has held.Justice M Jaichandren, passing orders on a writ petition filed by J Pandiarajan last week, referred to an earlier order of the court which conclusively held that once eligibility for admission is established and a candidate is selected through a an approved mode of selection and his admission too is approved by the university, then banks cannot refuse loan facility to the student.Pandiarajan joined the mechanical engineering course in a private university and approached the Indian Overseas Bank for educational loan. It was refused on the ground that he had been admitted under the management quota. He then moved the court, citing an earlier case involving the Karur Vysya Bank.In that case, the court had said that a student selected and admitted under the management quota cannot be a denied educational loan. Noting that the bank's contention was not that the student was not eligible for admission to BE course, the court said: \"The central government and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) issued guidelines to banks to sanction education loan to all deserving candidates. The requirements the banks can insist upon is whether the candidate is eligible to be admitted in the course, whether the course is approved by the competent body, and whether the college is affiliated to the university which conducts examinations.\"The judge said if the bank's stand is accepted, no student admitted under the management quota in any private self-financing college will be in a position to get education loan, which will defeat the purpose for which the Union government and RBI introduced the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13102173", "title": "Spanco's consumer centre to cater to all services", "text": "NAGPUR: City power franchisee Spanco has set up a consumer facility centre in Wardhaman Nagar, which will provide all consumer related services thus avoiding the need for consumers to visit multiple offices for various works. The centre is expected to open in 10 days.Spanco vice-president Kaustubh Dhavse said that all the services required by consumers including billing, breakdown and metering complaints, bill payment, new service connections, increase in connected load, etc will be provided there. \"We plan to start another five centres in Civil Lines, Lashkaribagh, Manewada, Tulshibagh and Nandanvan. These centres are basically for lower and middle class consumers.\"The centre will have proper and ample seating arrangement. We will introduce coupon system so that consumers do not have to stand in queue. For those who want to talk to senior officers, a separate room will be provided so that their privacy is maintained. The consumer centre will also have a billing centre and seating arrangement will be provided for those at the end. A purified water dispenser will be provided,\" he said adding that the centre would be made centrally air-conditioned soon.Spanco's centre will have different desks for different type of complaints. If you have a billing related complaint you will be asked to go to one desk when your turn comes. For metering complaints there will be a different desk. The company has trained the staff and they will be in uniform in the centre.The franchisee has invested a lot on landscaping and beautification. The six centres are expected to cost around Rs 10 crore, which comes to Rs 1.67 crore per centre. \"Even though we will spend so much money, we won't get any monetary return. This will earn us the goodwill of consumers,\" the Spanco official explained.He further said that the company will completely change the back end process to start the centre. \"We had completely integrated the system for providing all services at one place. The system we had inherited was quite structured but consumers had to go to various places for various services. We have already changed the process of releasing consumer connections. Earlier, the consumer had to visit MSEDCL office minimum seven times. Now he visits only once,\" he said.Replying to a query, Dhavse said that the company would soon set automatic cash collection machines so that consumers can pay the bills round the clock. \"We have chalked out a plan for that,\" he said.The top Spanco official also said that using information technology it was tracking the breakdowns. \"Whenever a breakdown takes place the top officials in the Civil Lines offices can see it on their screens. If it is taking too long to get repaired a SMS is sent to concerned staffers. The breakdown data will allow us to streamline the system and reduce the duration of repair work,\" Dhavse stressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13104253", "title": "Surprise checking in central jail", "text": "JAIPUR: A team of district administration and police conducted a surprise check in the Jaipur Central Jail on Friday, however, they said they did not find any objectionable items. The raids came at the direction of the Rajasthan High Court that binds the administration to conduct surprise checks on a regular basis. Police said such raids are conducted at least twice a month.According to Gandhi Nagar ACP Tejpal Singh, officials from the district administration including a sub-divisional magistrate and SHO, Lal Kothi police carried out raids at ward number 2 and number 8 in the Jaipur Central Jail.\"One ward belonged to the undertrials while the other to the convicts. The team with various detectors even checked the walls of the two wards, but found nothing,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13107342", "title": "Five members of a family found dead in Kerala", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Five members of a family, including three children, were found dead under mysterious circumstances at Vazhikkadavu in neighbouring Malappuram district today, police said.The 45-year-old head of the family was found hanging from a tree while the bodies of his wife and three children with injuries were recovered from their house.Police said they suspect the man could have killed the four and committed suicide.The man, a hotel worker, had not been attending work for the last six months, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13104105", "title": "India, Pakistan ties hinge on hope", "text": "HYDERABAD: When hope is lost, everything seems to be lost. But when we hear the adage, Ummid pe dunya khayam hai (the world stands on hope), we visualize a ray of light at the end of a tunnel.The rollercoaster ties between India and Pakistan are an unending reading in despair. It is hope that makes people believe that one day, some day, we will live like good neighbours. That someday becomes believably close when we hear that Indian and Pakistani politicians, officials and members of the civil society are 'seriously' talking about the benefits of developing stronger economic and commercial links between the two nations. Or, when the Supreme Court of India allows aging Pakistani virologist Mohammed Khalil Chishti, a murder convict, to visit his hometown Karachi.It is an unprecedented move by the Supreme Court which took a humane approach in a murder case. The apex court spoke of Chishti's age (82), his global reputation as an accomplished microbiologist and his previous clean record to say that he is free to go to his country but on certain conditions. He should be back in India in November to face trial in court. Though the Supreme Court's order is solely based on the prudence of the judges, there is hope that Islamabad would show some reciprocation with regard to Indians stranded in Pakistan prisons. For instance, many are waiting to see if they would free Sarabjit Singh , an Indian convicted of life imprisonment in a case of mistaken identity.Chishti and Singh have been in the public eye owing to the extensive coverage of their plight in the media. However, there are numerous Indians languishing in Pakistani prisons and vice versa who have hardly been covered by any media agency or their cases taken up by any human rights organization seriously. They too deserve attention as their loved ones are waiting to see them. In the meantime, the air over India and Pakistan is thick with hope that the two countries are about to enter into a new era of trade and commercial cooperation. Activity in this direction gained momentum ever since Pakistan decided to give the MFN-the Most Favoured Nation-status to India last year.The two sides have realised that the trade volume was a paltry $2.6 billion in the year ending 2011. Officials and members of the trading community believe that this could be taken to $10 billion to $12 billion in the next three to five years. In the forefront of trade with Pakistan which is expected to grow in the coming weeks, not years, are tomatoes from Maharashtra. About 4,000 trucks carrying tomatoes have crossed over to Pakistan in the past three months. Lorries containing soya beans followed. Not to lag behind, Pakistan has started exporting cement and other construction material to India. Talks are on to allow 8,000 items from Pakistan to enter India in the next couple of years.Hope is now fuelled by the foundation laying of an oil refinery in Bathinda, a town in Punjab which is160 km from Lahore , by billionaire Lakshmi Mittal and Indian Oil Company Ltd costing $4 billion. Pakistan that is already importing kerosene and diesel from India is hungry for petroleum products. The refinery in Punjab and another one owned by the Reliance Group in Gujarat which is close to Karachi could meet the fuel needs of Pakistan, at least to some extent. There are also talks to dismantle hurdles in matters pertaining to education and IT sectors, visa regimes, especially for the business community and tourists, opening of more land and air trade routes.In India-Pakistan relations, hope is the key word. Let's hope that it becomes a reality extending benefits to the people of the two neighbouring nations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13103519", "title": "Rs 2.5L found at ATM in Chennai, returned to owner", "text": "CHENNAI: A man who came to withdraw cash from an ATM on Nungambakkam High Road on Thursday was surprised to find a bag containing 2.5 lakh and alerted the police control room.The Thousand Lights police, who were immediately informed, traced the rightful owner with the help of the CCTV camera in the ATM booth and handed over the money on Friday evening.Around 5pm on Thursday, Y Pradeep of Velachery, who works in a media firm on Anna Sala, came to withdraw money from the ATM and noticed a bag containing cash. After he alerted the control room, the Thousand Lights police recovered the cash and launched a search for the owner. When nobody came to claim the cash, police obtained the CCTV footage with the help the ATM officials and traced the address of the owner to Kodambakkam.\"We managed to trace him with the help of the transaction made at the time. We verified his name and address and handed over the cash,\" said Thousand Lights inspector Gunavarman.The owner told police he couldn't recall where he had kept the money and searched at different places. Joint Commissioner of Police ( East ) S N Seshasai praised Pradeep and gave him a cash reward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102599", "title": "Probe BSY for allowing illegal mining: SC to CBI", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday ordered the CBI to probe former Karnataka chief minister B S Yeddyurappa for allegedly permitting illegal mining by major corporate groups like Jindals and the alleged \"windfall profits\" reaped by his relatives through quid pro quo by mining firms.A bench of Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices Aftab Alam and Swatanter Kumar accepted the April 20 report of its Central Empowered Committee and asked the CBI to complete the investigations in three months and file a chargesheet against accused persons before the court concerned.The bench rejected the pleas of Yeddyurappa, Jindal Steel and South West Mining Ltd who attempted to persuade the court not to accept the CEC's recommendations for a CBI probe into alleged irregularities in the award of mining leases, iron ore extraction and payment of donations as a quid pro quo to NGOs run by his relatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13102034", "title": "'Character assassination isn't cartoon'", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Friday came down heavily on the criticism directed at her on social networking sites. \"Amake onek Facebook dekhiyechhen, ebar amader palaIe have had enough of Facebook, not it's our turn),\" she said. In her first detailed reaction on the April 13 arrest of Jadavpur University professor Ambikesh Mahapatra, Mamata said there was a difference between \"cartoon and character assassination\".\"I was in Durgapur that day. Someone from New Delhi called me enquiring about the arrest. It is not possible for the chief minister to know everything, unless a major incident. He had stolen an email. Using others' email (ID) without their permission is akin to stealing. This mail was then circulated among its social sector (mailing list). One of the recipients complained about it,\" the chief minister said, speaking at a party election meeting in Maharashtra Niwas.\"A section of the media is trying to say it was a cartoon on Mamata. No it was not a cartoon. Why did they write vanish? It implies killing somebody. Character assassination and murder. The professor used someone else's email without permission. He teaches students. Will he teach them that? If a rickshaw-puller steals, the act is illegal. For a professor, why will it be any different?\" she said. \"My images are being morphed to show that I am Dracula. This is character assassination. These are decomposed photographs. CDs with such images had been circulated even before elections,\" she said. \"We don't react to these. We don't retaliate to such political conspiracies. Now they are talking big,\" she said.The chief minister was also critical of a \"covert campaign\" in the social networking sites against her and her government. \"SMS, Twitter and facebook have now become tools for such political campaigns. The CPM and a few of their ultra-Left friends have been doing this. Constructive criticism is acceptable, not conspiracy,\" she said.The chief minister also referred to the controversy surrounding mobile news service Dadhichi. \"Why will it have 20 different names? They (the ultra-Left organizations) are now campaigning for democratic freedom. Do they believe in it? If they do why do they have to use 20 different names to fight a people's cause? They don't believe in democracy, nor in elections, yet they fight for democratic rights,\" she said, urging her party workers to remain alert against it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13102067", "title": "Non-teaching employees' stir ends without any gain", "text": "PATNA: The four-day strike by more than 30,000 non-teaching staff of colleges and universities in Bihar to press their pending demands ended on Friday without any gain. Neither did the state government invite their representatives for any talk nor did it make any announcement regarding fulfillment of their demands.Criticizing the alleged indifference of the powers that be towards the genuine grievances of agitating employees, Bihar State University and College Employees' Federation president and general secretary Braj Kishore Singh announced that the employees would be compelled to proceed on an indefinite strike from July 3 if their demands were not conceded by then. The entire responsibility for dislocation of teaching and examinations would fall on the government, the Federation leaders said.The Federation leaders said that owing to anomalies in the Fifth Pay Revision, most employees were getting half their salaries. Besides, in the Sixth Pay Revision, they have been denied the benefit of assured career promotion scheme. The age of superannuation of non-teaching staff has not been enhanced to 65 years while the teachers have been given this benefit. They further pointed out that despite their repeated requests, the government has prescribed two separate scales for the university and college staff. The government is unnecessarily dragging the poor employees to court for settlement of even their genuine demands, they alleged. They urged the chief minister to expedite early settlement of their demands.Attack condemned: NIT Patna student leader Mukesh Kumar Singh has condemned the recent attack on Bihari students at the Rajasthan Engineering College by the local students and demanded stern action against the guilty. He said the Rajasthan government should ensure that such incidents are not repeated in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "13103754", "title": "Cut-outs and hoardings an eyesore in Mandya", "text": "MANDYA: Cut-outs, banners and hoardings have marred the beauty of this small town. Even footpaths have not been spared.\"Huge cutouts of politicians and their supporters adorn junctions and buntings all through the year. Motorists are unable to see vehicles coming from the opposite direction at curves due to the presence of these huge hoardings, \" says Prashant, a BBM student, who met with an accident at one such bend recently.\"Who has asked politicians to greet us during festival or their birthdays. We don't need such greetings\" said Kiran, a merchant.\"We have adhered to the Karnataka Open Places (Preservation of Disfigurement) Act against those who illegally put up hoardings, cutouts. We fine the wrongdoers. We also filed two police complaints against those who put up cut-outs blackening the footpath. We have asked political parties and local leaders not to put up hoardings without getting permission\" said M P Arunkumar, president of Mandya city municipality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13104575", "title": "200 new life jackets, watchtower for Katraj lake", "text": "PUNE: Life jackets used at Rajiv Gandhi Zoological Park in Katraj are of poor quality, S A Ahmed, assistant commandant of National Disaster Response Management ( NDRF), said on Friday.Of the 200 life jackets at Katraj lake, at least half are in a bad shape and thus not in use. The Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) has decided to purchase 200 new life jackets. \"They will arrive soon,\" MTDC's regional officer said.According to him, the boating facility authorities should have made it compulsory for every person to wear a life jacket before entering the boat. \"Good swimmers should be appointed to avoid drowning incidents,\" Ahmed said.Meanwhile, boating has been halted for the time being. \"The search operation is on. We will begin boating after it is over,\" Gurav said.Every person buying a ticket for boating is told to wear a life jacket. \"The ticket clearly mentions that a life jacket is compulsory. But people do not listen and refuse to wear them. Henceforth, no one will be allowed to get on the boat without the safety gear.\" Gurav said.Deepak Argade, manager of the boat club, said authorities have decided to appoint two more life guards and two boatmen. \"We will erect a watchtower on the banks and a person equipped with a pair of binoculars will keep watch,\" Argade said. Another scooter speed boat will patrol the lake during rush time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13103859", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation department heads miffed over transfers to octroi, list revised", "text": "NASHIK: The civic administration has begun the process of revising its list of octroi staff from May 10, as some of the staff shortlisted for the octroi department were from emergency services like fire brigade, water supply, etc.and would therefore have to be dropped.Officiating municipal commissioner and district collector P Velrasu conducted a meeting with Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) officials, city engineer Sunil Khune, superintendent engineer R K Pawar, and other department heads, late on Thursday evening torevise the list of transferred employees.The decion on the revision was made after growing concerns from other departments about work being affected due to the transfer of their staff, and criticism by corporators about engineers and emergency staff being appointed at octroi posts.Velrasu clarified on Thursday that engineers have been appointed only on temporary basis and emergency service staff would also be sent back to their respectve departments .From May 19, the NMC will be taking charge of octroi collection, for which they had started preparing by way of short listing staff and outlining varied areas of duty concerning octroi collection.442 employees were shortlisted for the octroi department out of which 55 are engineers. An official said that assistant superintendents and clerks of the property-tax department of the Adgaon and Makhmalabad Naka sub-divisional office had also been transferred due to which the work at departments there had been affected badly.Some corporators complained that technical staff should not be given non-technical duties like octroi.Velrasu said that staff and officials of emergency services will be transferred only according to requirements. He added that department heads had been taken into confidence over the decision to transfer staff. He further clarified that some employees had been given dual charges so work in their departments do not suffer. \"Engineers are not expected to collect octroi directly but are needed for guidance at the posts,\" Velrasu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102062", "title": "Ambedkar, Nehru didn\u2019t object to cartoon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sensing the political combustibility of the Ambedkar cartoon issue in Lok Sabha , finance minister Pranab Mukherjee sought to cool tempers by immediately decrying the reproduction as inappropriate and launching into a detailed account of how Ambedkar oversaw the writing of one of the world's lengthiest constitutions.Mukherjee's erudition stopped the protests for a while but the House had to be adjourned. It was disruption twice more before the chair decided to put an end to the day's proceedings.While HRD minister Kapil Sibal scrambled to explain that a review of NCERT books had been ordered and distribution of texts stopped, academics and artists felt the protests were overblown. They pointed out that neither Nehru nor Ambedkar found the depiction objectionable and felt the NCERT book explained the context adequately. There were other sections of opinion, however, who felt sensitivities of the socially disadvantaged ought to have been kept in mind by NCERT in an age of political and social assertion. Just as terms like shudras and Harijan fell into disuse and are considered improper with dalits being acceptable, what might have been innocuous in 1949 may not be regarded in a similar light today.The outrage of dalit leaders and MPs was clearly evident as Thirumaa Valavan, leader of Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi, a vocal dalit party from TN, raised the controversy in LS, supported by BSP, SP, RJD, DMK and AIADMK members. In RS, dalit stalwart Mayawati took up the issue with leaders like CPI's D Raja pitching in.Reacting to the raging controversy, noted academician Prof Yash Pal said the issue highlighted a growing intolerance in society. \"This is an old cartoon. It is ridiculous to make it an issue now. Intolerance is increasing everywhere, among politicians, artists and others,\" he said. Cartoonist Sudhir Tailang tweeted, \"It's a cartoon done by Shankar Pillai on Dr Ambedkar who himself did not have a problem with it when it was published in 1949.\"Eminent political analyst Ashis Nandy called the reactions \"absurd\", saying these were a \"new found political tool to score points and nothing to do with Ambedkar\". He added, \"Ambedkar was a classical liberal and did not favour censorship. The Constitution he drafted does not approve of censorship. This is in fact an anti-Ambdekar stand by the ministry.'' Seeking to put a lid over the row, a flustered HRD minister said he has asked NCERT to remove the offending picture. Making a statement in both Houses of Parliament, Sibal said he had written to NCERT in April asking it to withdraw the offending cartoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "13104043", "title": "4 die in hooch tragedy in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Four persons died and two others are battling for their lives after consuming illicit liquor in the Old Town area of the city on Friday.. This incident comes five months after 20 tribals died in a hooch tragedy in Mylavaram constituency in Krishna district.As in the Mylavaram tragedy, where high percentage of methanol mixed in alcohol caused the deaths of 20 workers, police have concluded that methanol mixed in soft drink proved fatal for six hamalis (coolies) in the latest incident.Neeli Subramanyam, a hamali at Vijayawada railway station, reportedly bought a two-litre soft drink and invited five of his friends to join him for a party at night. They gathered near Bramhanaveedhi post office in Old Town and consumed the drink after mixing it with methanol. One hour after consuming the drink, they started vomiting and started complaining of uneasiness in the chest and shouted for help.By the time they were taken to the government general hospital (GGH), Kona Yesu, 27, Karpurapu Durgarao, 38, Tadipalli Koteswara Rao, 55, and Subramanyam, 32, had already died. Doctors took nearly four hours to remove the poisonous liquid from Rampilli Nagaraju and Prakash Rao. Their condition is still serious and are being treated in the ICU. Durgarao and Prakash are laundry operators, the other three are hamalis in the market area.Police ruled out any sabotage. ACP Harikrishna said they were sending the empty bottles to the lab to ascertain the contents of the drink. Police believe that high composition of methanol in the soft drink could have resulted in the deaths. Kothapet inspector S Prasada Rao registered a case and launched an investigation to find out from where Subramanyam had purchased the methanol.Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy, who was in Tirupati for election campaign, expressed shock and ordered the excise commissioner to conduct a high-level enquiry into the incident.Excise and prohibition minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana said that erring officials would be punished for failing to stop the illicit liquor mafia.Ironically, no senior official, including the district collector or the joint collector had visited the area till afternoon. In-charge deputy commissioner (excise) Rajeswara Rao visited GGH and consoled the families of the victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13103418", "title": "Couple arrested for selling girls", "text": "LUDHIANA: A couple from Abadian village in Muktsar district, Mukhtiar Singh and Kulwinder Kaur, were arrested by Division no 3 police on Friday on charges of keeping girls as slaves and selling them. The arrest followed a complaint by a Mohalla Ganj-resident about her missing 22-year-old neighbour, Pooja (name changed).During investigation, police discovered that Pooja was last seen at Gurdwara Dukh Niwaran Sahib with the accused. Division no 3 SHO Maninder Bedi said the accused had taken the victim girl to their village and were torturing her. They planned to sell her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13103394", "title": "MCOCA charges on Abu Salem dropped", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a major breather for underworld don Abu Salem, the Delhi high court Friday dropped charges under the stringent Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA) in a 2002 extortion case.Justice V K Shali, allowed a batch of petitions filed by the Delhi Police and Abu Salem that sought dropping of MCOCA charges against Salem, the order for whose extradition to India has been quashed by the Portuguese Supreme Court allegedly owing to non-observance of extradition terms.HC judgment assumes significance as it would help the CBI in defending Salem's extradition case before the constitutional court in Portugal, where the probe agency have suffered set backs in judicial proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13107247", "title": "Pawan Kalyan scores over Simbu", "text": "When Salman's Khan Dabangg released and became a superhit, actors in the south started clamouring for the rights.While Tollywood's Pawan Kalyan got the Telugu role, Kollywood's young actor Simbu bagged the Tamil one. Titled Gabbar Singh in Telugu, the recently released films that has Shruti Haasan in Sonakshi's role has turned out to be a hit. Simbu's Dabangg remake, Osthe, was released in Diwali last year and didn't make much of an impact at the box office. A major glitch industry sources say is that Simbu was too young to play the role essayed by Sallu. Salman played a mature man and Pawan Kalyan had the traits. But Simbu's young college boy looks didn't convince audience of him being a tough rowdy cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13102227", "title": "Student moves high court against teachers' stir in Nagpuredu", "text": "NAGPUR: With the lecturers' continuing their boycott of assessment work in universities across the state, a student Yashodhan Waghmare has moved the judiciary for ending the strike. The Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court on Friday, its last working day before summer vacations, issued notices to Nagpur University and its vice-chancellor asking them to reply after vacations. Anil Kilor was counsel for the petitioner.The case was listed before a division bench of justices Bhushan Dharmadhikari and Ashok Bhangale. Waghmare, also an activist of Vidyapeeth Vidyarthi Sangram Parishad (VVSP), prayed for stern action against NU VC in case students lose their academic year and also demanded that respondents should be liable to pay damages. The petitioner insisted on timely evaluation of answer-sheets pending in lakhs due to ongoing teachers' boycott on evaluation. In another case on same issue filed by ABVP, the principal bench at Mumbai had issued notice to Maharashtra Federation of University College Teachers Organisation (MFUCTO).Over 34,000 teachers have been boycotting the evaluation work since April 1 to press for getting arrears of sixth pay commission. On the positive side, teachers from engineering and medical fraternity have not joined the strike and therefore their results would be declared on time. NU officials stated innocent students would be the sufferer in the tug of war between the state government and teachers. Those appearing in their final year examinations would not be able to appear in campus interviews or in entrance exams for next courses.NU had issued show-cause notices to 150 agitating lecturers asking why action should not be taken against them for boycotting evaluation work which is mandatory under Section 32(5) (g) of Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994. The government has already asked the universities to take stern action. All theses steps failed to work. Over 12 lakh answer-sheets are pending and their numbers are increasing by the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13104127", "title": "Mantris keep 2 Circle Inpectors in limbo", "text": "HYDERABAD: Yet again, unhappy city ministers have thrown a spanner in the works of the city cops by blocking the transfer of two inspectors whom they found were not to their liking. As a result, for the last week or so, Banjara Hills and Afzalgunj police stations do not have inspectors. The inspectors are in charge of the police stations, and in their absence, routine functioning of the police stations get hampered.It was on May 3 that in-charge police commissioner Anurag Sharma reshuffled 14 inspectors. While the new inspectors posted to 12 other police stations took charge during the next few days, one city minister protested the posting of P Sridhar as Banjara Hills inspector while his ministerial colleague opposed the posting of V Narasimha Reddy as Afzalgunj inspector. The two ministers complained that they were not consulted over the postings. But it is a well known that they dabble in real estate and want only their men for key city police posts, said sources.With DGP V Dinesh Reddy away from the city and Hyderabad commissioner A K Khan returning to the state capital only on Friday morning after his training abroad, the top cops were forced to advise the two inspectors not to take charge of their new postings in view of the protests by the ministers. As a result, Sridhar continues to hold on to his old job at Trimulgherry while Narasimha is still working in the detective department under the Central Crime Station.In the meantime, the two police stations remain headless as incumbent inspectors M Sudershan and K Chandrasekhar Reddy of Banjara Hills and Afzalgunj respectively have relinquished their charges and taken over the new postings assigned to them.According to sources, Khan had cleared the postings of the 14 inspectors and forwarded it to the DGP's office before proceeding on his training. Anurag Sharma effected the transfers after the clearance. Apparently, the DGP's policy is that those inspectors who have served in a law and order posting for over a decade in the city should be moved out and new officers posted in their place. \"The transfer of the 14 inspectors was made on the basis of this policy,\" said the sources.With the DGP slated to return to the city by the week-end, it remains to be seen whether his writ would prevail or whether the two city ministers will have the last laugh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13103698", "title": "Madurai Kamaraj University plans state-of-the-art film institute", "text": "MADURAI: Soon, sounds of \"lights, action and cut\" might reverberate in the sprawling campus of Madurai Kamaraj University.The more-than-four-decade-old varsity located about 15 km from the city on the Madurai-Theni highway has planned to set up a film institute on the lines of Film and Television Institute of India at Pune.To start with, an integrated course on film studies would be offered from the current academic year, vice-chancellor Kalyani Mathivanan told reporters on Friday. The university has begun talks with film personalities to frame the syllabus as well as to rope them into the advisory committee. \"We are negotiating with various film personalities to rope them into a six-member advisory committee,\" she said. Though a film institute is an investment-intensive venture, Mathivanan was hopeful that the institute would materialise soon. \"There are various sources from which we will mobilise funds. Our initial requirement would be about Rs 2 crore. The university has a reserve of funds. We will approach the state government as well as the Centre,\" she said.There has been a spurt of colleges offering visual communication courses in colleges across Tamil Nadu over the past decade. But there are few institutes exclusively dedicated to in-depth film making and aesthetics. Right now, the Film and Television Institute of Tamil Nadu and private institutes like L V Prasad Film and TV Academy offer courses on filmmaking. If things turn out well, Madurai Kamaraj University will not only find a formidable place in the film studies map of India, but also churn out talent from southern districts.\"In the first two years of the course, students will be offered an introduction to films. In the later years, they will branch out into various specialisations such as photography, direction and editing. The curriculum would be up to international standards,\" Mathivanan said. She said about 100 students would be enrolled this year.\"However, we are yet to fix the fee structure,\" she added. Apart from the integrated five-year course, a postgraduate course and a diploma course are also on the cards. Once funds are sanctioned, a state-of-the -art studio would be established while all modern equipment would be bought. The varsity has also planned to tie up with similar film institutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13104056", "title": "Road widening to affect traffic movement to Kolar", "text": "BHOPAL: traffic movement along the Chuna Bhatti and Kolar road would be restricted for the next one and half years as the widening of the Kolar bridge and approach road is being undertaken. The public works department (PWD) will be converting the road connecting Kolar township from the Kolar guest house to Kajli Khedi into four-lane.PWD is widening this stretch of road up to 20 feet on each side and have a central verge of 3 feet. But, there is no provision of a foot-path on this road, for the pedestrians to have a safe walk.However, as per Indian Road Congress guidelines, a four lane road should be at least 45 feet wide, for the vehicles to travel smoothly. \"There is a lot of congestion in Kolar mainly near the Sargam Nagar and Danish Kunj areas where there are lots of illegal constructions,\" said Sidharth Rokde, Traffic and Transport Engineer, MANIT, told TOI.\"The project will take at a year and a half to be completed,\" said chief municipal officer of Kolar Municipality, Rajesh Shrivastava .With residential and commercial complexes and electric poles on either side of the road, it would be a difficult task to widen the road. There are more than 200 electric poles on the right side of the road, which are yet to be shifted. The Madhya Pradesh Electricity Board (MPEB) has been asked to shift the electric poles, which are hindering the widening of road.Moreover, there is Kolar pipeline on the right side of the road which provides water to city. This pipeline cannot be shifted making the task further difficult.On an average, 30,000 vehicles pass through the bridge and an estimated 5,000 two and four -wheelers are parked in the markets and public places of the suburb. Moreover, with the low floor buses and heavy vehicles plying on this road, the width of one lane on this road should be more than 15 feet, experts said.If the PWD widens the road, whatever parking lots available in of Kolar are also likely to vanish. \"We have got more than 22 houses vacated as they were constructed on encroached land,\" said Mukesh Sen, sub-engineer, PWD. \"We have also issued notices to the a dozen more residents to vacate the government land\".Widening projectThis project is divided into two parts. The first part includes expansion and development of the road opposite to Kolar pipeline, which is expected to be completed by June this year. The second part includes the development of the road on the side of the Pipeline, work for which will begin after June, PWD officials said.This entire project costs Rs. 16 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13103374", "title": "May 20 exams for pupils hit by train trouble", "text": "MUMBAI: The University of Mumbai will conduct special examinations for final-year students who missed their exams due to the Central Railway signal failure on April 18. Nine exams were held that day. The special exams will be held on Sunday, May 20, at the Institute of Distance and Open Learning (IDOL), Dr Shankar Dayal Sharma Bhavan, University of Mumbai, Vidynagari, Kalina, Santa Cruz (E) between 11am and 2pm.Students who were unable to appear for the exams on April 18 have to forward their applications along with their details through their colleges to the manuscripts unit, room 60, Mahatma Phule Bhavan, Vidyanagari, Kalina.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13102985", "title": "Gurgaon, Manesar industrial units to get unique numbers", "text": "GURGAON: Industrial units in Gurgaon and Manesar will soon be assigned unique registration numbers by the state's industry and commerce department. The department's new initiative is likely to come into effect by September, and is aimed at updating Chandigarh's existing database on manufacturing units, which doesn't account for many recent developments.\"This will be applicable to all industries anywhere in Haryana. Our target is 100% enumeration of industrial units,\" said Y S Malik, state financial commissioner. The industries and commerce department is also conducting an all-out survey in the state, including in Udyog Vihar, to gather information on industrial houses.\"Having correct and reliable data on industries in the state was an urgent requirement. And, it is necessary too for informed policy making. That's the reason we are getting the survey done by a private agency,\" said Malik. Industrialists of Udyog Vihar, however, don't seem to be keen on another state-sponsored survey that solicits tax and investment details. \"This is another ploy to target small industries. We are under no obligation to share these details with the government,\" said an industrialist.Apart from asking basic registration details, the survey form offered to industrialists also requires their credit status, and information on capital investment, expansion plans and total turnover. \"The survey doesn't seem to have the intention of helping the industry, as is being claimed,\" said an industrialist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13103877", "title": "Nashik district sees growing urban malnutrition deaths", "text": "NASHIK: Non-tribal areas in the district are witnessing deaths of malnourished children with Chandwad, Niphad and Dindori talukas reporting 11 deaths each last month. The district as a whole reported 98 deaths, of which 50 children are from tribal areas.Nashik district has almost half the area inhabited by tribals in the hilly region stretching from Jawhar-Mokhada in Thane district and Trimbakeshwar, Peth, Surgana, Kalwan and Baglan in Nashik district to Dhule and Nandurbar. The tribal belt borders Thane, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh. Poor economic conditions coupled with water scarcity this year have only added to the difficulties of the families in the tribal region.Incidentally Dindori, a tribal taluka, along with non-tribal Niphad tehsil (which is the most irrigated part of Nashik district) and Chandwad (a drought-prone region) reported major number of deaths- together tallying for 33 deaths. The talukas that closely followed where Sinnar and Igatpuri with nine deaths, Nashik eight, Baglan, Nandgaon and Malegaon 6 deaths each, deputy chief executive officer of Integrated Child Development Schemes (ICDS) Anamika Ingole said. The number of children with Severe Acute Malnourishment (SAM) is 10,595, the officials said.The president of child and woman welfare committee of Zilla Parishad, Sunita Aher, said that the situation was grim especially due to water scarcity staring at the district.\"This is the time when more attention is to be paid towards the child and the mother. In cases where the members of the committee have reported about the officers not visiting their field areas, the deputy chief executive officer should look into it,\" Aher said.Under various programmes being implemented for malnourished children, 150 anganwadi centres are being constructed and at the same time another 100 are being raised through the 13th finance commission, Ingole said. As far as vacancies were concerned, posts of 15 supervisors and 360 anganwadi helpers were vacant, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "gurdaspur", "code": "13102340", "title": "Special package for 6 border districts", "text": "GURDASPUR: Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh on Friday announced a special package for all six border districts of Punjab.While visiting the international headquarters of Ahmadiyya Muslim community at Qadian town in this district, he said that the central government is strengthening the infrastructure in border areas in the country and six Punjab border districts Gurdaspur, Pathankot, Amritsar, Tarn Taran, Ferozepur and Fazilka have been brought under the scheme in which 1,800 kilometer roads would be constructed.He said that these border districts have been selected under the Prime Minister Village Road scheme and the Centre would provide more funds to provide pure drinking water, toilets grants for kucha (thatched) houses. Ramesh said that on the demand of state government, legislators and lawmakers, the government would mull over relaxing the norms of the scheme in the border %areas.He added that in order to develop the infrastructure in rural areas, they would also include villages with population of 500 under the Prime Minister's Road Scheme. \"Villages with population of 500 are included in the Prime Minister Road Scheme. But demands have come that this norm should be relaxed for border areas because these are small settlements in the region,\" added Ramesh.He was accompanied by Punjab rural development and panchayat minister Surjeet Singh Rakhra and PWD minister Sharanjit Singh Dhillon who informed Ramesh regarding the problems being faced by the farmers. Expressing concern over contaminated groundwater due to arsenic particles in Punjab, particularly in Malwa belt that includes Bathinda district, Ramesh said the government was seriously taking up the matter since it was spreading cancer in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13104200", "title": "Central Drugs Standard Control Organization recommendations lack scientific evidence", "text": "INDORE: The parliamentary standing committee for health and family welfare has found that the recommendations obtained by the country's highest office on drugs- the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO) were based on personal perception without any hard scientific evidence or data.In an example of clinical trial, in which vulnerable group of society were subjected to trial with Dapoxetine drug in various cities of the country including Indore, the committee had scrutinized some random cases to assess the credibility and utility of such opinions obtained by CDSCO from independent experts.The committee found that \"such opinions are of extremely limited value and merely a formality. It said that there is adequate documentary evidence to come to the conclusion that many opinions were actually written by the invisible hands of drug manufacturers and experts merely obliged by putting their signatures.\"ToI had in December 2011 published a news report on Dapoxetine was being tested by the city-based doctors on vulnerable group of society, which created uproar in the political circles of the national capital.In another case of clinical trials, the committee found that the basic purpose of Phase III trials of a drug Ramosetran conducted in Indore, Bhopal and Betul was not being served. \"In a scrutiny of randomly selected trial sites the committee found that several trials were not taking place in a cosmopolitan town as informed by the ministry,\" said the report. The ministry in its reply to the committee on how various ethnic groups are being enrolled in phase III trials; it was informed that most trials were taking place in cosmopolitan towns as they have a heterogeneous population comprising various ethnic groups. It was also informed that otherwise there is no proactive, specific procedure to test new drugs on different ethnic groups.\"Even if a handful of individuals of different ethnic origins were residing in the towns/cities including Indore, Bhopal and Betul the chances of their being patients and then recruitment into clinical trials were remote,\" it said.Raising fingers on the intent of DCGI, health activists in city said that it is obvious that DCGI clears sites of pre-approval trials without application of mind to ensure that major ethnic groups are enrolled in trials to have any meaningful data. \"Such trials do not produce any useful data and merely serve to complete the formality of documentation,\" said Dr Anand Rai, one of the key whistle blowers in clinical trials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13102041", "title": "CM warning for health department staff", "text": "KOLKATA: Health department employees must take their job more seriously and make sure that files are signed and moved faster, said chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Friday. Files shouldn't be left pending for it could cost a life, she said during a visit to the Swasthya Bhavan.\"I make sure that my files are signed regularly and on time. You should be doing the same for you are dealing with people's lives. Remember that a delay on your part can cost a life,\" she reminded health department employees and officials. Mamata went on to warn hospitals that they shouldn't be asking for money while admitting accident victims and other emergency cases. \"Your job is to treat the patient first. You can settle the bills later,\" she said.Calling upon pharmaceutical companies to donate drugs to a medicine bank that has ben planned, Mamata said they, too, had certain corporate social responsibilities. \"Several NRIs have expressed the desire to contribute to the health sector. I would advise them to support particular departments in our super-speciality hospitals. This will help improve the facilities and the quality of treatment,\" she said.Lauding the health department for a good job, Mamata said it had to start from scratch. \"The Left Front government had done little in the last 34 years. We have made considerable progress. Now, we have more than twenty SNCUs. There were just six when we assumed office,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13102944", "title": "Fake Gujarat Technological University website adds to confusion", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A private website mimicking to be officially belonging to Gujarat Technological University (GTU) is creating confusion among GTU students .Posters of a private website which uses the name of GTU have been put up at various corners of the GTU Campus. The website offers that if a candidate provides the marks scored in board examination and GUJCET, it will provide details like names of the institute where the students will get admissions. GTU officials claim that they have no idea of the website and deny permission for it.Meanwhile, a case of favouritism has raised eyebrows among the students of BK School of Management. A student has been given a separate hall to write exam papers. Institute director Sarla Achuthan said that after the student complained of disturbance by others in the class, a special separate arrangement was made for him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13104382", "title": "Odisha pulls up its socks to tackle Maoists", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A day after the Centre pulled up the Odisha government for increase in Maoist activities in the state, the state-level unified command, headed by chief secretary Bijay Patnaik, on Friday decided to further streamline anti-extremist operations and intelligence gathering.Official sources said the unified command, which was formed in 2010, discussed ways in which the state police and central paramilitary forces could effectively deal with the challenges posed by Left-wing extremists. Issues such as coordination, intelligence collection and sharing as also pending proposals of cops engaged in anti-Maoist operations were deliberated upon at length, sources said.Apart from the chief secretary and senior representatives from state police, BSF and CRPF, finance secretary Jugal Mohapatra attended the meeting with a view to expeditiously clear various proposals put forth by the home department, sources revealed. This was second meeting of the command this year and the sixth overall, sources added.Members of the command were tightlipped over the strategies that were discussed to keep the Red outlaws at bay, but sources said it was decided to sustain the anti-Maoist operations, which have been stepped up in different parts Odisha since the twin hostage crises involving Italian nationals Bosusco Paolo and Claudio Colangelo and Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka were resolved a fortnight ago. The Maoist killing of assistant sub-inspector of police Kruparam Majhi in Nuapada on May 8 has also led to intensification of combing operations in and around the Sunabeda wildlife sanctuary, sources said.The unified command meeting followed the Congress-led UPA government blaming the ruling BJD of failing to adopt counter measures against Maoists, who have spread their tentacles to at least 19 of the state's 30 districts. \"It is pertinent to mention that Odisha is the only state of India where activities of CPI (Maoist) are spreading to new areas at an alarming rate without requisite counter-measures by the state government,\" the ministry of home affairs reportedly said in a message to the state government. It advised the state government to launch intelligence-based sustained anti-extremist operations to quell the Maoist challenge. The chief secretary said he was yet to receive the Centre's advisory and added that appropriate steps would be taken once he gets the letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13103916", "title": "Another derailment at Varanasi Cantonment railway station", "text": "VARANASI: Derailment of two coaches of Manduadih-Chapra passenger train at Cantonment railway station on Friday brought railway officials on their toes. However, no casualty or injury was caused as the train was moving at a slow speed. The incident disrupted train movement for about two hours.The Chauri Chaura Express had also derailed at the same place in the wee hours on Thursday. A joint investigating team of NER (Varanasi) and NR (Lucknow) are investigating the matter.According to AK Pandey, station manager, Cantt, two coaches of a 10-coach passenger train derailed after reaching the yard of the Cantt station. The cause of the derailment was not known and investigation was being conducted to find out the reason for derailment. No casualty or injury was reported and the train moved with eight coaches after the incident, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13103248", "title": "NCP men assault Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation engineer", "text": "MUMBAI: A group of NCP workers barged into the L ward office in Kurla on Friday and assaulted a civic engineer, Bhushan Patil, over water scarcity and erratic supply in Kasaiwada locality. The group also damaged office property.According to the protesters, the locality has been facing water shortage for the last one week. Forty-five people were arrested and later released on bail. The police said the mob was led by one Mohammad Inris. This is the fifth attack on a civic engineer in the last six months. The BMC engineers' union has urged the CM to take strict action against such offenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "13103637", "title": "Nilgiris's tea estates lose ground to real estate", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: The famed tea gardens of the Nilgiris are fast disappearing, thanks to commercial activities linked to real estate and tourism. In the last seven years, tea estates in the hills have shrunk by more than 1,200 hectares. The green patches on the hills are being replaced with concrete structures at a fast pace.\"The recent trend in land use is a serious threat to the Nilgiris eco-system. Indiscriminate conversion of tea gardens into concrete structures will spoil the hills,\" said Tea Board executive director R Ambalavanan.Many small tea growers are falling prey to the lure of quick money offered by realtors and real estate developers. According to records available with TOI, in 2004, small tea estates in Nilgiris were spread across 43,699 hectares. \"Now, it would be approximately 42,500 hectares in the district,\" said Ambalavanan.It is estimated that around 65,000 small farmers cultivated tea in the district six years ago. Interestingly, though the number of small tea growers has gone up by at least 10-15% in the hills, the area under cultivation has decreased significantly. Waking up to the concerns, the Tea Board has undertaken enumeration and registration of small tea growers in the district.Even corporate estates have begun to shrink in size by about 8% in the past decade and floriculture too, say farmers, has grown at the cost of tea gardens.The tea directory says that in 1998, there were 160 companies managing gardens spread over an extent of 17,468 hectares in the six taluks in the Nilgiris. \"A baseline survey conducted in 2011 found that the corporate tea gardens had shrunk to 16,025 hectares. Even the number of estates went down to 95 from 160 in 1998,\" said Ambalavanan.Activists and residents blame it on local land sharks as well as from other states. \"Small farmers are carried away by the huge offers by real estate developers for their land,\" said K Mohan, a resident of Kambatty village in the district. Many small tea estates in Thummanatty panchayat near Kambatty have given way to buildings and so have many of the panchayats in the Nilgiris.Representatives of the local bodies in the district have been given special powers regarding issuing building licenses in panchayat areas and the dos and don'ts they have to follow. \"But, the local body representatives should be more stringent while sanctioning approvals for buildings in panchayat areas especially in tea garden areas\", said Nilgiris collector Archana Patnaik. Pro-active courts and sporadic crackdowns have had little effect as the green patches continue to give way to buildings.The prevailing market price for an estate is Rs 3 to Rs 4 lakh per acre if they remain a tea garden. However, real-estate agents and developers are ready to offer Rs 40 to 50 lakh per acre. Said K Balan (name changed), a local real-estate agent, networked with counterparts in Bangalore and Hyderabad, \"Big time real estate operators in other states are eying the Nilgiris. They are ready to pay any amount for an acre of land here. Hence tea estates are getting converted to farm houses, tourist resorts and residential buildings. For small farmers, the kind of money they are offering is unimaginable.\"The conversion of tea gardens taking place in the district is far from legal and violative of several building norms in the highly eco-sensitive hill district. \"But, only the local panchayats and revenue authorities are authorised to control such activities. The Tea Board does not have direct control over the land administration and therefore, it cannot directly check the trend,\" pointed out Ambalavanan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13101427", "title": "Chandrapur district administration sets up women liquor prohibition panels", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: District administration and Chandrapur police have jointly taken initiative to empower women to bring liquor prohibition in their villages/wards with collective will. The departments inaugurated women liquor prohibition committees at village level at Priyadarshini hall on Thursday. Helplines to report incident of illegal liquor sale and women harassment were also inaugurated on the occasion.Officers at the programme informed that if women in any village in rural area or a ward in urban area collectively demand liquor prohibition then administration will take lead to oblige them. Police department has established a village-level committee of women under every police station to curb illegal sale of liquor. \"At least 25% of women of the village or the ward have to first raise a collective demand for removal of liquor shop or beer bar from their area. District administration would then hold polling to seek collective opinion of women in respective village or ward. If 50% or more women votes in favour of liquor ban, administration will ensure that all the liquor shops and beer bar in respective area are removed,\" told the officers.Police officials also informed that the women liquor prohibition committee will first report the concerned police beat guard or police station in-charge about any incident of illegal liquor sale. If respective police officers fail to take any action within 24, then complainants can report the matter on liquor prohibition helpline (7350260100) or police control room (07172-251200). The committee will cooperate with local police during action against illegal liquor seller. Similarly police will have to ask the committee before bailing out the accused arrested for illegal sale.Similarly toll free number (1091 or 07172-273258) was also launched on the occasion to report the incident of women harassment. Incidents of household violence on women, harassment for dowry, eve-teasing around colleges or offices, abuse of small kids etc can be reported on this helpline, officials told. People were also guided over village sanitation and cleanliness during the programme.District collector Vijay Waghmare, SP Suvez Haque, CEO Arun Shinde, SDO Sheetal Ugle, president of Shramik Elgar organization Paromita Goswami, deputy SP (Home) MM Todase and Chandu Patil Marakwar were present on the dais. Around 1,800 women connected with liquor prohibition committees attended the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13102772", "title": "Daughters' hopes to see Manto's birthplace dashed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Saadat Hasan Manto's daughters' hopes to see his birthplace in Punjab town of Samarala and to be a part of his centenary celebrations were dashed on Friday when their visa applications to visit India could not be processed.\"We were verbally told by the external affairs ministry that the visa cannot be processed at a notice of less than five days,\" Manto's eldest daughter, Nighat Patel confirmed, while speaking to TOI over phone from Lahore.Manto's three daughters -- Nusrat Jalaal, Nuzhat Arshad and Nighat Patel -- were scheduled to come to India through the Attari border in Amritsar on Saturday and had sent a communique to the ministry of external affairs on Monday this week. Manto's centenary celebrations were held on Friday and will go on till Sunday.\"We understand that the invitation to us reached late and we applied for Indian visas late. I have been so excited to come to India and attend the celebrations that are planned in the village where our father was born and had spent his childhood. Right now, we can only wait for the visa clearance,\" said Manto's youngest daughter Nusrat (62).Nighat, 66, who had last visited India, along with her Mumbai-born husband Bashir Patel, in 1997 said that she was still hopeful that the Indian government may intervene in the visa process and expedite it.Manto, who was born on May 11, 1912 in Samarala, had spent nearly two decades, moving between Samarala, Amritsar, Shimla and Mumbai as an author and scriptwriter.After Partition, Manto had moved to a house 31 Laxmi Mansion, popularly known as Manto house in Lahore , where now Nighat stays along with her family.The other daughters stay in the neighbouring areas in the same town.The three daughters had been invited by Samarala and Delhi-based literary groups organising the 100th anniversary of the village's local hero and legendary writer Manto.A two-day carnival, starting Saturday, has been organized with over 200 readers, theatre artists, playwrights and noted authors coming to talk and discuss the works of Manto.The organizers wore a disappointed look after the news of delay in visa processing for Manto family members reached them on Friday evening.\"We had been anxiously waiting for the visa clearance. After managing the entire show on a shoe string budget, the villagers here were very excited to learn that Manto's family members were going to visit them. They are all sad now,\" Daljeet Singh Shahi, organizer, Samarala Manto: 100 Years Celeberations, told TOI.Punjab Sahitya Akademy head Gurbhajan Gill told TOI now the eyes were on the big event in Ludhiana in October to recognize the Manto's matchless contribution to literature.\"An invitation to the October function has already been sent to Manto's daughters and we would also honour them during that function. I hope that there won't be delay this time,\" said Gill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13102606", "title": "Scientists, students explore hidden aspects of science", "text": "LUCKNOW: A number of functions were held in the city on the occasion of National Technology Day on Friday. At National Botanical Research Institute, Prof JP Khurana, coordinator, SAP-UGC programme, Delhi University , South Campus emphasised on the improvement of genetic varieties through genetic engineering. He expressed confidence that the genes and genomics are the only solution for the enhancement of the productivity in India to cover the demand.Addressing the gathering, director CS Nautiyal said that about 70% of the Indian population lives in villages on an agricultural income. Therefore it is necessary food security must be obtained fully and for this the only tool that seems inside is genetic engineering/ genomics. He said that this technology was specifically designed for the safe environment and the masses as a whole. On this occasion, there was a transfer of technology to the Bangalore-based Himalaya Drug Company, Pvt. Ltd. A brochure about the NBRI- Botanical Garden (published both in Hindi and English languages) was also released on this occasion by the chief guest Prof Khurana and C S Nautiyal.Meanwhile, at the Regional Science City, Indian Institute of Toxicology Research (IITR) and Central Institute of Medicinal and Aromatic Plants, programmes pertaining to science and evolution in technology were held. Science City started the events in which students from more than 12 schools of the city participated. They showcased science film, which was related to Science and Technology followed by a series of contests.\"It has been 10 years that we have been organising such events which is related to technology, so that in the process children learn many things and have fun while experiencing the nuances of technology. The aim behind organising is to encourage creativity in the field of technology and to know what sort of innovative ideas the children can think off in technology,\" said K K Chatterjee, education officer, Science City.Students participated with great zeal and enjoyed their day with science and technology. Out of twelve schools, Jagran Public School and Bright Land School won most of the prizes in series of competitions. \"We enjoyed the contests. The contests were helpful for us in understanding science. Our school participates every year and I am very happy that this year that my school has won most of the prizes,\" said Abishek Rathore, a class ninth.Arun Sharma, a mathematics teacher said, \"It is a great way of learning science for the students by using waste materials such as broken ceramics, paper wastes, garbage , fly ash etc to create scientific models.\"Sunil Dutt Awasthi, assistant general manager, Tata Motors organised a presentation show at Indian Institute of Toxicology Research which talked about going green in automobile industry. On the occasion a farmers-scientist-industry interactive meet was organised in which a large number of farmers, representatives of industry participated at CIMAP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13103776", "title": "Students debate to make Kanpur world class", "text": "KANPUR: As many as 45 schools took part in the power point presentation competition (PPP) showing the methods of how to make the city world class in 'Swasth Kanpur Pariyojna' held in the city on Friday.This was the first phase of the PPP competition. The selected 10 students will again debate on the topic in level two.'Swasth Kanpur Pariyojna' is a collective social activity in which socialites like doctors, lawyers, teachers are a part. Several events were organized in the city in past two years in which special focus was laid on motivating schoolchildren for making the city clean and green. AS Prasad of Swasth Kanpur Pariyojna appreciated the efforts of the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13106918", "title": "A 'rowdy gang to promote 'Rowdy Rathore'", "text": "A nationwide contest to hunt out the roughest rowdies was held as part of a unique marketing strategy by UTV Motion Pictures and Sanjay Leela Bhansali Films. Though tough on the outside, they had to be softies and do-gooders at heart. Cities like Ahmedabad, Hyderabad, Jaipur, Lucknow, Mumbai and New Delhi were scoured.\"The aim is to get the 'rowdy gang' to promote the film with Akshay Kumar, in each city,\" revealed a source.An announcement was made on a radio channel by RJs, calling for \"hidden rebels\" to be a part of Akki's gang. Those who succeeded in bringing out pent-up frustration and put it to good use would be winners.Callers shared their experiences on air. The source said, \"The hunt also gave contestants an opportunity to act out their rowdiness. For instance, a notorious member of a residential society kept littering the compound of the building. Tired of this, a resident complained aur usko jo jhada hai... a contestant blasted the litterer and his nonsense came to an end!\" Five such characters have been shortlisted from each city and now are part of Akshay's 'gang'.When contacted, Shikha Kapur, Senior VP, Marketing, UTV Motion Pictures, said, \"The gang that we have selected across India add colour, drama and muscle to the action-packed events. They will co-host with Akshay and Sonakshi in their respective cities. Fans can look forward to an event full of fun and noise!\"Sonakshi Sinha said, \"The contest was such a cool idea and goes so well with the theme of the film. The rowdies fit the bill perfectly. Let me tell you that they look very rowdy on the outside but are gentle and tenderhearted.\"Akshay Kumar said that hunting them down across the country was a hard task. \"But we finally succeeded in getting them. They are loud and proud, but lovable and humble at the same time. You know rowdies are like chocolate mud pies - nice and hard until bitten, that too by a beauty - and we just melt!\" he laughed. Rowdy Rathore has been coproduced by Shabinaa Khan and directed by Prabhu Deva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13104137", "title": "Search on for Bus Rapid Transit System bus stand space", "text": "INDORE: With Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) pilot corridor nearing completion, authorities are looking for space to make bus stand at both the ends of the corridor. After the completion of corridor, around 50 air-conditioned buses will ply on the route from 6am to 11 pm. The space on both ends will be used for parking buses in the night and maintenance work.BRTS starts from Rajeev Gandhi Square and ends at Neeranjanpura. IDA, the monitoring agency of the project has a piece of land at Rajeev Gandhi Square, but authorities have to look for space near Neeranjanpura.Mayor Krishanmurari Moghe said once buses start plying on the corridor, which is expected from September, it will require a bus stand. Though there is no place at Neeranjanpura for the bus stand, a piece of land is available near Loha Mandi. \"We will soon find a place at both the ends of BRTS,\" the mayor said.Recently, Gurudawara at LIG square agreed to part with 12-foot land, after that a temple at Bhawarkuwa has also agreed to give away their land for the project. Now officials are trying hard to convince the land from Kalimata Mandir committee at Vijay Nagar Square. Officials said that authourities of Kalimata Mandir have agreed to part with their land around a year ago but they step back when other religious places refuse to give their land. Now other religious places are giving their land they hope that this mandir will also fall in line.Now shifting of Bhawarkuwa police station, which is coming in the way of BRTS, will be possible. University has agreed to give land for the police station in their premises, but police station wanted that the cost of construction of police station building should be take care by IDA. The file related to it was pending with Bhopal , now IDA may got green signal to construct police station building from the its fund.Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13107230", "title": "India Inc fights talent war with salary hikes", "text": "Though the economic outlook and growth prospects remain tepid, India Inc paid more to its employees in the last quarter of 2011-12. Salary and wage costs for 29 out of the 50 companies in the Nifty index, that have declared results for January-March, increased 19.2% year-on-year (y-o-y) to Rs 21,234.4 crore, data with the Centre for Monitoring Indian Economy (CMIE) showed.Companies had to give higher salaries to retain talent and protect employees against inflation, said E Balaji, MD and CEO, Randstad India, a firm which offers HR consulting, staffing and outsourcing services. Ashok Reddy, MD, Teamlease, a leading staffing solutions company, also said, \"There has been an 8-15% revision in pay on an average. A lot of companies are focusing on improving employee productivity.\"However, a majority of Nifty constituents have seen a drop in salary and wage costs on a sequential (quarter-on-quarter) basis. This is because many companies would not do much in terms of training and development in the quarter when HR teams would be busy completing employee reviews and pay revisions, said analysts.Salary costs for information technology (IT) majors such as TCS and Infosys have grown at a fast clip on a y-o-y basis. Salary costs, the biggest expenditure for IT companies, surged 25.5% y-o-y for the top four India-based software companies to Rs 12,333.6 crore.Most banks in the Nifty index have seen a sharp increase in their salary bills both on a sequential and y-o-y basis. New generation private sector banks have seen a substantial jump in their payouts. Salary costs of the top three private banks in the country rose 29% y-o-y to Rs 2,561 crore. Punjab National Bank remained an exception and saw a fall on both y-o-y and sequential basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13108582", "title": "BCCI gives nod to Pak team's participation in Champions League", "text": "CHENNAI: In a decision which can have implications on the revival of Indo-Pak bilateral cricket ties, the BCCI on Saturday cleared the decks for the inclusion of a team from Pakistan in the Champions League Twenty20 for the first time since the event's inception.The BCCI Working Committee decision will see Pakistan's domestic T20 champions Sialkot Stallions, led by Shoaib Malik , participate in the event scheduled in October once given the go ahead by the CLT20 Governing Council.The move indicates a thaw in Indo-Pak bilateral cricket ties which had been snapped after the November 2008 terror attacks in Mumbai. It could also now pave the way for participation Pakistani players in the IPL for the first time after 2008.\"The Working Committee has decided to invite a team from Pakistan to play in Champions League Twenty20 to be held in October,\" BCCI president N Srinivasan told reporters after the meeting.\"This is a recommendation that the BCCI will make to the Governing Council. CLT20 is owned by BCCI, Cricket Australia and Cricket South Africa. So we will recommend to the GC that the BCCI has no objection and is prepared to invite a Pakistan team in the Champions League,\" he added.\"CLT20 will be played in India. As far as inviting a Pakistani team is concerned, it will be done by the Governing Council. The BCCI will make the recommendation to the Governing Council which will decide on the matter.\"The move is expected to be received with much applause from across the border as the Pakistan Cricket Board had been pushing for the inclusion of its sides since the inaugural edition of the Champions League in 2009.Asked if the decision marked a change of stance towards Pakistan, Srinivasan said, \"This matter came up in the Governing Council of the Champions League. So, there was discussion around the composition of the tournament this year and on the number of teams and who will be invited.\"So, a feeling was expressed that a team from Pakistan could be invited.\"On whether it was the first step towards reviving bilateral cricket ties with Pakistan, the Board chief stated, \"Today, the decision is limited to the Champions League. So, I don't want to say anything beyond it.\"Pakistan have not played any bilateral series in India ever since the Mumbai terror though the two countries have come face to face in multi-national events such as the World Cup.The Pakistan Cricket Board had been holding talks with the BCCI over early resumption of ties for the past few months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13101735", "title": "HC stays ban on shrimp farming", "text": "KOCHI: Alappuzha district collector's order directing paddy field owners not to engage in shrimp farming was stayed by the Kerala high court on Friday.Allowing petitions filed by paddy filed owners M K Joseph and Ramachandran Nair, justice A V Ramakrishna Pillai ordered that status quo should be maintained regarding utilization of paddy fields until the court disposes the petitions.Utilizing section 133 of Criminal Procedure Code, which gives district magistrates the power to prevent nuisance or unlawful obstruction, the collector had asked paddy field owners not to engage in shrimp farming. The order was issued after local residents objected to shrimp farming in around 1,000 acres of land extending from Thuravur to Ezhupunna. The residents raised objections citing lack of availability of fresh water due to storage of salt water for shrimp farming in paddy fields. The protestors had also alleged that damages were sustained to their houses as salt water gets absorbed by bricks, leading to collapse of houses.Earlier, the district administration had asked the paddy field owners to engage in paddy cultivation and shrimp farming alternately on a half-yearly basis. A final order preventing shrimp farming was issued after the earlier order was allegedly violated by owners of paddy fields.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "13103730", "title": "Man attacked at Cola by leopard, severely injured", "text": "CANACONA: A leopard attacked a man at Cola village in Canacona on Friday morning.Assistant conservator of forests Ramesh Gauns Desai said that Shrikant Anshikar, a labourer from Anshi-Karnataka was attacked at around 6am, when he went into the forest to answer nature's call. Around six attack marks were identified on his body and his right hand was severely injured. He was immediately shifted to Canacona community health centre, said Miguel Fernandes, range forest officer of Canacona-Quepem range.\"After the attack, the leopard went in the direction of Kaddo in Cola. By Saturday, we should be able to trap him. In our village, dogs and pigs are kept indoors at night because of prowling leopards and tigers. If a dog is left outside you'll not find it the next morning. So far, many have been attacked in our village,\" said Cola sarpanch Babu alias Pandari Prabhudesai.Cola had around 80% forest area, but over the years, trees have disappeared rapidly. Not much of comunidade land is left in Cola as it has either been encroached on or sold to outsiders, said a panchayat member of the Cola village panchayat.\"Before any more of the wild life habitat is destroyed, we should do something to save it or else we will have wild animals entering villages and towns,\" said Gauns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13107455", "title": "Pak 'terrorism accountability' bill introduced in US Congress", "text": "WASHINGTON: A far-reaching legislation has been introduced in the US Congress that would deduct USD 50 million from the aid to Islamabad for every American killed by terrorists operating from the safe havens in Pakistan with the \"support\" of ISI.\"Pakistan has for decades leveraged radical terrorist groups to carry out attacks in India and Afghanistan,\" Congressman Dana Rohrabacher said introducing the 'Pakistan Terrorism Accountability Act of 2012'.The legislation would require the Department of Defence to list all Americans killed by terrorist groups operating with impunity inside Pakistan and Afghanistan and supported by elements of Pakistani government.For each person killed, USD 50 million would be subtracted from US foreign assistance to Pakistan -- a requested USD 2.2 billion -- and given to the victim's family.\"For too long America has funded the Pakistani government, giving it free money, while elements of the ISI and Pakistan's military operate radical Islamic groups that are actively murdering Americans. Americans will not accept this,\" Rohrabacher, Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, said.\"Pakistan helped to create the Taliban and Pakistan's intelligence service hid Osama bin Laden from the US for years. Today, one of the most dangerous and sophisticated groups killing American troops in Afghanistan is the Haqqani Network, which is closely operated by the Pakistani government,\" Rohrabacher said.The legislation says Pakistan, through ISI, maintains control and influence in Afghanistan through militant groups like Haqqani network, to secure its strategic position and expand its sphere of influence, not only in Afghanistan, but also in Kashmir and against India.Asserting that ISI has strong links with the Haqqani network, the legislation said that it shall be the policy of the US to limit the United States foreign assistance to Islamabad if Pakistan's military or intelligence services continue to support or provide assistance to organisations that target American citizens.\"Of the amounts made available for assistance to Pakistan for fiscal year 2013 or any subsequent fiscal year, the President shall withhold USD 50 million for each United States citizen who is killed as a result of actions of Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) or support provided by the ISI to other organisations or individuals, including the Haqqani Network,\" it said.Former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Admiral Mike Mullen , had earlier said the ISI directed the Haqqani network to plan and conduct \"the assault on our embassy (in Kabul in September 2011) ... We also have credible evidence that they were behind the June 28th attack against the Inter-Continental Hotel in Kabul.\" Mullen had also said \"the Haqqani network acts as a veritable arm of Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence agency.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13104196", "title": "Goverment to reply on move to install \u2018hidden\u2019 eye in sonography devices", "text": "JAIPUR: Seeking an effective check on female feticide cases, an application was moved before the high court on Friday to demand that \"silent observer\" devices be made mandatory for all ultrasound or sonography machines being used by the state's pathologists.The device, which has been made mandatory at the sonography centres in cities like Mumbai and Chandigarh, records all ultrasound images and stores them with a centralised server to be reviewed later to track cases of female feticide.A division bench headed by Chief Justice Arun Mishra has sought the government reply on the application that was tagged with a public interest litigation ( PIL) pending on the issue of female feticide.The petitioner, advocate SK Gupta, moved another application to demand that at the time of registering a marriage, the government should make it mandatory for the couple to submit a list of gifts received by them in the marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102943", "title": "27 years after Bofors, nod for howitzer deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Now, India is finally ready to exorcise its Bofors ghost by inducting its first-ever modern 155mm howitzers since the scandal in the mid-1980s torpedoed the Army's artillery modernization plans.The defence acquisitions council (DAC), chaired by defence minister A K Antony, on Friday cleared the long-pending procurement of 145 M-777 ultra-light howitzers from the US in a direct government-to-government deal worth $647 million under the Foreign Military Sales (FMS) programme. The DAC also cleared a proposal to procure over 65 radars for the L-70 air defence guns.The defence ministry has been fast-tracking arms acquisitions for the Army after Gen V K Singh's letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in March warned of \"critical operational hollowness'' in dealing with two \"inimical neighbours'' that have forged an expansive military nexus.Sources say these air-mobile howitzers capable of being swiftly deployed in forward areas by helicopters and aircraft are primarily meant for the high-altitude areas of Arunachal Pradesh and Ladakh to counter to China.The actual deal for the howitzers, manufactured by BAE Systems, which now owns Bofors, will only be inked after requisite approvals from first the finance ministry and then the Cabinet Committee on Security.The 155mm/39-calibre ultra-light howitzers, with laser inertial artillery pointing systems and almost 30-km range, will arm five regiments that can be moved to strengthen \"threatened sectors\" in a hurry. The all-weather howitzers, which are also being used by American troops in Afghanistan , will also be useful in supporting Para-Special Force battalions to operate behind enemy lines and in \"out-of area contingencies''.The deal has been hanging fire since January, 2010, when the US Defence Security Cooperation Agency notified its Congress of the Obama administration's intention to sell the M-777 guns to India.Not a single 155mm artillery gun has been inducted since the Bofors controversy erupted 27 years ago. The biggest artillery venture stuck is the over Rs 12,000-crore project to buy 400 155mm/52-calibre towed artillery guns, followed by indigenous manufacture of another 1,180 such guns after transfer of technology.The other planned acquisitions include ones for 814 mounted gun systems, 180 self-propelled wheeled guns and 100 tracked guns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13103799", "title": "Boy falls in septic tank, dies", "text": "KANPUR:An 18-month-old baby boy died when he slipped into a septic tank inside his house in Kalyanpur on Friday. The incident took place in Anand Nagar in Rawatpur. Shiva, son of Pushpendra, was playing inside the house when he slipped into the tank.Hearing his cries, other house inmates rushed to the spot and managed to take him out. The child became unconscious. He was rushed to a private nursing home where doctors pronounced him dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13104364", "title": "Laxman's plea to suspend jail term rejected", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Friday refused to suspend the sentence awarded to ex-BJP president Bangaru Laxman in a graft case on his appeal filed against his conviction and sentencing by the trial court.Issuing notice to CBI on Laxman's appeal, Justice Mukta Gupta sought its response by July 5. The court declined his plea to suspend the sentence on medical grounds.The trial court had given Laxman a four-year jail term on April 28 and also imposed a fine of Rs 1 lakh. The conviction came 11 years after he was caught accepting a bribe in an expose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13103670", "title": "Blue baby gets a new lease of life", "text": "MANGALORE: A one-day-old baby girl with serious heart defects was operated upon successfully at the AJ Hospital &amp; Research Centre here recently.Dr Prashanth Marla K, medical director of the hospital said that the newborn was brought to the hospital on April 25, after the baby turned blue soon after the birth. Doctors in the hospital found out that the baby had a serious heart defect. The blood flow to the lungs was 99% blocked due to a defective valve, called critical pulmonary stenosis, which required an urgent procedure to save the baby's life.The procedure was done at the hospital by a team led by Dr Prem Alva, children's heart specialist. The blockage was cleared without an open heart surgery by balloon dilatation .Marla said the baby has completely recovered and is ready to be discharged. He claimed that this is the first time such a procedure has been performed on a newborn in the coastal region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13104267", "title": "Mansarovar market association to oppose sealing drive", "text": "JAIPUR: Acting against the high court's decision to seal shops constructed in residential units, the market associations of Mansarovar came together and announced to oppose the drive strongly. Around 15 market associations on Friday closed their shops for two hours opposing the high court decision. Mansarovar, Agarwal Farm, general secretary, Jeevat Ram said, \"We will not allow the Jaipur Municipal Corporation's (JMC) enforcement team to carry out the drive. The market associations will also file a public interest litigation (PIL) in this regard on Monday.\"The market associations have also said that Lok Nath, the JMC chief executive officer, did not support the shopkeepers and presented wrong facts in the high court. \"The associations will also meet the chief minister on Monday and demand that the CEO be suspended,\" said Jeewat Ram.On Saturday the market associations will also hold a meeting to draw their action plan. \"We will decide whether to close the market on Saturday or not,\" said an association member.The high court on Thursday had issued directions to JMC to seal 10 shops every week that are in the housing units. Directions to submit a fortnightly report in the court have also been issued.The market associations hold the JMC officials responsible for the construction.The associations alleged that the JMC officials had demanded bribe from Mohan Bharadwaj, a resident of sector 124, Mansarovar, as he constructed a shop in the housing unit.His shop was sealed when he refused to pay bribe. Soon after, a similar construction was done by his neighbor; however, no action was taken against the illegal construction which forced Bharadwaj to approach the court. \"After consulting a lawyer, we will also file a PIL to take action against officials who allowed such construction after taking bribe,\" said Jeewat Ram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13104070", "title": "UK culture secretary sought Murdoch firm's advice", "text": "LONDON: There was more bad news for culture secretary Jeremy Hunt on Friday as a new email submitted to the Leveson Inquiry suggested that he sought 'advice' from News Corporation about the position to take on the issue of phone-hacking .Hunt asking for 'advice' from News Corporation itself is likely to increase pressure on him to resign. Hunt has been accused of being too close to media baron Rupert Murdoch and his employees on the issue of the multibillion BSkyB takeover bid.The email by New Corporation's senior public relations executive Frederic Michel to Rebekah Brooks , former CEO of News International , is dated 27 June 2011. In the email, Hunt is referred to as 'JH' .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13109052", "title": "Mohan Babu Rejects Sunny Leone", "text": "Popular Tollywood actor Mohan Babu is known for his principles, at least in real life. Recently, his production team was searching for a suitable second heroine to share screen space with his son Manchu Vishnu in his forthcoming Telugu movie 'Denikainaa Ready', co-starring Hansika. When someone on the sets mentioned that Sunny Leone, porn star and Indo-Canadian model, is being zeroed in for the role, Mohan Babu immediately turned red and apparently yelled at the unit members. Venting his ire, the actor-producer instructed the team not to come up with 'such' names for heroine roles.The production house had almost finalized Sunny Leone's name as the second leading lady besides Manchu Vishnuvardhan. The makers also arranged for an advance of few lakhs while Sunny, on the other hand, was gearing to allot dates to the film. But with Mohan Babu's violent reaction, the production guys are now on the lookout for an alternative! 'Denikainaa Ready' is produced by G Nageshwara Reddy and is slated for a July release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "13102212", "title": "No arrest yet in jab scam", "text": "PATIALA: Two days after registration of a fraud case against a Patiala family for allegedly duping many people by offering them jobs in Punjabi University, police are yet to make any arrest. During police investigations, the role of some university officers too has come under the scanner.Two days ago, a case of fraud was registered against Amarjit Singh, his wife Narinder Kaur, son Gifty and two daughters and their husbands for issuing fake appointment letters to around 140 unemployed youngsters after taking Rs 3-5 lakh from each of them. During police investigations it has come to light that the victims were called to the university on Sunday and fake interviews were conducted in the university campus.\"Who provided them space inside the university? It could not have happened without the involvement of university employees. We have been working to find employees who provided them space,\" said a police officer. The gang members had got printed fake letter pads of the vice-chancellor, registrar and examination controller. The member used to call candidates to the university on Sundays and conducted interviews for various posts like clerks and drivers. But after interviews, they used to seek Rs 3-5 lakh from the candidates. Only those who gave the sought amount were given appointment letters.\"We have been conducting raids to arrest the accused,\" said Urban Estate SHO Kuljit Singh. But he failed to give any satisfactory reply about reasons for their failure to make any arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "discourse", "code": "13099419", "title": "Delicious food for the soul", "text": "Discourse: Sri Sri Ravi Shankar Meditation is the journey from movement to stillness, from sound to silence. The need is present in you to meditate because it is your natural tendency to look for undiminished joy and love that doesn`t distort or turn negative.Is meditation alien to us? That`s not true because you have been in meditation even before your birth. In the womb you were doing nothing. You didn`t even have to chew food; you were fed directly and you were happily floating in fluid, turning and kicking. That is meditation or absolute comfort. You did nothing, everything was done for you. Isn`t it natural for us to crave for that state of absolute comfort? And getting back to that state which you have had a taste of, just before entering the hustle and bustle of the world is very natural because everything in the universe is cyclic, and wants to go back to its source.The natural tendency is to recycle all that we`ve collected in life as impressions, getting rid of them and getting back to the original state we were at birth is what meditation is all about. Becoming fresh again, alive, is what it is. Getting back to that serenity, your original nature, is meditation. It is absolute joy and happiness; pleasure minus excitement. A thrill without anxiety is meditation. It is love without hatred or any of its opposite values.Meditation is food for the soul. When you are hungry, spontaneously you eat something. If you are thirsty you drink water. Similarly, the soul yearns for meditation and this tendency is in everyone. Hence, there is not a single individual who is not a seeker. It`s just that they don`t recognise it. The problem is that we try to look for that food where it is not available. It is like going to a grocery shop when you want to fill fuel in your car. You keep going around the grocery store saying, `I want fuel for my car.` It won`t work because you need to go to the petrol station. So, find the right direction. Meditation happens in transition. Actually meditation happens, you can`t do it. You can only create a congenial atmosphere for it to happen.Meditation is uplifting energy and mind and spreading it out. When you`re happy, you associate it with a sense of expansion. And whenever you have felt miserable, you associate it with a sense of shrinking or contraction. There is something in you which expands when you`re happy and contracts when you`re unhappy. But we never pay attention to what is contracting and expanding. We only keep our attention outside; we have not paid attention to the reason.Sage Gaudapadacharya said, \"There is something in you that is expanding that is worth knowing.\" Even a glimpse of this consciousness, this energy inside you, can make the smile on your face so strong that nothing whatsoever can take it away from you. Nobody can make you miserable or take away the joy from your life. Life assumes another dimension suddenly once you glimpse something inside that is expanding. You don`t have to leave things here and go. Just being amidst all the noise and still recognising that beauty is so wonderful, so fascinating, right here and now and that is meditation, which is supreme prayer.All powers are hidden within the Self and everything will manifest when you connect to your consciousness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13103842", "title": "Mother's Day: To mom with love", "text": "KANPUR: Markets are flooded with cards and gift items for the Mother's Day, which will be celebrated on May 13.From especially designed mama's cups to flower baskets for mummy, from attractive apparels to fancy footwear, from musical cards to colourful jewellery, the gift item shops are having everything to show your love and emotion to your mother.Apart from these regular gifts, personalized coffee mugs, T-shirts and pillow covers are gaining popularity.Owner of a gifts shop in Arya Nagar said: \"We have a huge range of gifts and cards for the Mother's Day including written letters, mementos, photo frames, coffee mugs and soft toys. The wooden dolphins are the latest attraction this year which is attaining huge popularity.\"Discounts are also offered on the gifts for Mother's Day.The general gifts like musical cards, pop out gadgets, poster cards are also in demand which range between Rs 75 and Rs 295. 'Mumma and Son teddy bears' with expressions like 'love you mom', 'mummy you are a star', are other popular items. These stuff toys can be ranged from Rs 599 to 1999.\"Among the latest trend, the scroll letter made up of cloth with quotations about mother written on it is grabbing a lot of attention. This gift costs from Rs 200 to 500 depending upon the size of the letter,\" said a shopkeeper in K-Block area. Mother's Day gift also includes quotation book, coffee mug and a photo frame, which can be bought from Rs 99 to 299.Owners of personalised gift items in the city are finding it difficult to meet the demands. Orders have been placed by the youth to paste mother's photo on stuffs like coffee mugs, pillow covers and on T-shirts. A personalised gift shop owner in Kidwai Nagar area said that the demand of such gifts has increased three times.\"In past three days, I have received 100 orders for coffee mugs, 40 for T shirts and 70 for pillows covers. The price to tag the photo of your mama in these gifts may ranges from Rs 199 to Rs 599,\" he said. Some children are coming out with unique ideas for printing on the stuff so that the moms can preserve it.Many children can be witnessed buying cookery books to prepare special dishes for mom.History of Mother's DayThe earlier history of Mother's Day dates back to the ancient annual spring festival, which the Greeks dedicated to maternal goddesses. They used the occasion to honour Rhea, wife of Cronus and the mother of many deities of Greek mythology.Ancient Romans, too, celebrated a spring festival called Hilaria dedicated to Cybele, a mother goddess.The early Christians celebrated Mother's Day during the festival on the fourth Sunday of Lent in honor of the Virgin Mary , the Mother of Christ. In England, the holiday was expanded to include all mothers. It was then called Mothering Sunday.The day came into being on May 10, 1908 by an American Anna Jarvis . Mother's Day can be traced to medieval times when children from poor families often worked as domestic servants and lived in their master's houses. In the middle of Lent, these children were given a day off to visit the Mother Church and pray to Virgin Mary. This was usually on the fourth Sunday of the month and was named as 'Mothering Sunday'. After paying tribute to the spiritual mother, children would visit their mothers and present them with flowers. Girls would bake a special 'mothering cake'. The tradition of baking a 'simnel cake' still continues in England.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "13104363", "title": "Collector says sorry, lawyer stalemate over", "text": "SAMBALPUR: The conflict between the Sambalpur lawyers and collector Mrinalini Darswal finally reached a solution on Friday as the collector expressed her sorrow at the April 23 incident and the lawyers agreed to resume work.The lawyers and the collector met at the RDC's office on Friday after all court work remained suspended in the district for 17 days. IN the presence of IG R P Koche and SP Nikhil Kanodia, the collector told the lawyers she was sorry for the incident. The lawyers also repented assaulting the collector and ransacking her residence. Presiding the meeting, Sambalpur RDC Kishore Chandra Barik appealed to both the parties not to take the issue further in any form and assured to begin the process of withdrawing criminal cases filed by the collector and DSR and the bar association in connection to the scuffle.\"We feel sorry for the incident. It was unfortunate. We agreed to call-off the agitation with immediate effect as we wanted to settle the issue amicably. The collector also expressed her sorrow for the incident. She also said she deeply regretted the incident. We will continue to raise our voice in various public issues where we feel unfairness and injustice,\" president of Sambalpur district bar association Pramod Rath said. However, he said, as the president of the bar, he felt sorry for whatever happened on that day.Collector Mrinalini Darswal said vandalism and criminal act could not be accepted in any way. It was really a regrettable incident and no one can take law in one's hands. We are public servants and we work for the betterment of the society. \"I am sorry for the incident and appealed to the lawyers not to take law in their hands in future,\" Darswal said.The collector, however, reaffirmed that lawyers manhandled her and threw chappals and bottles at her. They also ransacked her office. She said she was working normally since the incident. It was the lawyers who started agitating.On the other hand, eminent citizens of the town heaved a sigh of relief as the lawyers and the collector brought an end to the episode. They appealed to both the parties for working sincerely in future. \"It is a good sign that both the parties have agreed to conclude the chapter. This will create an example in future,\" Khirod Prasad Mishra, an eminent citizen of the town, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13108681", "title": "High level inquiry into lynching of three in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: A senior level probe has been initiated into the lynching of three Bahurupiyas at Kalamna last week. Additional director general of police, State Reserve Police Force (SRPF) Sridevi Goel reached the city on Saturday to conduct the inquiry following the probe order.Goel, an officer of Indian Police Service cadre of 1977-batch, has been entrusted with the probe to find out whether there was any lacuna in police action. Goel, camping at the police gymkhana, has been meeting the concerned officers apart from city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay.The documents pertaining to the incident, including First Information Reports and statement of the accused and witnesses have been already presented before the senior officer.Three out of four Bahurupiyas were lynched by the local residents of the adjoining slums of Kalamna fruit and vegetable market as these alms-seekers from Nath-yogi com had stepped down from an auto-rickshaw. One of the four Bahurupiyas was lucky to survive the attack. Three Bahurupiyas, killed in the mob violence, were in fact dragged out of the police van before being lynched in presence of the cops.Kalamna police has registered two FIRs in the case and arrested 27 people so far on the basis of available video-clips and manual intelligence", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13102433", "title": "Quit the party, supporters egg ex-CM B S Yeddyurappa", "text": "BANGALORE: Quit the party. That is the advise former CM B S Yeddyurappa's supporters had for him minutes after the Supreme Court ordered a probe against him.At a closed-door meeting held at his Race Course residence on Friday evening, minister Umesh V Katti and legislators from North Karnataka advised the former CM to quit the party. Katti referring to the letter written by chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda and state BJP president K S Eshwarappa to Nitin Gadkari complaining of anti-party activities, said that the party is unlikely to treat Yeddyurappa with respect following the apex court's order.CBI after the CBI inquiry has been order and he in future will be treated as second class citizen.However, some felt that it would be a hasty move. Treading the cautious path, Yeddyurappa said that he would wait and watch how the party would treat him and decide the future course of action. \"I will not tolerate humiliation, at any cost. If the party tries to humiliate me, then I will take a call,\" Yeddyurappa is said have told.The former CM's confidant, Katti, was of the view that by forming his own political outfit, they could claim at least 35-40 seats in the coming assembly polls.Yeddyurappa has told his supporters to build a strong network of 10,000 volunteers in at least 100 assembly segments and focus on strengthening his leadership in these constituencies. A meeting of his supporters is expected to take place on Saturday.Even before Yeddyurappa could return from Mysore, party legislators and ministers had already assembled at his Race Course residence here. Putting up a brave face, the former CM wasted no time in addressing the media and giving his version on illegal mining and probe by former Lokayukta Justice N Santosh Hegde.Yeddyurappa blamed Justice Hegde for the mess and said the reference for the Lokayukta probe was from 2000 to 2008, but Hegde restricted his inquiry only to Yeddyurappa's role. \"Justice Hegde did not perform his duty accordingly.He conducted a partial inquiry and made me look like a culprit,\" he said and appealed to his followers not to be upset with the developments.Exuding confidence, the former CM said that he will tour the state in the coming days. \"I will reveal the truth before the people and my supporters that I have been victimized,\" he said.However, when the million dollar question - will you quit BJP? - was asked, Yeddyurappa maintained that the question does not arise at all. He, however, ducked other questions.Ministers Jagadish Shettar, Basavaraj Bommai, Murugesh R Nirani, M P Renukacharya held a closed- door with the former CM extending their moral support him and assuring him that his supporters will stand by him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13103879", "title": "No pilot is indispensable, says Ajit; sacks 25 more", "text": "NEW DELHI: There's no relief in sight for passengers of Air India's cancelled international flights as the pilots' strike entered the fourth day on Friday. The management sacked 25 more members of the Indian Pilots' Guild (IPG) on Friday, taking this toll to 71. It also asked the DGCA to cancel licence of 11 erstwhile AI pilots who have disrupted flights (including those of AI Express as they are flown by mostly AI pilots) thrice in the recent past.Despite the tough stand, IPG remained adamant on not resuming work before the airline begins a dialogue on their demands. Aviation minister Ajit Singh briefed Prime Minister Manmohan Singh about the crisis. He is learnt to have the support of the highest executive levels for bringing in some discipline in AI - that is hoping to survive by getting Rs 30,000 crore of taxpayers' money over next eight years.\"We may face some problems in the short run. But the long term plan is ready and will be implemented. The international operations are being restructured for now (read pruned). Pilots must understand their career progression can happen only if AI survives. No one is indispensable and the objective is to save AI,\" Singh said, clearly indicating that pilots would first need to resume work before talks with them begin.On a plea filed by the airline, the Supreme Court on Friday said that if AI feels that pilots have violated Delhi high court's order (which on Wednesday had termed the strike illegal and restrained them from reporting sick) they may move the HC for appropriate directions. Despite the HC order, IPG sources claim that almost 400 pilots have reported sick.As a result AI on Friday cancelled flights from Delhi to London, Chicago, New York, Toronto, Frankfurt, Paris, Hong Kong, Osaka and from Mumbai to Jeddah, London and Newark. The airline said the strike has led to a daily loss of Rs 15 crore and leaves 15,000 passengers stranded everyday.AI is working out a contingency plan under which a truncated schedule would be operated. It is planning to have flights to North America via Europe by using the five Boeing 747 in its fleet. \"We are looking at hiring expat pilots and taking aircraft on wet lease (in which plane comes with an operating crew). The retired pilots (below 65 years of age) are being asked to return to AI,\" said an official. Derecognised IPG's general secretary Tausif Muqaddam said: \"How can we return to work when so many of us have been sacked and we are not allowed near the airports? These would need to be reversed and the airline must begin a dialogue on our career progression.\"Aviation sources said point out three things which show the pilots' resolve, of not giving in; in all past strikes the government has ultimately meekly given in to the striking pilots' blackmail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13102765", "title": "Ahmedabad: Students given 7 grace marks for goof-up in Gujarat University chemistry paper", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With printing errors in the organic chemistry paper of the MSc semester-I exam, Gujarat University has awarded seven grace marks to all the students. On Wednesday, MSc students got shocked while writing their organic chemistry paper when they found that the space for questions 4 and 5 was blank. GU officials later called up all the centres in Ahmedabad and the exam moderators were told the questions. However, centres outside Gujarat could not be contacted. A group of students on Friday made representations to GU officials following which the grace marks were awarded.In another blooper, more than 200 FYBA external students got a shock of their life when they reached exam centre to write their geography exam. \"Students found that they had prepared for geography-I but they got a paper for a different subject. Later, it was found that the private publication book students were referring to for the subject had made errors in labeling the book. A committee has been formed to look into the matter which will table its report after which a decision will be taken,\" said a senior GU official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13102094", "title": "Countdown to board results begins", "text": "PATNA: The countdown for the results of board examinations has begun. The CBSE, ISCE and Bihar State Examination School Board will announce the results of their respective board examinations by this month-end.Talking to TOI, a senior officer of the CBSE regional office here said, \"There will be no delay in the results. Class 10 and 12 results will be declared by the third and fourth week of this month, respectively.\" He added, \"While about 66,000 students appeared for the Class 12 examination, 1.18 lakh students appeared in Class 10 examination.\"The schools and students are looking forward to results. DAV BSEB School principal Ramanuj Prasad said, \"We are expecting very good results. The students are also very upbeat. I hope they will once again do us proud. I think they have done very well in the examination.\"However, some students are getting sleepless nights. \"I did well in chemistry and physics, but in mathematics I could not perform as per my expectations. I hope, however, that my overall result will not be bad,\" said Shikha, a Class 12 student. Another student, Arjun Kumar, added, \"I hope the results come on time. I want to go abroad for higher studies but I shall not be able to apply for the coming academic year if the results are not declared on time.\"The ICSE school students also won't have to wait for long. Talking to TOI over phone from Delhi, a senior ICSE official said, \"Like every year, the results of the ISC and ICSE examinations will be declared by May-end.\"However, students are anxious about the D-Day. \"I am very nervous. All my science papers were good, but I am not quite satisfied with my performance in English. So I am wondering what overall impact is it going to have on my result, which will decide my admission in colleges,\" said Devika, a Class 12 student.\"The Bihar School Examination Board, too, will not keep students waiting much. \"Results of both high school and Intermediate level will be declared by the end of this month,\" said Rajmani Prasad Sinha, chairman, BSEB, adding, \"This year around 3.75 lakh students appeared in the examination.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13101796", "title": "Loan ranger is the way ahead for Hedge Finance", "text": "KOCHI: Hedge Finance, the newly formed non-banking finance company under the Hedge Group, will concentrate primarily on the loans against security (LAS) segment, said Alex K Babu, MD of Hedge Finance. He was talking to reporters in Kochi on Thursday. \"Our main focus will be on providing loans to customers against financial instruments like equities, bonds and debentures,\" Babu said.\"Traditionally, most of the Non-Banking Finance Companies (NBFCs) have been into segments like vehicle loans, gold loans, project finance and housing finance. Hedge Finance will also cater to these segments but being a leading player in the securities segment, it comes naturally to the group to focus on loans against securities,\" said Bhuvanendran, CEO of Hedge Equities.NBFCs are unearthing the hidden potential of the Indian market, Babu observed.\"The gold loan market in Kerala was only Rs 5,000 crore five years ago, but has grown into a Rs 50,000-crore market.Our unique selling point will be to offer LAS, a market worth just Rs 1,000 crore in the state right now, but with exponential growth potential in coming years,\" The two factors that could help drive the growth of this sector are the knowledge level of the customers and technology Babu said.The company will also provide gold loans, other types of conventional hire purchases and loan against properties.As an organic extension of the services of Hedge Commodities, another group company having membership in MCX, NCDX and NMC, Hedge Finance will also lend against warehouse receipts.\"With our client base and infrastructure, we are confident of achieving a loan book position of Rs 100 crore within the first three months of operations,\" Babu added.P R Shankaranarayanan, former MD of FedFin, has joined Hedge Finance as executive director.Hedge Equities presently operates 150 outlets in Kerala and 30 outlets outside the state. The Kochi-based firm has a customer base of 35,000 which is expected to grow to 55,000-60,000 in fiscal 2013. \"Two products that we offer now - systematic investment plan (SIP) in gold and SIP in equity - will help attract new customers,\" Babu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13102178", "title": "22 nabbed for selling railway tickets illegally", "text": "PUNE: The Pune railway administration has arrested 22 people in the last four months for illegal purchase and sale of tickets at reservation centres. The administration plans to intensify its drive against such activities, following repeated incidents at various reservation centres.With summer vacations in full swing, officials have appealed to travellers to purchase tickets from authorised sources. \"Recently, we carried out a special drive at the Rajgurunagar reservation centre. Four persons were apprehended with 25 reservation tickets worth Rs 74,239, cash of Rs 12,310 and some reservation forms. They are being prosecuted under various sections of the Railways Act,\" said Y K Singh, public relation officer of the Pune railway division.Singh said that the drive at Rajgurunagar was part of a series of surprise checks being conducted at various reservation centres. The vigilance team, along with inspectors of the railway protection force, was involved in the drive.Singh said, \"Around five persons were caught every month this year for their involvement in illegal purchase and sale of tickets. We are intensifying the drive against touts and unauthorised ticket agents. We plan to deploy additional manpower at vulnerable centres to conduct continuous checking. The surprise checks will continue.\"According to railway sources, touts purchase tickets from reservation counters in common names and then sell them to passengers. The sale and purchase of tickets in such a manner is unauthorised. A passenger can face action during the journey if he/she is caught by a TTE for travelling in the name of other person.Rajesh Mehta, who recently visited a reservation office in Chinchwad, said, \"There was a lot of confusion at the centre. Many people were seen waiting outside. TThe administration should deploy staff to guide people who are visiting the centre. They should open more counters, especially during the summer rush, when there are chances of an increase in illegal sale of tickets.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "gabbar singh 1 day collections", "code": "13105907", "title": "Gabbar Singh First Day Collections", "text": "Gabbar Singh 1 day collections: Power Star Pawan Kalyan has once again unleashed his box office collections 'power' as Gabbar Singh garnered a stupendous opening on the first day of its release. Given the humongous expectations and wide release, the 1st day collections of \"Gabbar Singh\" are set for a new Tollywood record. Analysts further predict that many other records in the industry are set to topple.Pawan has been under enormous pressure all these years due to a spate of flops, yet, he stood true to his convictions and came up with a mass masala entertainer. The film is said to be a complete money-spinner and its carnival time for the mega fans. Gabbar Singh movie released World Wide in around 2500 theaters and collected 10 to 12 crores approximately on the first day. The complete break-up of \"Gabbar Singh\" collections would be updated shortly", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13103035", "title": "Gujarat girl unravels rare gene", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Twinkal Pansuriya, a young girl from Amreli, Gujarat wanted to become a doctor. One of the three daughters of a statistics professor, Twinkal hoped to alleviate pain by donning the white coat and tending to the sick. However, just before the HSC (science) board exams, she suffered from a severe episode of back pain. So excruciating was the pain that she could not even sit to write the exam. She wrote all her board papers standing. Naturally, her grades suffered. Twinkal who had never scored less than 90 per cent in any exam, scored 60 per cent. Her hopes of becoming a doctor were dashed. But the dream of leaving her mark in medical field lived.Twinkal has left her indelible mark as she has contributed to the global genome project - she has identified the gene responsible for causing rare bone cancer Ollier disease and Maffusyndrome during her doctoral thesis from Leiden University in Netherlands.When she could not become a doctor, Twinkal took admission in BSc in Amreli College and later MSc in Biotechnology. Her heart lay in research where she wanted to make a contribution to medicine. Her dream was to pursue a doctoral thesis so that she also gets the coveted 'Dr' title.She had applied for higher studies in Sweden where her sister is married. Twinkal completed MSc in Molecular Biology in Sweden. After that she was accepted in Leiden University to pursue her thesis to unravel the gene that causes rare bone cancer.The focus was to study cartilage tumors and find the genes, mutations in which were responsible for causing these tumors. Both Ollier disease and Maffucci syndrome are rare bone cancers. Maffucci syndrome is a disorder which affects the skin and skeleton, causing benign cartilage tumors, bone deformities, and dark hemangiomas to develop. In Ollier disease, there are more than three tumors in the cartilage.\"We studied cartilage tumors from the 75 tumors from 43 patients with Ollier disease and 13 patients with Maffucci syndrome and found mutations in IDH1 or IDH2 gene in 81% and 77% patients with Ollier disease and Maffucci syndrome respectively,\" says Twinkal, sharing results of her labour of love.Both Ollier disease and Maffucci syndrome are very rare disorders in which patients have multiple central cartilaginous tumors inside their skeleton. Patient samples were collected from Europe and USA. \"We found that around 40% patients with sporadic central cartilaginous tumors too carried the same mutations\", says Twinkal.The research paper was published in prestigious journal in the field of genetics - \"Nature Genetics\". Twinkal also won a research award by International Congress of Human Genetics as a semifinalist in a conference which was held at Montreal , Canada . Twinkal says her research will have a far reaching impact in developing medicine targeting the mutations in IDH1 and IDH2 genes.\"Apart from central cartilage tumors, IDH1 or IDH2 mutations are reported in gliomas (type of brain tumor). This research will definitely help to target therapeutic drugs which can work against the effect of the mutations in IDH1 or IDH2\", says Twinkal.Twinkal who is engaged to be married to be a software engineer is now gearing up for postdoctoral research in Washington University at St Louis , USA where she will probe genes responsible for causing particular skin disorders. \"We were three sisters but my parents instilled in us to think big. I want to make it even bigger in the field of science,\" says Twinkal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13101784", "title": "'Yet to decide timeline for Destimoney stake sale'", "text": "KOCHI: Private sector Dhanlaxmi Bank is yet to decide a timeline for the stake offload of 15% which it currently holds in Mumbai-based securities firm Destimoney Securities Pvt Ltd, said bank managing director and CEO P G Jayakumar. The Thrissur-based bank had announced in March that as part of exiting its non-core businesses, it would be scouting for a buyer for its stake in Destimoney, acquired for Rs 13 crore in 2010. However, the process ran into obstacles because of National Stock Exchange (NSE) rules which do not allow the bank to exit its investment in Destimoney before three years.\"The Reserve Bank of India had told us that we could not continue as a dominant promoter in Destimoney, and has given us the go-ahead for a stake sale. The three-year bar on selling the stake as specified under NSE rules is the only hurdle. As such, we don't have a timeline for the sale. And, RBI too has permitted us to take our time with it; a formal exchange of letters would be enough to conclude the transaction whenever it happens,\" he said. The bank had picked up the stake with the aim of becoming an integrated financial solutions company, before running into problems with rising salary costs and operating losses for two straight quarters during 2011-12.Investors Destimony include Bilpower Ltd , PE firms New Silk Route, Starlight Investment and UK-based businessmen Raghuvinder Kataria, who currently holds a 26% stake in the company. Formerly owned by New Silk Route and known as Dawnaday, Destimoney Securities is a 100% subsidiary of Destimoney Enterprises, a financial services advisory. A member of the BSE and NSE, the firm has a network of 16 branches and more than 100 franchisees covering 50 cities.As part of restructuring, Destimony has infused around Rs 40 crore through new investors, including Dhanlaxmi since 2010.Thrissur-based Dhanlaxmi Bank posted net losses of Rs 36.87 crore in the third quarter of fiscal 2012 ending December 31, 2011. Although total income of the bank during the quarter increased 38% to reach Rs 390 crore from Rs 283 crore in the corresponding quarter of the previous fiscal, total expenditure rose a steep 61% to reach Rs 427.3 crore.Net non-performing assets (net NPAs) stood at Rs 33.8 crore, while percentage of net NPAs fell to 0.35 per cent at the end of December 2011.In an attempt to wriggle out of its losses, the bank is planning to rationalise employee salaries and simultaneously raise capital through a bond issue.The bank management has ruled out addition of new branches and ATMs during the current fiscal as the bank is currently putting its revival/turnaround plan into action, cutting costs and stabilizing its overall operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13102867", "title": "Mumbai brief", "text": "Man gets 10 years in fake currency caseSessions Judge S G Shete on Friday convicted a 41-year-old Wadala resident, Rabi Ul, in a fake currency case, sentencing him to 10 years imprisonment. Shaikh was arrested by the Wadala police on November 28, 2010. The police had recovered 690 counterfeit notes in denominations of Rs 500 from him.Cost survey on autos, taxis on May 14-16The Wadala RTO has decided to conduct a survey on operational costs of taxis and autorickshaws in the eastern suburbs from May 14 to 16. Ten RTO inspectors have been deployed for the survey. Consumer activists and union members will also be present.HC upholds action on dealers using bogus billsThe Bombay HC has upheld recovery actions initiated by the sales tax department against dealers who submitted bogus bills from hawala dealers, to reduce tax liability. The verdict is likely to impact other cases where action has to be taken against such dealers.Group to address pvt hosp nurses' problemsAfter the alleged suicide of a nurse in October 2011, a group of nurses has formed an association to address the problems of private hospital nurses. The state branch of the Indian Nurses Association (INA) will be inaugurated on May 12 in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13101938", "title": "12-year-old killed in crude bomb blast", "text": "KOLKATA: A 12-year-old boy was killed and two persons, including a five-year-old boy, were injured when a crude bomb kept in a container exploded at Mrigi village in Nadia on Friday afternoon, police said. The five-year-old boy and his mother have been admitted to Shaktinagar hospital and are said to be in a critical condition.Hillal Seikh (12) of Mrigi village under Tehatta police station in Nadia was killed and two other were injured when a bomb kept in a ' Kouto' exploded. It happened at their home at around 1pm on Friday, police said. Two injured persons were consequently admitted to Shaktinagar Hospital. They were reported to be critical.At around 1pm on Friday, Balijan Bibi was loading manure on to a tray with a spade. Hillal Sekh, the son of her husband's brother, was helping her with it while Balijan's five-year-old son Mohanlal was playing nearby.There was reportedly a container with the bomb hidden underneath the heap of manure. The bomb exploded when the spade came in contact with the container, leaving the three seriously injured. Hillal, Mohanlal and Balijan were taken to Tehatta sub-divisional hospital where Hillal was declared brought dead. There was a heap of manure at the arena of house of Balijan Bibi of Mrigi Village. According to a local sources, She was taking the manure to field after loding on tray with a spade. Hillal Sekh, the son of her husband's brother was assisting her. Mohanlal (5), the son of Balijan was playing nearby. There was bomb in a 'Kouto' under the heap of manure. When it came in contact with the spade, exploded leaving all the three seriously injured. All were rushed to Tehatta Sub Division Hospital and Hillal was declared dead.Mohanlal and Balijan were admitted to Tehatta hospital and later shifted to Shaktinagar hospital.The rest two were admitted to Tehatta Hospital and later they were referred to Shaktinagar hospital. They were reported to be critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13103312", "title": "Villagers gear up for another protest at Sariska", "text": "JAIPUR: Accusing the forest department and district administration of turning back on their promise, the farmers residing inside the periphery of the Sariska Tiger Reserve have geared up to launch an agitation once again.These farmers had staged a sit-in in March for almost a week protesting relocations of their villages from the Sariska reserve periphery. They claimed that they had reached a compromise on 14 points with the district administration and forest department. However, the administration is not considering it, they alleged.Sources said that a maha padao (a mass sit-in) at the Sariska Tiger Reserve has been planned from May 15. The course of agitation was decided during a community meeting near Sariska on Thursday.\"The administration had promised to construct a concrete tar road through Sariska and do a registry of the land for farmers. However, the officials are now pretending to be helpless citing some Supreme Court orders. Why these orders did not come up when the administration was reaching a compromise with the farmers?\" said local politician Bhupat Singh Balyan.Sources said that a campaign to mobilize villagers was started on Thursday. Announcements about the agitation are being made on public announcement systems. The removal of the district collector is also being demanded. \"Five teams were dispatched to two dozen villagers in Tehla area to make people aware about the agitation,\" said a source.The Sariska Tiger Reserve wore a deserted look in the last week of March as few tourists who turned up for sight seeing had to leave disappointed after protesting villagers didn't allow them to enter the reserve.The farmers' protest hit the hospitality industry hard and resorts around the reserve received mails and calls from tourists cancelling their trips. Angry villagers even blocked the entrance to prominent hotels by placing piles of wood and stones.If the agitation is launched from May 15, tourism industry experts said that it will again affect tourist footfall.ADM Narayan Singh said that the district administration is bound to follow SC orders. \"We are constructing a gravel road instead of a tar road. Boundaries have been earmarked for 18 villages out of the total 20 marked for relocation,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13101811", "title": "Sourav Ganguly sits out as Steven Smith takes the reins", "text": "PUNE: When a sharp shower briefly forced the covers to be brought on soon after the toss in the Pune-Bangalore clash on Friday, it seemed as if even the heavens were protesting the omission of Sourav Ganguly.Ganguly became the third captain this season to rest himself, after Daniel Vettori and Kumar Sangakkara, but this was mere detail. India's most successful captain had categorically stated on the eve that he would remain the captain for the remaining three games, despite criticism following another unsuccessful campaign for the team.So what happened in a span of 24 hours that led to the volte face that saw Steven Smith replacing the Prince of Kolkata as skipper? The nudge had come on Thursday when the franchise owners made their views clear - that Ganguly would be retained next season only as a mentor.With Sahara group's chairman Subrata Roy making the statement, the writing was on the wall for Ganguly.Along with Ganguly, the team also rested Ashish Nehra, Murali Kartik and Mithun Manhas -- all on the wrong side of 30 -- although the three had missed games earlier this season too. Besides Ganguly's poor form with the bat, selection has been another cause for disgruntlement among the rank and file.On Friday, Mohnish Mishra, Manish Pandey, Alfonso Thomas and Krishnakanth Upadhyay made it to the playing eleven, the last one making his IPL debut. While Pandey had got a decent run, the other two had been largely ignored. Was it too little too late?Ganguly, however, seemed very much part of the team as he watched the game from the dugout. Even during the strategic breaks, he was seen in the huddle, discussing tactics and strategy with Smith. Ganguly, though, would finally realize that his days as a player are nigh.I'll be back next game: DadaGanguly himself, however, insisted that he would be back for Pune's next game. \"I have taken a break. It's been a long time on the road. Just wanted to give an opportunity to the youngsters,\" he said. He added: \"I'll be back for the next game and lead the side.\"Quizzed on the talk of a possible mentoring role for him, Ganguly said: \"I don't know. I make the headlines for good and bad things. The owners have put in a lot of money and the team has not done well. That's the way it is.\"On Steve Smith's choice as captain, Ganguly said, \"He's been with us the whole tournament. He's led Sydney Sixers to the title in the Big Bash. (Michael) Clarke came in just four, five days ago.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13102977", "title": "Mewat, Hisar use more solar power than Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: Despite the dreams of making Gurgaon the nation's first 'solar city' and many green initiatives by the state, there seem to be few takers for solar power.According to the census report, number of households using solar energy in Gurgaon are among the lowest in Haryana. Only 0.1% houses in Gurgaon use solar energy, which is lower even than districts like Mewat, Palwal, Rewari, and Hisar.The report enumerates the number of residential consumers in the state using solar power as the main source of lighting, a major parameter to gauge the success of transition to solar power. Of over 3,20,000 households, only 378 run on solar power, out of which 215 are in the rural areas.Government officials attribute the low success rate of solar power in urban areas to its steep price. Solar energy costs more than twice of conventional power that you get through the grid.\"I believe once the prices of solar energy come down, it will get popular in the urban regions,\" said S K Singh, a scientist at the Gurgaon's Solar Energy Centre, and the director of an under-construction 1MW thermal solar plant. Singh believes that by 2014, prices of solar power will start sliding, as they already have in the past few years bringing it on a par with diesel generated power.\"Market forces will adapt to this change very slowly, especially in big industrial and commercial centres like Gurgaon, where more power is consumed at cheaper rates,\" added Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13104025", "title": "Engineering student held for stealing bikes, 10 two-wheelers seized", "text": "BHOPAL: A student of an engineering college was arrested for allegedly lifting bikes and renting them out to his colleagues on a monthly basis. The accused was arrested from the Ashoka Garden area on Friday. Ten bikes have been recovered from his possession so far, the police added.According to the police, the accused Atul, 23, a resident of Bank Nagar Colony, is III year student of a private engineering college. He was allegedly into vehicle lifting for over a year-and-a-half. The police said he used to lift bikes using master keys. Ten bikes have been recovered from his possession, which he had lifted from Aishbagh, MP Nagar and Ashoka Garden areas.The police said he would park the lifted bikes in the backyard of his house and would later rent them out to colleagues on a monthly rent of Rs 1,000. The accused would also change the number plate of bikes.However, he was arrested after police received a tip off that an engineering college student possesses a large number of bikes. Subsequently, the police started keeping an eye on him and finally arrested him with the bikes from his house. The police are hopeful of getting more leads on his involvement into other cases of two-wheeler lifting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13102383", "title": "PGI staffer killed inroad accident", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a hit-and-run case, an unidentified vehicle knocked off a public relation officer of Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences ( SGPGIMS) killing him on the spot on Saheed Path in Vibhuti Khand in Gomtinagar. The victim, NP Mishra (47) was on a evening walk when the incident took place. The victim was identified as NP Misra (47), a resident of 1/205, Vishesh Khand. He was on the evening stroll when the incident took place.According to report, Mishra was talking on his mobile phone and had barely walked a few hundred metres when an unidentified vehicle coming from behind hit Mishra. He died on the spot, the police said. The police rushed to the site on receiving the information and started investigation into the matter.The cops later said that the stretch of Shaheed Path where Mishra was on an evening walk did not have any streetlight. They said that efforts were being made to ascertain the identity of the vehicle which hit him.Mishra was working in the SGPGI since 1991. His colleagues remember him as an efficient worker and sensitive individual. \"the incident is shocking and we all have been numbed by his death,\" said Monalisa Chaudhury, chief public relations officer at the institute. He has been survived by his wife and two sons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "'comedy circus- teen ka tadka' known for its hilarious concept and stand-up comedians, has roped in popular names from telly world", "code": "13107009", "title": "Teen Ka Tadka with Ravi, Mahek &amp; Saloni!", "text": "'Comedy Circus- Teen Ka Tadka' known for its hilarious concept and stand-up comedians, has roped in popular names from telly world: Ravi Dubey, Mahek Chahal and Saloni Daini. Ravi, Saloni and Mahek will pair up with other contestants on the show to compete with one another.The young and talented Saloni who became a national hit after winning the 'Chhote Miyan' title in 2009 will be paired up with fellow comedians Rajeev Thakur and Divyanka Tripathy. Thakur is known for spoofing celebrities and has enthralled audiences with his gigs. Divyanka Tripathy is best known for her role in 'Banoo Main Teri Dulhann'.Ravi Dubey, currently seen in 'Saas Bina Sasural' has been partnered with Anup Soni and Mantra. It's a refreshing change to see Anup Soni in Comedy Circus after doing some serious roles in 'Balika Vadhu' and 'Crime Patrol: Dastak'. Mantra is a laughing wonder who has received a standing ovation from the judges in the past.Lastly, Sudesh and Krishna join Mahek to form the funny trio. Krishna does such a wonderful job at comedy that he needs no introduction. After her stint in Bigg Boss Season 5, will Mahek manage to laugh and make others laugh instead of bursting into tears? Only her act will tell.But Ravi, Mahek and Saloni are not the only contestants. Regulars like Bharti, Kiku Sharda, Sumona Chakravarti and Gurpreet Guggi will also compete on the show too. Who will the favourites be? Will the small and cute action packed bomb Saloni Daini steal the judges' heart or will Krishna's charm work wonders with the audience?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13102033", "title": "Pre-conception and pre-natal diagnostic techniques cell not closed, claims Pune Municipal Corporation", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation on Friday claimed that its pre-conception and pre-natal diagnostic techniques (PCPNDT) cell has not been shut down, but only restructured.Earlier speaking at a press conference, Congress leader Arvind Shinde said, \"The cell, which was opened just six months back, had now been closed. Moreover, the reason for its closure was not made known.\" A delegation of the Congress party met civic authorities and urged them to restart the cell, he added.\"A team of four doctors and related infrastructure was part of the cell. The team, which had dedicated vehicles, used to visit various sonography centres to check whether any unlawful activities were being carried out there. Criminal cases were filed whenever wrong practices were detected,\" he said.Shinde said there were around 450 authorised sonography centres in the city, while nearly 150 illegal centres, too, were being run. The doctors in the cell have been sent to various PMC-run hospitals.However, Naresh Zurmure, acting additional commissioner, claimed the cell has not been dissolved, but has been restructured, \"There were complaints against some officials in the cell. So, the civic administration decided to restructure it. Now, new people have been appointed in the cell. Instead of making them sit in one place, they have been assigned zone-wise work to monitor sonography centres. Also, they have been told to work for some national programmes,\" he said.A senior official of the state PCPNDT cell in Mumbai, when contacted, said, the office of additional director has sent a communication to revamp the cell.Suresh Gupta, a former state appropriate authority who had carried out drives to check illegal detection at sonography centres, said such dedicated cells were required at municipal level.\"Implementation of the PCPNDT Act is a serious issue. So, if a special team is assigned for the purpose, it will help in getting better results,\" Gupta added.The PCPNDT Act is an important tool in helping improve the skewed child sex ratio in the country. The main purpose is to ban use of sex selection techniques before/after conception and check misuse of prenatal diagnostic techniques for sex determination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13102823", "title": "Closed-circuit television catch: 3 women spotted stealing gold", "text": "MUMBAI: Though a CCTV footage, the Khar police have identified a gang of three middle-aged women who stole gold ornaments worth Rs 5 lakh from a jewellery shop in Khar (W). The three, caught in the garb, had reportedly conned the jeweller by exchanging fake ornaments with new original ones.Following a complaint lodged by the victim, who runs Mahadev Bhandare Jewellery in Khar, the police checked the images captured on the CCTV camera installed in the shop. According to the victim, the women approached him in March, saying they wanted to pawn their ornaments. On verification, the jeweller was convinced that they were real gold and worth more then Rs 5 lakh; he offered to pawn them for Rs 3.5 lakh, the police said.On April 30, the women returned, paid the money and collected their ornaments. They then told the jeweller that they had a wedding in the family and wanted to buy some new ornaments, in exchange for their old ones, said the police. Even as the jeweller was busy taking out new ornaments to show them to the women, the three replaced the bag of their old original jewellery with a similar one, but containing fake ornaments, said cops. Subsequently, they left the shop with the new as well as the old ornaments, leaving the fake ones behind. An officer said, \"The jeweller did check the bag in front of the women, but he was fooled by the fake jewellery as they were strikingly similar to the original ones.\"On May 2, after the ornaments were melted, the jeweller realized that those were fake. The police said the jeweller had not been able to give any detail of the women but one of them had recorded her name as \" Pushpa Chandra\" in the shop's record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13101983", "title": "Encroachments on nullah cause nuisance to nearby residents", "text": "NAGPUR: Residents of Nayapura, Mahesh Nagar and Kashyap Layout and the areas in Bastarwadi ward, are trying to convince the civic body to remove encroachments from the banks of a nullah that passes through their locality. \"In the last monsoon, these encroachments led to rainwater entering into our houses,\" said residents.TOI too spotted that at many places the nullah has become narrower at places due to illegal construction. The 20-feet-wide nullah starts from Maskasath and passes through Dahi Bazaar, Kashyap Layout, Nayapura, Mahesh Nagar, Shanti Nagar and many other localities before merging with Pilli Nadi at Dipti Signal. Rampant encroachment has reduced the nullah to less than 10ft width at many places and it's even less than 5ft at some places.\"As the nullah has been almost blocked, overflowing water usually enters our houses, leading to huge loss of property,\" claimed Smita Bhalerao, a resident of Kashyap Layout. She pointed out that a builder had extended his plot and covered over half the width of the nullah by constructing a wall. \"During last year's monsoon we had to shift to our relative's place,\" she claimed.\"With no action taken by NMC, the nullah encroachments in my ward have increased manifold. Despite many complaints no attempt has been made so far by the authorities to remove them,\" said ward corporator Alka Dalal. She told TOI that earlier, when the nullah was 20ft wide, water never overflowed even during very heavy rainfall.\"A nexus between NMC officials and land grabbers has led to the encroachments going on unabated and this is posing a threat to the lives of hundreds of residents,\" said another resident Gajanan Rathod.This ward is not the only example. Many residents in other wards too have encroached on a major portion of the seasonal nullahs and developed big complexes on that land. Besides seasonal nullahs, encroachments can also be spotted on the banks of the Nag and Pilli rivers.Assistant municipal commissioner Vijay Humne said that he was not aware of any such encroachments. He, however, assured to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13103716", "title": "Girl found abandoned near school in Usilampatti", "text": "MADURAI: A three-year-old baby girl with symptoms of mental impairment was found abandoned near a school at Usilampatti in Madurai district on Friday. The child was admitted in the government hospital at Usilampatti and is likely to be sent to a children's home.Police said that the passers by spotted the girl child in the morning hearing her cries. She was found abandoned in front of the RC Girls Higher Secondary School. A milk bottle and few of her dresses were also found nearby leading to suspicion that the girl's parents might have abandoned her. The public immediately informed the village administrative officer, who in turn passed on the message to senior revenue officials.Later, Usilampatti tahsildar Rajendran rushed to the spot and rescued her. She was taken to the government hospital where a check-up was conducted. Members of the district child welfare committee also visited the hospital. The child welfare committee members have decided to admit the girl in a home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13106458", "title": "Pune basks in 'Blades of Glory'", "text": "PUNE: A museum displaying cricketing memorabilia belonging to the greats of the game has become a new landmark in Pune, the cultural capital of Maharashtra.'Blades of Glory', the museum set up by Rohan Pate, a former U-19 player for Maharashtra, has a remarkable collection of artefacts, which include a bat signed by Sir Donald Bradman displaying his career statistics besides bats used by cricketers who scored over 10,000 runs.The museum, spread across over 4000 sq ft, was formally inaugurated by Sachin Tendulkar who was in the city to play an IPL match with the Pune Warriors.An interesting feature of the memorabilia is an exclusive section devoted to Tendulkar with a display of 100 miniature bats denoting the record international centuries by him with details of the score, venue, year and the opposition team.\"I started thinking about the idea of a museum after meeting Sachin, who gifted me an autographed bat about two years ago,\" said Pate.He subsequently travelled extensively to various countries to approach famous cricketers and institutions to have the collectibles and souvenirs that now adorn the walls of 'Blades of Glory' in Sahakar Nagar area.Tendulkar fans can relish the sight of the T-shirt worn by him during the 2011 World Cup final as well as his helmet, chest and elbow guard, bearing his autographs. The memorabilia also includes the bats used by Sir Garfield Sobers, Ricky Ponting and Rahul Dravid .What promised to be an instant attraction for cricket lovers, the museum has a section that displays the souvenirs of the bowling greats, including the jerseys worn by Shane Warne , Muttiah Muralitharan and Waqar Younis.A highlight of the \" Blades of Glory\", which also won the appreciation of Tendulkar who spent an hour going round the place, is a frame capturing the winning moments of India's World Cup triumphs in 1983 and 2011 along with the bats signed by the members of the victorious squads.Acknowledging that it was a \"hard task\" to approach and collect the various articles for the museum, Pate said \"contacting older players was difficult but everyone whom I approached helped me.\"It was Desmond Haynes in West Indies, Dilhara Fernando in Sri Lanka and Ponting in Australia who helped him in introducing and getting across to many cricketers in their respective countries when he embarked on his mission.During his pursuit, he found Pakistani cricketers, including Waqar Younis , Wasim Akram , Saeed Ajmal and Misbah-ul-Haq, \"very nice and generous,\" said 25-year-old Pate who would try to get a room at hotels where cricketers were put up and try to approach them, at times courting trouble with security men.The museum will be thrown open for general public in a few days after last finishing touches to the wooden interior are completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13103927", "title": "Power officials warned not to switch off mobile phones", "text": "VARANASI: The disrupted power supply became the main agenda of discussion during the divisional meeting of the officers of various departments with Divisional Commissioner Chanchal Kumar Tiwari on Friday. During the meeting, negligence of the officers of electricity department, who switched off their mobile phones instead of giving reasons for power cuts and faults, was discussed at length.The commissioner said strict action would be taken against officers who did so again. Taking an account of the power cuts in the region, Tiwari directed the chief engineer of electricity department to make sure that all the areas received ample power, as directed by the government. He said if any repaired transformer was found faulty, then action would be taken against officers concerned.Reviewing the works of health department, Tiwari was shocked to know that only 36% beds were being used at government hospitals of Ghazipur. He directed for adverse entry against the chief medical officer and chief medical superintendent. He also laid emphasis on the availability of doctors at various primary health centres (PHCs), community health centres (CHCs) and other government hospitals. Apart from that he also said Anganwadi assistants and workers should impart their duties well to take care of pregnant women and newborn children.Reviewing the condition of drinking water facility, Tiwari directed the officers concerned that 115 damaged government taps should be repaired immediately. District magistrate (DM), Varanasi, Sameer Verma; DM, Jaunpur Balkar Singh; DM Chandauli Pawan Kumar; DM Ghazipur Prabhu Narayan Singh along with many others were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13104272", "title": "No eligibility relaxation in teachers test, rules high court", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Friday declined to direct the National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE) to allow relaxation in the eligibility conditions to candidates aspiring to take the recruitment test for Grade-III teachers scheduled in June.Nearly 1000 petitions were filed by thousands of aspiring candidates seeking the relaxation on the ground that the state government's delay in holding the recruitment test was responsible for their ineligibility. The state government would be holding a recruitment test to fill around 42,000 vacancies of teachers in rural areas through the zila parishad.As per the NCTE notification of August 23, 2010, graduates with a BEd degree were eligible appear for the Rajasthan Teachers Eligibility Test ( RTET) level-I recruitment test only till January 1, 2012. After this cut off date, the candidates were required to have the Basic School Training Certificate (BSTC) or Senior Teaching Certificate (STC) to take the test. The petitioners argued that the government failed to hold the recruitment test before January 1, 2012 so the eligibility relaxation should be granted.It was reasoned that Section 23 of the Right to Education (RTE) Act talked about giving five years relaxation to teachers who did not posses the required eligibility qualification. The single bench of Justice M N Bhandari, however, disposed of the bunch of petitions saying that the two conditions under which relaxation in eligibility could be provided under the law did not exist in the present case.As per the law, relaxation could be granted if the number of eligible candidates was not equal to the number of advertised posts. The second condition under which relaxation could be granted was when there did not exist enough number of institutions to teach the large number of candidates who aspired to acquire the eligibility conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "13104162", "title": "Women take oath to stop female feticide in Devda", "text": "JAISALMER: It made for an almost unbelievable scene at Devda village where scores of women had gathered to listen to newly appointed district collector Shuchi Tyagi and woman SP Mamta Vishnoi talk about curbing the menace of female feticide.The village, notoriously known for forcing women to abort a female fetus, saw women taking oath to prevent, and raise a voice against such instances in future.Despite appointing a woman as a sarpanch, men continue to rule the village.SP Vishnoi asked women not to give in to family pressure and shun the practice of female feticide.The SP also held an interaction with the men in the village and warned them of strict action if found forcing women to abort female fetus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13104559", "title": "Search stretches to third day, National Disaster Response Force divers join team", "text": "PUNE: Relatives and friends of Rajesh Dhotre (40) waited anxiously on the banks of the Katraj lake on Friday while a team of trained divers from National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) joined fire brigade personnel to search for the man more than 30 hours after he accidentally fell into the waters of the lake on the premises of Rajiv Gandhi Zoological Park. The search was halted after it turned dark.\"We have been waiting on the banks since Thursday afternoon. But they could not trace my brother. Our entire family is distraught ,\" Babasaheb Dhotre told TOI.Senior police inspector of the Bharati Vidyapeeth police station Nagnath Wakude andinspector Sunil Yadav maintained vigil to avoid any untoward incident. The search will start again on Saturday , NDRF assistant commandant S A Ahmed said.Dhotre , who went boating with his two children, niece and nephew, accidentally fell into the waters around 2.30 pm on Thursday. He was not wearing a life jacket. The fire brigade and a diver searched for four hours on Thursday, but the operation was stopped after it turned dark. The NDRF team comprising 25 personnel including four divers equipped with masks, oxygen cylinders and a boat joined the search.The team took Dhotre's autorickshaw driver friend Rakesh Jadhav with them to the lake. \"W e had to use torches to look into the water as it was dark due to the silt,\" Ahmed said.Four divers of the team were inside the water. \"J adhav was not sure about the spot where Dhotre was last seen. If we could know the exact spot, the search would have been easier. We have also checked the banks of the lake,\" Ahmed said. On Saturday, four more boats will join the search. \"W e will run the boats on the lake at high speed which will stir up the water and make the operation easier,\" Ahmed said.Deepak Argade, manager of the boat club, said he and his team went thrice into the lake to trace Dhotre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13102228", "title": "Woman accuses father-in-law of raping her, goes missing", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 24-year-old woman hailing from Charthawal village created quite a sensation at the office of SP City, Muzaffarnagar, on last Thursday, when she accused her father-in-law, Mohammad Jabir, of repeatedly raping her. An obviously pregnant Sabina (name changed) was covered in a 'burkha' and appeared nervous, as she sought police intervention in the presence of local mediapersons. Sabina claimed that her husband, Wasul, a small-time cloth merchant was mostly out of town, which had only emboldened the old man. However, hardly 24 hours after the drama, Sabina has gone missing and no one, including the police, has any clue on her whereabouts.The incident has led to much hue and cry among women rights activists here. Shaista Ambar, president of All India Muslim Women Personal Law Board ( AIMWPLB), has put up a demand for a formal investigation by Darul Qaza. AIMPLB must also take up the matter and order an investigation, she said. Ambar sought a DNA test to determine the paternity of Sabina's baby and arrest of her father-in-law.Under pressure to take swift action, the local police chose to take refuge behind a jurisdiction dispute. Talking to the TOI, SO Charthawal, Pramod Kumar said that Sabina had submitted the wrong address. She has been staying with her parents in neighbouring Kairana and not in Charthawal, Singh claimed. \"Anyway, two police parties have been dispatched to probe into the matter and report back,\" he said.Meanwhile, sources in Charthawal said that Jabir had gone into hiding and Sabina's husband, Wasul, had trashed the allegations and blamed her instead for waywardness.Sabina's sudden disappearance, said Naesh Hasan, president of Bharatiya Muslim Mahila Andolan, is a very serious matter. According to reports reaching her, \"Sabina was being forced by her family to go to the clerics for mediation and sort out the matter. She chose to approach the police instead, for visiting the maulanas would have meant annulment of her marriage. Women in the area are well aware what had happened to Imrana, so she proved to be smarter.\"To note, the sleepy little village of Charthawal in Muzaffarnagar, 74 km off Delhi, had shot to notoriety earlier too, in June 2005, with Imrana rape case. Imrana (28) had accused her father-in-law of raping her and sought intervention from the clerics. However, Imrana had took on the clerics when they annulled her marriage quoting Shariat that \"the physical contact with her husband's father made her his mother'.Now, almost seven years later, Charthawal has hit headlines again with a very similar case where Sabina, an illiterate woman married for three years, has dared raise her voice against sexual exploitation and defied her family to seek justice.Meanwhile, Naesh Hasan, president of Bharatiya Muslim Mahila Andolan, slammed the senior cops for evading action on grounds \"that since the victim had given a written complaint and not a formal FIR, the police didn't have much of a role in the matter\". An angry Hasan said, \"We can't allow another Imrana. We will fight for justice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13103540", "title": "Residents reinstall idol", "text": "HUBLI: Not heeding the DC's appeal, residents of areas surrounding Tolana Kere reinstalled the idol of Karemma Devi next to the bund of the tank on Friday.Based on the direction of the district administration, the Karemma Temple located on the tank bund was demolished on Thursday so as to facilitate development works. The residents had subsequently staged a protest demanding rebuilding of the temple in the same premises.Deputy commissioner Darpan Jain had then through the Hubli tahsildar conveyed the message to the protesters that the administration will provide alternate land in the vicinity for building the temple.Although the residents withdrew their protest, they stuck to their rebuilt the temple on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13103566", "title": "Lightning kills 2 in Hirekerur", "text": "HUBLI: Two persons were killed due to lightning in two different villages of Hirekerur taluk in Haveri district on Friday evening.Haunsbhavi police inspector GM Shashidhar said that Duragoji Parasappanavar, 17, of Chinnamulagund village was killed on the spot when lightning struck him. He was standing under a tree in his field to protect himself from the heavy rain. In another incident in Rattihalli, police said Huchappa Puttakkanavar resident of Hadya village of Hirekerur taluk died in his filed due to lightning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13102224", "title": "TOI expose dominate Nagpur University Council meet", "text": "NAGPUR: The much-awaited meeting of Nagpur University Management Council on Friday was rocked by a slew of issues exposed by TOI, sources disclosed. The marathon meeting that started about 12 noon and went on till late evening saw members cornering vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal on issues like paper leak, Justice CL Pangarkar report on NU poll irregularities, and VC purchase a Rs 16 lakh car for himself using special powers.The meeting would continue on Thursday to discuss remaining topics, including Justice GG Loney report on roster scam and Justice Pangarkar report. PRO Prashant Mohite, who was present in the meeting, refused to comment. Most members too switched off their mobiles to avoid media calls.Sources said that at the start, members flayed NU administration for its failure to stop leak of confidential reports in media. The members belonging to Secular Panel led by Dinesh Agrawal came down heavily on the administration as the confidential report of Justice Pangarkar panel was revealed by TOI on May 8. The report indicted pro-chancellor of Datta Meghe Institute of Medical Sciences (DMIMS) Dr Ved Prakash Mishra for allegedly trying to interfere, pressure and influenced the administration along with VC during elections.Earlier, on Friday, Agrawal had written to VC demanding a calling attention motion on publishing of report in TOI. The clippings were also presented. Sapkal then constituted a probe panel under chancellor's nominee Sanjay Khadakkar and Abhijit Wanjari to investigate the leak.Later, the BCCA paper leak episode, also exposed by TOI, witnessed heated exchanges between angry members and administration as former demanded immediate rescheduling of exam. The members in a voice vote expressed concern over NU stand of not cancelling the leaked paper and depending on police probe, thereby harassing the students. They asked whether NU would hold re-exam after a year if police confirmed the leak after that much time? However, Sapkal refused to take any decision in this regard while passing the buck on Board of Examinations (BoE). He told them that only BoE could take such a decision.Sapkal's decision to purchase cars worth Rs 50 lakh for himself, BCUD director Arvind Chaudhary and for GAD section also came in for criticism. The members demanded cancellation of purchase as NU was experiencing financial crunch and had no funds for repair and renovation of hostels or for purchasing generators. Sapkal justified the decision by citing examples of other VCs and also collectors using the same vehicle. He told them he personally didn't want the vehicle but allocation was made in last year's budget. Stung by the criticism, BCUD director declared he didn't need new vehicle and Sapkal followed it. Strangely, this saw members getting emotional and clearing the proposal, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13109801", "title": "Five women sitting on footpath run over by car near Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: In a tragic incident, five women were killed and at least six others injured when a speeding car ran over them while they were sitting on the footpath at a village in the district in the wee hours of today.The mishap occurred at Hyrige village, about 40 km from here, on the Mysore-H D Kote Road and the driver abandoned the car and fled the scene along with another person, police said.Four women died on the spot while another succumbed to grievous injuries at a hospital, they said.The deceased were working at a private garments factory, a unit of the Skills Empowerment in Apparel Manufacturing (SEAM) in Belawadi, on the city outskirts.Villagers, who gathered in large numbers at the accident spot, found empty liquor bottles in the car, police said.District in-charge minister S A Ramdas announced Rs one lakh compensation each to the families of the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13101916", "title": "Trees face the axe for flyover", "text": "KOLKATA: The stretch between Keshtopur and VIP Road Big Bazar was lined with trees on both sides only a few weeks back. But thanks to the flyover project that will be constructed between Keshtopur and Joramandir, more than 50 trees have been felled over the past couple of weeks to make way for the project.Flyover project eats into the greenery on the VIP Road. More than 50 fully grown trees have been felled between Keshtopur and VIP Road Big Bazar in the past couple of weeks. The trees have been chopped to facilitate the construction of the two-kilometer flyover project between Keshtopur and Jora mandir.The flyover project was mooted nearly five years ago after the most preferred route to the airport - the eight-kilometre VIP Road - was plagued with traffic congestion. The stretch between Kestopur and Joramandir was the worst affected. With traffic moving at a snail's pace, the flyover was supposed to alleviate the problems of commuters, especially those on their way to the airport. Five years later, the scene remains the same since work for the project is finally set to begin.Work on the flyover project is set to begin finally after about five years since the project was mooted. The most preferred route to the airport, the eight kilometre VIP Road is plagued with traffic congestion. The stretch between Kestopur and Joramadir is the most problematic. During the peak hours traffic moves at snarl's pace making it difficult for commuter's, specially ones on way to the airport. The flyover was proposed to solve this problem.However, the felling of trees to make way for the flyover, came as a rude shock to residents as well as commuters. They were taken aback to see each and every tree on the sideways being chopped off. The two-kilometre stretch now wears a barren look. Residents as well as commuters through the stretch were taken aback when they noticed every single tree on both sideways being hacked. Now the two kilometre stretch wears a barren look with all the trees gone.\"Was it necessary to fell so many trees? Already a large number of trees has been poisoned to death in this corridor to the airport by those in the billboard and hoarding business. It is sad to see greenery being robbed this way,\" said Raja Bhowmick of Narayantala.PWD engineers said that the pillars of the flyover will come up at the middle of the road. Was Therefore was the felling of trees along the sideways a rational move then? PWD officials defend it.\"Besides the flyover, the two-kilometre stretch will also be widened by 20meters on each flank to make way for a cycle track and a service road. The trees were acting as an obstruction therefore they had to be cleared at the start of the project. Each tree was felled after complying with all formalities of the forest department,\" said an engineer with the PWD's Barasat Highway Division I.The flyover will be constructed by Larsen &amp; Toubro at a cost of Rs 216 crore of which 35% will be borne by the central government under JNNURM. The 14 metre broad flyover will have four lanes.The forest department confirmed that the trees were felled after going through all formalities like signing a bond for the compensatory plantation. The forest department has, however, not identified the appropriate location for such plantation.\"After getting an application from PWD, forest department officials inspected the stretch on VIP Road and found that felling the trees were really essential to make way for the flyover. PWD has submitted a non-refundable security deposit to plant five saplings against each tree felled. We will take up the plantation work within the next two years after identifying the right place,\" said Kaushik Sarkar, divisional forest officer, North 24-Parganas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13102223", "title": "Uttar Pradesh needs to adopt holistic approach", "text": "LUCKNOW: Domestic tourism plays an important role in the overall development of tourism in the country. In this context, Uttar Pradesh seems to have gone into hibernation ever since Uttarakhand was carved out. Policies of marketing, publicity and infrastructure development have been largely directionless. Most policies are Agra-centric, which is primarily marketed by Delhi and Jaipur.What Uttar Pradesh now needs to do is to shrug off the Agra and Varanasi burden to develop a holistic geographical package scheme. Eco-tourism along with tribal life is one opportunity that has not been given serious thought so far. Bundelkhand has been needlessly neglected. This area alone has the potential of combining history and geography to such an extent that it can attract millions of tourists.In the longer run, an airport, along with an aircraft maintenance centre can be created at Jhansi, which has a unique advantage of being located on the busiest international air corridor and at a place where occurrence of fog is very rare.The state also needs to immediately establish a State Tourism Promotion Council headed by the chief minister and with other ministers as members. This council should be the highest decision making body for tourism as is the usual practice in major countries and states where tourism sector has done well.It is important, also to strengthen infrastructure at all major tourism corridors. This needs to be followed by developing way-side amenities along all major roads. PPP model may be adopted with credible partners.Even more significant, though, is the need to improve the general law and order in UP. For us to be ready to welcome more tourists on UP soil, the state needs at least another 3,000 rooms in good quality hotels. For example, a city like Lucknow is unable to host any mega conference of more than 1,500 persons without compromising on quality.Similarly, Agra needs to showcase its living cultural strength much more aggressively. I have seen people performing Rajasthani dance at Shilpgram, Agra. The region is so rich in music and dance that mere showcasing will attract lot of tourism and simultaneously create greater employment opportunities for local persons.(Prof Manoj Dixit is director of Manyawar Kanshiram Institute of Tourism Management)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102508", "title": "Army officers, jawans battle it out in Ladakh", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a shocking breach of discipline in the Army, officers and jawans of an artillery regiment deployed in the Nyoma sector of eastern Ladakh violently clashed with each other on Thursday evening. The ugly brawl ended with the commanding officer (CO) of the 226 Field Regiment deployed in Durbuk, Colonel Prasad Kadam, a Major, S K Sharma, and two jawans being admitted to the military hospital at Leh with multiple injuries.The entire artillery unit of around 550 soldiers, which was at the high-altitude Mahe range in Nyoma to practise firing of their 105mm guns, was subsequently \"disarmed\" by additional forces rushed to the spot.The incident sent ripples down the 1.13 million-strong Army, justifiably proud of its disciplined ethos and esprit de corps, and the entire defence establishment in South Block. Even as Karu-based 3 Division commander Major General A L Chavan rushed to the spot, Army chief General V K Singh briefed defence minister A K Antony on Friday morning after talking to Northern Army commander Lt-Gen K T Parnaik.The artillery regiment will \"eventually be disbanded\", much like a few Sikh regiments were in the aftermath of Operation Bluestar in the mid-1980s, after the court of inquiry ordered into the incident establishes the chain of events and identifies the guilty. \"It's an isolated act of indiscipline. The situation is under control...the accused will face court martial,'' said a senior officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13108019", "title": "Army submits report to defence ministry on Leh clash", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Army has submitted a report to the defence ministry about the clash between jawans and officers at a firing range near the India-China boundary in Nyoma, Ladakh.An initial report about the incident has been submitted to the defence ministry. Details about the entire episode would be provided only after the Court of Inquiry (CoI) instituted in the matter submits its findings, Army sources said here.However, sources said there seemed to be an attempt earlier on part of the Army to cover up the whole incident as it had informed the ministry that there was only a scuffle between jawans and officers and that details were not providedSoon after media reports about the incident surfaced, the Army had issued a public statement dismissing the incident as a scuffle.The Army has ordered a Court of Inquiry into a scuffle that broke out between officers and jawans in Ladakh after the ministry sought a detailed report from it on the incident.Army sources said the officers and jawans involved in the clashes will now be attached to the CoI ordered by the superior headquarters and will face action.On whether Commanding Officer of 226 Field Regiment Colonel Kadam was being relieved of his command duties in view of the incident, Army sources denied this saying the officer had anyways completed his command tenure and was expecting a posting in the near future.Sources said there was also a possibility that the unit may be disbanded after the completion of the disciplinary proceedings into the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "13101882", "title": "'Tender for Kannur airport runway before month end'", "text": "KANNUR: The process to call tender for the runway of the Kannur International Airport (KIAL) will be completed soon and the tender is likely to be invited before May 31, said minister for excise, ports and airports K Babu. The minister said the first flight will land at the airport in 2014.\"The process to get environmental clearance for the development of the airport is on and acquisition of the remaining land would be completed soon,\" said the minister while inaugurating the meeting of farmers under the paddy and prawn project of the government here on Friday. He also distributed financial aid under the Theeramaithry project.The minister said the state government will have 26% stake in KIAL. The decision in this regard would be taken soon. He said the estimated cost of constructing the airport has been increased from Rs 1,000 crore Rs 1,400 crore and KIAL has already got Rs 175 crore worth share offer from NRIs. He also said the government is planning to start a state fisheries technology institute in Kannur, with an estimated expenditure of Rs 10 crore.The government would build two modern market complexes, at estimated costs of Rs 2.5 crore each, in Kannur and Thalassery, with the support of the coastal development corporation.National fisheries development board will bear 90% of the cost of construction and remaining 10% would be met by the state government. The minister said the paddy and prawn project of the government has helped make nearly 100 acres of farmland in Kattampally area cultivable. The project under the Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana is aimed at increasing the paddy and prawn cultivation, said the minister.He also distributed subsidies to various farmers' cooperative societies.A P Abdullakutty MLA presided over the function. District collector Ratan Kelkar and municipal vice chairman C Sameer attended the function.Kannur: The process to call tender for the runway of Kannur International Airport (KIAL) will be completed soon and the tender is likely to be invited before May 31 itself, Minister for Excise, Ports and Airports K Babu has said, adding that the first flight will land here in 2014.\"The process to get environmental clearance for the development of airport is on and also the acquisition of the remaining land required for the airport would be completed very soon,\" said the minister while inaugurating the meeting of the farmers under the paddy and prawn project of the government, and also the distribution of financial aid under the Theeramaithry project here on Friday.He also said the state government will have 26 percent stake in KIAL, while 23 percent would be vested with the public sector. The remaining would be given to others including the general public and the NRIs, said the minister, adding that a decision in this regard would be taken soon.He also said the estimated cost of constructing the airport has been increased from Rs 1000 crore Rs 1400 crore, and the KIAL has already got Rs 175 crore worth share offer from NRIs.He also said the government is planning to start a state fisheries technology institute in Kannur, with an estimated expenditure of Rs 10 crore.Also the government would build two modern market complexes, with an estimated cost of Rs 2.5 crore each, in Kannur and Thalassery, with the support of the Coastal Development Corporation. 90 percent of the cost of construction would be borne by the National Fisheries Development Board, while the remaining 10 percent would be from the part of the state government.The minister also said that the paddy and prawn project of the government has helped to make nearly 100 acres of farmland in Kattampally area, as cultivable land, which was so far lying as wasteland.The project under Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana is aimed at increasing the paddy and prawn cultivation, said the minister.At the function, the minister also distributed subsidies to various farmers' cooperative societies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13103752", "title": "Blast threat ahead of CM\u2019s visit to Etawah", "text": "KANPUR: The Etawah district and police administration were sent into tizzy after letters, warning about explosion at three buildings inside the district collectorate premises, was found to be pasted on the walls of Vikas Bhawan on Friday.The threat ahead of the proposed visit of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to his hometown on Saturday has left the district and police administration in a tight spot. The bomb disposal squad and senior district officials were busy conducting searches.At around 12pm on Friday, the letters pasted on the walls of Vikas Bhawan were sighted by the employees. They told administrative officer Ashok Bajpai, who alerted chief development officer Premchand Dwivedi. Dwivedi asked to remove the letters pasted on the walls of the building of Vikas Bhawan and informed the police.A senior police official said that a probe has been ordered in this regard.Additional superintendent of police Rishipal Singh has asked deputy superintendent of police Ramyagya Singh to probe into the matter. The letters had demanded to hand over the four accused of rape presently languishing in the district jail of Auraiyya.The letters contained details of the rape incident reported in Auraiyya district in 2011, where a 12-year-old girl was gang-raped and set on fire. Three mobile numbers were mentioned in the letter.The sender has not mentioned his/her name or address in the letters. \"Sender has stated that his/her daughter Chanda was raped and later set on fire by four persons in July 2011. He/She has demanded to hand over the four accused, who at present are languishing in jail,\" additional superintendent of police Rishipal Singh.\"We are trying to match the handwriting of the two letters besides trying to ascertain its source,\" DSP Ramyagya Singh said.During further course of investigations, the incident was found to be reported in Yaqubpur village of Auraiyya district on July 19, 2011. The accused languishing in jail have been identified as Shahabuddin, Babudeen, Manesh and Chhotey. The sender of the letter has not demanded the custody of Shahabuddin wife's Munni Begum and daughter Bubbly, who are also languishing in the same jail along with the four main accused.It might be recalled here that the incident had led to a major resentment and kin of the victim and locals staged a demonstration in the area. Akhilesh Yadav had visited Yaqubpur village and assured the kin of speedy justice.SSP, Etawah, Rajesh Modak D Rao said that the girl's father Aslam had denied pasting any such letter on the walls of Vikas Bhawan in Etawah and instead alleged it to be a conspiracy against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "13102570", "title": "Gangster Act on Abhay to be withdrawn", "text": "FAIZABAD: The Uttar Pradesh government is all set to withdraw the Gangster Act slapped on mafia-turned-politician and party MLA Abhay Singh who is currently lodged in Faizabad jail for last couple of years and is facing trial under charges of extortion, kidnapping and murder. The Gangster Act was slapped against him by the Mayawati government.However, sources said, the Samajwadi Party government has started the process of withdrawing Gangster Act against Singh. According to RK Shrivastava, the prosecuting officer, the state government had asked for the report regarding the withdrawal of a case registered under relevant Section 386 of the IPC for extortion, attempt to murder and Gangster Act pending against Singh in Maharajganj police station.Shrivastava said that Singh has got bail from the different courts in two other cases of Gangster Act registered at Raunahi police station and Kotwali police stations of the district. the district prosecution unit has sent the details of the case and its 'no-objection' for the withdrawal of the charges under Gangster Act is now being examined by the law department.Singh had won recently held assembly election from Gosaiganj assembly constituency by defeating his rival BSP's Indra Pratap Tiwari who is also a history-sheeter. Singh was denied bail by the court because of the Gangster Act. As a result, he had to contest elections from jail. The case under Gangster Act has been registered against him in Maharajganj police station of Faizabad district. The case is related to rivalry between Singh and another mafia-turned-politician Jitendra Singh alias Babloo. The Gangster Act was slapped against Singh when Babloo was MLA on BSP ticket and Mayawati was in power. Singh is in jail since October 2010, after a case of extortion was lodged against him by a local businessman Vikas Singh, a close aide of Babloo, in Maharajganj police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13103515", "title": "Exits planned after 2001 Parliament attack in mess", "text": "NEW DELHI: The escape routes from Parliament planned after the 2001 Lashkar-Jaish attack, when terrorists almost succeeded in storming the main building with the intent of precipitating a hostage situation, are in a mess, an inspection has revealed.The inspection of the air handling units - necessitated by gas from a sewer forcing MPs to vacate Rajya Sabha on Thursday - revealed that the underground passages, including the escape hatches that can be prised open to allow swift evacuation in case of an emergency, were impeded by a maze of wires.Hundreds of cables and wires are a bane in Parliament and can be seen hanging loose along walls while also snaking underfoot. Officials, security and maintenance staff are unable to provide a clear map of the network running into several kilometres.Sources said that the MPs who wanted to inspect the air handling units - machines that cool or heat air before directing it into ducts - were in for a surprise when they reached the areas where the machines responsible for conditioning the Upper House are placed. To begin with, access vents to draw in fresh draughts had been barred, resulting in stale and foul air being sucked into the ducts. As MPs and officials tracked the underground passages, they found it difficult to proceed with thick bunches of wires coming in their way. They found the passage leading to an escape hatch in RS to be choked as well.But The passages may not be easy to access as MPs may have to first descend into the passages and then make their way past wires.The foul smell that alarmed some MPs on Thursday had seen many vacating the chamber. The MPs returned only after being certain that there were no risks from the gas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13107391", "title": "Priya to move back with Ram in Bade Achhe Lagte Hain?", "text": "Ram and Priya Kapoor from Sony TV's 'Bade Achhe Lagte Hain' face an upheaval in their marriage. When Niharika Kapoor ( Eva Grover) threatens Priya aka Sakshi Tanwar to leave the house, Priya does not argue and quietly moves in with her parents.But Priya's ulterior motive is to save her marriage because Niharika's ex-husband advises her to maintain a distance from Niharika. Blaming Natasha as the cause for ruining her brother Kartik's life, Priya picks a fight with Ram and leaves the house.From here on, the plot will only thicken. Sources reveal that in the upcoming episodes, Priya will move back to her husband's house and make Ram her confidante. She will try to erase the past and re-unite the Kapoor family. Also, Siddharth (Mahesh Shetty) who plays the cat and mouse game with Ayesha (Chahat Khanna) will actually fall in love with her!It will be interesting to see Priya and Ram patch up. But will she be successful in uniting Kartik and Natasha? Will there be wedding bells for Ayesha and Mahesh? Ayesha (Chahat Khanna) told sources that there would be an interesting turn of events on the show but it was too early to reveal details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13102031", "title": "United States NGO to help kids with cancer", "text": "NAGPUR: Most cancers in children up to 16 years are treatable but few parents know about this. Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) in city has tied up with Texas based Jeevdaya Foundation to provide latest available treatment to children suffering from cancers of different types. The NGO would not only be funding medicines for their treatment but would also be helping the college develop a suitable environment for these indoor patients.GMCH has formed a small forum called Cancer Kids or 'Cankids' to support these children. Jeevdaya has agreed to fund the treatment of all paediatric cancer patients in the hospital. \"The NGO will also pay for two social workers attached to the project and provide the medicines,\" said professor and head of the radiotherapy Dr K M Kamble. The initiative also involves adding certain food supplements like proteinex free of cost in the diet of these patients. GMCH is planning to put up chocolate machines too at the ward.Jeevdaya is a NGO started by Dr Vinay Jain from Texas. It has spent crores of rupees for patients at the Tata Memorial Hospital too. To launch the initiative, radiotherapy department celebrated birthday of a patient, Sakshi, a nine-year-old girl under treatment at the hospital. Those interested in donating toys and cash for these tiny tots can contact him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13103334", "title": "High court directs cops to probe fake encounter angle in dacoit's killing", "text": "JAIPUR: Controversy over the alleged fake encounter of a dacoit in Karauli district last month has taken a serious turn.Based on a petition filed by Ummedi, wife of the deceased dacoit, Rameshwar Gurjar, the Rajasthan High Court on Friday directed the Karauli police to register an FIR in the matter and investigate the allegations against the policemen.The single bench of Justice R S Rathore has directed the Karauli's superintendent of police to accept Ummedi's FIR and get the investigation report filed before the trial court concerned at the earliest.Gurjar (40), a resident of Naharpur village in Karauli, was gunned down by the district police's anti-dacoit force (ADF) in Karanpur police station area on April 13. The ADF team had claimed that it received a tip-off about the presence of at least five dacoits in Chirmali Ki Khon village near Karanpur. Even as other dacoits managed to escape, Gurjar and his accomplice Jagmohan Meena were nabbed from the spot. Gurjar, who sustained bullet injuries on his neck, died at a hospital.The family of Gurjar, however, alleged that the encounter was staged. As reports appeared that the preliminary medical examination of the body suggested that Gurjar could not have died of the gun wound on his neck, the role of ADF began to be questioned. The matter was even raised in the state assembly by CPM leader Amra Ram and parliamentary affairs minister Shanti Dhariwal had to make a reply defending the ADF's role.The minister emphasised that the medical board's report said that Gurjar died of asphyxia due to tracheal injury. \"This means the person could have died of blood clotting in the trachea because of a bullet wound. It cannot be said that he was strangulated, as is being alleged,\" Dhariwal reasoned.The minister also pointed out that the medical report said no blood was found in Gurjar's heart. \"If he were strangulated, there should have been blood in the heart. But since he was injured and was carried by the policemen on their shoulders for 4 km in the hilly terrain, he suffered excessive bleeding,\" Dhariwal said. He maintained that of the three injuries found on the dacoit's body, at least one was grave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13103858", "title": "Prof Ashok Kumar appointed acting V-C of Chandrashekhar Azad Agriculture University", "text": "KANPUR: Governor BL Joshi, on Friday, appointed Prof Ashok Kumar, vice-chancellor of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University Ashok Kumar to be the acting vice-chancellor of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology. Kumar would be the V-C of CSA for next six months till a regular vice-chancellor is appointed by Raj Bhawan.Earlier, on May 9, divisional commissioner Mukul Singhal was given the charge of vice-chancellor of CSA. He had replaced GC Tewari. But the IAS officer was transferred by the state government on Thursday and the position of V-C was left vacant.Tewari had submitted his resignation on March 21. The resignation was accepted by Raj Bhawan on May 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13122945", "title": "Bust that stress", "text": "Unnatural work produces too much stress.Bhagwad Gita 3.35*The original source of all tension is becoming. One is always trying to be something; no one is at ease with himself as he is. The being is not accepted, the being is denied, and something else is taken as an ideal to become.Osho*You can't cultivate the \"sense of belonging\". You drop the stress and fear - it comes in. You already belong to this entire existence.Sri Sri Ravi Shankar*It's not the situation that's causing your stress, it's your thoughts, and you can change that right here and now.Gerald Jampolsky*The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another.William James*It's not stress that kills us; it is our reaction to it.Hans Selye", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13101597", "title": "Call to revamp nursing education", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Nursing education needs thorough revamping to address the new age challenges in the health care system, said Dr Rajan Varghese, pro-vice chancellor, Mahatma Gandhi University on Friday.He was inaugurating the graduation ceremony of nursing students under the University College of Medical Education (UCME), Mahatma Gandhi University, in the University Assembly Hall. As the needs of the patients become more complex, nurses need to attain requisite competencies to deliver high-quality care.The new age nurses also are being called upon to fill expanding roles and to master technological tools and information management systems while collaborating and coordinating care across teams of health professionals, he said.Realizing the social responsibility, Mahatma Gandhi University has taken up the lead in nursing education and has emerged as the globally renowned top-notch institution in the field, he said.Registrar M R Unni, Dr K M Joseph, director, school of medical education, National Florence Nightingale Award winner Sr Rose Vypana, Prof Reji Thomas, prof Valsa Abraham, PTA officials Gopinatha Pillai and Devasiachen Attupuram spoke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13102625", "title": "Attend Karnataka PGET counselling from today", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka PGET counselling for medical and dental courses will be held from Saturday. The first round for dental faculty is on Saturday and that of medical from May 14 to May 17. The second round of counselling for dental is on May 24 and for medical on May 25 and May 26. As many as 11,000 students have appeared for the Karnataka PGET examinat8ion and 7,500 students qualified.The government said all colleges will have to conduct counselling at the Rajiv Gandhi University Health Sciences (RGUHS).New coursesNew courses are being offered this academic year in subjects like emergency medicine and hospital administration. From this year, deemed universities like KMC Manipal, KMC Mangalore, JSS University, Nitte University and Yenopoya University are participating in the counselling by giving 25% of additional seats which these institutes have obtained through MCI approval.\"Notices have been sent to other deemed universities for handing over 25% additional seats to the government. Moreover, the government has issued an order to reserve 3% of seats in pre-clinical, para-clinical and medicine and allied subjects to physically disabled persons. ComedK and Karnataka Religious and Linguistic Minority Professional Colleges Association (KRLM-PCA) institutions will be giving away 33% and 20% of their total seats for the Karnataka PGET pool,\" medical education minister A Ramdas said on Friday.The minister said legal action will be taken against three deemed universities that have failed to offer seats for this academic year. The universities are Siddartha Medical College, Tumkur, BLD College, Bijapur, and KLE University, Belgaum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13106787", "title": "Trainee aircraft crashes in Meerut, pilot dead", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 2-seater trainee aircraft crashed during take-off at Meerut on Saturday, Times Now reported.Pilot Anil Garg was killed in the accident.Further details are awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13102148", "title": "Dutch touch likely for U-22 national team", "text": "MUMBAI: The All India Football Federation (AIFF), on Friday, formally unveiled its first regional academy which is based at Fr Agnel School in Navi Mumbai in the presence of Dutch health and sports minister, Edith Schippers and AIFF president, Praful Patel. The tie-up with Dutch consortium Orange Sports Forum to handle the running of the academy further reiterated the AIFF's association with The Netherlands when it comes to matters of football.Also present at the occasion was Rob Baan, AIFF technical director who is in charge of appointing the national team and the under-22 team coach. The Dutchman suggested that the coach for the junior team, who is likely to be appointed in a week or two, would be from The Netherlands too. \"We are in the process of finalising it. I expect him to be a Dutchman as it would be in sync with our philosophy,\" he said.He also said that the chief coach of the national team would be appointed before July. \"It will take a strong effort to get a foreigner to coach in India. So we will bring the candidates here, try and get them accustomed to the culture and then proceed further,\" he said.Patel also spoke about India's confidence to land a successful bid for the under-17 World Cup in 2017.Dena Bank blank depleted MuslimsDena Bank blanked a depleted Mumbai Muslims 4-0 in a truncated Super Division match at the St. Xavier's ground, Parel on Friday. Mumbai Muslims took the field with seven players, the stipulated number of players required to start the match. But soon they lost another player Mudassir Ansari who sustained an ankle injury. Reduced to just six players, referee Nerri D'Souza had no other alternative but to call off the match.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13103820", "title": "Forest department to hold heronry identification drive", "text": "KANPUR: For the first time, forest officials of Etawah and Auraiyya districts, in co-ordination with NGOs and community participation, will conduct a heronry (spot where herons nest) census programme.The project will be launched for heronries in and around Etawah and its bordering Auraiyya district, with the participation of the local communities as well as schoolchildren, ornithologists, bird lovers and wildlife enthusiasts.The villagers on whose agricultural fields, 'nullahs', trees, well and ponds herons are found to nest in large numbers, will be asked to maintain a detailed report with record and data and to alert the forest department besides the volunteers of local NGOs about the same.According to Rajiv Chauhan, secretary, Society for Conservation of Nature, \"Community participation and public support is crucial for any conservation effort to succeed. There are spots like Balarai Canal, Chopula drain, Sarsai Nawar and Amthari in Etawah district which are home to around 13 species of wading (water) birds, including the three species of egrets like Medium Egret, Large Egret and Small Egret, four species of painted storks, Black Neck, Open Bill, Painted and Wooly Neck, three species of ibis-black Ibis, Glossy Ibis and Black-Headed Ibis and three species of herons -- Indian Pond Heron, Grey Heron and Purple Heron.\"Wading birds are also considered to be indicators of the rich floral and faunal wealth. Water bird monitoring is, in effect, monitoring of floral and faunal wealth itself. The programme will be carried out on a long-term basis so that we can estimate the population trend of a particular species over a period of time. Census data are valuable and are important in setting species conservation priorities,\" said Chauhan further.The village folks would be made aware of the ways to conserve herons and protect them from poachers and predators.According to SDO (Forests) S K Mishra, the Forest department had roped in NGOs including the Society for Conservation of Nature, besides other voluntary organizations, schoolchildren and local villagers to prepare census on the heron population in their respective areas.He further said the efforts of conservationist would be acknowledge by publishing their names in the census report. \"Often during drought or thunderstorm situations, stray dogs cause severe damages to heronry. The chicks of these birds often fell down from the nest during storms and become easy prey of stray dogs and other wild animals. Villagers will be asked to keep a proper watch during such kind of occurrences,\" he added.The herons at times become menace for villagers as they are colonial in nature and produce loud chirping sound and defecate a lot while nesting at a particular spot, said Chauhan. Heron colonies may contain several species as well as other types of water bird, he said.Their congregation in huge numbers attracts poachers who kill them for quick bucks. \"We would sensitize local communities to keep a tab on hunters from killing these wading birds,\" said a forest department official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13102465", "title": "Gali gets bail from CBI court", "text": "HYDERABAD: Gali Janardhana Reddy , Obulapuram Mining Company (OMC) director and prime accused in the illegal mining case, was granted bail by a CBI court here on Friday. After his arrest in the OMC case on September 5, 2011, Gali was lodged in the Chanchalguda jail for a period of six months. On March 3, 2012, he was taken to Karnataka in connection with another illegal mining case involving Associated Mining Company (AMC) and is in judicial custody in a Bellary jail till date. Thus despite the Hyderabad CBI court granting Gali bail, the mining baron can walk free only if he secures bail in the AMC case in Karnataka.Special Judge T Pattabhirama Rao granted Gali bail on the condition that he should furnish two sureties worth Rs 5 lakh each and that he should not leave Bellary without informing the authorities. The court also directed him to surrender his passport and appear for all hearing in Hyderabad. When he is required to be present in the Bangalore court in the AMC case, Gali was directed to keep the Hyderabad court informed before going there.However, the CBI court dismissed the bail plea of IAS officer Y Srilakshmi who is also an accused in the same OMC illegal mining case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13104051", "title": "Resume work or quit, teachers told", "text": "The Maharashtra government has given an ultimatum to teachers who have refused to participate in evaluation work across state universities. Those who do not report to assessment centres on Saturday will face cancellation of approval or suffer loss of pay; in the case of aided colleges, the government has asked the institutes to take action against striking teachers.Minister for higher and technical education Rajesh Tope said he would meet representatives of the Maharashtra Federation of University and College Teachers' Organization (MFUCTO) to try and iron out \"minor differences\" that are still persisting. \"But the teachers must realize that the fate of 25 lakh students is in their hands. The minor issues are not as significant in comparison . The chief minister has graciously agreed to most of their demands.The government thinks the teachers are being picky over minor concerns. \"Issuing a government resolution and setting the ball rolling will take its own procedural time. Students are the cornerstone of our universities and teachers must return to work so that our children's careers are not affected,\" Tope said.Teachers have been boycotting assessment work since early April. Despite that, Mumbai University recorded that 3.71 lakh of 5.04 lakh answer scripts had been evaluated till Friday, when over 1,000 teachers reported for assessment . TYBSc assessment would be complete by the end of the week, said university officials ; of 60,692 answer books, 57,107 have been checked. In the case of TYBSc (IT) papers, the job of correction and moderation is over. To date, the university has declared the results of 54 examinations, most being diploma and certificate programmes.Director of examinations Subhash Deo said, \"We have directed the affiliated colleges to take action against the striking teachers, failing which the university will step in.\"Bombay University and College Teachers' Union member Madhu Paranjpe said, \"We raised some disagreements with the state government today. It has sent a query to the UGC-unwarranted at this stage. They are just delaying the whole process despite that the UGC has already sent three notifications to the government, clarifying their stand on NET/SET.\"The NET/SET battle goes back to the late 1990s, when the UGC made it mandatory for teaching candidates to take the tests. But the state government decided to implement the rule retrospectively. So, several MPhil-qualified teachers appointed between September 1991 and April 2000 were affected. Paranjpe said the government could not cancel approvals of teachers for not reporting to examination work as it was not under its purview.City Aghast At A Great Institution's Downhill RideMUMBAI University, once among the best in the world, is today in a mess. Eminent citizens react with dismay to its deteriorationWhere are the publicspirited people?Where have they gone? Why aren't they raising their voice against the bungling that is going on in the university? There is no loyalty towards students and there is a lack of professional integrity in the teaching profession. The travesty of higher education is that there is no reward for creative teaching. If teachers impact society and the student community, then their public character must be unquestionable. One can say the same about any professional, but change must start at a place where there is still some idealism existing. The seeds of tomorrow's societal change must be sown in the academic worldArun Tikekar | HistorianMumbai University is like Indian hockey... in the news always, albeit for the wrong reasons. It is very sad to see the careers of thousands of students being put on the line. This is simply not done. Ideally, there should be a system in place by which not only are exams conducted smoothly and efficiently but immense accountability while correcting examination sheets is also exercised. Teachers cannot boycott evaluation work, as it is a major part of their job. The university is making matters worse by lowering the qualification of those who can assess final-year papers from three years to one. These are ad hoc measures. Ideally, they should be thinking long-termViren Rasquinha | Former India Hockey Captain and COO of OGQBombay University, when I attended It, used to command respect bordering on awe. Nobody questioned its decisions, which were exemplary. It is with great sadness that I have to admit it is no longer so... Education in a democracy is a fundament. An informed, intelligent and sensitive public keeps democracy alive. If that aspect is ignored, we are cutting the very root of a democratic society. By destroying institutions like our universities, we are sowing a very bad crop for the future. Someone must file a PIL and take the matter to court, and the court must come down heavily on the university. Everything affiliated to our political system is getting completely hijacked, and the judiciary must take note of itFarooq Sheikh | Actor", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13102425", "title": "Officials were under pressure to remove Kolams' encroachment", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Even as the impasse between forest department and Kolam tribals over encroachment in Pipalguda and Kolamguda in Virur forest range has been resolved, the roots of the trouble runs deep and wide. It has come to fore that local forest officers of Central Chanda forest division were under tremendous pressure from Kostala villagers to remove encroachment of Kolams. Risk of teak mafia from Andhra Pradesh installing their pawns among Kolam settlements was another factor that forced forest officers to take up encroachment removal drive.The two Kolam settlements in compartment No. 126 of Virur forest range are located close to Maharashtra-AP border and only a km away from Kostala village. This border area is sensitive for cross border teak wood smuggling and is under high surveillance from forest departments of both the states. Groups of teak fellers, some times as large as 60 peoples, intrude into this jungle and take up overnight tree felling. They silently chop and trim fallen teak tree into rectangular planks of six feet in length and take them on their bicycles. Many times the they have attacked the foresters who tried to obstruct them.As the Kolam tribals have encroached the land in compartment No. 126 since few years, other native tribals and those from AP are also eyeing to encroach some land along Kolam settlements. \"We have thwarted the attempt of 37 people, 17 from Kostala and 20 from AP, to encroach the land along the settlement on March 24. There is always a risk of some pawns of teak would smugglers from AP encroaching some land and getting settled there. If this happens, then teakwood smugglers operating across the border would get local hold, which will increase tree felling,\" said a forest officer posted in the sensitive area.Jealousy and competition among the tribes is another factor that has pressurized the forest officers to remove the encroachment of Kolams. \"Gonds reside in Kostala and they have seen Kolams move into adjoining forest area. Seeing Kolams thrive in forest area, tribals of other tribes from Kostala too want to have some land along Kolam's settlement. In fact, the forest protection committee of Kostala has warned of more such attempts if Kolams continue to live in forest,\" said the officer.Some of the Kolam tribals from these settlements are into poaching and tree felling activities. Recently eight trophies - four of sambar and four of spotted deer - were recovered from Somu Supari Sidam during the anti-encroachment drive. Similarly three offences related to illegal felling has been registered against different Kolam tribals of Pipalguda this year.As per forest department record, 20 families of Kolam from Piplagaon had moved into reserve forest in compartment No. 126 in March 2009 to form Pipalguda, while 11 families from Patan in Jiwti tehsil had moved into same area in April 2010 to raise Kolamguda settlement. Officers of Virur forest range had in the past registered cases for encroaching forest land and the matter is still sub judice.Kolams agitation successfulThirty-one Kolam families, who were agitation before CCF office in Chandrapur, returned to their settlement and began reconstruction of their houses. On May 5 and 6 foresters had removed the encroachment and demolished their houses in two settlements in compartment No. 126 in Virur range. Around 100 tribals including women and children had then walked 55km to Chandrapur under the banner of Shramik Elgar organization and besieged the gate of CCF office for two days.After forest department mutely gave in to their agitation, the tribals went back to reclaim their lands at the same place in the jungle. Tribal development department has approved the an aid of Rs 2,000 and food grains to each of the troubled Kolam families. A social organization has provided Rs 20,000 to these tribals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13101416", "title": "Approach road remains on paper", "text": "KOCHI: It is almost two years since the Pullepady railway over bridge (ROB) was opened to the public. But, the proposed 200 metre approach road has still not been constructed, nor have the lights been installed on the bridge.And this despite chief minister Ommen Chandy's assurance that the government would provide Rs 25 crore for carrying out the project.Criticizing the lackadaisical approach of the Kochi Corporation, the Ernakulam Vikasana Samithi (EVS) said motorists were now being forced to cover two kilometres instead of 200 metres to reach Pullepady from Padma Junction. The vehicles have to take Veekshanam Road and Arangathu Road to reach the ROB.\"With construction work going on at North ROB, vehicles are being diverted through Pullepady ROB. This has resulted in increased traffic on this stretch. To make matters worse, the corporation has not installed lights on the ROB,\" said EVS president K Lakshmi Narayanan. When contacted, the corporation maintained that it was unable to acquire land for the approach road. The plan was to execute the project under Transfer of Development Rights (TDR). As per TDR norms, land owners will be given relaxations in construction of buildings, and they will also have the right to transfer the property.\"The government has already issued TDR notification. The corporation is yet to identify the areas which will receive the benefits. So, we have approached the government to provide clarity on this aspect,\" said K J Sohan, chairman, Town Planning Committee.Apart from Pullepady ROB, the local body has also to execute the works of Pachalam, Atlantis and Thammanam ROBs. The Roads and Bridges Development Corporation-Kerala is constructing the Thammanam ROB. Officials said formal notification has been issued for acquiring land for the construction of Atlantis ROB. But, the civic-body has not yet finalized the plan for the Pachalam ROB.\"Disputes regarding the width of Pachalam ROB are yet to be resolved. For constructing the project under JNNURM scheme, it is mandatory that the bridge should have a width of 22 metres. But, some councillors and the public want the width reduced to 12 metres. Unless the corporation reaches a consensus on this issue, we will not be able to take it forward,\" added Sohan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13104108", "title": "Woman, 4 others held for auto driver\u2019s murder", "text": "HYDERABAD: Five persons were arrested on Friday for allegedly killing an auto driver who was said to be forcing a married woman to marry him, at Shanthi Nagar in Kacheguda on Friday.East Zone police said that Raju Goud, 27, was killed by Sham Raj, Bala Krishna, K Sanju, S Anand and Bhanu Priya on last Saturday. During the investigation, police came to know that Raju Goud had been harassing Bhanu Priya and asking her to marry him. Bhanu Priya works as a receptionist in a private company.``A few months ago, Bhanu Priya hired Raju Goud's auto and subsequently he maintained rapport with her. Raju, who knew her phone number, started making advances by frequently calling her. Unable to bear the torture, Bhanu Priya informed her uncles Sham Raju and Bala Krishna,'' deputy commissioner of police (East Zone) Y Gangadhar said.Police said that it was on Saturday, Sham and Bala Krishna asked Bhanu Priya to call Raju Goud to Shanti Nagar, Kacheguda, to discuss and settle the issue. But when Raju Goud came to the location, he was attacked with a boulder by Sham and Bala Krishna, who were supported by their friends, Sanju and Anand. Later the body was partially burnt and thrown near the Musi. The next morning the body was discovered by locals who informed the police. Following the investigation, the five were arrested for the murder. The victim is a resident of Jillelaguda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13101389", "title": "Office bearers vs officials cold war stalls civic decisions", "text": "NAGPUR: Probably for the first time, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) standing committee on Friday rejected all the proposals on the agenda including some related to increase in revenue. It followed a cold war going on between the committee members and officials, sources said.The proposal related to high-rise building fund to be built through charge for issuing no objection certificate (NOC) to tall buildings was also sent back to the fire department. A senior NMC official said this would jeopardize attempts by fire department to buy fire fighting equipment for high-rises. The committee was informed of this need. Though fire department has already collected Rs 2.27 crore in the fund, the standing committee sent back the proposal. It came as a surprise for officials who said on the one hand the committee itself was stressing on finding new revenue sources but on the other denying approval to such steps.Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari denied any cold war was going on with officials. \"The proposal is related to increase in revenue and will be entertained. The problem is that it was submitted just for committee's information. Any proposal related to finance has to first get approval from committee. If committee would have approved it today, the same trend of sidelining the bylaws would begin. Therefore, it was sent back directing the officials to correct it,\" he said.Sources told TOI the members were upset with municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal for several reasons including denial of rooms for party offices and ongoing anti-encroachment drive. \"Therefore, the members too decided to act strictly according to the bylaws. The proposal to issue work order for construction of electronic pollution and temperature indicators at 50 squares was also sent back. This too would have brought in revenue and was also important from environment point of view,\" said sources.Of the remaining four proposals, three were sent back and one kept pending in the meeting that went on for around 3.30 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102554", "title": "Zameeruddin Shah is new Aligarh Muslim University vice-chancellor", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lt Gen (Retd) Zameeruddin Shah was on Friday appointed as the new vice-chancellor of Aligarh Muslim University (AMU). Shah, who is currently a member of the Armed Forces Tribunal, has been appointed for a period of five years or till he attains the age of 70 years, whichever is earlier, informed an official of Union human resource development ministry in a statement.\"Lt Gen Shah will put in his papers to the Armed Forces Tribunal and is expected to assume duties as vice-chancellor shortly,\" said an AMU spokesperson. Lt Gen Zameeruddin Shah, the elder brother of actor Naseeruddin Shah , made it to the top post, beating two other short-listed candidates--Noor Mohammad, who retired as the secretary of the National Disaster Management Authority, and Syed Khalid Rizvi, a retired additional DGP of UP.Sources said President Pratibha Patil , Visitor of the University, was expected to put her seal of approval on Shah's appointment after her return from abroad. The AMU Court, the highest governing body of the university, had shortlisted a panel of three names for the post and forwarded it to the President.The University has been without a Vice-Chancellor for a month now, and eminent Muslims are lobbying for an expeditious appointment. Former Rajya Sabha member Wasim Ahmad, who met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Tuesday, said the latter assured him that there would be no further delay in making the appointment and a decision to this effect would follow shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "tharike", "code": "13103408", "title": "Missing a bus for a friend kept him safe", "text": "THARIKE: There are a few instances when you thank the unknown for saving your life by a thin margin. And these instances stay with you throughout your life, often reminding you how uncertain the life is from moment to moment. A similar incident stays fresh in Satish Gulati's mind even after 30 years.In 1982, a bus coming from Mandi Gobindgarh towards Patiala had fallen in a canal killing over 15 people in the accident. But, fortune played one last card when the bus had stopped in Sirhind before heading to Patiala, and to the unknown, unfortunate fall.Gulati, a resident of Tharike, was urged by his friend Ravinder Marwaha to stay back for tea and catch the next bus. Gulati agreed reluctantly, but it didn't take long for him to thank god for this decision. Soon, someone coming from Patiala, informed him the bus had toppled into a canal a few kilometres away on Patiala road. ''I rushed to the canal immediately and saw many had died and some were injured in the accident. Whenever I cross that canal, I thank my friend and almighty for the narrow escape,'' said Gulati.Gulati, 50, was just 20-year-old then and used to work as a medical representative in Patiala. He was returning from Mandi Gobindgarh after some official work, when he came across Ravinder in Sirhind.''I was in a hurry to reach Patiala that day, but Ravinder's request was so gentle that I couldn't refuse. We hadn't even finished our tea when the news about the accident came in,'' said Gulati.A publisher by profession today, Gulati said he was sitting in the front seat beside the driver's that day. ''Just the thought of that day sends shivers down my spine. Even the driver didn't survive,'' he added.The incident revealed the thin line between life and death to Gulati, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13104399", "title": "Brahmagiri flares up again, 2 killed", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Two persons were killed and four others injured in a fight between two rival groups at Gambhari village within Brahmagiri police limits in Puri district on Friday. It was the third incident of violence in the village because of Congress-BJD rivalry after panchayat elections in February, police said.Police said a youth identified as Sudhakar Dalei, was shot dead half a km away from the village near a prawn \"gheri\" in Chilika. In retaliation, the opposite party lynched 87-year-old man, Basudev Jena, to death. \"Unfortunately, there was again a group clash in Gambhari. One person from either side was killed,\" SP (Puri) Anup Kumar Sahoo said.Armed supporters of the two parties fought a pitched battle for over three hours before police gained entry into the village by firing rubber bullets and tear gas. Police could not arrest anyone as all male members of the village fled. Four platoon of police force have been deployed in the village. Police have continued a manhunt to nab the accused, the district police chief said.The village with a 3,000 population is surrounded by Chilika water on three sides and forest on one side. Police said most villagers own boat and can easily flee into the lagoon water. Police are helpless as it is ill-equipped to patrol the water, police said.Police said the frequent incidents of violence in the village were the result of the battle of supremacy between two factions owing allegiance to ruling BJD and opposition Congress. The village is tense ever since results of panchayat elections were announced. On March 8, the two rival groups had indulged in hurling bombs at each other. Over 30 houses were burnt down in the hostility. Police had arrested five persons then. On February 25, around 60 houses were burnt even as the two warring factions exchanged fire. Police had nabbed the six during a crackdown on an island in Chilika. Crude bombs and live ammunition were seized from them. Apart from the 11 arrests, 75 persons from the village had obtained bail from the court after the incidents in February and March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13101989", "title": "Rs 1.8L stolen from bag at airport in Pune", "text": "PUNE: The Airport police on Friday booked an unidentified person for allegedly stealing Rs 1.80 lakh from the bag of a passenger of a private airline. The incident took place at Lohegaon airport on May 8.A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Amar Deepak Bhandarwar (33) of Wardha with the Airport police station. The incident took place when Bhandarwar was flying to Nagpur by a private airline on May 8.Police sub-inspector of the Airport police station A N Shahane said that when Bhandarwar reached Nagpur, he found that Rs 1.80 kept in his bag was missing. He lodged a complaint with the Sonegaon police station in Nagpur. \"The case has been transferred to the Airport police station as the incident took place at Lohegaon airport,\" he said.Shahane said the Bhandarwar had come to Pune for some work. Early in the morning on May 8, he had to catch a flight to Nagpur.\"He gave his bag for scanning without locking it and went to take his boarding pass. After getting the boarding pass, he handed over the bag to the employee of the airline and boarded the plane.\"He said that as per the complaint the incident took place before Bhandarwar boarded the plane. \"We are investigating further,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13102203", "title": "Engineering colleges up in arms over 'proposed' syllabus in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: The engineering colleges affiliated to Nagpur University are baffled by the proposed changes in first year syllabus and introduction of semester pattern from forthcoming session. With the new session commencing in two months, they are yet to receive copies of the new course or the scheme of examination. Moreover, due to semester pattern, exams will now be conducted in November-December and colleges might land up in trouble for not completing the syllabus in time.College managements told TOI that new engineering Board of Studies (BoS) diluted the syllabus by not giving enough weightage to subjects like mathematics, English, basic sciences and humanities. They said the draft syllabus prepared by then engineering dean Dinesh Agrawal was better and had provided proper weightage to all subjects. Now, the syllabus has been altered and modified under the supervision of new BoS.However, dean Ravindra Kshirsagar categorically denied any such thing, questioning the colleges about their source of information, since NU was yet to issue new syllabus. \"These rumours have been around since last many months and a query was even raised in the Academic Council meeting. I assure them that proper weightage would be given to all subjects, but we also have to consider that syllabus should be changed as per latest trends globally. Moreover, we also have included credit system from this year and therefore the syllabus has to be altered to suit the system,\" he said.Kshirsagar admitted that preparation of new syllabus was taking time as there were many changes to be incorporated while ensure there were no legal problems in future. \"We want to give foolproof syllabus which will not have any blunders. Moreover, making it as per new credit system is a bit complicated,\" Kshirsagar said, adding that he had read the news of syllabus not being upgraded since last decade in TOI and started acting on it since then.However, the colleges are not ready to believe the dean's assurances. According to them, removing humanities will have a drastic impact on the employability of staff members. They objected to the admission criterion being reduced to 45%, saying that it will result in a decline in quality of students.\"The new syllabus was submitted to higher bodies without deliberation with teachers. Also, suggestions borne out of well-thought deliberations at various NU workshops over last two years were ignored,\" a management member said.Another added that when the teachers expressed their concerns to vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal, they were directed to the dean, who tried to suppress the demands. \"The teachers have resolved to approach the chancellor again and seek judicial intervention if necessary,\" he warned, adding that due to these changes, many teachers may end up losing their jobs.(With inputs by Aarzoo Singh)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13102836", "title": "Cops look for 2 Belapur rapist-killers", "text": "The two accused, both in their 20s, who had raped two women and left one of them dead inside a cavity in the underside of a flyover at CBD-Belapur, are street dwellers and do not have a fixed address, making it difficult for the police to trace them.\"The accused have fled from where they usually stay,\" an investigator said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13104180", "title": "Why Oriyas find Chennai warm and hospitable", "text": "CHENNAI: On Friday, Vijaykumar Sahu and his wife Mamata were up with the sun. For the couple, along with more than 100 other Oriya daily wage labourers, had to travel from beyond Gummidipoondi to get a glimpse of Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik.\"It's really exciting that he has come down to Chennai. None of us went to work today,\" said Sahu, smiling. \"We celebrate Utkal Dibas every year but this time it has become really special. Sahu was one of the 3,000 Oriyas who crammed the centenary auditorium at the University of Madras. For the community, seeing the chief minister of Tamil Nadu along with the CM of their home state was symbolic of the strong bond the two states share.\"Chennai and its suburbs are home to about two lakh Oriyas,\" said Santanu Kumar Jena, joint secretary of The Utkal Association of Madras. \"We have people from all walks of life, from TN chief secretary Debendranath Sarangi and Chennai police commissioner JK Tripathy to doctors, engineers and a large number of labourers,\" said Jena, who has been living in Chennai for the last 25 years.Many Oriyas came down to the city to join the engineering colleges here. \"In the 1970s, a lot of young boys came down to Chennai to study as there were hardly any engineering colleges in Odisha,\" said Dr Purnendu Misra, principal officer and joint director general of the ministry of shipping.\"It is easy to integrate with the society here as people are very accepting and there is not much difference between the two cultures,\" said Misra. \"Some even got married to women here.\" With plenty of job opportunities in Chennai, many found employment and settled down in a city they found warm and accommodating.According to old-timers, the link between Chennai and Odisha goes further back. \"What we call Odisha today was formerly Utkal and before that Kalinga,\" said Jena. \"The Kalinga Province covered up to Vijayanagaram Province and part of Madras Province, so there is a strong connection. Also, the Gajapati of Puri married Padmavati, Princess of Kancheepuram.\" Certain pockets in the city are becoming strongholds of the Oriya community. \"There is a significant number of Oriyas in Velachery and parts of Nanganallur,\" said Misra. Naganallur has its own Oriya association.Vishwanath Debarta, who came down to Chennai in 1988, feels at home here. \"My daughter is married to an Oriya, who is settled here,\" he said. But occasions like these are a time for people like him to remember and honour their roots. \"We like to preserve our cultural identity and such events help us keep in touch with our community.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13101892", "title": "CCTV at auto bays in railway station", "text": "KOZHIKODE: In an attempt to rein in erring auto drivers, city traffic police are planning to install closed-circuit television cameras (CCTV) at autorickshaw bays of Kozhikode railway station.The proposal to install cameras came up in a meeting of city traffic police officials and a section of the autorickshaw drivers held here on Thursday. The meeting was convened following flash strike by a section of autorickshaw drivers, terming the charge for prepaid autos insufficientHowever, to install cameras the railways will have to give permission.The prepaid auto service from the station was reintroduced recently after being stopped last February following protests by a section of auto drivers.\"If cameras are installed in auto bays, it would be easy to identify erring drivers,\" said T V Noushad, secretary, District Motor Engineering Workers Union affiliated to CITU.He said it was the part-time drivers who are generally the troublemakers, but all drivers get the blame.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13104206", "title": "Rajasthan to frame policy for girls", "text": "JAIPUR: Acknowledging that girls' fetuses are being aborted and killed mercilessly, the state government has decided to formulate a \"girls' policy\" with an aim to intensify fight against female feoticide.The decision was taken during a meeting of chief minister Ashok Gehlot with various NGOs, social activists, state government officials, doctors and other organizations working in cooperation with the state government held on female feoticide at OTS on Friday.\"I have directed principal health secretary B N Sharma to design the policy. Since we have just taken the decision, it will take some time to know what provisions it will have for the benefit of the girls,\" Gehlot said.In the last five days, the state government has shifted to proactive mode on curbing female feticide, soon after film star Aamir Khan took up the matter in a TV programme last Sunday. During the past five days, Gehlot actively participated in the matter and he persuaded the Rajasthan high court chief justice on forming a fast track court for the matter. Further, he has also decided to formulate a girls' policy.Gehlot informed that the chief justice has agreed to form the fast track court and now state government would send a proposal in this regard to the high court.Thanks to Aamir as he had made the state government initiate against on female feticide, something even Prime Minister Manmohan Singh could not do so to a certain extent.Last year Singh had shot off a letter to Gehlot after the census revealed a skewed sex ratio in the state. Singh had said in the letter, \"I would earnestly request you to consider putting in place a concerted plan of action to strengthen the implementation of the PCPNDT Act and involve all sections of the civil society, including religious and community leaders and political representatives, to spread awareness and remove the lingering prejudices against women in our society.\"\"We also need to create conditions conducive to the healthy and dignified survival of the girl, which is possible through better schooling, safe upbringing and empowerment,\" the PM had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102723", "title": "Power demand surges in Delhi, discoms brace for peak summer", "text": "NEW DELHI: Power demand in the city is slowly rising. While there is some time before last year's peak demand of 5,028 MW is surpassed, discoms say the power consumption has considerably peaked in the last several days and is already more than the same period last year.Officials say that if the trend continues, then in all likelihood the power demand will reach its peak much sooner than expected.In BSES Yamuna Power Limited's (BYPL) area of east and central Delhi, the power demand in May itself has surpassed all previous records, officials said. On May 10, the power demand in BYPL's area touched an all-time high of 1237 MW, its highest ever, surpassing its earlier record of 1195 MW. The peak demand on May 11 was 4633 MW - 5% more than the corresponding figure of 4423 MW last year.Ramesh Narayanan, CEO, BYPL said, \"The tremendous growth being witnessed in east Delhi is the reason behind this incessant growth of power demand in the area. Consumers should remember that it takes almost 1kg of coal to produce just 1 unit of power. The peak power demand in BYPL area, which reached 1195MW during the summer of 2011, is expected to be around the 1350 MW in the coming summer months. To avoid power shortage this summer, BYPL has made arrangements for around 1450 MW of power. Though primarily this power is through long-term arrangements, a part of it (about 150-200 MW) is also through power-banking arrangement with other states.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102549", "title": "BJP changes rule, Gadkari gets 2nd term", "text": "NEW DELHI: Procedural decks have been cleared for Nitin Gadkari to get a second term as BJP chief, with party office-bearers approving an amendment which would enable functionaries to get two back-to-back tenures.He will be the second BJP chief to serve two consecutive terms. L K Advani was the first to get two straight terms before the party amended its constitution to bar the incumbent from getting re-elected as party chief.A meeting of party office-bearers approved the amendment which, though generic, appears to have been specifically scripted to implement the wish of RSS leadership to continue with Gadkari for another term. However, the amendment will be so worded to ensure that back-to-back terms to heads of party units, from the national president right down to the district level, are given only in exceptional circumstances and don't become the norm.The amendment is set to be adopted at the two-day meeting of the BJP national executive beginning on May 24 in Mumbai.Although the re-appointment is required to be ratified by the party's national council, getting the nod of the larger body will just be a formality, and Gadkari can start functioning straightaway.The second term for Gadkari reflects RSS leadership's assessment that he is the best bet, as well as its anxiety to put its house in order before the 2014 general elections. His appointment as party chief, a decision of RSS, came as a surprise because of both his unfamiliarity with the ways of Delhi Durbar and his relatively young age.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13102146", "title": "Police to conduct security audit of vital installations in Pune", "text": "PUNE: The Pune police commissionerate has issued instructions to all zonal deputy commissioners of police to conduct security audit of all vital installations in the city.Joint commissioner of police (law and order) Sanjeev Kumar Singhal on Thursday said, \"The instructions were issued following directions to this effect from the office of the state director general of police.\"Pune is considered to be on the radar of terrorists. On February 13, 2010, a bomb blast ripped through German Bakery in Koregaon Park in which 17 people were killed and 64 injured. The German Bakery is close to the Osho Ashram and diagonally across the Jewish Chabad House. David Coleman Headley , a suspect in the 26/11 Mumbai attacks, had carried out a recce of the area. Headley had stayed at the Surya Villa Hotel in Koregaon Park, which is close to the blast site.Senior police officials have been told to conduct security audit at army installations, malls, multiplexes, hotels, theatres, airport, railway stations, bus depots, hospitals and other government departments.Singhal said, zonal deputy commissioners of police, assistant commissioners of police and police inspectors will be involved in carrying out the security audit. Besides the city police, the state intelligence department will also be involved in the process. After the process of conducting the audit is finalised, all the vital installations will be categorised into groups of A, B and C.Singhal said the audit process will review the existing security arrangements and suggest measures to be taken if needed. Carrying out security audit once a year is mandatory. \"We have received directions from the office of the state director general of police to conduct such an exercise on a regular basis,\" Singhal added.Additional director general of police (retired) Rajendra Sonawane said, \"The security audit also means alerting and sensitising authorities of vital installations. The audit report points out the extent of damage that could be caused if loopholes are discovered in the existing security arrangements\".Citing an example of the Ram Pradhan committee, which was set up to probe security lapses after the 26/11 terror attacks, Sonawane said suggestions given by the police should be implemented in letter and spirit. If there is lapse on part of senior officials, they should be taken to task, he added.Union home minister P Chidambaram, who had visited the German Bakery blast site, had said that establishments like the Osho Ashram and the Chabad House, which are in the same area as the German Bakery, had been sensitised by the local police as being hard targets for terrorists.Former Pune police commissioner Satya Pal Singh had blamed the German Bakery for ignoring security guidelines issued by the police in October 2009. \"The Bakery had been alerted on several instances, but to no avail. The Bund Garden police had written a three-page letter to the Bakery owners and other establishments on October 9, 2009, briefing them on the precautionary measures they needed to take. The suggestions included installing door frame metal detectors, using hand metal detectors, posting security guards, regular checking of visitors' bags and installing CCTV cameras,\" Singh said.Before the blast at the Bakery, security had been beefed up at Chhabad House and Ohel David Synagogue on Ambedkar road. Security measures still exist at these places, following inputs received from central intelligence agencies about possible terror attacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "aizwal", "code": "13106502", "title": "Policemen sent to Mizoram border to secure villagers", "text": "AIZWAL: A large number of armed police personnel were sent to the north eastern part of Mizoram adjoining Manipur to assure the people of the area inhabited mainly by Hmar ethnic group that they should have confidence in the government, state home minister R Lalzirliana said here on Saturday.Lalzirliana told PTI that the people of the area, being intimidated by the militants of Manipur-based Hmar People's Convention-Democrats (HPC-D) required assurances from the government.\"The state police marched in the area to instill confidence in the minds of the people,\" he said.The move came close on the heels of HPC-D insurgents sending extortion notes to the village leaders of the areas and also intimidated Young Mizo Association (YMA) branches to abolish their units.Lalzirliana said that the border police outposts in the area would be strengthened and better fire power and two or three additional police outposts would be established in the area to meet the latest challenges of the Hmar militancy.Meanwhile, majority of YMA branches inside the 'Demand Area' of the HPC-D submitted their assets to the central committee of the YMA as ordered by the HPC-D led by its new leader H Sangbera.The YMA and local people in Mizoram-Assam border Vairengte town and surrounding areas, however, defied the threats of the HPC-D and urged the Hmar militant group to explain their moves in return.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13103612", "title": "Man arrested for stealing cellphones", "text": "MARGAO: Margao police on Friday arrested Dastagir Shaikh, 25, of Rumdamol-Davorlim on charges of stealing cell phones.Five cell phones and a scooter has been recovered from the accused. Police sources informed that three of the five phones have been identified by people who had earlier lodged complaints with the police in this regard. Margao PI Sudesh Naik said that the accused would ride a scooter and target women walking and carrying a mobile phone.\"He would request them to hand over the phone for a while as he wanted to urgently call somebody. As women would normally hesitate to hand over their phones to a stranger, he would then ask them to dial a certain number themselves. As the women would take out their cell phones to help the stranger, the accused would snatch the phone from their hands and zoom away on the scooter,\" the PI said.Acting on a clue provided by a complainant, the police tracked Shaikh and arrested him from his residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13103693", "title": "Card thieves go on a shopping spree, held", "text": "MYSORE: Two burglars -- Arun and Kumar, both 25 -- were caught after they went on a jewellery-buying spree with a stolen debit card.The duo had lifted a debit card, complete with its PIN number, from a retired engineer's house in Mysore a few weeks ago. They had also made away with a four-wheeler and some electronic equipment. Later, the duo withdrew Rs 40,000 from three ATMs in T Narasipura in a single day.Shop Staff Were AlertPolice commissioner K L Sudheer said the alert employees of a city-based jewellery shop helped police with clues to arrest the duo. The employees, after learning that the phone number given by the duo while buying jewellery was false, tried to catch them. But they fled the spot, leaving the debit card and their cellphone, which were later handed over to police. The arrest has led police to solve some 14 cases of thefts in Mysore.Car Rams BoyA 13-year-old boy, who was riding his bicycle to meet his father in a farm, died in an accident at Kolegowdanahalli, 4km from HD Kote town, on Friday.According to police, the accident took place around 11.30am when Shivakumar, son of Mahesh, was hit by an oncoming car. Shivakumar was rushed to the government hospital in HD Kote, where he succumbed to severe injuries. He is a resident of Kolegowdanahalli.Police said the car was ferrying Bihar people from a resort near Kabini forest to Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13105481", "title": "A Pak film on cricket", "text": "'Main Hun Shahid Afridi', a Pakistani film on a boy's struggle to become a cricketer, has the cricketer's supportCricket and cinema are two of the favourite pastimes of people in the subcontinent, and the success of films like \"Chak De! India\" proves that. The trend is being replicated across the border too - last year, Pakistan-born and UK-based filmmaker Faisal Aman Khan made a film on the life of cricketer Imran Khan . And now, it's Pakistan's former cricket skipper Shahid Afridi whose name - and possibly his cameo - will be part of a Pakistani film on cricket.The film, \"Main Hun Shahid Afridi\", is being produced by Humayun Saeed and Shazad Nasib, and is, of course, based on cricket. Pakistani actor-turned-producer Humayun tells us, \"It's for the first time in the history of Pakistani films that that a sports movie will be directed, produced and shot here. It's about the youth of today in Pakistan who would like to pursue a career in sports.\" But why is the movie titled \"Main Hun Shahid Afridi\"? Says Humayun, \"Today, every young boy in Pakistan wants to become Shahid Afridi. The story of the film basically revolves around the life of a young boy and his struggle to become a cricketer. The story is very simple and uncomplicated, but the message is that today's generation, who want to enter sports, should concentrate more on their passion for the game rather than get into scandals and controversies.\"Humayun elaborates, \"Almost 50% of the shooting of the movie is done. We have shot the movie at some popular stadiums in Sialkot, Islamabad and Karachi . The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) helped us a lot, providing proper facilities and experienced coaches to train the cast for the movie. The cast had to go through rigorous training sessions for a month before the shooting started. Also, well-known cricketers from the Pakistan cricket team have given us their support.\"The movie is being directed by Osama Ali Raza and has been written by Wasay Chaudhary. \"The lead is being played by a 19-year-old boy called Noman Habib who is a talented actor and also a professional cricketer. I shall also be part of the movie and will be playing the role of a coach,\" adds Humayun.Is Afridi acting in the movie? Says Humayun, \"Shahid is a good friend and he knows about the movie. We had approached him to act in it, but he refused to do it, mainly due to family pressure and religious reasons. However, we hope to convince him to make a special appearance in the movie. We have just completed a photoshoot with Shahid which will be used in the movie.\"Are there any plans to rope in international cricketers for the film? Says Humayun, \"Why not? We would love to have support from international cricketers. I have spoken to Shahid and he has shown some interest in taking the conversation forward to some of his cricketer friends like Sachin Tendulkar and Sangakkara. I think it'll be great if they agree to do so.\"Humayun also says that the film will feature the T20 format, which will be introduced in Pakistan soon in the form of the Pakistan Premier League . \"The film is based on the new T20 format and inspired by the IPL matches. But very soon, we shall see the same concept and format being introduced in Pakistan at the PPL matches. The film will show two teams - ek garib aur doosri ameer team,\" he says.Well-known Pakistani singers Rahat Fateh Ali Khan and Shafqat Amanat Ali have been roped in for two songs in the movie. \"We want to take the movie to the global audience and would also try to organize a special screening for our audiences in India,\" says Humayun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13106101", "title": "Fake Gujarat Technological University website creates confusion", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A private website mimicking to be officially belonging to Gujarat Technological University (GTU) is creating confusion among GTU students .Posters of a private website which uses the name of GTU have been put up at various corners of the GTU Campus. The website offers that if a candidate provides the marks scored in board examination and GUJCET, it will provide details like names of the institute where the students will get admissions. GTU officials claim that they have no idea of the website and deny permission for it.Meanwhile, a case of favouritism has raised eyebrows among the students of BK School of Management. A student has been given a separate hall to write exam papers. Institute director Sarla Achuthan said that after the student complained of disturbance by others in the class, a special separate arrangement was made for him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13103919", "title": "Niranjan bridge road: Traffic to be diverted from today", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The movement of four-wheelers under Niranjan railway bridge would be stopped for a month, starting from May 12, owing to repair work on the road. During this period, the movement of two-wheelers, cycles and rickshaws would be allowed on one side of the road only. However, the movement of four wheelers, tractor-trolley, and tempo would not be allowed on the stretch.The district administration has made alternative arrangements for the movement of the traffic. All four-wheelers going towards the Civil Lines side would be diverted through Vivekananda Marg, South Malaka, Rambagh railway line crossing, Medical College Crossing and then towards Civil Lines. These vehicles would also have an alternative to pass through Leader Road, Allahabad Railway Junction Crossing and Khusrau Bagh flyover. Similarly, all four-wheelers coming from Fire Brigade Crossing and going towards Johnstonganj would be diverted through Nawab Yusuf Road, Pani Ki Tanki, Khusraubagh flyover or through CAV Ccrossing, Medical College Crossing, Rambagh railway line crossing and South Malaka.The traffic going from Smith Road, adjacent to Surajkund petrol pump, towards Johnstonganj would be diverted through Fire Brigade. The four-wheelers coming from Niranjan Talkies Lane and going towards Surajkund, Civil Lines, would be diverted through Johnstonganj, Vivekanada Marg or through Leader Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13103630", "title": "Scholar-guide bond taking a beating", "text": "HYDERABAD: An assistant professor of Osmania University being caught by the Anti-Corruption Bureau while accepting a bribe from his research scholar is only a minor indicator of an increasingly skewed scholar-guide relationship.In the last one year alone, 20 cases have been slapped against guides from various departments of the seven universities located in the city with six of the most prominent cases being cross-referenced to University Grants Commission (UGC)'s southern regional office, located in Hyderabad.While taking a cut from the scholar's research grant is just one among the many ills perpetrated by guides, students have also slapped cases of sexual harassment and even human rights violation against their guides.As per UGC records, every year, an average of 170 candidates in AP enroll for PhD programmes after clearing the National Eligibility Test (NET). These cases have come to light at a time when an increasing number of students are writing the UGC conducted NET to qualify for direct PhDs. While the senior academic fraternity claims that tiffs between guides and students are founded on personal differences, records reveal that, for any given university, at least five students in the city ask for a change of guide every year.Some of the cases that have come to UGC's notice include a complaint by a female scholar from Osmania University's chemistry department against her guide stating that she was denied entry into the lab for having rejected the latter's demand for sexual favours.In yet another such instance, a student at English and Foreign Languages University (Eflu) dropped out of the PhD programme after putting in seven years of research after his guide refused to accept his thesis.Students have also complained of guides trying to exercise too much control over their personal lives.Two students from University of Hyderabad had requested for a change of guide as they were being asked to help out in their supervisor's household chores who was also preventing them from participating in student politics.The scholarship wing of UGC's New Delhi office shows that, in the past, there have been several cases of guides from the state accepting contingency and JuniorSenior Research Fellowship grants on behalf of their students.Among these cases, the most prominent ones are those related to misappropriation of the lump sum contingency grant of Rs 25,000 to Rs 30,000 per annum. In some cases, during maternity leave taken by female students, most of the fellowship grants, ranging between Rs 18,000 to Rs 30,000, is received by the guide, officials said.\"In certain academic circles, it is a known and accepted thing that the guide would get a cut of the contingency grant. In some cases, guides strike deals with other students to share the grants with those who have cleared JRF,\" said Surender Singh, deputy secretary, UGC, New Delhi.UGC officials at its New Delhi and Hyderabad offices state that while most of these complaints are buried within university departments, the more serious ones did come to their notice.\"While we are just sent a copy of the complaint, most of these cases get resolved within the university itself,\" said G Srinivas, joint director, UGC regional, Hyderabad. However, those in the know of things said that in a very few cases do the guides actually get penalized. In what seems to be an open secret in academic circles, research guides, with designations from assistant professor to professor, meddle with the careers of several aspiring researchers. Interestingly, the most popular academics are known to trouble their scholars, observers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13104958", "title": "Manish Malhotra designs Karan Johar's birthday bash", "text": "Govinda may believe in being naughty at 40. But not Karan Johar. The filmmaker, known for his love for colour has decided to go all black and formal for his upcoming fortieth birthday bash.Actually, the filmmaker had little to do with the decision. It is his friend and newly anointed party planner Manish Malhotra who is behind the black-tie party to be held at a Bandra five star. The designer has been busy planning the nitty-gritties.Karan Johar was only too happy to let his best friend design the entire evening. \"Manish is doing everything - from the invitees to the decor, to every minute detail. He is one of my closest friends and a member of my family. And I couldn't have asked for a better person to do this. He has the best aesthetic sense. And I am sure he will throw me a super party,\" he told TOI.When contacted, Manish said, \"It's the first time I would be designing interiors in Mumbai. Earlier I had styled a lounge in New York . Karan wanted me to design the entire party - decor, invites, look, DJ, food - everything. Karan will see everything when he arrives there at 9 pm on his birthday eve. I don't normally do this since I am so busy with clothes for films, collections and wedding orders. I am doing it for my dearest friend. And I must say that I am enjoying it very much.\"On Thursday, Manish was spotted checking out the ground floor of the five star property in Bandra. We learnt that the entire floor has been booked for the party. After all, the guest list runs to over 300. In fact, the invitation cards are now being printed in New Delhi. And under very heavy security, the invitees from across the globe will start arriving next week.Though there may be a mad rush at all famous couturiers for the want of new slick tuxedos and evening ball gowns, the waiters of the hotel can breathe easy. We found out that Manish has himself designed tuxedos for the attendants.The designer seems to be keeping every detail under control. We learnt that he has already planned the elaborate floral arrangements Coming back to the 'party' front, we learnt that there won't be the trademark KJo song and dance sequences. In fact, no dance performance has been planned for the extremely formal affair. But the global cuisine menu that has been planned, we heard is truly Karan Joharesque - a true blockbuster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "13107638", "title": "Sri Lankan parties brace for snap elections", "text": "COLOMBO: Two major political parties in Sri Lanka are gearing up for snap polls for provincial councils with freshly launched reorganisation drives.Snap elections for three of the nine provincial councils are expected to take place after September this year, a year ahead of the expiration of their terms.Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP), the dominant party in the ruling United People's Freedom Alliance (UPFA) is to launch its reorganisation campaign from the north central district of Anuradhapura on Saturday.\"Party members would go from house to house today and tomorrow in the Anuradhapura district. They would be educating people on the current political situation\", Maithripala Sirisena, the SLFP general secretary and the minister of health said.Sirisena said that similar reorganisation drives would be conducted in the rest of the 21 electoral districts as well.The main opposition United National Party (UNP) leaders were in the northern district of Vavuniya on Friday to launch its reorganisation campaign.\"We are doing grassroots campaigning\", Daya Gamage the UNP national organiser said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13108046", "title": "First ever South Indian International Movie Awards", "text": "A quick look at the recent top grossing B-town films prove one point - most of them are remakes of blockbuster films from the south. And while Bollywood stars then take their success stories to a global market courtesy international film award shows like IIFA , the south is yet to get its due. And that wait is about to end.According to a source, on June 21 and 22, Dubai will play host to the first-ever South Indian International Movie Awards (SIIMA), that will bring the who's who of the four south Indian film industries together.\"Vishnuvardhan Induri, the man behind the successful Celebrity Cricket League has conceptualized this awards function. The idea behind SIIMA is to give the south its due. Globally, Bollywood is very popular and that too with films that were originally made in the south. SIIMA will take south Indian films to a larger audience,\" says a source.The event, adds the source, will be high on glam and entertainment. \"The organizers have sent out invitations to all the big stars of Tollywood, Kollywood, Sandalwood and Mollywood. They are hoping to get participation not just from those who have been nominated and those who are performing,\" says the source, adding that the television telecast of the show will be in July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13103257", "title": "MLA, chief secretary in verbal spat over water crisis", "text": "MUMBAI: In an incident that mirrors the desperation borne out of the drought crisis in the state, a Jalgaon MLA barged into chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad's cabin in Mantralaya and demanded immediate implementation of a water scheme in his constituency. Within seconds, the situation took an ugly turn with the two engaging in an argument.BJP MLA Girish Mahajan was brought under control by the police and shown the door, but not before he had exchanged several heated words with the chief secretary. Gaikwad said he contemplated lodging a complaint against the MLA under Section 332 of the Indian Penal Code (preventing public servant from performing duty), but eventually decided against it.\"There is a due process which must be followed and this is not the way to dictate terms to a senior officer. I have made a note of the problem and assured you immediate action. But yet you kept insisting,\" the chief secretary told the MLA when the latter pushed him to grant immediate approval.The state is witnessing its worst drought since 2003 with as many as 6,200 villages in 15 districts being declared drought hit. On Friday, Gaikwad was reviewing the progress of work in drought-affected areas via video conferencing with collectors of the 15 districts when Mahajan barged into his cabin and demanded implementation of the water project under the state government's temporary water supply scheme (TPWS) at Pahur village in Jalgaon.Pointing out that angry villagers set the local gram panchayat office on fire this week, the MLA said they may attack him too over unavailability of water.The TPWS scheme would ensure that water from a dam located 8 km from the village is lifted and brought for the use of the villagers. The scheme will cost the state exchequer Rs 30 lakh and is pending implementation as the collector can sanction schemes up to Rs 15 lakh.\"I have been running from pillar to post to get approval for this scheme but nobody has bothered,\" said Mahajan.BJP MLA Girish Mahajan was brought under control by the police and shown the door, but not before he had exchanged several heated words with the chief secretary", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "13103272", "title": "High court acquits US teenager of his mother's murder charge", "text": "JODHPUR: US teenager Jon Carlo Patten, who was sentenced for the murder of his mother Cynthia Iannarelli at Jodhpur, has been acquitted by the Rajasthan high court. Jon was in the custody of a juvenile home at Jodhpur since May 2011.The 15-year-old teenager from South Fayette (Pennsylvania) and his mother Iannarelli, a 51 year-old divorcee working as a business consultant, were holidaying at a desert resort in Osian village, 60 km from Jodhpur, in August 2010. Two days after their arrival, on the morning of August 13, Iannarelli was found murdered at the foot of a sand dune close to the resort. Her throat was slit and the nude body was wrapped in a bed-sheet.Jon was preparing to leave for the US and about to board a flight from the Jodhpur Air Port the same day when he was arrested by the Jodhpur police. A chargesheet was filed against Jon on September 23, 2010 as the police accused him of the murder. As per the police, Jon had a heated argument with of his mother on the night before the body was found.The Juvenile Justice Board convicted him of the murder on May 2, 2011 and sentenced him to three years detention at the special home meant for juvenile criminals. His counsel Rahul Mehra appealed against the conviction before the Sessions Court, which upheld the conviction on October 15, 2011.During the court trial Jon wrote a letter to the Board's presiding officer and pleaded innocence. The teenager alleged that the police falsely implicated him for the murder and that was coerced into making a confessional statement.Jon's counsel later filed a revision petition before the high court, which quashed the lower court's decision. Considering the witnesses and evidences, the high court acquitted Jon of the charge and ordered his immediate release on Thursday. \"He has been given his passport and is currently in the possession of the US Embassy officials who will arrange to send him back to the US after the receipt of the court order's copy,\" Jon's counsel said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13103736", "title": "PM\u2019s men fly for lucrative posts abroad", "text": "NEW DELHI: The PM's boys are flying the nest. After Pankaj Saran, former joint secretary in the Prime Minister's Office, went off as high commissioner to Bangladesh; Jaideep Sarkar, Manmohan Singh's private secretary, will soon take over as ambassador to Israel .It's a high profile posting, and a sign of confidence in the official. But it's also a sign that a posting outside is being seen as more attractive than being in one of the most powerful jobs in the PMO.Key ambassadors will be changed as well. Navdeep Suri, joint secretary in public diplomacy, will be going to Egypt as envoy. The current ambassador to Egypt, R Swaminathan, is expected to go to Vienna, where he will also be India's representative to the IAEA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13102883", "title": "Gujarat-bound high court judge Majmudar bids adieu to Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Bombay high court judge, Justice P B Majmudar, has bid adieu to Mumbai, clarifying that his transfer to Gujarat is voluntary and has nothing to do with his order that led to arrests in the Adarsh scam.He told TOI that as he is retiring in September, he would like to spend time at his parent bench. \"I had applied to the Supreme Court collegium and it was accepted. It is not a penal transfer,'' said Justice Majmudar. The transfer papers were received on Friday evening.The affable judge was known for his witty observations and litigants often left the court smiling. He gave a human touch to grey legal matters and balanced equities. His numerous verdicts included rejecting Anna Hazare's plea to hold fast on MMRDA ground for free, cracking the whip on political banners and hoardings, upholding BMC circular banning USG machines from being taken to patients' homes.Bombay Bar Association and the Western Indian Advocates Association gave him a warm farewell. Senior advocate and president of the Bombay Bar Association, Rohit Kapadia, said in a lighter vein, \"Married couples in Mumbai will miss Justice Majmudar.'' He was referring to the judge's observations during family court appeals, which was one of his last assignments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13103811", "title": "Rashtrapati Bhavan, Lokayukta to get President's assent soon: Sources", "text": "PANAJI: Rashtrapati Bhavan is likely to process the Goa Lokayukta Bill, 2011, within the next few days, sources said.The much talked about Lokayukta bill was dispatched to the office of President of India by the central government earlier this week.The bill, first passed in 2003 by the Goa assembly, was sent to the Union home ministry in April by the state government.BJP, in its manifesto, had promised setting up of a Goa Lokayukta in 100 days.After it was pursued by the chief secretary S Srivastava, the bill got the nod of the Union law minister before it inched to the Rashtrapati Bhavan for the President's assent.Many in the ruling coalition are awaiting the bill to file complaints against politicians of the earlier regime for corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13104023", "title": "City and Industrial Development Corporation (Cidco) to be strict on Pen project", "text": "The City and Industrial Development Corporation (Cidco), which is funding the controversial Balganga dam in Pen, has decided to lay down strict nor ms to monitor the project's progress, TOI has learned.Sources said the Cidco board will take a tough stand against the Konkan Irrigation Development Corporation (KIDC), which is executing the project through a private contractor , F A Enterprises.Sources said the board is unlikely to give in to the contractor's demand for a hefty 150% increase after last month's TOI expose about massive cost-escalation in the project. \"The board was under tremendous political pressure to approve the hike. Some board members were also pushing for it,'' Cidco officials said.The upcoming dam in Pen, estimated to cost Rs353.89 crore three years ago, was awarded to the contractor at a 40% enhanced rate of Rs488 crore. Barely a year after work commenced in 2010, the contractor came back with a revised cost estimate of a hefty Rs1,220 crore-a 150% increase.The Balganga dam in Raigad district, about 150 km from Mumbai, is about 70% completed and when ready will supply 350 million litres of water a day to Navi Mumbai.\"As funding agency, Cidco's prior consent should be procured at every stage of the dam's construction. The irrigation department must justify the cost-escalation before allowing the contractor to proceed with the work,'' a senior Cidco official said.The board will also hold a monthly review meeting on the project. \"Cidco and KIDC will jointly monitor work and prepare a quantitative analysis on how much material has been used. They will maintain separate registers,'' the official said. Cidco will invoke a clause in the agreement where the dispute over dam work will be resolved by a committee headed by the state chief secretary.Days after TOI highlighted the huge cost-escalation , the state government appointed a three-member expert panel to look into the variation in estimates. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan announced last week that the state government would bring out a white paper on irrigation projects in the past 10 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102015", "title": "'Ambedkar would have recognized the humour'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Ambedkar-Nehru cartoon controversy has drawn contrasting views from political analysts and social scientists. Dalit intellectuals feel the cartoon is demeaning to Dr Ambedkar. Others believe the controversy is needless, with one commentator saying it smacks of \"psephocracy\", a system where electoral politics and priorities drive decision-making.Says social scientist Ashis Nandy, \"The controversy indicates that though the process of democratization has taken place, democratic values have not seeped into society. Democracy has been reduced to psephocracy.\"The controversy erupted over a cartoon included in the NCERT political science book for Class XI students. Drawn by Shankar in 1949, it showed Dr B R Ambedkar sitting with a whip in hand over a snail named 'Constitution'. Behind him stands Jawaharlal Nehru , then Prime Minister of India, aiming his whip at Ambedkar and the snail. A furore over the cartoon, interpreted as a humiliation to Ambedkar by his supporters, forced the government on Friday to ask the NCERT to remove the offending cartoon and stop distribution of the textbooks.Social scientist Shiv Viswanathan says that in a deep and fundamental way, the controversy is unfair to both Nehru and Ambedkar. \"A respected cartoonist, Shankar understood the humour of politics. The cartoon acknowledges Dr Ambedkar as the steersman and pilot of the Constitution even though Nehru seems to be in a worry. It is not disrespectful to anybody. Ambedkar would have been the first to recognize the humour and empathy in the cartoon.\"He further says that the very fact that an old 1949 cartoon is being exhumed and represented the way it is indicates that we don't understand the constitution or politics or history. \"The order for its removal from textbooks shows that Union human resources minister Kapil Sibal cannot stand up to a piece of history. The cartoon's withdrawal also illustrates a nominal, almost hypocritical, recognition of Dalit power.\"Dalit intellectual Chandrabhan Prasad feels the cartoon falsifies history. He says, \"The cartoonist shows that Dr B R Ambedkar is riding a snail, meaning he is slow in making the Constitution. Jawaharlal Nehru, with a whip in hand, is asking him to expedite the process. Is that a historical reality? Was Pt Nehru at any stage involved in making of the Constitution? Those who teach wrong history to children, write a wrong future for the nation. Making fun of the father of India's Constitution is unpardonable.\"D Shyam Babu, senior visiting fellow, Centre for Policy Research says it may be true that we took more time framing the Constitution. \"But neither is Ambedkar guilty of slow progress nor is Nehru above blame,\" he says. Babu adds, \"The controversy is a sign of both Dalit assertion and the growing intolerance in the country. It is not a fit case to disrupt Parliament, though.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "makavarapalem", "code": "13104049", "title": "Yeleru canal suffers breaches", "text": "MAKAVARAPALEM: The Yeleru left main canal, which is one of the major drinking sources for the port city, suffered a major breach on Friday between Rachapalli village and Anrak Alumina Company near Narsipatnam in the evening.Sources said the canal suffered the breach because of heavy inflow of water due to rain in the 153 km stretch of the canal from Yeleswaram reservoir in East Godavari. Water gushed into the fields nearby flooding them. The breach was about 5 m wide and 5 m deep. Officials said the breach could pose a serious threat to the city's drinking water needs. Major industries like Visakha Steel Plant and NTPC could also be hit as they depend on the canal for water.The Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation (GVMC) draws 20 MGD to meet the needs of the people every day. According to the GVMC officials, water supply for the 18 lakh population of the city would be affected for the next two days. A team led by GVMC executive engineer K Srinivasa Rao is supervising the operations to repair to the breach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13103732", "title": "Bharatiya Janata Party decides to boycott Pudukkottai bypoll", "text": "MADURAI: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) state president Pon Radhakrishnan on Friday said that his party will boycott the upcoming byelection for the Pudukkottai assembly constituency. The decision was taken by the party's state core committee during the second day of the party's fifth state conference held here on Friday.Announcing the decision, Radhakrishan said, \"The byelection in the state is not held in true spirit as the ruling party deploys its state machinery to win the elections. If the ruling party believes in democratic methods, why is it that all the ministers are deployed in a single constituency. The state government has also allotted Rs 52 crore in the name of development,\" he charged. Both the Dravidian parties involve in such kind of practices when they are in power, he said. When asked if the party will support the DMDK, Radhakrishnan said that they will think about it if BJP is approached by them.The state conference has also provided a platform for the BJP to work for the parliamentary elections and the party has decided to start working towards it from Saturday onwards. \"We have taken important steps to increase the presence of BJP in the state like village campaigns and enrolling 2.5 lakh new members,\" he said.When asked about the possible alliance with AIADMK for the next assembly elections, he stated that it will be decided later based on the developments. \"We will concentrate on the parliamentary elections at present with our village campaigns and member enrolment. BJP will start demonstrating for the concerns of state people and resolutions passed in the conference will be our guiding principles,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13103713", "title": "Fraudsters held", "text": "MYSORE: Two members of a family, including a woman, were on Friday arrested for allegedly cheating gullible women in KR Nagar and Hunsur taluk to rob their jewels.The arrest of Maruthi, 25, and his sister Hanumakka, 40, natives of Chitradurga district, led the police to solve three cases of attention diversion and theft in KR Nagar and one housebreak case in Hunsur.SP R Dileep said the duo used to trick gullible women, saying there is trouble on their way and asked them to be careful about their valuables. The duo tricked the women on the pretext of helping them pack their jewels. So far, they had made away with valuables of three women. Being nomadic tribals, they keep changing places frequently.Police have recovered 110 gram of gold chains worth Rs 3 lakh from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13104577", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation continues action against encroachments on footpaths", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation on Friday continued to take action against encroachments on footpaths in various parts of the city, including 13 spots on Sinhagad Road.Though the month-long deadline set by the state urban development department to make footpaths walkable expired on Wednesday, action against encroachments continued on the second day on Friday. The squads removed encroachments - including roadside tea and food stalls and sugarcane juice stalls -on Satara Road, Bibvewadi, Kondhwa and Dhankawadi. They also cleared debris blocking the right of way on footpaths in some other areas.\"The drive will continue. We are also creating awareness among the people who are found violating the norms,\" said Jayant Bhosekar, ward officer at Tilak Road. He said the state government should initiate steps to make strict amendments in the law to prevent encroachments.\"The drive will continue at Laxmi Road and nearby areas over the weekend when the encroachments increase in numbers,\" said Arun Khilari, ward officer, Vishrambaug ward office.The city is divided into four zones and the anti-encroachment drive is being carried out through 14 wards offices. Squads, comprising officials from the building encroachment, health, sky signs and road departments, have been told to remove the encroachments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13103766", "title": "Regional transport office cracks down on erring drivers, 149 autos detained", "text": "NASHIK: Officials of the regional transport office (RTO), Nashik have detained 149 rickshaws and filed 176 cases against autos in the past eight days for either not having meters that function properly or for not having the required documents.Deputy regional transport officer, Jayant Patil said, \"As of now we have focussed our attention on rickshaws not having proper meters. Once the meters are in place, we can start taking action on rickshaw drivers not charging fare as per meter reading and not plying according to the decided share-auto system.\"The drive has been underway in different parts of the city. Autorickshaw drivers have refrained from charging fare by meter or in accordance to the share system, despite the RTO revising the tariff card a few weeks back as demanded by rickshaw drivers. Last month, autorickshaw drivers had taken to a strike demanding revision in fare among other demands. They had also assured the RTO that if the revision of the tariff card was satisfactory, they would start charging fare by meter and also ply on the agreed share-auto system routes.Their demands were met and about 10,000 tariff cards were also printed and distributed among rickshaw drivers.The RTO has been conducting meetings in the city to convince autorickshaw drivers. However, since the past 15 days, it appears that the entire exercise has been futile. Jayant Patil said that the drive would continue until all the rickshaws in the city do not have proper functioning meters. Since last Saturday, as many as 569 autos have been checked.Patil said that appropriate action will be taken against concerned rickshaw drivers and owners.Auto drivers have refrained from charging fare by meter or in accordance to the share system, despite the RTO revising the tariff card a few weeks back as demanded by rickshaw drivers", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13103437", "title": "Can\u2019t alter date of birth, says high court", "text": "CHENNAI: A person cannot give one date of birth for admission to school and another date of birth to enter service, the Madras high court said, rejecting a headmaster's request to be allowed to alter his date of birth.The petitioner, S Selvanathan, headmaster of Government Higher Secondary School at Anandamangalam in Kancheepuram district, said his date of birth was incorrectly mentioned in his SSLC records as January 6, 1952. He wanted it to be altered as March 23, 1954. A single judge had earlier allowed the request. A division bench comprising Justices Elipe Dharma Rao and M Venugopal set aside the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13106493", "title": "Balakrishna\u2019s Punch Dialogues in Srimannarayana", "text": "We all know how Nandmauri Balakrishna can utter lengthy dialogues with great intensity against the goons. But this time, as rumor-mongers are saying, Balayya has mouthed another huge dialogue in his upcoming film \"Srimannarayana\", directed by Ravi Chavali. Balayya once again vents his anger against the gangsters.\"Ee Adda kaina nenu ready, Kadapa seven road center ki raana, Anantapur Saptagiri circle ki raana lekapothe Kurnool Kondareddy Burzu ok na leka Vijayawada Benz Circle ok na lekapothe Karimnagar kaman ki raana, abhey bol !!! ekkadiki vachchina woo banega Sher ki Adda.\"Not too long ago, Balayya has targeted the late YSR in \"Adhinayakudu\" - \"Veedhi veedhiki vigrahalu pettukovadaniki maa nanna emi watchman kaadu, prajala gundello unnadu, valle akkada gudi kadatharu...\" And no points for guessing as we know who Balayya was referring to. It was also rumored that Balayya spewed venom on Chiranjeevi \"Sontha vooru chee kotte vamsam needhi....rashtram mottam neerajanaalu palike vamsam maadhi. ..already 14 (read number as seats) pallu raalagotta...migilina 18 kudaa raalagottamantaava...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13103898", "title": "Insurance staff boycotts work, demands garage owner's arrest", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Office-bearers and members of Indian Institute of Insurance Surveyors and Loss Assessors continued to boycott work on Friday to demand arrest of a garage owner and his henchmen, allegedly involved in the attack on an insurance surveyor and his associates. The union members have been boycotting work for the past four days to lodge their protest against frequent cases of attacks on insurance surveyors by anti-social elements. Meanwhile, the insurance investigsators also joined the boycott on Friday.K K Pandey, chapter treasurer of Allahabad unit, said that surveyors and chartered engineers are approved by Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority - an independent body of Ministry of Finance.The attacks on the IRDA staff are being carried out at the behest of anti-social elements for getting fictitious claims from government-owned general insurance companies and private companies, he alleged. The protesting employees condemned the life-threatening attack on three surveyors - P K Kushwaha, R K Singh and K K Pandey - on May 7, 2012, allegedly by owner of a local garage and his henchmen. In this connection, two separate FIRs have also been lodged against the attackers at Civil Lines and Dhoomangunj police station. A delegation of office-bearers also met the SSP Allahabad and demanded action against the culprits, as no arrests have been made till date.Meanwhile, the ongoing boycott by surveyors and loss assessors is causing untold hardships for vehicle-owners, who had filed cases of claim at insurance companies. The number of such cases is piling up everyday and in the absence of surveyors and investigators, vehicle-owners have no option left, except to get the work done privately without waiting for the settlement of their insurance claim.SP, City, Shailesh Kumar Yadav told TOI, \"We are on the lookout for persons involved in the incident and action against the guilty would soon be taken.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13104053", "title": "Gaddar quits as Telangana Praja Front chief", "text": "HYDERABAD: Balladeer Gaddar resigned as president of Telangana Praja Front (TPF) on Friday. Announcing his decision, Gaddar said he would undertake a tour of the state in support of the separate Telangana movement.Stating that he would begin his agitation from Srikakulam district's Sompeta, where people are opposing proposed thermal power plants, Gaddar said that he would continue his fight for the protection of mines at Anantapur and Bayyaram in Khammam district. Gaddar said that he would cooperate with those parties and leaders who are sincerely backing the separate Telangana agitation.Expressing dissatisfaction over the ongoing mode of agitation, he said that a separate Telangana state could not be achieved through the electoral process. \"Statehood can be achieved only when people from the region also join in the agitation,\" he said.Sources said TPF would meet on May 20 to elect a new president. Gaddar founded TPF on October 3, 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13102575", "title": "Uttar Pradesh government to withdraw false cases against farmers, assures chief minister", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Friday assured a group of farmers from Bhatta and Parsaul villages that the state government will withdraw all false cases lodged against them. The assurance came after representatives from the villages met the CM at his official residence. The group told the CM that the previous government had forcibly acquired their land and lodged false cases against them.The farmers alleged that police, in the name of arrest, humiliated women and children in June 2011. They said that the situation of families of the farmers arrested have worsened since then. The Samajwadi Party in a statement quoted the CM as saying that the state government is committed for the welfare of the people. Party spokesperson, Rajendra Chaudhary said that the farmers will no more be subjected to atrocities. He said that the state government has started developmental activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13101666", "title": "Gayle, Dilshan blast blows Pune away", "text": "PUNE: Chris Gayle might have hogged the limelight for Bangalore this season but on Friday, Zaheer Khan struck telling blows to steal the show in his team's 35-run win over Pune at the Subrata Roy Sahara stadium.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | Top Performers of IPL | Match in PicsAfter Gayle and his opening partner Tillakaratne Dilshan laid the foundation for a challenging total of 173 for three, Zaheer produced a typical Test match opening spell to break the back of Pune innings, striking twice in the very first over and finishing with 2-21.Coming around the wicket, Zaheer rapped Mohnish Mishra on the pads in the fourth ball. A ball later, he rattled Manish Pandey's timber in classical fashion -- the right hander playing for the angle and the ball, after pitching it just outside off, holding its line to beat the bat.The hosts, already out of the reckoning, failed to recover from the early jolt and ended up with 138 for nine.Pune wore a new look with Sourav Ganguly resting himself and handing over the captain's armband to the 22-yearold Steven Smith.The match began an hour behind schedule following a sharp shower. As expected, Gayle (57; 31b, 3x4, 6x6) provided the launch pad. After hoisting rookie Krishnakant Upadhyay for two sixes in the third over, the cavalier batsman whacked as many boundaries off Alfonso Thomas. But he reserved his best, or the worst for Bhuvneshwar Kumar, smacking him for four sixes in the in the sixth over of the innings. Dilshan (53; 44b, 6x4, 1x6) too went against the run of play.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13103984", "title": "Madhya Pradesh fast moving out of Bimaru status: Chief minister", "text": "NEW DELHI: The state was asked to come up with a comprehensive manufacturing competitiveness report so as to identify the select industries/sector, which has potential endowment in Madhya Pradesh in place of conventional approach of giving emphasis on various sector as a whole.During the meeting, the Chief Minister said the state is fast moving out of Bimaru status and has registered a growth rate of 10.2% against a target of 7.6% fixed for the 11th Plan.He said the state would pursue an ambitious target of 12% growth during the 12th plan (2012-17) and for this purpose a more inclusive growth without compromising on fiscal discipline would be pursued.He assured the commission that efforts would be made to reduce poverty to 25% from the present level of 36.7% and focus would be on empowering women through socio-economic development.During the current fiscal the state's highest allocation would go to social services followed by transport, irrigation and energy sectors.On industrialisation, Chauhan said investors are showing keen interest in investing in Madhya Pradesh and to facilitate investment the state was planning to create 77 new industrial areas at a cost of Rs 3,500 crore to incentivise investments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13103445", "title": "Actor Ranjitha to sue Kanchi acharya", "text": "CHENNAI: Actor Ranjitha, a disciple of self-styled godman Nithyananda, approached a magistrate court on Friday to file a criminal defamation complaint against the Kanchi Sankaracharya, Jayendra Saraswathi. She sought to initiate defamation proceedings against the pontiff for his reported statements against her.In her complaint, Ranjitha said she was a strong believer and that she used to attend several religious conferences and discourses. She said she became a disciple of Nithyananda after listening to his discourses in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka.According to her, Jayendra Saraswathi, in an interview last week, cast aspersions on her relationship with Nithyananda and said she was seen with the godman always.Denying the allegations, Ranjitha said they were made intentionally by the Kanchi seer to defame her. She said she had suffered immense agony and stress due to the 'malicious statement'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13104566", "title": "No life jackets, no boating at Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation facilities", "text": "PUNE: A day after forty-year-old Rajesh Dhotre accidentally fell into Katraj lake while boating and was feared drowned, the Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) on Friday decided not to allow people to go boating at the water club resorts it runs unless they wear life jackets. The search was still on at Katraj lake on Friday.A TOI team that visited the three boating resorts in and around Pune found that they were equipped with life jackets and other life-saving equipment.Dilip Shinde, MTDC's joint managing director, said life jackets will be made compulsory for those who want a boat ride in lakes managed by the corporation. \"Henceforth, if somebody refuses to wear a life jacket, he will not be allowed to go boating. We have already posted lifeguards and life jackets at these lakes according to the norms. We will increase signages furnishing warnings to visitors. We will also try to increase the number of trained life guards at the lakes, among other arrangements for safety,\" said Shinde.Leader of the opposition in the Pune Municipal Corporation and Katraj corporator Vasant More said that the MTDC was running the facility despite the objections form the Central Zoo Authority. \"After Thursday's incident, we have asked municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak to take up the matter with the state government and seek answers from the MTDC. He has written to the corporation and asked them to stop the boating facility at Rajiv Gandhi zoological garden,\" More told TOI on Friday.Two years ago, in July 2010, a youngster and his sister met a watery grave in the backwaters of Panshet dam, after the boat they had hired for a ride capsized. Two other girls who were in the same boat were rescued by villagers. The incidents highlight the need for safety precautions to be taken by managers running boating facilities and users.Boating is allowed at Katraj lake while Bhugaon lake is a private club. Three other such boating clubs function in Pimpri-Chinchwad. Persons managing these centres say that people are negligent about their safety and do not follow instructions.The Bhugaon lake,developed as a picnic spot, has not had any accidents in 20 years. Managers at this facility said they take all the precautions by providing life jackets, rubber tubes and life guards. Nearly a hundred people come to visit this place on weekends. On other days, there is little rush. More than 10 boats including pedal boats, water scooters, motor boats and group boats are put out. A well-trained lifeguard always accompanies any boat going into the lake.Manager of the club Deepak Watve said, \"W e have strict norms for people boating. All checks are done while allowing a person on a boat. The importanceof lifejackets andother safety norms is told to them and they are asked to follow instructions.\" Lifeguards said that use of life jackets is mandatory. Watve said that visitors are instructed not to use the facilities if under the influenceof alcohol.They aretoldtobeseatedwhile boating,and notindulgein any activity thatwould rock the boat, he said. \"However, many don't listen and it can lead to accidents,\" he said.The State Reserve Police Force facility in Wanowrie has a boating facility in a quarry. However, the facility is no longer open for people. Six pedal boats are restricted only for SRPF personnel. Post 26 /11, security has been strengthened and visitors have been drastically reduced, said Nageshwar Rai, assistant commandant, SRPF Pune.TIMES VIEWThe Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation's decision to stop those unwilling to wear life jackets from boating must be strictly enforced by local managers, who should also ensure safety guidelines are followed without exception. Regular inspections of boating clubs will do away with any laxity. Watchtowers, trained lifeguards and speedboats must be in place to respond quickly to any crisis. Other government bodies and private resorts that operate boating facilities should take similar measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13102962", "title": "National Textile Corporation mills in Maharashtra valued at Rs 40,000 crore", "text": "MUMBAI: The ministry of textiles has estimated the worth of the National Textile Corporation's 36 mills in Maharashtra at nearly Rs 40,000 crore, which is 89% of the value of all its mills across India. NTC has a total of 118 mills across the country, valued at Rs 45,000 crore.Not all the mills, however, are functioning: of the 118 mills, 78 are closed, and are valued at Rs 30,000 crore. In Maharashtra, only 15 mills are working. A senior NTC official said that the value of the 21 closed mills in Maharashtra is Rs 26,624 crore. \"The remaining 15 are estimated to be worth Rs 12,932 crore. The estimates are based on book value and do not reflect the current market values of the property,'' he said.The National Textile Corporation was established to manage the affairs of the existing sick textiles undertakings, which had been taken over through three acts of nationalization in 1974, 1986 and 1995. On account of the large number of sick units, the Centre had drafted a multi-crore modernization plan for the revival of a section of the mills. \"Funds were generated from the sale of surplus NTC assets. Revenue generated through such sales over the last three years stood at Rs 2,591 crore. So far, Rs 1,169 crore has been spent on the modernization project,\" the official said. He added that a huge chunk of the income generated was utilized towards the implementation of the modified voluntary retirement scheme and margin money for working capital.'In 2010, the state government had knocked on the doors of the Centre asking for \"disposal of land\" to the Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority. \"The Maharashtra government had urged the Centre to allot the land to Mhada for the construction of low-cost housing price, but no decision was taken on the plea,'' he said.Incidentally, Maharashtra has the most number of sick units in the country followed by Uttar Pradesh and Gujarat, with ten mills each, West Bengal (nine), Andhra Pradesh (five), Punjab (four), Karnataka (three) and Rajasthan and Bihar (two each).On the crisis in the textile industry, the official said that owing to delay in implementing the modernization plan, a large number of textiles mills in Mumbai had to be closed. \"In our opinion, quick and decisive steps were not taken towards the modernization project. In addition, frequent strikes in the textiles were responsible for the deteriorating situation in Maharashtra,'' the official said. Even the performance of NTC's mills in the state is dismal. \"Barring the Tata mills, turnover of all the NTC mills was poor. We had audited statements for the last three years, and noted a steady decline in the turnover,'' he said, adding that this downtrend is reflected in other parts of India, too.The Centre had drafted a modernization plan to revive a section of the National Textile Corporation mills. But officials say that there has been a delay in implementing the plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13102187", "title": "High court notice to Maharashtra government on Dhariwal plant", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay high court on Friday issued notices to Maharashtra government over a petition that Dhariwal Power Plant in Chandrapur was digging up radial well right in the middle of Wardha river bed for its plant which will disturb the groundwater table in nearby areas. A division bench comprising justices Bhushan Dharmadhikari and Ashok Bhangale also issued notices to state irrigation department, Wardha collector, soil conservation authority and Dhariwal plant management. MLC Shobha Fadnavis filed the petition through her counsel Anil Kilor.Earlier, the petitioner had raised this issue in the state legislative council during its session in the city on December 20. Citing RTI documents, she revealed that the well was not constructed at the site for which the permission was sought from the government.She contended that the company is fitting three machines on the radial well of huge capacity and it would result in wells in around 15 kms area go dry. She further claimed that the machines which will suck water will adversely affect the natural process of groundwater recharging in the river. The MLC added that state irrigation department had no right to provide such permission to power plants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13107804", "title": "Shruti Ulfat offered a new serial!", "text": "Shruti Ulfat is a multi faceted actor who has gained popularity over the years. Sources confirm that Shruti will be a part of an upcoming serial on Star plus titled 'Khamoshiyaan'.Ulfat is no stranger to playing motherly roles. After her portrayal of Rano in 'Sasural Genda Phool' where she played a simple woman from Old Delhi, Shruti will don a slightly glamorous avatar in 'Khamoshiyaan' which also stars Mohit Sehgal. As Ashwini, Shruti will play Mohit's mother in the serial and will have her own story to tell. She will be based in London but will have her origins in Maharashtra.Having acted in serials like 'Thoda Hai Thode Ki Zaroorat Hai', 'Dil Hai Ke Manta Nahin', 'Chattan', 'Mumkin', 'Aao Bahen Chugli Karen', 'Achanak', 'Chalti Ka Naam Antakshari', 'Max Top Ten', 'Aaj Ke Shriman ShrimatI' and 'Sasural Genda Phool', Shruti is a veteran in the industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "13102292", "title": "Maharashtra has no future under Democratic Front rule: Anna Hazare", "text": "YAVATMAL: \"Under the present Democratic Front government, Maharashtra does not have a future because of corrupt politicians and bureaucrats,\" said anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare while interacting with the media at Circuit House on Friday.The Gandhian is in the city to address a public rally as part of his crusade for a strong Jan Lokpal for the country and Lokayukta for states.\"MLAs, MPs, ministers and bureaucrats are servants of the people but the present set up is just the opposite,\" said Anna.\"Around 70-75 per cent of the nation's income is spent on the establishment while just 15 -25 per cent is utilized for development. Under the given circumstances, how is development possible? This system should be reversed and only then will development of the state and the nation be possible,\" said the former Army man.\"The state has failed to solve the acute drinking water problem. Crores of rupees have been spent on the project 'paani adhao, paani jirao' but the lion's share was looted by those entrusted with the job. The tap water scheme sponsored by the central government also failed as the funds were pocketed by a handful of influential people with political connections. The irrigation projects have also failed. Only 12 per cent of irrigation works could be completed in the entire state. The government sanctions irrigation projects worth crores of rupees. The bhoomipujan of such projects is performed with great fanfare but the work remains incomplete,\" said Anna.\"We want a white paper from the state government on water conservation and the drinking water scheme,' said Anna.\"The district central co-operative banks are in the hands of powerful politicians. The co-operative credit societies are also in the same shoes. It's better not to speak about the sugar factories as most of them are defunct and the promoters have cleverly grabbed them after paying a throw away price.\"Co-operation minister Harshawardhan Patil is responsible for corruption in the co-operative banking sector. We demand his immediate resignation,\" said Anna, adding that if he fails to vacate the minister's chair, he would launch a separate agitation for it.'If our demand for Lokpal and Lokayukta are not met, we will launch an anti-government mass awareness movement before the 2014 state and general elections,\" said Anna, adding those with a clean image must be sent to the state legislature and Parliament.Anna to address rally in ChandrapurAnti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare will address a public rally at the football ground at 7 pm on Saturday. Janlokpal Bill Sanyukt Samiti, a committee of organizations favouring Anna's movement on Lokpal Bill, is organizing the rally. Later, Anna will lead an awareness rally which will culminate at the venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "13103423", "title": "Over 9,000 visitors on first day of dog show in Ooty", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: A stage for pet dogs has always been set at Ooty during the second week of May every year. The 'Dog Show' has been conducted as part of the 'Ooty Summer Festival' by the South of India Kennel Club (SIKC).The 84th annual dog show was inaugurated at the Government Arts College in Ooty on Friday. This is the first time the show is being conducted for three days. \"The first day consists of a 'German Shepherd dog show' and 'Golden Retriever specialty show', a special programme this year\", said Nagina Reddy, Secretary, SIKC.Out of the 130 entries for German Shepherd dogs, 123 dogs turned up, as did 55 out of 64 special breeds, according to Nagina. The show on Friday also included the 84th 'Obedience Test Show'.Claiming his luxurious kennel in Bangalore is testimony to his passion towards dogs, K E Ramesh, a chartered accountant, said \"I have 30 dogs, all German Shepherds. I want to specialize in a particular breed.\" Ramesh works in South Africa. \"The dogs recognize me, though I am away most of the time. I visit Bangalore often to spend time with my dogs,\" he added. Ramesh spends about Rs1,500 per dog per month. He has engaged around five persons to care for the animals. He has brought four of his dogs to the show, and one of them bagged the prize under the below 18 months category. The show attracted over 9000 visitors on Friday.About 448 dogs of different breeds from across the country are going to take part in the show on Saturday and Sunday. The championship show for different breeds will be held during these two days. Forty different varieties of dogs, including Pug, Doberman, Shih Tzuand Hounds from are expected in the show over the next two days.For the first time a Pakistani, Imran Hussain Khan, is going to be one of the judges for the show, said Nagina. The SIKC will also hold a special event in memory of the Maharaja of Baria during the three-day show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "13104357", "title": "Maoists kill contractor in Koraput", "text": "KORAPUT: Taking punitive action against suspected police informers, Maoists murdered a 48-year-old contractor in broad daylight in the district on Friday.Jami Rajendra Prasad, a resident of Narayanpatna, was the third suspected police informer to be killed by Maoists in this part of the state in less than 15 days. On May 2, Maoists had murdered Balaram Naik (35) of Tentuligumma village under Boipariguda police limits in the district. This was followed by the rebels killing Subalo Sil (48), a contractor, of MV 55 village in Malkangiri district on May 4.In the latest incident, sources said a group of around 20 armed Maoists attacked Prasad around 11.30 am at Ghechala, which lies at a distance of about 70 km from here, under Laxmipur police limits, while he was inspecting an under-construction culvert.\"Prasad had undertaken a culvert work at Ghechala and was at the work site when the group of Maoists pounced on him and assaulted him before slitting his throat. The contractor pleaded for mercy but in vain. Labourers present at the spot fled in panic,\" said a source at Laxmipur. \"Soon after the incident, the rebels melted in the neighbouring forest,\" he added.The crime spot lies at a distance of about 500 metres from a BSF camp on Narayanpatna-Laxmipur road. A Maoist poster recovered from the crime spot alleged the deceased was working as a police informer and was exploiting tribals of the area.Police dismissed the allegation. \"We have never received any information about the rebels from him. We can't jump to any conclusion at this moment, but as the deceased was a contractor he might have developed enmity with the rebels over some work as the Maoists expect contractors to obey their diktat,\" said Laxmipur SDPO Y Jagannath Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13107605", "title": "Witchcraft claims lives of four women in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: Four women have been brutally killed in a span of just over a month in Jharkhand due to the practise of witchcraft in remote areas.On March 10, throats of Sushil Oraon and Jhibi Oraon were slit in Lohardaga's Lawagai village, while on April 16 the head of Budhva Mahali was severed and his wife Etwari Mahali suffered a macabre death at Haslata village in Gumla district.The police said the killings were the result of witchcraft being practised widely in the remote villages of Jharkhand.The police's contention was corroborated by a recent survey which found that 1,157 murders, committed between 1991 and 2010, were due to the evil practice.Since 2001, there exists a law in the state \"Jharkhand Dayan Pratha (witchcraft) Act\" to control the crime, but it has been proved more effete than effective.According to an official report of the Jharkhand Social Welfare Ministry, mostly widows, single women and families with no male members fall victims to these arcane beliefs.The ministry pointed out that the real motive behind the killings was usurpation of the helpless women's movable and immovable property.Jharkhand Social Welfare Minister Bimla Pradhan said Rs 20 lakh was earmarked this fiscal to organize workshops, publicity campaigns through the Jharkhand Information and Public Relations Department in an effort to weed out witchcraft.\"This superstition has led to atrocities against women. The need of the hour is to launch a widespread awareness campaign to root out the evil belief,\" Pradhan said.Hardly a month passes without a witchcraft murder happening in Jharkhand, particularly in the districts like Chatra, Latehar, West Singhbhum and Gumla.\"It's because of lack of awareness (that such incidents happen). An awareness campaign will be launched to eradicate this superstition,\" Gumla Superintendent of Police Jatin Narwal said.If necessary, action would be taken against those spreading the superstition, he said.The Dehradun-based Rural Litigation &amp; Entitlement Kendra (RLEK), an NGO engaged in rooting out witchcraft across the country, has recently approached the Supreme Court pleading for a direction to all states to have strict acts in place to deal with witchcraft-related crime.\"The SC observed that when women were getting fifty per cent reservation in legislatures, there should be strict laws to prevent atrocities on women,\" RLEK chairman Avdhash Kaushal said.Unfortunately, witch-murders take place practically every week, which is nothing but a murder for property under the excuse of witchcraft, he says.Kaushal suggested that the laws be made more stringent by increasing the present three-month prison term for such murders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13103564", "title": "Are hygienic conditions in hotels and restaurants up to the mark?", "text": "Hygienic conditions in new hotels are better then in the old ones because they can be denied permissions to set up the hotel if their place is not kept clean. The most important thing in a hotel is that the kitchen must be kept clean and food must be handled properly. In my view a number of hotels don't maintain proper hygiene when it comes to handling of food. There should be proper handling of food right from the purchase of raw material and preparation of food to storage before and after cooking. Proper serving of food too needs to be taken care of. The staff, specially cooks and waiters, should be clean, well-groomed and well-trained.Steven DiasHotelier, NuvemAlthough most hotels are clean in areas where guests sit and food is served, conditions in the kitchen are most unhygienic. As a result, people get fooled and get an impression that the hotel is clean. Therefore, authorities should conduct periodic and surprise checks in the kitchens and take stern action if necessary and make sure that hoteliers keep their kitchens clean. A close watch must also be kept on cooks and waiters. Very often one can even see waiters putting their fingers in glasses of water served to the guests.Rajan NaikHealth services, MiramarHygienic conditions are not at all up to the mark in restaurants due to negligence of concerned authorities, who fail to conduct regular inspections. Therefore, hoteliers are not bothered about maintaining cleanliness in their premises. If a surprise raid is conducted, 80% of the hoteliers will have to pay a penalty for poor hygiene. Goa being an important hub of tourism, it is essential for the hotel industry to ensure cleanliness at every step right from the purchase of commodities to the preparation of food and even serving of food.Mary Jayne DiasPublisher, CaranzalemMany restaurants in the state have kitchens that run under very unhygienic conditions. However, sometimes as people who love their food, especially their fish, we still head to those very places. At that moment we tend to not care about hygiene. Ideally, these joints should be monitored and inspections should be conducted on a daily basis and should be issued display certificates if approved by the authorities.Gasper CanisiusFilmmaker, Vasco", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13102507", "title": "Two-wheelers hit medians, two die", "text": "BANGALORE: Three persons died in as many road accidents in the city since Thursday. In the first accident, a 56-year-old man died on the spot after the two-wheeler he was riding rammed the road median on Kasturba Road near the Cubbon Park police station early on Friday morning.Police identified the deceased as Amjad Pasha, owner of a fish stall in Russell Market and resident of Vasanthnagar.The accident took place around 5am when Pasha lost control over the Honda Activa he was riding and hit the road median. He was not wearing a helmet and sustained severe head injuries.Earlier on Thurday night, a 19-year-old pillion rider was killed on the spot, while the biker sustained injuries after the motorbike they were riding hit the median on Vatal Nagaraj Road near Okalipuram junction.The deceased is S Sukhlal, an electrician, a native of Rajasthan and resident of Cottonpet. The accident took place around 11pm when Sukhlal and his friend Mahendra Kumar were riding back home. \"Mahendra Kumar was speeding when it rammed the road median,\" police said.Pedestrian run overA 45-year-old unidentified pedestrian died on the spot after a BMTC bus knocked him down on Magadi Main Road near Vijaynagar late on Thursday. Police suspect that he could be a daily wage worker. The body has been shifted to Victoria Hospital for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13103615", "title": "'Committee upheld allegations of irregularities in fisheries corporation'", "text": "MANGALORE: JD(S) state secretary MG Hegde and district general secretary Shashraj Shetty said their allegations of irregularities in the functioning of Karnataka Fisheries Development Corporation (KFDC) has been proved by the committee appointed by the state government to look into the issue.Hegde told reporters here on Thursday that fisheries department principal secretary Shivaram appointed an inquiry committee based on the complaint filed by him and Shashiraj. \"The committee in its report had agreed that the allegations of funds misappropriations and maladministration in the corporation are true. However the government has not taken any action on the errant officials,\" Hegde said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13108667", "title": "Kannada movie runs into trouble with Saffron brigade", "text": "MANGALORE: Kannada actor Upendra's 3-D movie 'Katariveera Surasundarangi' has run into trouble with the Saffron brigade here. The screening of the 3-D film has been stopped in three districts of the state, Dakshina Kannada, Udupi and Chikmagalur, with Saffron activists terming many scenes in the film as derogatory in nature and hurt their sentiments.Sharan Pumpwell, convener of Bajrang Dal, who stopped the screening of the film here on Saturday, said that: The depiction of Hindu Gods was derogatory in nature. The producer says it is entertainment. But we fail to gather what is entertaining. What message it will send to the society, particularly children, who may believe the absurd depiction of Gods in that movie.''Sharan said unless and until all objectionable scenes were deleted, they will not allow the movie to run in the three districts. Will there be anything left to watch if their demands are met? I doubt there will be any movie left if they concede to our demands. But it is left to the producer or director to make a movie without hurting our sentiments,'' said Sharan.In Udupi, Shiroor Mutt Seer Laxmivara Theertha led the protest and saw to that the screening was stopped in Udupi theatres.Actor Upendra told TOI that he had also heard about the protests from the producer Munirathna. He told me that he will sit with them and see to it that the scenes they deem objectionable or derogatory are removed,'' he added.Sharan said the protest will not stop till their demands are met. Protests will be held in Bangalore on Monday under the leadership of State Convener Suraynarayana,'' he added.Theatre owners here said the movie had a good collection. You know the situation here. We cannot screen unless the demands of Bajrang Dal are met. We don't know when we will be able to screen it,'' said a theatre owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13102743", "title": "Nhava-Sewri link to be realigned", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) will spend an additional Rs 400 crore on the trans harbour link to save flamingoes on the mudflats at Sewri. The MMRDA plans to realign the bridge by avoiding the marshy area which is home to the flamingoes. The trans harbour link is expected to cost Rs 8,800 crore.MMRDA commissioner, Rahul Asthana said care would be taken to ensure that the flamingoes are not harmed by the construction of the bridge.Another challenge facing the project will be the Worli-Sewri connector which is faced with the problem of slum dwellers at the Worli end. Asthana said the issue will be tackled through an SRA scheme to ensure that the slum dwellers are resettled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13102081", "title": "Promises galore in Patna Municipal Corporation polls", "text": "PATNA: Elections are contested on promises and the coming Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) polls are no different. Candidates in the fray are sweating out day and night among voters, promising a turnaround in their respective areas once they are elected as their ward councillors.There are 71 candidates with criminal background. A woman contesting from ward number 11 has a case under the Arms Act pending against her.Afzal Imam, the sitting mayor, is contesting from ward number 52. He promises to deliver the benefits of different schemes to the right persons. \"There are several government projects which do not benefit the deserving people. My primary focus will be to serve the deserving persons with right schemes. If I am re-elected, I would ensure better sanitation to the people and timely delivery of food grains to the BPL card holders,\" he said.Former mayor Sanjay Kumar is contesting from ward number 39. He promises to finish the pending works. \"There are some pending works which I had promised to the residents of my area during my tenure as a mayor and ward councillor. I would try to ensure regular garbage-lifting and proper sanitation in my area. Water-logging is a major problem. So, my priority will be to get the drains cleaned. I will also focus on extension of water pipeline in my ward,\" said Sanjay, whose nomination papers were rejected earlier. There are approximately 11,000 voters in his ward.Priyanka Sinha, a PhD from Tilka Manjhi University, Bhagalpur, is contesting from ward number 23. \"I relate politics with social service. I have no political background but the people of my area encouraged me to contest the civic body election. I will try to ensure civic amenities for the people and overall development of the ward. Irregular garbage-lifting is a major problem,\" she said. Approximately 13,500 voters will decide her fate.Malti Devi, contesting from ward number 19, promises a house to at least 500 BPL card holders under the Indira Awas Yojna. Approximately 19,000 voters of her ward will cast their vote to elect their representative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13106150", "title": "Indian women boxers make winning start at World Championships", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian women boxers were off to an impressive start at the World Championships-cum-Olympic Qualifiers in Qinhuangdao, China with Mandakini Chanu (57kg) and Neetu Chahal (69kg) advancing to the second round with easy wins.Mandakini and Neetu are competing in the non-Olympic categories as only 51kg, 60kg and 75kg divisions have been picked for the London Games where women's boxing will make its debut in the quadrennial extravaganza.Mandakini comprehensively defeated Serbia's Bojana Ranic. Right from the moment the gong was sounded, Mandakini went on a relentless offensive against the Serbian who was physically taller and heftier.At the end of Round one, the score was 10-3 in favour of India and during the second round, Mandakini stunned Ranic twice whereby the referee had to administer the standing count of eight on both occasions.Finally the Referee stopped the contest in the third round in favour of Mandakini. Mandakini will now take on world number one Tiara Brown of USA on Monday.Neetu, meanwhile, defeated Hungary's European Champion Bianka Nagy 22-6.At the end of the first round, Neetu was leading 4-1and although Bianka was a very experienced boxer, Neetu's attacking play gave her the edge and the bout.Score at the end of second Round was 9-3 which increased to 17-5 by the next and finished at 22:6.Neetu's next opponent is also a world number one -- Marie de Jong of Netherlands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13103497", "title": "Digvijaya returns to state politics", "text": "BHOPAL: Out of power for nearly a decade and post-Uttar Pradesh debacle where he was in-charge of the Congress's campaign, former Madhya Pradesh chief minister Digvijaya Singh returned to state politics on Friday. It's at a time when the next assembly elections are just 18 months away. He had quit MP politics saying he won't return for 10 years; of these, it has been nine years.After an early morning prayer at the Ram Raja temple in Orchha town in Tikamgarh district, Digvijaya launched the Congress's Jan Chetna Yatra, a 10,000km journey in seven phases to \"expose\" the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government's alleged corruption, illegal mining and law and order breakdown.Addressing party workers at Prithvipur, Digvijaya asked party workers to gear-up for a \"mighty struggle'' to dislodge the nine-year-old BJP government. \"If you're terrified of a struggle, stay at home,'' he told party workers. \"But those of you who are ready for a fight to bring back your party to power in the state are welcome to join us.''Party sources said Digvijaya will be part of Jan Chetna Yatra all through the seven phases and address public meetings and \"nukkad sabhas''. He said the people of the state did not appreciate the welfare schemes of his government (1993-03).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13102386", "title": "JSW stock price plummets", "text": "BANGALORE: The Supreme Court ordering a CBI probe against JSW Steel for its alleged involvement in illegal iron ore mining in Karnataka pulled down the company's stock price on the Bombay Stock Exchange by 5.19%, closing at Rs 627.05 on Friday.The order comes as a big blow to the company, which is already working at low capacities because of inadequate availability of high-grade iron ore, a result of the mining ban in certain regions.JSW said in a release that it had not done any illegal activity, nor was it connected with any wrongdoing. The company said its books were open and it would cooperate with the investigating agencies.Last month, a Supreme Court-appointed Central Empowered Committee (CEC) panel had recommended an extension of the scope of CBI investigation to the JSW group companies to investigate if any donations were made by any of the group firms, and examine if the company received ore illegally.JSW Group CFO Seshagiri Rao on Friday said, \"The group follows the highest standards of corporate governance. JSW Steel is, in fact, the victim of alleged illegal mining.\"Analysts tracking the company said the capacity utilization at its 10-million tonne Vijayanagar plant had dropped significantly due to non-availability and deteriorating grade of iron ore. The shortage is acute despite the SC partially lifting the ban on iron ore mining in the state. \"Capacity utilization for JSW Steel has dropped to 71% in March, compared to 88% in January due to lack of iron ore,\" said Chirag Shah, India metals &amp; mining analyst at Barclays Equity Research.Out of the total 11.4 mn tonne of iron ore sold through e-auction till December last year, JSW Steel purchased 7.1 mn tonne and had received 52% of it till December last year. \"Meanwhile, with only 8 mn tonne (of which 5 mn tonne is of low grade and not suitable for steel production) of e-auction iron ore inventory remaining, JSW Steel is facing a supply crunch for iron ore yet again, with a risk of cost escalation in procurement prices. We believe sustaining higher utilization levels would be a challenge in the near term,\" added Shah.In the beginning of 2011-12, the firm had guided for 8.75 mn tonnes of crude steel production. But it achieved only 85% of this guidance owing to the mining ban.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13102073", "title": "Now, ministers to have ID cards", "text": "PATNA: The state government has started issuing identity (ID) cards to its ministers to save them from embarrassment while travelling in the country and abroad.The ID cards would be valid till the tenure of the ministers' terms and bear their names, portfolio, blood group, photograph and signature.\"We have started delivering the ID cards to the ministers,\" Ravikant, principal secretary, cabinet coordination and secretariat, told TOI. Earlier, ID cards were issued to bureaucrats and legislators only.Some ministers had raised the demand for ID cards about two months ago on the ground that, at times, they face problems in proving their bona fides while travelling in other states or abroad.Taking the matter seriously, the government had asked the Bihar State Electronics Development Corporation Limited (Beltron), a Bihar government undertaking dealing in electronics, computer goods and services, to prepare ID cards for the ministers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13102106", "title": "2 injured as bank guard's gun goes off accidentally", "text": "PATNA: Two persons, including a traffic constable, sustained gunshot injuries when the double-barrel gun of Virendra Prasad Singh (59), a security guard of Central Bank of India , Frazer Road branch, went off accidentally at the corner of SP Verma Road under Kotwali police station on Friday afternoon. Both the injured persons were admitted to a private nursing home.Traffic constable Lalit Kumar, who was witness to the incident, said that he along with Rasnarayan Mahto was deployed near an ATM on S P Verma Road. Around 12.30pm, a cash van belonging to the Central Bank arrived there.\"All of a sudden, I heard a sound of fire at around 12.30pm causing splinter injury to my associate Rasnarayan Mahto and fruit vendor Vikash Kumar, whose thela was parked on the opposite side of the ATM,\" Kumar said and added that Mahto sustained injury on his leg while Vikash sustained injury on his forehead. He said the rear windscreen of the vehicle was pierced by the bullet. On getting information, the Kotwali police reached the spot, arrested the guard and seized his gun.The security guard, a resident of Vijay Nagar under Patrakarnagar police station, said it was an accidental fire. \"I was sitting at the back of the vehicle. As the vehicle took off suddenly, the gun went off,\" Virendra said, adding two cartridges were loaded in the gun.Branch manager of the bank, Vijay Das said the guard had joined his branch about two months back. \"He was escorting the cash vehicle and did not fire intentionally,\" the branch manager claimed.Kotwali police station SHO Aman Kumar said the guard has been arrested and his weapon along with cartridges seized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13103052", "title": "Byculla school in failure row submits papers", "text": "MUMBAI: The principal of Antonio Desouza High School in Byculla has provided information on their Class IX results to the education department after weeks. The department is checking the results and other information related to the mass failure of students from that school.\"We need to analyze the results and based on that, we will decide our further course of action,\" said V Mane, education inspector (south zone). The school has also been told to hand over answer-sheets of the students who have been detained. \"We have been sending representatives to the school since we received a complaint but the principal was unavailable. Finally, we sent a notice to the school to provide us all necessary information, including results,\" added Mane.Denzil Fernandes, the principal, blamed the results on the students' lax attitude. \"They are not interested in studying as they are used to being promoted from one class to the next, as prescribed by the Right to Education (RTE) Act. We are not aiming at cent percent results in the Class X exams,\" said Fernandes. He added that parents were not interested in remedial classes for the children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "13102322", "title": "I was drugged and kidnapped, says Dirba SHO", "text": "SANGRUR: Station house officer (SHO) of Dirba police station Baljinder Singh Pannu, who had gone missing on Wednesday afternoon, returned 'safely' on Friday, allegedly from the clutches of kidnappers.Pannu was found in Sangria of Hanumangarh district of Rajasthan. The police officer's personal car and a sum of Rs 1 lakh were still with the kidnappers, said Sangrur SSP Harcharan Singh Bhullar while presenting the SHO before media on Friday evening. Pannu said, \"I was working on a murder case of one Gurdev Kaur, who was found killed on April 18. A person named Rimpal called me and offered help to get to the bottom of the case, but demanded Rs 1 lakh for it.\" The SHO added, \"On April 9 afternoon when I was on petrol duty he approached me and asked to come along alone with the money. I left in my car with Rs 1 lakh. At some distance on the Patran road, Rimpal introduced me to four people near a marriage place, who made me sit in their car and one of them took the keys of my car and followed behind. I soon lost conscious and later found myself at a dhaba in Rajasthan from where I called up police.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "13103575", "title": "Man missing after mid-sea collision", "text": "RAMESWARAM: A fisherman went missing and four others were rescued after their country boat fitted with an engine was hit by a vessel off Rameswaram coast on Thursday evening. Fishermen claimed the vessel belonged to the Indian Coast Guard.Around 100 country boats ventured into the sea on Thursday evening and were fishing four nautical miles off Ariaman coast near Rameswaram. Around 8.30pm, one of the boats was hit by a vessel, which the fishermen claimed was a patrol vessel of the Indian Coast Guard. The country boat suffered severe damage and sank. Five fishermen on the boat, Aruldas, Innasi, Santia, Peras and Calvin, were thrown into the sea due to the impact. Four of them managed to swim and reach other boats in the vicinity while Calvin has not been traced so far.Harish More, commanding officer at Mandapam coast guard station, said his office has received a complaint and team was investigating.Fishermen staged a road blockade in Pamban protesting the incident. They demanded action against those responsible for the accident and alleged that though the incident occurred on Thursday night, no rescue operation was undertaken. Revenue and police officials rushed to the spot and promised action against the vessel, following which the protesters dispersed.Karunamoorthy, district secretary, Federation of Tamil Nadu Fishermen Associations, said they were sure the vessel belonged to the Indian Coast Guard and it started from Mandapam base. \"After colliding with the boat, instead of stopping to rescue the fishermen, it fled the spot, switching off its lights,\" he said.\"We demand that murder charges be slapped against the coast guard personnel manning the vessel and a compensation be paid to the family of the missing fisherman. We are sure he would have drowned as he may have sustained severe injuries in the accident,\" Karunamoorthy said.\"The accident took place four nautical miles away from Mandapam north jetty and rescue operations are on,\" Mandapam marine police inspector Kumaravel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13102071", "title": "Chief minister approves secret fund for anti-poaching activities", "text": "NAGPUR: The state government will create a secret fund to pay for anti-poaching activities, including cash awards for informers. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has already approved this fund to curb growing poaching in forest areas, particularly in wildlife sanctuaries and national parks across the state, disclosed principal secretary of forest department Pravin Pardeshi here on Friday.Speaking to TOI, Pardeshi, who was in the city to chair the annual review meeting of forest officials, said that any person who provides information about poachers and possible poaching in any areas in the state would be rewarded in cash. \"This will also give a boost to the existing tiger cells,\" he said.On the increasing man-animal conflict, the forest secretary said relocation of villages from buffer zones in Tadoba Tiger Reserve, Tipeshwar and Navegaon National Park will materialize by October this year. \"Necessary instructions have been issued in this regard,\" he said. He also claimed that three villages in Navegaon had been relocated, and other villages will shift soon.More focus will be given to Tipeshwar, where villagers and wildlife wing of the forest department were at crossroads over relocation of the village, he added.Ecotourism activity, which can be used as a key component of eco-development to strengthen livelihoods, will also be given importance, said Pardeshi. He added that along the lines of Amzari village in Melghat, where ecotourism is evoking good response, an adventure camp will be set up at Devadia village outside the buffer zone of Tadoba.\"Since starting of adventure tourism, the life of villagers in Amzari has changed due to increase in their monthly income,\" claimed Pardeshi. Now, the forest department will help villagers of Devadia to develop nature trails and build machans to bring tourists closer to the forests, he added.All the money earned from this will go to the villagers. \"As they will get money out of the forest, they will protect forest and wild animals,\" he said. The move will also help to promote community forest rights, Pardeshi added.The government has also decided to upgrade all forest guesthouses soon, he informed. The upgradation will include introduction of biogas, solar heating system and waste water management. At present, many guesthouses use wood as fuel, so introduction of biogas will help protect environment, said the forest secretary.Besides, the state government is also planning to plant 8 crore saplings across the state by next year, he added. He said that this will be done with the active participation of villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102364", "title": "\u2018Advocacy class\u2019 behind betting scare in school?", "text": "NEW DELHI: What has been described as an \"advocacy programme\" against betting by the principal of a prominent public school has led to a scare among parents about an IPL betting racket.Some of them called up TOI and claimed that a large number of students were caught betting when a punter landed up in the school on Friday to claim an amount of Rs 1.5 lakh from a student.The student, in turn, went on a collection drive, demanding money from other students who he said had placed bets. Alarmed, the principal intervened immediately, calling in the police to evict the man who had come to collect the money.Around 150 students were questioned, according to these parents, and some money recovered. Some mobile phones were also said to have been seized.Later, the principal is learnt to have called up the parents. Action has been taken against some of the students and some were barred from taking the weekly exam, said the parents, who didn't wish to be identified.TOI couldn't verify the reports since the police were tightlipped and the school authorities denied that anything like this had happened. The parents alleged that a VIP kin was involved and hence the incident was being hushed up.The principal dismissed all such accounts as \"rubbish\". The school, according to her, is running many advocacy programmes and this was one of them.Children in the school bus were at times placing small bets - game of odd and even - on trivial things like \"a plate of momos\" and they wished to discourage this practice.Hence, parents had been called to educate them so that they could in turn discourage their wards from doing so since this could take a \"serious turn\".It was somewhat like a mock drill leading to a bomb scare? Or was it?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13102503", "title": "Mix-ups continue in Delhi University exams", "text": "NEW DELHI: Just days after wrong question papers were supplied to BA (honours) students, SGTB Khalsa College on Friday did not receive its forensic science question paper at all, leaving several students waiting for the question papers. Third year students of applied zoology at Dyal Singh College began their exam at 11.15am even though it was scheduled to start at 9am.\"The title of the paper we initially received was wrong. But we realized the problem and got the correct papers. The students were given extra time,\" said Principal I S Bakshi. The students were supposed to take molecular biology paper in the annual mode. Meanwhile, second-year students of BA (H) history had to wait for up to 45 minutes to get their exam paper for their first paper of Principles of Economics.\"We waited for half an hour and even the teachers seemed clueless as to why the papers were not ready,\" said a student who did not wish to be named.While the university blamed the departments for not providing correct question papers, teachers blame it on the 'illogical' datesheet prepared by the exam branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-12"}
