{"city": "None", "code": "12197383", "title": "Vidya Balan: I can never learn filmi nakhras", "text": "Vidya Balan is on cloud nine! After being tagged the 'biggest hero' of 2011, Vidya Balan is now enjoying the National Award for Best Actress.Despite all the laurels and accolades coming her way, Vidya still remains a very down-to-earth gal.Nakhras kyun?Ask her if she ever plans to learn the filmi nakhras and tantrums just like all those B'town divas out there, who thrown their weight around, and she replies with a grin: \"Arre baba, nakhre ke bina bhi kaam mil raha hai na? Toh kyun seekhna voh sab? Jokes apart, I can never learn filmi nakhras because that is just not me!\"Leave begins!Now that she is getting rave reviews for her latest release Kahaani and has won the National Award too, how is she going to pamper herself? \"Oh, my parents have threatened to lock me up for a month. I want to sleep for hours! Because of promotional tours, I have not slept enough. So, food for body and soul is next on my agenda,\" says she.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12210488", "title": "Ramya to work with Kodi Ramakrishn?a?", "text": "For Sandalwood diva Ramya, the past two years have been all that she could ask for. Ever since the release of her films Kicha Hucha and Sanju Weds Geetha, she seems be on a role.The reigning actress has had a good run with releases like Johnny Mera Naam, Lucky and Sidlingu. The latest buzz is that she will be acting in a film directed by Kodi Ramakrishna, who made Arundhati.According to sources, the actress is likely to act in a film which will have her essaying a very interesting role in a woman-centric film. Kodi Ramakrishna is likely to direct this film which will be made in Kannada. There are talks that she might pair up with a hero from the young brigade, like Diganth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204307", "title": "Car rams into shop, 2 injured", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Volkswagen car rammed into a shop on Thursday night in Ashok Vihar, injuring two people.The driver of the car could not apply the brakes after a bottle came under the brake pedal, cops said.The couple travelling in the car was unhurt. Witnesses said the car did not slow down on nearing the bus stand in the area.Cops received a call from a passerby. The injured were taken to hospital. The cops have registered a case of rash driving.They are waiting for medical reports to find if the driver was in an inebriated condition.The car was smashed in the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204379", "title": "3 held for Shantivan robbery", "text": "NEW DELHI: The three men who shot at and robbed an MBA student near Shantivan have been arrested. Two of the accused have been identified as Mohammad Shahid (25) and Mohammad Firoj (38). The third accused is a minor.The victim, Navneet, said he was returning to his residence in Mandawali after collecting payment for goods sold at Chandni Chowk when the robbery took place. \"He was at the Geeta Colony flyover when he realized that men on two motorcycles were following him. As the motorcycles came nearer, the man who was riding pillion shot at him and snatched his bag containing Rs 50,000. Section 397 of the IPC read with Section 27 Arms Act was added to the FIR,'' said I B Rani, DCP (north).The robbed cash has been recovered. The weapon and the bikes used in the offence have been seized.The investigation was led by inspector Mukesh Tyagi and inspector Suresh Kaushik.\"It was revealed that Firoj was the mastermind and had provided the weapon and bikes. He had kept an eye on the victim and his cash transactions at the Chandni Chowk market. On March 3, he provided a country-made pistol and a motorcycle to accused Shahid and the minor. He also followed them to help in the theft,'' said Rani.Shahid has four brothers and four sisters. He is married and has two children. Firoj has six daughters and one son. He runs a small business of making purses.He contracted a debt of Rs 15 lakh while gambling, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12204893", "title": "Probe team sniffs out a fuel scam at CITCO bunk", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The management of CITCO-run petrol pump in Sector 9 is in trouble with the vigilance wing detecting discrepancies in the fuel station record and the quantity in tanks.The vigilance inquiry has established that six tanks were short of 5,748 litres of petrol and 3,154 litres of diesel, and recommended departmental action against some of the officials. Those found negligent include Rajiv Kohali, in charge of fuel station and Ramesh Chander, salesman at the station.Sources said the maximum fuel was missing from tank number 2, in which 34,116 litres of petrol was stocked and 5,194 litres sold till February 2012. But, only 28,720 litres of fuel was found in the tank during checking, and the pump officials couldna??t explain the loss on 202litres.Similarly, the tank of high speed diesel (HSD) had 13,222litres in the beginning and only 238 litres was sold, but only 12,934 litres was found, a deficiency of 50 litres.The vigilance sources said 37 employees were deployed at the station, some of them on contract.DSP (vigilance) Kulwant Singh Pannu said no discrepancy was found in tank number 4. The record shows it had 21,105 litres of fuel, and the same amount was there during checking, added DSP Pannu.The vigilance official said loss of 0.6% was permissible but during checking, loss of 0.8% was found. The inquiry was started on February 10 and conclusion sent to chief vigilance officer (CVO) 3 days back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12207563", "title": "Akshay Kumar shoots for Special Chabbis in Delhi", "text": "Akshay Kumar , who was not in town to celebrate Holi, was actually painting the Capital red. Mumbai Mirror can tell you that the actor, who has been sporting a very different look for his next - Special Chabbis- was shooting a crucial sequence for the film all over Delhi.In this sequence, Akshay gathers all the 25 men who will work for him. The first schedule of the film was shot in Chandni Chowk, following which the unit moved to Jama Masjid. These pictures were taken when Akshay was shooting in a bungalow on Barakhamba Road early in the morning.The scene revolved around a meeting Akshay's character has with several ministers and CBI officers. The unit was scheduled to shoot at one of the many farm houses in Mehrauli.The film, directed by Niraj Pandey, is about the infamous jewellery heist of 1987, in which 26 men, posed as CBI officers to wipe clean the many shops of Zaveri Bazaar, in Mumbai. Though the film is being shot under an intense security cover, and the storyline too has been kept mostly under wraps, Mirror managed to get an eyeful of the star in Delhi while he was shooting.The film also stars Manoj Bajpai and Jimmy Shergill among others. The unit will now proceed to Chandigarh, for a four-day schedule. The finale , of course, will be shot in Mumbai.The shoot has a special significance for the actor, who was born in Delhi's Chandni Chowk. It was an emotional homecoming for the star, who shared some of his earliest memories of Holi in the colourful neighbourhood with his unit members.According to eye-witnesses, had it not been for the robust bandobast, it would be difficult to recognize Akshay with his gelled hair and moustache. We leave it to you to look for the resemblance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12207834", "title": "Rajasthan hardsells tourism in Mysore", "text": "Rajasthan government is going all out to promote tourism and attract more tourists from Karnataka.The tourism department, as part of its promotional activities, has organized three-day 'Rajasthan Calling' festival here. By showcasing Rajasthan culture, tradition and art to Mysoreans, the festival aims at attracting more tourists. Starting Friday, various troupes are presenting cultural shows for three days at Royal function hall on Bangalore-Mysore Road. The festival will be open to public between 11am and 9pm till Sunday. The festival is being organized in 22 Indian cities, including Mysore, one of the five cities in south India. \"The other cities include Gurgaon, Kotchi, Madurai, Coimbatore, Rajkot, Mumbai, Vadodra, Surat, Kolkata, Ahmedabad, Ludhiana and Chandigarh,\" said Rajasthan tourism additional director Somnath Mishra.The objective of the festival is to give a feel of Rajasthan and facilitate better understanding about the state. The highlight will be live Rajasthani folk performance and traditional Rajasthani food court, which will have stalls serving Dal Baatikurma, Kachori, mirchibada and traditional sweets. Folk music and dances like langas, kalbedlia dance and teratoli will be presented. Nearly 20 stalls are displaying various handicrafts and works from various regions which include woollen shawls from Bikaner, Namdas from Tonk, embroidery from Barmer, brass nakhashi from Jaipur, blue pottery from Jaipur and terracotta from Udaipur. \"Rajasthan is one of the most sought-after tourist destination. In 2010, it attracted nearly 13 lakh foreign and 255 lakh domestic tourists. The state is famous for its heritage, forts, palaces, lakes, colourful fairs and festivals, golden sand dunes and wildlife besides wellness tourism and adventure sporting activities,\" Mishra added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12204735", "title": "Teenager ends life over 'exam blues'", "text": "NAGPUR: 16-year-old Roshini Kuhite, alias Tinu, ended her life on Wednesday evening as she felt that she had not done well in the ongoing SSC examinations. Roshni was found hanging in the study at her Padole Layout residence by family members.Police said that Roshni's father Tejrao said in a statement that his daughter was depressed as she had not performed well in three examinations.Roshni's younger brother raised an alarm after he spotted her hanging from a hook from the ceiling slab. The teenager was rushed for medical assistance to a nearby hospital but was declared dead. Police could not find any suicide note from her room.Hingna police has registered the case as an accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12204106", "title": "Polls in Darjeeling only after GTA formation: CM", "text": "KOLKATA: Polls in Darjeeling will be held after the setting up of the new hill council, Gorkha Territorial Administration (GTA), chief minister Mamata Banerjee said on Friday. But the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) insisted that elections would be impossible without the inclusion of Terai and the Dooars in GTA.Meeting the media for the first time every since President Pratibha Patil gave her assent to the GTA Bill on Wednesday, the chief minister, while announcing the surrender of Maoist leader Suchitra Mahato, said: \"What else would you ask for? The GTA Bill has been cleared and elections will be held as per the agreement. In another three months, you would have nothing more to ask for. We've fulfilled most of our commitments.\"The presidential assent to the Bill clears the decks for the formation of the GTA, but the onus is now on Mamata for its implementation.Officials indicated on Friday that there are still some major obstacles to the formation of the GTA, especially with the state government and the GJM differing on the process of elections to the new bodyGJM general secretary Roshan Giri told TOI on Friday: \"We will seek an appointment with the CM soon. We'll tell her that she should take steps to resolve the imbroglio. Polls can't be held without the inclusion of Terai and Dooars into GTA.\"The GJM leader added, \"Time and again we have made our stand very clear that this was the situation and the government must ensure that GTA is formed along with the Terai and the Dooars in the plains are added to the new council's jurisdiction. We shall request the chief minister that till she manages to sort things out, let the GTA be a nominated body or an interim set-up.\"Giri was reminded of GJM being a party to holding the elections when the new government just took over and Mamata Banerjee had the GJM signing the first document on the pact. His reply: \"Then the situation was different.\"On Wednesday, after the GTA Bill received the presidential assent, an official at Writers' Buildings had said, \"The Centre has done its bit. The ball is now in the chief minister's court.\"Giri wanted inclusion of 400 moujas from the Terai and Dooars in Jalpaiguri and Darjeeling districts. According to the agreement, the autonomous GTA would be a 45-member body in comparison to the 28 members of the current Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council (DGHC).The chief minister had met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh last month to find out why the GTA Bill wasn't getting presidential assent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12209090", "title": "DU admission process set for a change", "text": "New Delhi: The admission process at Delhi University is all set for a change. After the declaration of a cut-off list, only two days will be allotted for admissions based on the cut-off list and a gap of one day after which the next cut-off list is announced. Until last year, four days were given for admissions based on each cut-off list.The High-Powered Committee setup to review the undergraduate admission process has suggested that colleges can come up with eight to ten cut-off lists in case they are not able to admit enough students following the change. The committee has also suggested scrapping the migration system under which students can migrate to another college after completion of the first year.The committee has also proposed changes in the semester system. The proposal says that students who were not allowed to sit for the first semester exams for reasons such as low attendance will not be allowed to take admission in the same class; they will have to apply again as freshers and take admission according to the cut-off marks.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12205523", "title": "Dalits, atta-dal scheme doomed Cong chances", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The shift in dalit vote and the atta-dal scheme did the Congress in during the Punjab assembly elections. This is the analysis of the recent poll debacle done by the party, which will be submitted to AICC president Sonia Gandhi by Punjab Congress chief Capt Amarinder Singh on Saturday.\"Our initial assessment that Manpreet Badal's People's Party of Punjab had done most of the damage, is not the only reason. We have analyzed the results in details now. The shift in BSP vote, particularly in Doaba, and popularity of the atta-dal scheme, are the main reasons for SAD-BJP win. Ironically, the atta-dal scheme is being run mainly with Centre's help, but they (SAD) appropriated the credit,\" Amarinder told TOI.\"For the last one month, I had been having sleepless nights, thinking about the financial mess that they have landed Punjab into. The Rs 8,000 crore that TOI mentioned in its report on Thursday (the estimated cost of meeting some manifesto promises made by SAD) is just the tip of an iceberg. The Rs 1,000 allowance for unemployed graduates would not have to be given only to the 4.3 lakh registered with employment exchanges; there are 47 lakh unemployed in the state. They will all have to be included in this scheme.\"SAD, he said, made the promises safe in the belief that they were not coming back, \"but now, the first thing required of them would be to clear the Rs 2000 crore worth of treasury bills,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12210653", "title": "CM to fete Biharis in Delhi", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar will honour some Bihari achievers living in Delhi on March 18 at a function to be held in connection with Bihar centenary celebrations. The function to showcase the Bihari heritage, culture and pride is being organized by Bihar Shatabdi Utsav committee.The daylong programme will be held at Coronation Park at Burari near Delhi University, where a large number of prominent Biharis based in Delhi will be present. \"This is a non-government and non-political event,\" said BJP leader Sanjay Jha. Since the CM has not attended a single social or political programme in Delhi during the last six years, this programme is being held to coincide with hundred years of Bihar's separate identity, he added.JD (U) MLC Neeraj Kumar, who is also camping in Delhi for a fortnight with Jha to make preparations for the event, said the function would help in branding of Bihar with stress on Bihar's pride. \"People of Bihar faced great difficulties and humiliation outside the state during the last two decades, but the situation has changed in the last five years. Embarrassment at being called a Bihari is a thing of past. Nitishji truly says that now being called a Bihari is not a matter of shame but dignity,\" Kumar said.He said that programmes similar to the one in Delhi would also be organized in Kolkata and Mumbai. \"Biharis living anywhere for generations have not severed their contacts with their place of origin,\" said Jha.This apart, the official programme in continuation with the Bihar centenary celebrations will be held in Delhi's Siri Fort auditorium and Dilli Hat between March 22-28, said principal secretary, education department, and chief organizer of the Bihar centenary celebrations, Anjani Kumar Singh. In Jaipur, the programme would be organized between April 6-8, he said on Saturday.The main celebration will be held at Gandhi Maidan here between March 22-24 to mark the hundred years of notification for the separate identity of Bihar in 1912. Big names associated with art, culture, sport and film are expected to be here during the three-day functions.Singh said the Bihar Foundation will organize centenary celebrations at different places in the country as well as some foreign countries where Biharis live in large numbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12204781", "title": "\u2018We expect govt to protect Goa\u2019", "text": "PANAJI: The church in Goa on Friday demanded that the new BJP-MGP government in Goa must protect the forests, the mangroves, the paddy fields, khazans, beaches and the pristine villages of Goa as these are \"part of an invaluable and truly irreplaceable heritage\" of the state.When TOI asked what were the expectations of the church in Goa from the new government, Fr Maverick Fernandes, executive director of the church body, the council for social justice and peace (CSJP), responded with a written statement highlighting the church's expectations.Fernandes stated that \"given the fragility and limited availability of the land mass, both due to Goa being a small state and the depletion of available land due to inappropriate and indiscriminate developmental pressures; it becomes imperative that the government\" make several commitments.The CSJP urged for a moratorium on sale and conversions of all land (except for single dwelling units in the settlement zone) for the next five years within which time the carrying capacity of the land has to be studied and implementation of necessary development controls based on the study should be put in place.It also urged imposing a ban on all illegal mining activities in Goa and appointment of an independent commission to conduct an environmental inquiry into the feasibility of the existing mining activity.The CSJP requested devolution of powers (functions, functionaries and finances) to the local self-governing institutions in a time-bound manner, approving the report of the second finance commission and appointment of the third finance commission. It also urged that the new government enact appropriate legislations, policies, and programmes in consonance with the 73rd and 74th constitutional amendment to address corruption, alienation of traditional communities from their land, right to ownership of resources, depleting natural resources, loss of people's rights and identity, discrimination against minorities and denial of their rights.The CSJP urged that the government reformulate the RP2021 through a participatory process after abrogating the TCP Act, 1974, and replacing it with the Goa Development Planning Act, 2010, (the CSJP framework which was submitted to the government). It demanded protection of the traditional livelihoods of the Goan people and preserving the culture and unique environment. The church also demanded setting up of a functional state human rights commission and a state minority rights commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12203311", "title": "Chennai metro to assess parking demand", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai Metro Rail Limited (CMRL) is conducting a study on integrating the system with other forms of transport, providing adequate parking space at every station along with space for pick-up and drop facility, special stops for feeder buses and making the system pedestrian-friendly.At a symposium on challenges in multi modal integration here on Friday, CMRL chief general manager N K Kumar said the focus was on providing parking space at the 36 stations. \"A metro rail station should ideally have ample space for parking vehicles, passengers to cycle, walk or wait and people to be picked up and dropped off by public or personal transport,\" he said.The station coming up in Ashok Nagar was being designed as an ideal station with all the above mentioned facilities and a well-defined footpath for pedestrians, he said.Admitting that they initially faced difficulties in acquiring land, he said, \"In a built-up city like Chennai, however large the compensation, people do not want to part with land. So with the minimal acquisition, we are trying to study the possibilities,\" said Kumar.The study is expected to assess the parking demand at the various stations, based on which feeder bus stops and services are likely to be planned. Kumar said: \"We may need special buses that just connect passengers from a bus stop to a station, or we may come up with autos or mini-buses, but we are working on inter connectivity now.\"The next couple of years are likely to see CMRL working with a pedestrian-friendly focus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12203320", "title": "President Pratibha Patil to grace Dadar school\u2019s centenary", "text": "MUMBAI: President Pratibha Patil will be the guest of honour at the Raja Shivaji Vidyalaya in Dadar, which is celebrating its centenary.While the festivities started two years ago with a host of get together parties, guest lectures by past students for the current batches and other cultural programs, the finale will be held on March 13.\"The function will be open to all our ex-students, teachers, principals and employees and our current team,\" said Smita Mhaskar, principal of the school.Formerly known as King George English School, the school was re-christened to its current name in 1974 and the medium of language became semi-English. \"We then continued the school only under Marathi medium for some years. Recently, we again started running as a semi-English medium school,\" added Mhaskar.Other dignitaries who will grace the occasion are Governor K Sankaranarayanan, CM Prithviraj Chavan, governor of Orissa Murlidhar Bhandare and deputy CM Ajit Pawar. In fact, Bhandare is an ex-student of the school.Other famous ex-students of the school include cricketers Dilip Vengsarkar and Madhav Mantri. Marathi actors Prashant Damle and Tushar Dalvi, industrialist Gajanan Pendharkar of Vicco and Kishor Avarsekar of Unity Infra.All ex-students can get in touch with the authorities on 022-61379671/75 to be a part of the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12204851", "title": "Sportsman-cop found dead at house", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT police sub-inspector Vishal Sharma, 36; who was a former Ranji player from Jammu, was found dead at his official residence in Sector 42 on Friday.Cops have ruled out any foul play and said it was a suicide. The body was found two days later and in a decomposed state. Sharma was one of the best cricketers of the Chandigarh police team and was to be awarded for excellent performance in a cricket match on Saturday.The incident came to light when Sharmaa??s teammates reached his house to inform him of his win, but found the door locked from the inside. Sharma, sources said, had not been attended the the practice sessions at Sector 16 cricket stadium for two days. Teammate Sanjay Kumar said, \"We knocked on the door many times but he did not respond. So we informed the police control room. Cops found Sharma's body.\"No suicide note was found but the police said the suicide might have been due to a domestic cause.Victima's wife Neetu Sharma and their two children had been living away at police lines in Sector 26 since February 25. Sharmaa??s mother-in-law is also a UT police inspector.SHO Sector-36 police station Sukhbir Rana said the stink emanating from the body indicated that Sharma consumed some pesticide. The victima??s parents have been informed.The body has been kept in the mortuary of GMH-16 and postmortem would be conducted on Saturday. Police have initiated inquest proceedings.Sub-inspector Vishal Sharma was addicted to alcohol and had been undergoing a treatment at PGI. He had joined UT police in 1995 and had worked in different wings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12213181", "title": "Govt wants roads free of seized vehicles", "text": "GUWAHATI: Acting on public complaints to remove seized vehicles lying on the roads in front of city police stations, Kamrup (Metro) deputy commissioner Ashutosh Agnihotri has written to city SP Apurba Jiban Baruah to search for a separate space to shift the seized vehicles.\"The district administration received complaints from the local people on seized vehicles lying on the road in front of Chandmari police station in the city. The depleted vehicles lying on the road is making it difficult for people to pass through the road in front of the police station. The vehicles lying on the road can also create problems while cleaning the drains,\" said a district administration official.Seized vehicles have also been creating similar problems in front of the Gitanagar police station. The seized vehicles stationed in front of Gitanagar police station have caused a lot of inconvenience while removing silt from the drains in Mother Teresa Road of the city. This problem was also discussed in a review meeting of the state public works department (Roads) recently. The official said the seized vehicles lying on Mother Teresa Road can lead to accidents on the busy road.\"Lack of space to keep the seized vehicles is emerging as a big problem in the city. City police have started to look into the matter seriously. The main problem in Guwahati is that many police stations are functioning in rented houses where there is not much parking space. For instance, in the Gitanagar police station there is no space to keep the seized vehicles. Many old seized vehicles in the city police stations have been auctioned but vehicles damaged in accidents or recovered by police have to be kept on the roads by the police stations where there is no permanent campus,\" said an official of the city police traffic branch.He said the problem will be solved as soon as the city police find a parking space for the seized vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12204068", "title": "US anti-terrorism training for police officers", "text": "KOLKATA: In a two-week interactive session at the Swami Vivekananda State Police Academy at Barrackpore, the US Department of State has trained Indian police officers in conducting investigations in terror crimes. A release issued by the US consulate in Kolkata on Friday said the session, conducted jointly with the Union home ministry, was concluded on Tuesday.Conducted by instructors from the Department of State's Antiterrorism Assistance Program (ATA), the focus of the session was on forensic examination of terror crime scenes. Mid-level police officials were trained on \"how to effectively secure a terrorist crime scene and exploit information obtained from the scene.\"Twenty-six police officers from Central and state police forces, including five from the National Investigation Agency, were selected by the home ministry'sBureau of Police Research and Development to attend the session.The ATA course followed the \"train-the-trainer\" method of teaching so that participants could instruct others in the techniques. U.S. consul general in Kolkata Dean Thompson said \"the U.S. ATA training helps build professional networks and sharing of best practices in fighting terrorism.\" The Bureau of Diplomatic Security of the U. S. State Department has already trained over 1,500 Indian police officials in 87 police training courses over the years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12210607", "title": "Mysskin's loss, Rajesh's gain", "text": "Not many know that Udhayanidhi Stalin was supposed to have debuted in the industry with Mysskin's crime thriller, Yuddham Sei.Talking at the audio launch of Udhay's oru Kal Oru Kannadi, Mysskin said, \"K S Ravikumar might have launched Udhay in Kollywood in his Aadhavan, in which he appeared in a cameo in the climax And Rajesh might have directed OKOK, in which he's playing the lead for the first time. But it was for my Yuddham Sei that Udhay did his first photoshoot. We did a look test with Udhay, and he was supposed to have done Yuddham Sei. But things didn't work out then. Now, I think it's good he didn't do my film because I feel Udhay is best suited for light-hearted comedies, in which he can showcase his talent.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12206504", "title": "City enjoys Holi", "text": "LUDHIANA: The festival of colours was celebrated by residents and devotees alike in true Braj Holi style at the Govind Gau Dham, Humbran Road, on Thursday. Here, Holi may not be a 50-day affair like the Braj region of Uttar Pradesh, but it sure had the same enthusiasm and devotion. The colours were specially brought from temples of Vrindavan and even performers who presented 'nrityaa' and 'rasleelaa' came straight from Lord Krishna's birthplace. 'Chappan bhoga' was offered to Lord Krishna prepared by devotees and a dandiya was also organized.Resident of Gurudev Nagar, Geeta Bansal, who visits Vrindavan every Holi, said, ''This year we could not go, but I'm glad that the colours were brought from there. It gave me a sense of satisfaction.''Resident of SBS Nagar, Gautam Puri, said, ''My entire family looks forward to this festival . The vibrant colours spread joy all around, making it a day worth remembering. We prepared different dishes like 'gujiaa' and 'jalebies' for the 'bhoja' to and seek the Lorda's blessings.''Resident of Ferozepur Road, Amit Singla, said, ''This year we enjoyed only with dry colours. Seeing different scenes of Rasleela performed live was a treat.'' Resident of Chaura Baazar, Vinod Seth said, ''The whole family prepared 'chappan bhoga' for the Lord. Though it was not easy we divided work and the effort was worthwhile as it gave us immense satisfaction.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12210568", "title": "Bhavana Rao's next releasing this week", "text": "Bhavana Rao is one actress who has been shuttling between Sandalwood and Kollywood for the past two years.In fact, the actress even has a new identity in K-Town, where she's known as Shikha. She's currently awaiting the release of her next film Vinmeengal, which will release this Friday.The actress considers this role to be very special. \"This role sees me play a mother to a special child. This is a risk that not many actresses my age would have taken, but I chose to do so because I have always wanted to do roles that give me creative satisfaction. This film gave me that, for what I've done in this film is not something that someone would do everyday,\" says Bhavana.Bhavana, who's now shooting for her long pending Kannada film Gaganachukki, has yet another film nearing release. \"I have Padam Paarthu Kadhai Sollu readying for release,\" says Bhavana, who is paired opposite Bangalore-boy Dharun Shathriya in this film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12204750", "title": "Fishermen all at sea over change in weather", "text": "MAPUSA: A sudden change in weather conditions making the Arabian sea rough during the last five days has prevented fishermen in coastal areas of north Goa from venturing into the sea causing a shortage of fish in several markets.Fisherwomen informed that the low quantity of fish available was because trawlers have not been venturing out into the sea due to strong winds and abnormal weather conditions. Even those who take the risk and go out into the sea do not stay for long and return with a small catch. There was very little fish at the Friday market at Mapusa.When contacted, director of Met department K V Singh said that there was no need to panic as nothing unusual was witnessed so far. He said that there was no need to issue any warning.\"Though winter should have subsided by now there is nothing unusual that is witnessed. The speed of the North Westerly winds blowing could be more than normal and this perhaps could be the reason the sea is hostile, preventing trawlers from venturing out,\" K V Singh said.A trawler owner from Chapora, Shekhar Dabholkar, admitted that fishermen were idle for the last 5 days as strong winds were blowing and in such a situation venturing out into the sea was dangerous . \"We are getting a limited catch of fish. We do not know when things will improve,\" said Sebastian Fernandes a trawler owner from Arambol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204182", "title": "Journalist\u2019s arrest: Supporters cite long record, seek release", "text": "NEW DELHI: The police and the administration came in for strong criticism from a section of Delhi Union of Journalists on Friday in connection with the arrest of journalist Syed Mohammad Ahmad Kazmi. While his supporters denounced the police action citing Kazmi's accreditation with the Press Information Bureau for 25 years, they could not cite a strong reason to question his arrest.\"We have sent a letter to the commissioner of police stating four major demands. Firstly, Kazmi should be released on bail as he is already cooperating with police. Secondly, we want cops to keep in mind that his credentials are very strong - he served as a journalist in the battlefields of west Asia - so his bail plea shouldn't be rejected. Thirdly, police should stop using the media to character assassinate the scribe. We also demand a fair and transparent probe,'' said BK Pandey of the Union. He said the journalists were planning to wear black badges to work soon.Senior journalist Syed Naqvi accepted that Kazmi was \"anti-Zionist'' but said he had never compromised on his honesty. \"He was sympathetic to the Palestinian issue and his columns spoke for him. He had written about his recent visit to Syria which was read by the Urdu reading population of UP and other states which went to polls. The timing of the arrest - just after election results were declared - raises questions,'' Naqvi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12203049", "title": "Rahul Dravid gets an emotional farewell from a legion of fans", "text": "When asked what colours he would use if he were to paint a portrait of Rahul Dravid , Yusuf Arakkal, the Kerala-born city-based painter said it wouldn't be brick-red. He argued that while 'The Wall' was a fair symbol of Dravid the cricketer, unbeatable and unbreakable, the 39-year-old Bangalorean was perhaps best depicted in subtle shades. Arakkal, a friend of Dravid's mother Pushpa, said, \"He has a calmness and a sureness very, very few people have. A serene quality that is almost divine.\"On Friday, when Rahul Dravid, whose vital stats include a staggering 24,208 runs in the international game, bid adieu to competitive cricket, Bangalore saluted the passing into history of one of the country's last classical-age batsmen, with a show of emotion that would've made the reigned-in Dravid blush. A blogger wrote an open letter to the last of Bangalore's public school sporting icons, applauding his greatness. While his India teammates called his a \"reassuring presence\", a former schoolmate and hockey Olympian Anil Aldrin said, \"Rahul had a rock-like presence. He is a credit to our school, state and country.\"Aldrin, who played full back for India and who shared the field with Dravid the \"cerebral midfielder\" in his school days, recalled how the cricketing superstar had been pursued by a sports hostel coach to take up hockey. \"Rahul stood firm. He was sure he wanted to play cricket,\" Aldrin, who like Dravid also studied in St Joseph's Boys' High School, said. \"As a sportsman, in his play and character, he epitomized the Josephite spirit, that selfless quality, always playing for the team. He was focused, driven and humble. I wouldn't say an era has ended or the wall has crumbled. The image and impression he created won't fade.\"When Dravid announced his retirement less than 24 hours ago, he underlined those traits that marked him as one of the game's greats. He said, \"My approach to cricket has been reasonably simple: it was about giving everything to the team, it was about playing with dignity and about upholding the spirit of the game. I hope I have done some of that. I have failed at times, but I've never stopped trying.\"Dravid was one of those sportsmen who was born old. And like old wine, he got better with age. While the fast-speaking, slow scoring pro may have always appealed to the mature audience, he's also had a huge following among the youth and not all of them were female fans.In a touching tribute to his hero, Varun Shetty, who called himself just another Bangalore boy, blogged, \"I have learnt from watching you over the years; making every effort to ape you, even attempting to create fake stickers for my bat so that it looks like yours. I didn't do a very good job of that. The closest I came to being anything like you was playing the square cut whilst biting my lips and puffing my cheeks, just the way you always did. You were everything I tried to be, you are everything everyone should try to be.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12203234", "title": "Villagers set fire to police checkpost", "text": "CHENNAI: Some residents of Pathirivedu near Gummidipoondi, 40 km from Chennai, set fire to a police checkpost on Wednesday night after a couple from a nearby village fell down and allegedly got injured when a policeman tried to abruptly stop their bike.The Pathirivedu police registered a case based on the complaint of head constable Wilson under IPC section 435 (mischief by fire or explosive substance with intent to cause damage to a property).Police said Wilson was checking vehicles when he saw a bike coming fast towards the checkpost and waved his lathi, signalling the rider to stop. The rider Shanmugam, however, tried to evade the lathi and plunged into a nearby pit with his wife Bharathi who was riding pillion.Shanmugam and Bharathi were returning home to Agarambedu Colony near Gummidipoondi after attending a relative's marriage in Sathyavedu when they incident occurred. While the couple were rushed to the nearest government hospital, some residents of Pathirivedu protested against the police personnel and subsequently set fire to the temporary shed at the checkpost.On receiving the information, senior police officers rushed to the place, inspected the gutted structure and instructed Pathirivedu inspector Venugopal to put up a temporary checkpost immediately.After police recently set up the special checkpost near Pathirivedu to nab sand smugglers, several lorries laden with sand smuggled from Chittoor and Nellore districts of Andhra Pradesh were seized and the drivers arrested, police sources said. The sand smugglers were now taking a detour via some villages to avoid the Gummidipoondi checkpost, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12203732", "title": "Cusat to help prepare report for Kochi Metro", "text": "KOCHI: The Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) envisages parking facilities at Metro stations, in order to increase its ridership. For this, it has roped in the services of Cusat to conduct a feasibility study on incorporating parking spaces on the Aluva-Petta Metro rail corridor.Cusat will focus on the number of commuters who might opt for Metro trains in all 23 stations, including the two terminal stations. They will assess the number of vehicles that will require parking facilities.The School of Management Studies (SMS), Cusat, will undertake the study and submit the report in three months. A preliminary report will be submitted in six weeks. Cusat was given the task, as the report submitted by Delhi Metro Rail Corporation did not have specifications regarding the parking facilities. In case the parking spaces are to be located away from the station, the university will work out a route plan connecting the parking lot and the station.KMRL will consider introducing shuttle services between parking lots and stations if the distance is long. SMS will work out the requirement of land that has to be acquired for this. \"To avoid traffic congestion, it is important to provide parking. By providing ample facilities, we are integrating personal transport system with mass rapid transit systems,\" KMRL managing director Tom Jose said.SMS' director P R Wilson said, as they had better understanding and clear perception regarding the requisites of the city residents, they can carry out the survey effectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12203753", "title": "Catholic Church to felicitate large families", "text": "KOCHI: The Catholic Church's programme to felicitate large families will be held at Changanassery this week. 'Jeevasamridhi', the programme launched by Kerala Catholic Bishops' Council pro life committee and Chavara Family Welfare Centre, will honour couples who got married after 1990 and have more than four children, and couples who have been married for 40 years and have more than five children.As the dwindling Christian population has been a concern, the church took the initiative to promote the concept of big families. It plans to felicitate 5,000 families with more than four children. In Pala, the programme identified 500 couples who have not restricted the number of children to two. \"Even young couples are in favour of large families. We are not making this an aggressive campaign. It is just to promote family values and tradition, and we need to maintain a balance,\" says Fr Jose Kottayil, programme co-ordinator.Church officials maintain, kids from large families should be given preference in school admissions and hospitals. In Changanassery, the programme will be held at SB College on Sunday at 11 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12204762", "title": "No late payment fee for January phone bills: BSNL", "text": "PANAJI: BSNL landline subscribers, worried over being forced to pay a late fee as they did not receive their January bill on time can now rest easy.BSNL officials on Friday blamed the delay in issuing of the January landline bill on a technical problem and said they will waive off the late payment fee. \"I did not receive my telephone bill for January and wondered what had happened,\" said a senior citizen from Dona Paula.Suresh Naik, BSNL's deputy general manager (finance), told TOI \"We will see that the surcharge is waived off if the bill was not received on time.\" BSNL has upgraded its billing software from the Dotsoft software which was being used previously to the CDR (call details record) software. The upgrade caused the delay in issuing of bills.\"We have switched over to a new software which has been developed in partnership with TCS. The delay was because of a switch in systems. The new software will enable customers to view bills from the internet, download bills and make payments online among other facilities,\" Naik said.The new online portal for checking usage is 'live' and Naik said BSNL would come out with details of how customers should go about the online process soon. \"We will inform subscribers on the registration process,\" he said. Roland Martins, coordinator of consumer rights group, GOACAN, told TOI, \"Upgrading of software is a good thing. But it is essential that companies adequately inform customers about the last date of payment. Senior citizens and housewives tend to get worried about such matters.\"But, some customers alleged that when they inquired at their local post office on the status of the bills, postal authorities claimed they had not received the bills. Naik said that the last date for payment of the January bill was March 13. Those who have not received their bills can go to the nearest BSNL customer service centre and a duplicate bill will be issued to them, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12209935", "title": "I'm scared of horror movies: Poonam Bajwa", "text": "After Venicile Vyapari, Poonam Bajwa is taking it slow in Mollywood. The actress has now signed up for Anil's next, Mandhrikan. A horror comedy, the movie will have Poonam playing the female lead.\"It is too early to talk about my role. All I can say is, I play a bubby character in it,\" says Poonam, adding that she is scared of horror movies.\"Especially now, since I am living alone, I avoid watching such movies,\" says the actress, who prefers mushy romances instead.\" But she is quick to add that she does not mind featuring in such movies.Mandhrikan revolves around the backdrop of a 20-day wedding ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "4768927", "title": "All-time ICC ODI Batsmen Rankings", "text": "&lt;&lt; BACK   Rank Player Country Rating Against1Viv RichardsWest Indies935Pakistan2Zaheer AbbasPakistan931New Zealand3Greg ChappellAustralia921New Zealand4David GowerEngland920New Zealand5Dean JonesAustralia918West Indies6Javed MiandadPakistan911Sri Lanka6Brian LaraWest Indies911Pakistan8Gary KirstenSouth Africa903Australia9Desmond HaynesWest Indies899New Zealand10Allan LambEngland898Pakistan11Gordon GreenidgeWest Indies896India12Sachin TendulkarIndia887Zimbabwe13Michael BevanAustralia886England14Graham GoochEngland867Pakistan15Michael HusseyAustralia865New Zealand16Aravinda de SilvaSri Lanka861Pakistan17Kepler WesselsAustralia858Sri Lanka18Glenn TurnerNew Zealand857Sri Lanka19Hashim AmlaSouth Africa854Pakistan20Mark WaughAustralia853New Zealand &lt;&lt; BACK", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12203319", "title": "Mission Eurasia brings couple to Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: German couple Martin Henning, 32, and his wife Sarah Mueller-Weinhardt, 28, share more than wanderlust and a craze for a four-wheel drive van-camper that is out of production.Martin, a software programmer, and Sarah, a student on a sabbatical, set out on a 50,000km journey across two continents and over 300 days in a modified Volkswagen Vanagon Syncro Westfalia because they also love meeting people of various cultures.The couple set off on their voyage from Berlin on January 12 and passed through Turkey , Iran and Pakistan , entering India through Punjab and driving south through various states before reaching Chennai on Monday.As they parked their vehicle for the night on a road in Teynampet, a resident of the locality was watching them with curiosity. S. Sridhar says he spoke to them and asked about their journey. \"I advised them to stay in my house because there are lots of mosquitoes outside and the road smells of garbage,\" Sridhar says. \"They accepted the invitation very happily.\" When TOI caught up with the couple, they were preparing to leave for Malaysia . From there, they will travel north through Thailand , China and Mongolia before heading west across the vast Russian steppes back to Europe. Along the way, with their own money and a little funding from family and friends, they are attempting to help people in need. In Pakistan, they donated four laptops and 1,100 euros to a girl's school. \"We have met interesting people on the journey and had unforgettable experiences,\" says Martin. \"We want to meet people, not the landscape.\"Since they had limited finances, and staying in hotels would be too costly, they had to innovate. Martin made many changes to the vehicle to include a mini shower and toilet and a tank that can store 120 litres of drinking water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12211510", "title": "US rules out military option in Syria as it 'could escalate humanitarian crisis'", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US has ruled out military option in Syria, as it could escalate the humanitarian crisis there, but vowed to ramp up pressure on Syrian regime by involving the international community.The White House said a proposal for air strikes \"has come up\" for discussion.\" ... part of what concerns us about that type of proposal is that could actually escalate the humanitarian crisis without solving the problem,\" said a White House official on condition of anonymity when asked about the military options in Syria as was done in the case of Libya.The environment and circumstances in Syria is much more different from that in Libya, with whom it is often compared, the official said.\"You know, you could have more people killed, more violence, more militarization of the situation in Syria without essentially reversing the situation on the ground,\" the official said in an interaction with a group of journalist.The official, however, said the elements of a strategy in Syria includes the international community working to pressure the Assad regime, provide humanitarian assistance, and provide a support structure for political transition. \"And that includes engaging the opposition and the Syrian National Council in particular go forward.\"He said the US will continue work the Friends of Syria group that's been established to look at all \"possible means of providing assistance to the Syrian people and putting pressure on the Syrian regime\".The UN has estimated that over 7,500 people have been killed since the uprising against president Bashar Assad's regime began a year ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12205130", "title": "Congress worker shot dead", "text": "JAIPUR: A 28-year-old youth, a Congress party worker and gem stone businessman from Ramganj, was found dead with five bullet marks in the chest along the Jaipur-Delhi highway at Amber's Harvar village on Friday.The youth, who the police said was associated with a cell of Congress party in the state, was last seen around 8.30 pm on Thursday with some friends in Ramganj. Police said an investigation has been initiated into the killing. The possibility of some rivalry as a motive has not been ruled out.According to the police, the deceased has been identified as Rahil alias Imran Khan, a resident of Ramganj Bazaar and was found some 200 metres away from the national highway in the morning. \"Rahil's family is into gem stone business,\" a police officer said.Some passers-by informed police around 7.30 am that a body was lying near the building of a dental college. \"A road leads to Harvar village from the Jaipur-Delhi National Highway. The body was lying face-down 200 meters from the highway,\" the officer said.Police found his belongings including purse, mobile phone other identification documents missing. The officer said the body was identified in the afternoon following which a post-mortem was conducted. \"We are awaiting the report.The call details of the mobile belonging to the youth are being examined,\" the officer said.Rahil was seen hanging around with his friends around 8.30 pm on Thursday. \"He left on his bike and then went missing,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12213906", "title": "'Jhaverchand Meghani' chair at Saurashtra University", "text": "RAJKOT: Saurashtra University (SU) will institute a 'Shree Jhaverchand Meghani Lok Shahitya Kendra (chair) from this year to keep alive the literary tradition of Gujarat's famous poet and litterateur.University officials said that the state government had decided to allot Rs 25 lakh every year for the chair. Religious preacher Morari Bapu will inaugurate the 'Jhaverchand Meghani Lok Shahitya Kendra' on March 12 at Hemu Gadhvi Hall in the city.Dr Ambadan Rohadia, professor at Saurashtra University's Gujarati department, has been appointed the centre's director while the varsity's vice-chancellor will be its chairman.Rohadia said the chair aims at keeping alive Gujarat's traditional folklore through research, translation, oral tradition and compilation. \"We will organize lectures, seminar, workshops, lok dayra, santvani, etc, to popularize the folklore among people,'' he said.University officials said, \"The Jhaverchand Meghani Lok Shahitya Award will also be given to people, who have made contributions in the field of folk literature. This year Bhagvandash Patel, who has worked in tribal literature, will get the award. The award carries a cash prize of Rs 1 lakh and a citation.\"Jhaverchand Meghani was a Gujarati litterateur and freedom fighter on whom Mahatma Gandhi had conferred the title of Rashteeya Shaayar (national poet). He was an author, poet, researcher, journalist, singer, orator, social reformist and thinker and had authored over 100 books.Professor Sanjay Bhave, H K Arts College, Ahmedabad, has been popularizing Meghani's literary works in the state, through his 'Avo manas koyi joyo nathi' (We have never seen a man like him) programmes. He said, \"Meghani had great intellectual integrity and his research in folklore had no equals. During recent years, Meghani's work had got limited to only lok dayra though he had also raised his voice for the downtrodden. The chair will hopefully help bring to light his unknown works and their different aspects.\"Jhaverchand Meghani is a household name in Gujarat. His most famous work was 'Saurashtra ni Rasdhar' \"We also plan to translate folk literature belonging to other languages. It will help us to keep alive our folklore, Sant Shahitya and Charni Shahitya,\" Rohadia said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12204228", "title": "Former shuttler says, Rahul's retirement decision is apt", "text": "NAGPUR: Former international shuttler Pradeep Gandhe appreciated the timely retirement decision of Rahul Dravid .Gandhe, who is Vijeeta's maternal uncle, termed it as the appropriate one. \"I think it was apt and sensible decision. It is always nice to call it a day when people say 'why' rather than 'why not',\" said Gandhe, who is vice-president of Badminton Association of India (BAI).The 56-year-old Gandhe, who is younger brother of Vijeeta's mother Jaishree, knows Dravid family from close quarters and said Dravid's wife must have played a key role in the decision.\"Whatever little I know about Vijeeta and Rahul, I can guess that the couple must have sat together for a long time before taking such a tough decision. I am really impressed by the timing of the decision because for an athlete it is very difficult to push yourself beyond the age of 39. It is really remarkable that Rahul kept his fitness level at the highest level till the very end of his international career. Full marks to him,\" added Gandhe, who have seen Rahul and Vijeeta since childhood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12203398", "title": "Mumbai-Delhi route to get Duronto train service", "text": "MUMBAI: Commuters on the Mumbai-Delhi route will get a Duronto train service in the next ten days apart from a similar service to Allahabad whose inaugural run will take place on March 11 from Lokmanya Tilak Terminus (LTT).Durontooperates non-stop between the originating station and the final destination. Western Railway plans to run a bi-weekly Duronto between Mumbai and New Delhi on Monday and Tuesday at 11.15pm. The train will cover the distance in 16-17 hours. On March 11, the inaugural special run of the LTT-Allahabad Duronto will take place from LTT at 11.25am and arrive at Allahabad at 9.50am on the following day.Thereafter, the regular services will depart from Mumbai at 5.25pm every Monday and Friday and will arrive in Allahabad at 12.25pm on the following day. On its return journey , the train will leave Allahabad at 7.30pm every Tuesday and Saturday and will arrive at LTT at 2.50pm on the following day. Central Railway will also flag off a Pune-Ahmedabad triweekly Duranto Express and Superfast Rajya Rani Express between Manmad and LTT on March 11 and 10, respectively.In the next ten days, WR will carry out inaugural runs of BDTS-Jammu Tavi Vivek Express and the Mumbai-Chandigarh Express that will depart on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday at 11.25pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12204897", "title": "Hue and cry: Pink just a pigment of our imagination?", "text": "LONDON: Pink, the colour of universal love, doesn't exist - it's just a pigment of our imagination, a leading scientist has claimed.Pink is, in fact, a combination of red and violet, two colours, which - if one looks at a rainbow - are on the opposite sides of the spectrum, according to Robert Krulwich , presenter of a scientific radio show Radiolab.As colour is a construct of people's eyes and brains, when one looks at a pink object one is not actually seeing pink wavelengths of light. He says it only appears pink as certain wavelengths of light are reflected while others are absorbed, quenched, by the pigments, the Daily Mail said.So, pink is a reflective colour , not a transmissive colour - one can see it because the brain translates light bouncing off objects, says Krulwich who describes it as a \"made-up colour\" . However, Jill Morton, professor at the University of Hawaii , disagrees.She told 'popsci.com' , \"Of course pink is a colour. But with that said, pink is indeed not part of the light spectrum . It's an extra-spectral colour, and it has to be mixed to generate it.\"If you take a tube of red paint and add white to it, you'll get pink. If you work with watercolours, take red paint and add a lot of water to it and put it on watercolour paper, that would be pink. \"Technically it's right that you can't generate pink in the rainbow colours. But you can mix other colours in light to get pink. This is about interpreting the visual world.\" PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12204847", "title": "'We will support any political alliance that agrees to CMP'", "text": "NASHIK: While the political equations for the mayoral elections for the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) continue to be fluid, the Vikas Aghadi (a registered group of six independent candidates) on Friday said it is keeping all its options open and will support any one of the three parties that agree to the Common Minimum Programme (CMP) it has drawn up with the CPM.There had been a lot of speculation recently after the Shiv Sena's incharge for Nashik affairs Arvind Sawant on Thursday claimed that the NMC mayor would be from the Shiv Sena-BJP-RPI (A) alliance, with the support of independents. Sawant had also held talks with the group leader of the Vikas Aghadi, Gurmeet Bagga.\"We had positive talks with Shiv Sena leader Arvind Sawant and he told us he will convey the decision of the party to us after discussions with the Shiv Sena's executive president Uddhav Thackeray. But, this does not mean we have given 100% support to the Shiv Sena. We will support the party or alliance which agrees to our CMP,\" Bagga said.\"Our CMP includes demands like the regular receipt of the resolutions of the general body meetings of the NMC, inclusion of only those resolutions that have been passed, 2.5 years' timeframe for the CMP and the guarantee of clean administration. There are only three parties, the MNS (with 40 seats), the NCP-Congress combine (total 35 seats) and the Shiv Sena-BJP-RPI (A) alliance (total 36 seats), which are staking claim in the mayoral poll. We have kept all options open and will support the party or alliance which will guarantee the implementation of the CMP,\" Bagga said. He added that he still had not received an official invitation from either the NCP or the MNS. \"But we will hold talks with them if they invite us,\" he said.The recent NMC elections have thrown up the a fragmented mandate as not a single party has received enough seats to constitute a majority. At the same time, when all major political parties are looking at several permutation combinations to gain control over the NMC, the group of six independent candidates and the CPM have come together to create a joint CMP ahead of the mayoral polls.In the NMC elections, the MNS had emerged as the single-largest party, getting 40 seats in all, while the Shiv Sena won 19 seats, BJP 14, Congress 15, NCP 20, RPI (A) three, independents six, CPM three and Janrajya Aghadi two seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12206824", "title": "Panel soon on mushrooming media schools, says Soni", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is planning to constitute a committee to look into the mushrooming of media training schools across the country, Information and Broadcasting Minister Ambika Soni said here Friday.Conferring the Seema Nazreth Award for Journalistic Excellence to Indulekha Arvind of Business Standard at a function here, Soni said her ministry was in the process of constituting a committee in consultation with human resource development (HRD) ministry to review the mushrooming of media training institutes across the country.According to an official press release, the minister said the committee would comprise of key stakeholders associated with the issue.The minister said Seema Nazreth Award, instituted by Business Standard, provided an ideal platform to nurture talent based on professionalism, skills and aptitude for journalism.She said the government had initiated measures to establish regional centres of Indian Institute of Mass Communication ( IIMC) at four Aizawl , Amravati, Kerala and Jammu to promote excellence in journalismThe minister said she was confident that the ongoing debate in the country on the issue of regulation and self-regulation in the electronic and print media would help in bringing about consensus and new perspectives on issues related to freedom of press.She said the media landscape had placed India in an exciting position globally and growth of the sector was robust with over 82,000 publications and 800 broadcast channels.The release said that while the media and entertainment sector in India grew at 11.2 percent in 2010, it grew at less than four percent in the developed countries in the same period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12203516", "title": "\u2018Accused\u2019 reveal tales of terror", "text": "HYDERABAD: 'After the Storm' a documentary by Delhi-based filmmaker Subhradeep Chakravorty highlighting the plight of seven Muslim youngsters falsely implicated by police, was screened at the Deccan College of Engineering auditorium in Darussalam on Friday after the Hyderabad police refused to accord permission to screen it at a public venue.Exposing the highhandedness of the police, the narrative resonates with tales of torture and inhuman treatment meted out to the victims in police custody even as family members speak of the emotional and financial burden on them. Every experience recounted left the audience with a sinking feeling about the police machinery.Amongst the seven individuals were Mohammed Fassiuddin, Moutasim Billah and Sheik Abdul Kaleem from Hyderabad. While Fassiuddin was implicated in the twin blast cases of Gokul Chat and Lumbini Park of August 2007, Kaleem was taken in after the Mecca Masjid blast case of May 2007. As for Billah, an engineering student, he was taken into custody in 2008 for 'conspiring to spread terror' in the city.\"I was taken in by the police at gun-point when I was on the way to attend a friend's wedding. From the time I was arrested, the police tried to make me confess in the Mecca Masjid bomb blast case. They were not ready to believe me when I told them I had never gone to Mecca Masjid to offer prayers. It was not interrogation but orders to confess,\" Kaleem narrates in the film. Kaleem's parents were in the dark of his whereabouts until he was produced in court. \"When I read the case diary, I came to know that I was accused of supplying SIM cards to the terrorists who carried out the blasts. They also accused my brother, who lives abroad, of handing me 10 kg RDX, which according to them was distributed by meto carry out the blast,\" he said. However the cases did not stand and Kaleem was acquitted in September 2008 after spending 18 months in prison.The documentary concludes with each of the seven men voicing their thoughts about the secular fabric and police machinery and ruing how Muslims are picked up and subjected to torture under draconian laws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12204801", "title": "Global liver health experts in city for better care", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An international liver summit will be held at the JW Marriott Hotel, Chandigarh from March 8-10, in which 48 international hepatologists, including some from US, Canada, UK, Austria and France, will participate.Dr Arvind Sahni, organizing chairman of the summit, said, a??World-wide, liver diseases are taking an epidemic form and over 70 million people are living with liver cirrhosis. This summit will discuss the latest research and trends, which would ultimately translate into improved patient care, bringing hope for those living with liver disease.a?? Two billion people across the globe have been infected by Hepatitis B at some stage of their life. Of them, there are 350-370 million chronic Hepatitis B carriers, including 150 million in the Western Pacific region, 40-60 million in Africa, 40-50 million in India, 11 million in central and South America and 1.25 million in North America. Globally, over 180 million people are infected with Hepatitis C virus, of which over 10 million are intravenous drug abusers.The conference will be used as a platform to urge the Union government and international bodies to focus on including hepatitis vaccination in routine immunization. Dr Gurbir Singh, medical director of the Mohali-based private hospital that organized the conference said, a??Liver disease can be prevented by ensuring three doses of Hepatitis B vaccination for all babies. Presently, 4 out of 5 babies are not given the third dose and we would educate people on dangers of popping pills without doctorsa?? advice,a?? Dr Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204266", "title": "Register online for organ donation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi government launched an online registration system for voluntary organ donation in brain death cases on Friday. Institute of Liver and Biliary Sciences (ILBS) has been given the responsibility of initiating and supervising the framework for Deceased Organ and Retrieval Organization (DORSO). DORSO is a non-government, non-profit organization that has been approved by Delhi State Deceased Organ and Retrieval Transplant Authority (DORTA) to implement Delhi State Deceased Organ and Retrieval Program. Voluntary donors can register their names on www.dorso.org. Chief minister Sheila Dikshit is the brand ambassador of the programme.\"The DORSO website will make the registration process easier. Those who type in their details will instantly be provided with donor cards. Donors have to provide vital information such as the next of kin or signed witnesses,\" said a senior doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12207768", "title": "Missing man\u2019s ashes found in coconut pit; wife, daughter held", "text": "City police have cracked the missing case of \" Meese\" Ashok alias Ashok,44, reported 13 months back with police finding his remains - that too in ashes.Police on Friday claimed that Ashok's wife Chandravathi,41 had murdered her husband and disposed the body of with the help of their daughter Ashwini,22. Police commissioner Seemanth Kumar Singh told media here that the exact motive behind the murder had not been established as Chandravathi's statement that Ashok was harassing her and her daughter could not be taken at face value.\"We are still in the process of establishing the motive,'' he said.Singh said that according to Chandravathi, she had murdered Ashok by smashing his head with a grinding stone while he was asleep. Later with the help of her daughter she burnt the body in the bathroom fire place. The remains like bones were smashed into pieces with a hammer and put in a sack. Some of the remaining ash was disposed of in the coconut pit behind the house. Later the duo disposed of the gunny sack at a river. Police have sent the ash samples collected from the pit to Bangalore for DNA profiling. Singh said the other remains would not be needed as they only need to establish whether the ash found at the house was that of Ashok, by comparing it with the DNA of his siblings. The couple also has a son, Eshanya,18, who is working in Bangalore.Ashok, who had served in the Home Guards for several years, had also worked as a security guard at a private college. He was also involved in social work and took interest in caring for orphans and exploring ways to rehabilitate them. Singh said that Ashok was running a private security agency and Chandravathi accused him of sending her and Ashwini as substitutes whenever employees were on leave. After Ashok went missing on December 7, 2010, Chandravathi had lodged a compliant saying that some persons had taken him and he had not returned to mislead police. The accused have been arrested under IPC Sections 302 (murder), 201 (causing disappearance of evidence) read along with 34.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12204936", "title": "Meeting between parents, university turns ugly", "text": "TRICHY: A meeting called by the registrar of Bharathidasan University, T Ramaswamy to resolve the issue of 11 suspended students from the department of women's studies turned unsavoury after their parents were allegedly humiliated and asked to leave the registrar's office on Thursday. The meeting had been called by the registrar through intimation telegrams sent to 11 students, who were asked to bring their parents to the meeting.The parents, who were 'sent out' claimed that they were admonished for lack of good parenting and how their children were more interested in roaming about the Khajamalai campus posing for media cameras and not concentrating on their studies. The meeting was attended by 10 first year MA students, along with their parents, while the other student, who is physically challenged, did not attend at the instance of the others. The students told TOI that they were treated shabbily by the authorities.However, Ramasamy pooh-poohed their claims and said that he did not ill-treat any of the parents or students, but did tell them to get out as the meeting could not transact any meaningful business. Controller of Exams, Sridhar, who was also present in the meeting, denied such incident having taken place. One of the students' father told TOI that they were asked to give in writing taking responsibility for all that had happened, to which they collectively refused to comply, and the meeting was abandoned midway.It may be recalled that the 11 students were suspended over the issue of Dr Manimekalai, the then head of the women's studies department, who was suspended and reinstated, following the intervention of the governor and chancellor K Rosaiah. Manimekalai was transferred to the economics department, which triggered an agitation from the students, who wanted the vice-chancellor to reinstate her in the women's studies department. However, the registrar had on February 23 ordered all the second year MA students in the department to go on internship training for 45 days and suspended the classes of first year MA students until further notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12203134", "title": "Nobel laureate says nuclear energy can harm", "text": "CHENNAI: Some experts may lobby that nuclear power is clean, green and emission-free, but a specialist in the field, Hans-Peter Durr, director emeritus at the Max-Planck Institute in Munich , Germany, says nuclear energy poses serious threat to public health and encourages a major financial drain on national economies. Durr won the Nobel peace prize in 1995.He delivered the TAG-VHS diabetes research speech on 'nuclear power and energy hunger' in the city on Friday in the presence of Consul General of the Federal Republic of Germany Stefan Weckbach and an auditorium filled with scientists, doctors, businessmen and retired government officials.\"We have exhausted resources like fossils for the sake of fuel. We should understand uranium is limited too. If we exhaust all these resources we would have nothing to rely on,\" he said.Durr said we would be able to produce adequate energy from soft sources like the sun. \"No one in the world knows what they should be doing with the waste generated from the nuclear waste, except for bombs. Even hiding the waste under the sea won't help as its half life is several hundred years,\" he said.Earlier at a press conference on Thursday, Durr said government of India and Tamil Nadu should look at alternative sources to tap energy instead of opening a nuclear power plant in Kudankulam.Durr said there were 40 steps to tap energy from the sun, which is larger than energy from any life source put together. He argued that plants have been one of best species tapping solar energy. They convert solar energy into chlorophyll to sustain life.\"I have worked on it for nearly 40 years now. In fact, my country has so much excess energy generated from solar power that we have given energy to France,\" he said.Sources of nuclear power will not be adequate or sustainable, but expensive. The dangers of radiation and tragedies like in Japan can be avoided, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12209485", "title": "Keep your hair lustrous post Holi", "text": "Hair care is much needed post Holi celebration with colours.The festival of Holi is fun but, post that, most people are upset with colours damaging the hair. It becomes dry, frizzy and unmanageable due to exposure to colours. Here are few handy tips to keep your hair lustrous and manageable post Holi:1. While washing, don't use a harsh shampoo. Protect your hair from chemical damage by using a shampoo meant for your hair. Say, if you have dry hair, there are herbal shampoos available only for dry hair. This protects the hair from losing its quality.2. Don't forget to condition your hair after washing. Often hair becomes rough and unmanageable due to Holi colours.3. Apply curd on your hair after a single wash. Mix curd and lemon juice and apply properly. Leave for 45 minutes. Wash with a mild shampoo. This is an effective hair care tip as Holi colours damage soft hair making it rough. Curd makes the hair soft and shiny.4. After hair wash, rinse the hair with white vinegar. Vinegar softens the hair and repairs damage. It also strengthens hair root and improves growth.5. To set your hair, you can apply little serum. Serum softens the hair and makes it manageable.shruti.jambhekar@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12204737", "title": "Madkaikar, Nirmala workers clash at Corlim", "text": "PANAJI: One person was arrested by the Old Goa police after a fight broke out between supporters of Cumbharjua's Congress MLA Pandurang Madkaikar and independent candidate Nirmala Sawant over the bursting of firecrackers in front of the MLA's residence at Ravalnath Nagar, Corlim, on Thursday.Devraj Naik complained to Old Goa police that at around 4 pm, accused persons - Cumbharjua sarpanch Surendra Naik, Vikrant Parab, Ajit Naik, Nilesh Shirodkar, Dhaku Madkaikar, Sunil Naik, Kiran Naik, Ganesh Gawas, Prajay Parvatkar, Vishal Phatak, Sham Bambolikar, Hanumant Burakatti, Suraj Naik alias Babloo, Dinesh Usgaonkar, Raju Bharne, Shailesh Phadte, Kunal Naik, Milind Tari, Pankaj Bhosle, Prashant Bhandari, Sameer Naik, Sameer Volvoikar and 60-odd unidentified persons formed an unlawful assembly with a common objective, abused him and his friends and threatened them.Sham has been arrested. Police said that soon after the election results were declared, Madkaikar's supporters burst firecrackers outside Sawant's residence and in retaliation, Sawant's supporters burst firecrackers outside Madkaikar's residence on Holi.The accused also injured Devraj, his friends and damaged the windscreen of a vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12205101", "title": "Team Anna demands strong whistleblower law", "text": "NEW DELHI: Team Anna expressed solidarity with the family of slain IPS officer Narender Kumar, allegedly killed by the mining mafia, and demanded that the Centre introduce a strong whistleblower law.The activists said that at least 15 people, who had tried to blow the lid on corruption scams, had been killed since 2010.\"Strong whistleblower protection law is needed, not the one presented by the UPA government. The government's law seeks to protect the corrupt and victimize the whistleblowers...No more of routine condolence statements from some ministers needed,\" Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal tweeted.\"Can't the government ensure that no more such people would be killed now?\" he asked.The IPS officer Narendra Kumar Singh was mowed down by a tractor-trolley, being driven by an alleged member of the mining mafia, when he tried to stop the vehicle carrying stones in MP's Morena district on Thursday.Singh, a 2009-batch officer, was posted in Banmore as Sub Divisional Police Officer (SDPO) a month ago and had taken on the mining mafia by seizing number of trucks and tractors engaged in illegal quarrying.Another Team Anna member Kiran Bedi also condemned the incident and said, \"Corrupt politician-politicized bureaucracy and weak police leadership creates life threatening crime situations for brave young IPS entrants.\"In a statement the activists added that the Jan Lokpal had adequate provision for protection of activists. ``The bill proposed by the government is inadequate and gives the powers to CAG which in a way is a statutory body and cannot act of its own. Government's law seeks to protect corrupt and victimize whistleblowers,'' they said.The activists also condemned statements made by the state police and MP home minister Uma Shankar Gupta, calling Kumar's killing as an 'accident.' ``The larger question of state government's inaction over the repeated reports about the active mafia in the region needs to be taken up. How long will we be subjected to state supported crimes? India need strong whistle-blower protection act to prevent deaths of martyrs like IPS Narendra Kumar,'' the activists said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "12213575", "title": "DC orders FIR against striking MGNREGA workers", "text": "RAMGARH: Deputy commissioner Amitabh Kaushal has ordered all six BDOs of the district to lodge FIRs against the striking MGNREGA workers who have violated directives issued by the administration.The workers were asked to submit documents related to job schemes to BDOs concerned so that the schemes in the district to be continued.Acting on the directive, FIRs have been registered against those rojgar sewaks who have violated the order, said Patratu BDO Sadanand Mahto.While in Patratu, FIRs have been lodged against two rojgar sewaks, FIRs have also been lodged by BDOs of Mandu, Chitarpur, Ramgarh, Dulmi Ramgarh and Gola.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "12204701", "title": "Motorcyclist killed at Loliem", "text": "CANACONA: A Karnataka state road transport corporation bus hit Gaonkar, who died on the spot, and later hit Nakari Vorok, 58, injuring her seriously.Canacona police said that Vorok was shifted to Hospicio, Margao, in a critical condition. People pelted stones at the bus, smashing its front and rear windshields. Agitated locals staged a road blockade and only called it off following an assurance from police of strict action on the matter. Police said that an offence has been registered against the bus driver and he would soon be arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204373", "title": "1.5kg gold stolen from shop in Mangolpuri", "text": "New Delhi: A major burglary was reported at a jeweller's shop on Holi, with valuables worth several lakhs missing.Police are investigating how the accused broke into the shop and decamped with 3kg of silver and 1.5kg of gold.The incident took place in Mangolpuri.The owner noticed the theft on Friday morning when he opened the shop after 48 hours.A case has been registered and investigation is on. A crime team went to gather evidence from the spot after the theft was reported.\"We are questioning the workers and are confident of making a breakthrough. A list of burglars who used to be been active in the area or have come out recently from jail has been drawn up. We hope to question a few of them and gather leads,'' said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12206354", "title": "Shehla murder: Four accused, MLA to undergo lie-detector test", "text": "BHOPAL: In an important development, a team of central forensic science laboratory (CFSL) from Delhi is likely to reach here on Saturday to carry out polygraph-- lie detector-- test on the four accused and a BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh, whose role in the sensational RTI activist Shehla Masood murder case is being probed.\"Our team is coming down to the state capital on Saturday and is likely to carry out the polygraph test on the prime accused Zaheeda Pervez, her close friend Saba Faruqui, her local help Saqib Ali also known as Danger and sharp-shooter of Kanpur, Irfan, \" a top Central Bureau of Investigation official said.He said the exercise is likely to be completed in two days, he said. BJP MLA is also expected to undergo lie-detector test, CBI sources saidMeanwhile, the CBI continued to grill all four accused in a room. Investigators confronted the accused in the country's premier agency custody with a volley of questions pertaining to the killing.They reportedly spilled some vital information in connection with the killing, sources said.\"We won't disclose any information regarding the grilling, \"officials said adding that it would affect investigations underway.About reports that a name of a member of parliament too has figured during quizzing, an official categorically denied it.According to investigations underway, Zaheeda with the help of Danger hired Irfan and Shanu Alunga - both from Kanpur to eliminate Shehla, who was shot dead downstairs in the driver's seat of her car minutes after she left her place at the City's Koh-e-Fiza area on August 16 last year.Shanu had been shoot dead in a gangwar (unrelated to Shehla murder) last year at Kanpur in Uttar Pradesh (UP).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12205057", "title": "Constable hacked to death", "text": "A member of the liquor mafia axed a constable, 33, to death and critically injured an assistant sub-inspector in an attack in MP's Khargone district on Wednesday.Police said ASI R B Goyal and Constable Raghunath Singh had gone to Bakla village for a routine investigation when they learnt about the presence of the mafia in the nearby forest area.When they went to check the area, the mafia attacked the cops with axes killing the constable and seriously injuring the ASI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12213028", "title": "Prison van attacked in Haryana, three killed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Three gangsters were killed and their two associates along with two policemen were injured on Saturday in an attack on a prisoners van near a village in Jhajjar,70 kilometres from New Delhi.Shri Bhagwan and his brother Dilbagh of Karor village of Rohtak, Anil alias Fauji Chirhi village of Jhajjar died on the spot. While their associate gang members Nasir of Gwarka village, Faridabad; Ranbir alias of Fauji of Ladaut village in Rohtak suffered bullet injuries.The two injured gangsters along with two police constables Vinod and Vivek were rushed to civil hospital at Rohtak.Meanwhile, senior officials of the police department including Alok Mittal, IG Rohtak range, Patram Singh, SP Jhajjar and a team of forensic experts and crime experts rushed to the spot soon after the incident.Suspecting the incident to be an outcome of gang rivalry, police have launched a massive manhunt to nab the assailants involved in the attack.According to reports, five members of the gang headed by Shri Bhagwan were arrested from Rohtak district in a double murder case four months ago. All the five were lodged in Gurgaon jail. It was on Saturday when all the five criminals who were escorted by 12 armed policemen were brought to Rohtak for a case hearing.The incident took place when all the five were being taken back to Gurgaon jail after the trial.\"As their vehicle reached near a village in Dulina police post, it was intercepted by the assailants who were around 8 to 10 in number. Initially, a trailer lorry intercepted the prisoners van. As it slowed down, another vehicle intercepted the van again and forced the driver to stop. As the van stopped, more assailants who had come in another vehicle started firing on undertrials,'' a senior police official said.Though the identity of the gang involved in attack could not be ascertained, the police official said that a case under various sections of IPC and Arms Act has been registered at Jhajjar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "12205121", "title": "Dholpur\u2019s mafia have shifted to Morena\u2019", "text": "ALWAR: Rajasthan has its share in the rampant illegal mining in MP's Morena where an IPS officer was brutally killed allegedly at the behest of mining mafia. In fact, the Dholpur district in Rajasthan had been in news several times in the past due to ties between mine mafia of Dholpur and Morena. The two places are situated just just 30 kilometres from each other.As the policemen of Dholpur did not observe Holi due to the mourning of the IPS officer, sources said that several mining mafia from Dholpur are active in Morena these days.The rulings by the Rajasthan High Court over illegal mining in Dholpur have forced the mafias to shift their base to Morena, a senior police officer told TOI.\"Over the past few months, illegal mining has almost been stopped in Dholpur, so criminals involved in mining in the area have started moving to Morena,\" SP, Dholpur Rahul Prakash said.Sources said that mining mafia at both the places have shared the trade for years. \"To smuggle the stones from illegal mining to UP, mining mafia in Morena used Dholpur as transit point. Besides, the mining mafia from both the places used to supply stones to each-other as per the need,\" said a police officer.The officer said that the mafia were protected by dacoits in the Chambal ravines. \"These dacoits used to charge protection fee from the mafia and threaten mining department officers in case some action was initiated,\" the officer. He added that mining mafia from Dholpur who are taking shelter in Madhya Pradesh are getting political patronage there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12206369", "title": "Mob clash in Ashoka Garden, shops vehicles damaged", "text": "BHOPAL: Tension gripped the Ashoka Garden locality on Thursday evening as two groups clashed following an altercation. The mob went on a rampage damaging a dozen vehicles and shops. Police resorted to cane charge to disperse the unruly mob.The incident started over an argument between two persons following which several residents assembled. Rumours about alleged \"action and inaction\" by the police made the crowd restless and they went on a rampage at the Nema Market.The police force present at the spot cane charged the angry mob to bring the situation under control. A case under sections of rioting was registered against 200 persons, including some local leaders.Police said that the two persons who work in a shop at the market, were allegedly in an inebriated condition. They had an altercation over some trivial issue after which the police took the duo to police station. The employer, of one of the accused also reached the police station on getting the information of the incident and the two parties subsequently agreed for a compromise.However, some local leaders and about 200 others waiting outside the police station got rattled over rumours that the police were favouring the other party and they went beserk. The mob marched to spot from where police had picked the duo and started ransacking the shops and vehicles.Plolice said windshields of several four-wheelers parked on the roadside were broken and shops were damaged by the alleged rioters. The accused also broke open two shops and fled with goods, the police added.Later, on a complaint a case under sections of rioting was registered against Sageer, Akbar, Rehan, Nihal, Shera, Amir, Rusheed, Amzat, Rizvan, Abid, Altaf, Gufran, Irfan, Shoaib and over 200 others.No one was injured in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12208029", "title": "My son is lucky for me, says Rupam", "text": "It's 11.30am. The morning rush has passed and the roads in this Dhakuria para are quiet.Inside his home, dawn has just broken for Rup Aarohan Prometheus. We try to get him to pose for a photo-op, but the child looks around bleary-eyed, far from interested. As the toddler potters around the room, his rockstar father, Rupam, watches him affectionately.There's lots on his plate - a Fossils album to work on, film scores to compose, gigs to attend. But the mornings are reserved for 15-month-old Rup. Father and son play with Ragha, Bagha, Bhabesh Bholluk and Sada Hargunda, the soft toys Rupam has named lovingly for his son.Being a musician's son, Rup also has two small guitars and a drumkit. \"He reacts to music by head-banging. This he has learnt on his own,\" says Rupam, strumming his guitar and singing \"Palao, palao, palao\". Sitting next to him, Rup picks up the plectrum and tries strumming his own guitar. Rupam takes a look and says gently, \"Dhorechho bhul korey.\" As the child hands his guitar to his father and insists that he plays it, he topples over on the mattress. \"Ki holo keshto Babu porey gele?\" the doting father says, smiling.Diapers and health foodA tod with a name triple his size! \"Rup is common to both my name and my wife Rupsha's. Prometheus is my favourite character, who stood up against God, and Aarohan has a musical reference to it,\" reasons Rupam, himself an atheist. Rup was born on September 12, 2010. Three days later, Rupam won the National Award for Best Male Playback. But that's just a coincidence. \"Everyone thought he was lucky for me, I didn't see any harm in people thinking that way,\" says Rupam.So, has daddy dear learnt to change diapers? \"No, I've never done that. Rupsha does it so willingly that it's a large weight off my shoulder,\" he says. It's at the breakfast table where Rupam first meets Rup. \"Rup loves being spoken to,\" his father explains, adding that he allows Rup to choose from the platter laid out for him. From chicken nuggets to ice creams, Rup takes his pick with his li'l fingers. The more his mother tries feeding him health food - chhana, juice et al - Rupam gets him chocolates and other stuff that he likes munching on.\"I want to be his teacher. I want him to have a basic understanding of every subject he reads, and not just depend on textbooks,\" he says.Rupam is clear that fatherhood has had no impact on his music which remains edgy, his lines poignant. Rupam has also started composing chharar gaan. Many an Annadashankar Roy rhyme he has put to tune come handy in putting Rup to bed. \"I want to cut an album for kids. I am working on a project with underprivileged children, who have been trained in music for two years. An album doesn't look too far off.\"So should the little guitarist grow up to be like his father? Rupam says he is yet to know if Rup can sing in tune. \"There should be no pressure on him to become a musician,\" he says, as he makes Ding Jeng - that's Rup's nickname - sit on his lap as he leafs through a 3D storybook. \"Duck is his favourite word. After that it's baba,\" he says.Little zone of comfortDoes Rupam get enough time with his son? \"Shuor dekhechho shuor, bachcha shuor. Horse-er mathaye kirokom chul dekhechho?\" Rupam, who is busy pointing out animals in the book, lifts his head and says, \"These days, I don't stay away from home for long. We have been to Bangkok and other places. When Rup was just a month old, he accompanied me to Delhi for the National Awards.\" On certain occasions, Rup is taken along. \"I still remember the way he screamed at a group of girls who were crowding me in Santiniketan. He has to be top priority!\"So what does the duo do once Rupam is back home? \"One needs to play him his favourite DVD - Baby Einstein. He loves being sung to. I have to play with all his toys. He thinks I am his age. I never snub him for anything,\" he says.Photo shoot over, Rupam gets ready to leave for his recording studio, guitar in hand. A lot has been lined up for the day, and he is running late. But little Ding Jeng is in no mood to let go of his playmate. \"Baba,\" he calls out and Rupam turns back. There's a world of possibilities outside for the rockstar and here's his little zone of comfort. There's no choosing one over the other, but we know where those strings are attached. In two tiny hands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12205217", "title": "My job: Am loving it!", "text": "JAIPUR: New age careers are in vogue and the social networking sites have opened a plethora of choices for today's kids.Twentynine-year-old Piyush Sharma, a graduate in hospitality management, who hopped from one five-star hotel to another for three years, didn't regret opening his own venture a year back. He started a web portal 'Nomad Traveler' to provide all travel solutions to tourists visiting Rajasthan.Social networking sites like LinkedIn, Twitter and Facebook are playing a vital role in marketing and branding his products. \"There are 1,000 websites in the market offering same services. What gives us an upper edge over others is wide networking on cyber space via social networking sites,\" said Sharma.He posts punch lines on products (travel plans) aiming to draw the attention of maximum number of users. Within a span of a year, he has set-up an office in Delhi and his clientele is global - from educational institutes to corporate world.The days are gone when an off-beat professional career was viewed with suspicion. The youngsters of the city are gradually getting hooked on to jobs that demand high creativity and offer substantial pay packets. Keeping in mind the users profile on these sites, these young entrepreneurs are shaping products and schemes.Bhupesh Agarwal, MBA in finance, was an account manager with a private bank till last year. But his affair with accounts lasted only six months, as he found it difficult to fulfil his creative endeavour due to the asking rate in the job. Thereafter, he began searching for a job, where he could capitalize his sound knowledge of music before landing up at a city-based FM station. He bagged a perfect deal and was offered the manager's post!\"Networking sites help us to gauge the popularity of our programmes and we also seek advice from users on introducing new programmes. It is like direct interaction with listeners. Here they don't hesitate and give us genuine feedback in improving our programmes,\" added Sharma, whose channel has made it compulsory for every RJ to have account on all networking sites.Experts says that if you are utilizing networking sites which is a live medium, it requires one to be highly creative, put up new ideas and ways at regular intervals to connect with the masses. In these new-age scenario, one's ability to survive doesn't depend on his or her academic background and age.Fourth semester IITians - Shashank Garg of Benaras Hindu University and Shivang Agarwal of IIT-Roorkee -are working tirelessly on creating 'NewsOpedia,' a search engine which displays news of all newspapers.Both residents of Jaipur are compiling last ten years' database of all English newspapers in first phase. \"This project will take about two years to complete. Our site will trace a complete coverage of any event occurred over 50 years back. The information will be based on newspapers,\" said Garg.Both are aware that pursuing engineering degree in mechanical (Garg) and electrical (Agarwal) will not help them much in creating this search engine. They, however, feel that holistic environment at IITs is designed in such a way that it shapes the students' orientation towards the interdisciplinary approach.SS Nathwat, head of department at Behavioural Science at Amity University, explained the phenomena. \"The are many examples and hordes of youngsters are preferring to shift gears. This shift will continue for a long time as it is adventurous and involves continuous learning.\" The jobs offer higher salaries and hence attracts more. And it's different from the usual 9 to 5 pm shifts. In short, it's time to shift the shift!!!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12204787", "title": "I will present budget on Mar 26: CM", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has said that the first budget assembly session will begin on March 21.\"Oath for MLAs and election of speaker will be held on March 21, the governor will address the assembly on March 22 and the presentation of the full budget will be on March 26. However, we will go for the vote on account and the full budget will be passed in next assembly session,\" Parrikar said. He also announced that Mahadev Naik is a pro tem speaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12205601", "title": "2 more cases filed against lottery king", "text": "COIMBATORE: Controversial lottery king Santiago Martin, presently cooling his heels inside Coimbatore Central Prison under Goondas Act, is in a fresh round of trouble with Karumathampatti police registering a case on Wednesday against him and four others for threatening a farmer of Elachipalayam. Furthermore, another criminal case was slapped on Martin on Thursday night for allegedly threatening prison officials who attempted to frisk his cell.According to police, P Chenniyappan (71), a farmer of Elachipalayam, was in possession of 5.40 acres of agricultural land. On Wednesday, when Chenniyappan was working in the agricultural land, four persons allegedly waylaid Chenniyappan. They threatened to kill him if he refused to hand over his land to Martin, whom they said would be released from Coimbatore central prison within a week.However, the farmer managed to escape from the gang and reached Karumathampatti town. The gang chased him but left the scene when relatives of Chenniyappan emerged on the scene on his request through mobile phone. The farmer lodged a complaint with Karumathampatti police against Martin and four others, who are absconding. The police have registered a case against Martin and the four others under sections 120 (b) (criminal conspiracy), 294(b) (sings, recites or utters any obscene song, ballad or words, in or near any public place), 341 (punishment for wrongful restraint) and 506(ii) (criminal intimidation) of Indian Penal Code.In his complaint, the farmer said that a civil dispute case was going on between him and his neighbour Ramathaal in Madras high court over the ownership of the land. In spite of the matter pending in court, Martin and some others attempted to sell off the land last year by forging documents. They also attempted in vain to register the land in Martin's name. However, their attempt failed because Martin was arrested by Coimbatore rural police for trying to grab a textile mill.Martin is now lodged in cell number 11 at first block in Coimbatore central prison under Goondas Act. \"The four member gang is absconding. We will nab them soon,\" said inspector M Somasundaram of Karumathampatti police station.Meanwhile, the city police have registered a case against Martin on Thursday night for threatening jail officials. Coimbatore central prison officials had attempted to conduct a raid in his cell on Thursday evening. However, when jailor K Shankar and his team entered Martin's cell, he refused to allow them to do a search and threatened to attack them. The jailor lodged a complaint with Race course police station.The police have registered a case against Martin under section 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of his duty) and 506(ii) (criminal intimidation) of Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12209059", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav: SP govt to focus on maintaining law and order", "text": "LUCKNOW: Law and order will be the priority of the new SP government in Uttar Pradesh, chief minister- designate Akhilesh Yadav on Friday said, maintaining that no discrimination will be made on the basis of caste and creed.Soon after his name was finalised by party legislators and MPs for the post of Uttar Pradesh chief minister, Akhilesh Yadav said honest officers will be appointed in districts and action would be taken against those who show laxity in their job.38-year-old Akhilesh Yadav stressed that no one involved in illegal activities would be spared.The SP legislative party leader, who would be taking oath as chief minister on March 15, said all the promises made in the party manifesto would be fulfilled by the SP government.About memorials and parks constructed in the BSP regime, Akhilesh said that vacant places in memorials might be utilised for opening up of medical or educational institutions.About the role of party supremo and his father Mulayam Singh Yadav, Akhilesh said that he would remain active in national as well as state politics and with his blessing the state government would run.To a question related to his ministry, Akhilesh said, \"We will let you know whatever decision is taken. Give me some time\".Akhilesh later met Governor BL Joshi with party leaders Mohammad Azam Khan and Shivpal Singh Yadav and informed him about the decision of the party and the date for oath taking ceremony.The party has already staked claim for forming the government in the state on March 7 when SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav met the governor with Akhilesh.The election of Akhilesh Yadav, who holds a masters in environmental engineering from Australia, was followed by a thunderous clapping of the assembled gathering of newly-elected MLAs and MPs of the party.As soon as his name was approved, Akhilesh touched the feet of his 73-year-old father Mulayam Singh Yadav to take his blessings.That Akhilesh, who toured Uttar Pradesh on his 'kranti rath yatra' on the plank of development, could be in the race for chiefministership was evident when the party got an absolute majority in the 403-member Assembly by winning 224 seats, notwithstanding the reservations of some seniors.Akhilesh was also instrumental in the party shedding its image of being opposed to computers and English with promise of free laptops for students.However, in the last two days Mulayam Singh reportedly worked on the seniors and persuaded them about handing over the mantle of chiefministership to his son, who now represents Kannauj in the Lok Sabha.In his speech, Azam Khan, considered the Muslim face of SP, said Akhilesh was being given a big responsibility and hoped he would discharge it successfully. He rejected Mayawati's claim that Muslims shifted to SP because of the fear of BJP and said the Muslims were always with the SP from the days of Babri Masjid demolition.\"The party got more votes than it got after Babri mosque demolition\", Khan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12204007", "title": "Government warning, HC notice end school bus owner\u2019s strike", "text": "MUMBAI: The School Bus Owners' Association (SBOA) called off their indefinite strike on Friday evening following a warning by the chief minister's office and a notice by the Bombay High Court. \"Our strike was complete and peaceful across Maharashtra. But considering the hardship parents and students faced on Friday, we have decided to take this matter to court now and fight with the government for our rights,\" said SBOA president Anil Garg.On Friday evening, the chief minister's office warned the SBOA to call off the strike or face action.It told the association that the government would sympathize with only those demands that would not jeopardize children's safety. Earlier in the day, the high court issued notices to the state government and the SBOA on a PIL by the Forum for Fairness in Education seeking a direction to call off the agitation. The forum's advocate, Aniket Nikam, argued that bus owners wanted the state to dilute safety norms, the strike being their way to convey non-acceptance of conditions. \"Time and again they have threatened to go on strike. This time they have done it a beautiful way right in the midst of boards exams,\" he said. \"They have hamstrung lakhs of students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12209971", "title": "Raghab Chatterjee &amp; Purbayan Chatterjee at Shaan-e-Shaam", "text": "When the world's at one stage, we get a rare sight of a heady musical ensemble as one like \"Shaan-e Shaam\" . The concert took place recently at Nicco Park Plaza. Renowned singer Raghab Chatterjee, the Sitar ace Purbayan Chatterjee were present at the event, Shaan-e-Shaam. The musical gig also featured celebrity guest of the night, Shaan .Shaan, who has wooed the common mass till date by lending voice to almost all of Bollywood's leading men, would be performing his own set of songs along with few songs as a tribute to the legendary Dev Anand and Shammi Kapoor. He improvised some songs with the sitar maestro Purbayan Chatterjee.Noted for amalgamating traditional Indian classical music with contemporary world music, Purbayan's music combines the tone and richness of the Nikhil Banerjee style and a contemporary touch of his own urbane sensitivity which makes him an astounding vocalist in his own right. \"Shaan performed three of my compositions alongside his own set of songs. It's the aesthetical connect between us that might have brought us together\", said Purbayan Chatterjee who has several overseas events on the anvil.Starting his musical voyage as a guitarist at the age of 9, Raghab has come a long way to establish his pan-India presence as one of the prolific singers. \"It's a very thrilling endeavor undertaken brewing classical and light music on the same platform. Shaan has always been a very amiable artist and we share a great rapport with each other. This time also we would try to charm everybody with some soulful soothing musical scores\"\", utters an excited Raghab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12208423", "title": "Kollywood honoured", "text": "Majority of the Tamil film industry was in Dubai on March 1, to take part in a prestigious award function there.Director Gaurav, who won the award for the best debut director, tells CT, \"Dubai has a considerable chunk of Tamil population and their association has been honouring Tamil films and artists for years now. This year, Thoonga Nagaram won the award for best film. This award was earlier bestowed upon Angadi Theru and Nadodigal. The awards function was held on March 2, and the previous evening, my film was screened to a cheering crowd.\"Amala Paul was adjudged the best actress and director Vikraman was given the lifetime achievement award.Meanwhile, Gaurav is all set to start work on his next, Sigaram Thodu.\"Richard and Yuvan Shankar Raja will be handling the cinematography and music respectively. The film, which is based on the relationship between a father and son, will star three big heroes , one from Tollywood and two from Kollywood, and will most likely be made as a bilingual.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12205140", "title": "Panel to monitor overloaded vehicles on highways", "text": "NEW DELHI: To deal with the menace of overloading, the Centre has asked NHAI to install \"weigh-in-motion\" equipment either one-two km before or after a few important toll plazas on National Highways (NH) on a pilot basis. The government issued the order almost a year after highways minister C P Joshi had asked NHAI to ensure that no overloaded vehicle enters the NH and to put in place a mechanism to prevent its entry from state or district roads to highways.The authority has proposed to set up a technical panel to prepare a roadmap for this. NHAI officials said that the committee would review the provisions of Model Concession Agreement, User Fee Rules-2008 and weight enforcement stations at a convenient location. They added that since fixing overloading is a complex issue, necessary provisions have to be incorporated in the rules that govern the highway traffic and toll charge.\"Just installing weighing machine would not help. We have no clue of what to do once we catch an overloaded vehicle. If we offload where will we keep them and who will be responsible for those offloaded items? Can we levy heavy penalty for violating this norm? How can we collect this penalty? There are a host of issues which have to be addressed before we start the crackdown. The committee could sort out these issues,\" said a top NHAI official.Overloading not only damages the road infrastructure that increases expenses on the exchequer to maintain them and is also one of the major causes of road accidents. As per Section-114 of Motor Vehicles Act, in case a vehicle is found to be overloaded, the excess load needs to be off-loaded at the cost of the driver/ owner of the vehicle in addition to penalty and compounding fee before allowing the vehicle to proceed further.Even the Supreme Court has upheld this apart from levying fine/compounding fee, before allowing overloaded vehicle to proceed further. The highways ministry had earlier written to the state governments to follow Bihar's model where overloaded vehicles were booked for causing loss to public property. \"But the NHAI should lead the campaign from the front. Why can't it enforce the exiting provisions of Motor Vehicle Act,\" said S P Singh of IRTFT, an advocacy group that has been pushing for policy changes against overloading.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12207519", "title": "Railway Budget likely to cater to Trinamool aspirations in north-east", "text": "NEW DELHI: The seven north-eastern states, which hold the key for Trinamool Congress to emerge as a national party, could be bestowed with a slew of new rail projects in the upcoming Rail Budget. The Railway portfolio, which falls in its kitty, will be utilised by the party to make inroads in these states, where it has already made some gains by opening its account in the Arunachal Pradesh assembly and is eyeing the forthcoming Tripura polls.TMC leader Dinesh Trivedi had visited Nagaland , his first state visit, after becoming railway minister.Trivedi is expected to make a special mention of the need for improving connectivity in north-east with the announcement a few trains and new rail line in the region as \"socially and economically desirable.\"Presenting the Rail Budget last year, the then railway minister Mamata Banerjee had announced measures to connect the seven capitals of N-E region to the rail network, on which Trivedi is expected to propose steps to expedite the mission.TMC, the regional party aiming to have the status of a national party, got a boost after winning seven seats in Manipur assembly in the recently-held elections. Earlier, TMC had won five seats from Arunachal Pradesh.Much attention is also likely to be placed on the states in the other parts of the country where railway minister had visited to gauge the aspirations of the people.Buoyed with the success in two north-east states, Trinamool is all set to contest in Tripura assembly elections next year.\"Tripura assembly election is crucial for TMC as winning from here will enable the West Bengal-based party to attain the national party status,\" sources in TMC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12206410", "title": "Status report on Khandwa-Dhar railway line sought", "text": "INDORE: The Planning Commission of India has sought a status report from the railways on the Khandwa-Dhar and Khargone-Barwani Reconnaissance Engineering cum Traffic Survey for a new broad gauge line.The TOI had published a report last month highlighting the opinion of the people from the region who alleged that the survey report produced earlier was not in sync with reality.The fresh move by the Planning Commission has given a new ray of hope to the people of the tribal- dominated region who are waiting for a proper rail network with broad gauge line.The commission in a letter has asked the chairman, Railway Board, to update it with the authentic facts and situation.O P Khandelwal, professor at a local college and a social worker, who had been fighting for the railway line for past two decades, said, \"We hope that railways will now fix the loopholes and a new broad gauge line from Khandawa-Dhar via Khargone-Barwani will be included in the upcoming railway budget scheduled to be presented on March 14.\"Khandelwal informed that there is no railway line within a 120 km radius of Barwani. Moreover, most of the roads, which connect remote rural areas, are not fit for heavy vehicles. The area is a major production centre of cash crops such as cotton, banana, sugarcane and other horticulture products.The broad gauge railway line will help improve the socio-economic condition of tribals in the region, he added.The report had also mentioned that Khandwa, Dhar, Barwani and Khargone are neither economically nor industrially backward. However, department of tribal development has included Barwani, Dhar, Khargone and Khandwa on the list of tribal districts of Madhya Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12205227", "title": "Congress slams BJP for IPS officer\u2019s murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress lashed out at the BJP government in Madhya Pradesh for the killing of young IPS officer near Gwalior, accusing it of \"patronizing\" illegal mining mafia in the state.Condemning the murder of the officer, the party asked the state government to act tough against illegal mining syndicate and demanded a thorough probe into the matter to get justice for the victim's family.\"What is most tragic is that the MP government seems to be on the side of those who have been perpetrators of illegal mining. Without state patronage, the criminal elements would not have mustered up the gumption to murder an IPS officer,\" AICC spokesperson Manish Tewari said.After Karnataka, illegal mining scams is set to haunt BJP in MP as Congress that is out of power in the state for around eight year wants to corner the Shivraj Singh Chauhan-led BJP government in the state.Tewari said the statement of the victim's father shows that the deceased had an inkling of the danger to his life and the kind of elements he was acting against.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12205114", "title": "Rs 100-cr boost for ancient Tibetan medicinal system", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sowa Rigpa, the ancient Tibetan medicinal system believed to have been taught by Lord Buddha himself, is all set to get a major boost.The Planning Commission's working group on AYUSH (department of ayurveda, yoga and naturopathy, unani, siddha and homoeopathy) for the 12th five-year plan has proposed setting up of a Rs 100-crore National Institute of Sowa-Rigpa.The institute will offer both under graduate and post-graduate courses, and clinical services through a well-equipped hospital.The group has also suggested establishing a Central Council for Research in Sowa-Rigpa. Union health ministry officials said unlike other Indian systems of medicine and homeopathy, the Sowa-Rigpa has not been explored scientifically and standards of drugs, therapies and procedures are lacking.\"It is, therefore, proposed to develop an organizational set up mandated with scientific validation and standardization of Sowa-Rigpa to facilitate research in literary, drug, clinical areas and medicinal plants,\" the Commission's note said.Sowa-Rigpa, commonly known as 'amchi', is one of the oldest surviving systems of medicine in the world, and is popular in the Himalayan region. It is practiced in Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh, Darjeeling, Lahaul and Spiti (Himachal Pradesh) and Ladakh.The theory and practices of Sowa-Rigpa are similar to ayurveda, and also includes principles of traditional Chinese medicine. The Rajya Sabha had passed a Bill in 2010 to include Sowa-Rigpa under the Indian systems of medicine.The Commission's report said, \"Sowa-Rigpa is in the hands of some institutes run by the Tibetan bodies in trans-Himalayan region. Some sort of financial support is provided to these institutions from the government. However, the infrastructural facilities there are not sufficient to meet the aspirations of the students who choose to study Sowa-Rigpa for a professional career. As Sowa-Rigpa has been accorded state patronage, a dedicated institute of the system is required that may lead to develop benchmark standards of education, patients' care and post-graduate research and impart professional training to produce skilled manpower.\"The committee has also asked for a Rs 50-crore allocation towards setting up of the Council.\"Presently, an institute for research in Sowa-Rigpa with a limited mandate is functioning at Leh under the aegis of Central Council for Research in ayurveda and siddha. It has not developed linkages and collaboration with other scientific institutions because of its geographical location and the activities there are not very contributory for the scientific development of the system,\" the report said.Sowa-Rigpa is popular in the Tibet Autonomous Region, Mongolia, Bhutan, some parts of China, Nepal and a few parts of erstwhile Soviet Union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12213158", "title": "'Assam varsity turning into Maoist den'", "text": "SILCHAR: All Cachar Karimganj Hailakandi Students' Association (ACKHSA) founder president Pradip Dutta Roy, in a memorandum to Assam governor Janaki Ballav Patnaik, alleged that the central varsity, situated at Dorgakona near Silchar, has virtually become a den of Maoists.In a memorandum submitted to the governor during his visit to Silchar early this week, Dutta Roy said \"foreign powers were trying hard to separate the Barak Valley from Assam by using Assam University's campus as a terrorist hideout and Maoist den.\"Dutta Roy informed the governor of \"how a number of Maoists-influenced teachers in Assam University were using their positions in the campus to brain-wash and possibly recruit future workers for the Maoists cause from among young students\". Dutta Roy, in the memorandum, said after the death of Kishenji, considerable number of Maoists cadres fled Maoist-occupied areas in West Bengal and hid themselves in around 20 tea estates in and around the Barak Valley. The ex-student leader and social worker also told the governor that the Ulfa militant group led by Paresh Barua, on being rooted out by the Bangladesh government, has secured hideouts in places surrounding the Barak Valley, especially in Myanmar , which is just across the border from Mizoram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12204265", "title": "Smoke in Metro tunnel disrupts services", "text": "KOLKATA: Metro Railway services were disrupted for nearly 10 minutes after a motorman of a Kavi Subhas-bound train spotted smoke in the tunnel between the Esplanade and Park Street stations around 12.15pm on Friday. Engineers, technical staff, fire brigade and security personnel entered the tunnel to inspect the situation but found no electrical malfunction.\"There is an air-duct near the middle of the tunnel between Esplanade and Park Street. The outlet opens somewhere near Lindsay Street. It seems that people on the surface had piled up some garbage and set it ablaze. The fresh-air fan attached to the duct sucked in the smoke. The smoke settled to the bottom of the tunnel and rose to the top when the train wheels moved across the spot. There was fall in visibility,\" an official said.While the Down train to Kavi Subhas (the motorman of which had reported the smoke) was allowed to leave Park Street, the next Up train that reached the station at 12.24pm was detained till 12.34m. Truncated services were run up to Girish Park in the north and Maidan in the south.According to officials, this is the second occasion in the last few months when smoke has been detected in the tunnels. In both cases, the smoke got drawn in from outside by fresh-air fans fitted to air-ducts. The two incidents highlight the need for smoke detectors to be fitted inside tunnels. The officials admit that even if there is a fire inside the tunnels, there is no way for station staff to detect it till a motorman reports the matter.\"Both cases in the last few months were false alarms but they should work as eye-openers. The tunnel length between Esplanade and Park Street is quite small but there are longer tunnels in the network. If a fire starts midway in any of these longer tunnels, station staff will not get whiff of the matter and a train will drive straight into the fire. This may pose a threat to the safety of commuters,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12203335", "title": "Veermata Jijabai Technological Institute gets Rs 50crore grant from government", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Friday announced a grant of Rs 50 crore to Veermata Jijabai Technological Institute ( VJTI) during its convocation. The premier institute, which completed their 125th year, will soon have an additional complex for classroom and library.The institute had drawn a vision plan that was proposed to the state government early this year. They sought a funding of nearly Rs 140 crore, of which the state granted Rs 50 crore. MC Deo, director of the institute, said, \"We plan to set up the classroom-cum-library complex with this funding, which would be a ground-plus-seven storey building. Also, a 15-storey hostel for PG students with a capacity of 400 students is on the anvil. \"Chavan said, \"The state will support the institute's endeavours in setting up world-class infrastructure.\"\"We wish to transform into a post-graduate and research institute soon. We will offer upcoming courses in infrastructure engineering and management,\" said chairman of board of governors, Nusli Wadia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12213343", "title": "Manas wild elephant herd accepts jumbo calf brought up by humans", "text": "GUWAHATI: A five-year old female elephant, rescued and brought up under human care, was found mingling with a wild herd at Manas national park. The elephant, rescued from Golaghat district when she was a calf, and raised at the Bokakhat-based Centre for Wildlife Rehabilitation and Conservation (CWRC), a joint project of Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) and International Fund for Animal Welfare (IFAW), was released in Manas last year as part of an WTI-IFAW and state forest department project on rehabilitating rescued jumbos in the park.Bhaskar Choudhury, WTI veterinarian, said: \"On February 21, we saw the female elephant mingling with a wild herd at Chandmari area under Bhuyanpara forest range in Manas. We recognized the elephant from the radio collar we had installed on its neck while releasing her in the wild last year. It is a great achievement for us as wild elephants usually reject those raised under human care.\"Choudhury added that the presence of the female elephant in the wild herd was documented with a high-resolution camera. \"It was a herd of 30-odd elephants scattered in different groups and we even managed to capture the phenomenon on video footage,\" Choudhury said. \"These herds have a well-established social structure and they do not accept outsiders. We are pleased that the female was accepted by the herd,\" he added.Since 2007, nine rescued elephants have been released in the wild in Manas under the WTI-IFAW and state forest department project. Of these, five were released last year. All these elephants were raised at CWRC after they were rescued from different areas in the state. Choudhury said that so far three of the rehabilitated elephants have integrated with the wild herd so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12204913", "title": "Underpass to lessen chaos in Sector 17", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a bid to make Sector 17 a vehicle-free zone, the heart of the city will have an underpass near Neelam Cinema as part of the plan. The architect wing of the UT administration in its proposed plan has finalized a subway which will come up near Neelam Theatre and connect it with the area near Football stadium.As per the proposed plan to make the entire sector pedestrian friendly, one bridge is already existing and other one has been planned on the road stretch connecting KC theatre with Taj Chandigarh and road leading directly from circus ground to MC was the only road, which need either a subway or an overbridge where people could cross that road.\"The proposed underpass in Sector 17 will be constructed in such a manner that pedestrians can easily cross the road and go to the other. The planning of the project is yet to be done by the authorities,\" said an official, declining to be named.However, it doesn't look feasible for the MC to immediately locate alternative space for parking and close all lots situated inside Sector 17 to make it vehicle-free zone. Sources in MC revealed that as Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday directed the Chandigarh administration to declare a portion of Sector 17 completely vehicle free from April 1, we need time to look for space, therefore we will soon appraise the UT about this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12204201", "title": "Heritage zone turns blue", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government's obsession to paint everything blue and white is threatening to destroy Dalhousie Square, a heritage precinct rich in built heritage that encapsulates over 300 years of history.The first casualty has been a stretch of the Square that is considered the creme de la creme of Kolkata's heritage. The edifices of Calcutta Collectorate, General Post Office, Royal Insurance Building and McLeod House along Netaji Subhas Road, earlier known as Quila Road after Fort William , has remained unaltered for over two centuries.Not any longer. Earlier this week, an army of workers descended on the street and painted the Victorian-style lamp posts, railings and bollards on Netaji Subhas Road in a shocking blue and white. In the black coat, the cast iron structures blended perfectly with the architecture of the heritage square. Post the paint-job, the very street furniture looks cheap and completely out of sync with the environs.Next in line is painting the heritage buildings with the same colour scheme. That, heritage experts and historians say, will be a complete disaster. At Baghbazar in north Kolkata, the house of Girish Ghosh-the father of modern Bengali theatre-has been painted blue and white.\"This is exactly what we were dreading when an army of workers descended on the streets, painting entire stretches of the city blue. I fervently appeal to the chief minister to reconsider the decision and preserve the sanctity of the heritage square,\" said activist Bonani Kakkar.Though she has written to Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) commissioner Arnab Roy on the issue, the latter has expressed helplessness since the decision had been taken at the highest level in the government.According to sources, the decision to paint the city-including heritage zones like Dalhousie Square-blue and white was taken at a meeting at the Writers' Buildings, five months ago. \"State urban development minister and secretary, municipal affairs secretary, top officials of tourism department, KMC mayor and commissioner and heritage experts were present at the meeting. No one objected to the policy then,\" he said.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee confirmed it was a government policy and insisted it looked just fine in Dalhousie Square too. \"So what if it is a heritage zone? Dalhousie Square is part of the city. If we have taken a policy decision on the city's colour scheme, the entire city has to conform to it,\" he said.Conservation architects and experts are furious. GM Kapur, convenor of the Kolkata chapter of Indian National Trust for Art &amp; Cultural Heritage, said he was appalled at the insensitivity of politicians and bureacrats on heritage and culture. \"Given the heritage nature of the precinct, this is sacrilege. The government may have adopted a colour scheme to paint the town but it should not be arbitrarily applicable to a heritage zone. The idea behind heritage conservation is to keep them as close to the original as possible,\" he reasoned.Expressing shock and horror at the heritage zone being defiled, conservation architect Manish Chakraborti said the new paint used on railings, lamp posts and bollards in Dalhousie Square was too loud and in blatant violation of the principle and spirit of heritage conservation.\"A lot of thought had gone into crafting the furniture to suit the immediate environment. Accordingly, a dark shade was used so that they blend with the surroundings. The screaming blue and white paint is completely incongruous,\" he said.Incidentally, it was Kapur and Chakraborti who got the World Monuments Fund to enlist Dalhousie Square as an endangered heritage site in 2004. After a stakeholders' meet was organized in 2006 under the stewardship of then governor Gopalkrishna Gandhi, the government had committed to conservation and protection of the heritage square that is unique not just in the country but in the whole of South and South-East Asia. Thereafter, KMC declared it as a heritage precinct and took up the conservation in right earnest.\"What is frightening is the speed and scale of destruction of the Dalhousie Square. It took the city years to recognise the extraordinary heritage value and do something about it with specially designed street furniture and removal of hoardings. And now, we are destroying it with just a few whimsical swishes of a paint brush,\" activist Bonani Kakkar wrote to urban development minister Firhad Hakim.So shocking has been the transformation of Dalhousie Square that even the section of intelligentsia, considered close to the government, is unable to defend the policy. \"Heritage buildings and squares should be preserved. I am sure chief minister Mamata Banerjee did not order this. I think it is the over-zealousness of a section of politicians and bureacrats to please the CM that has led to this. The character of a heritage precinct must never be altered,\" said artist Suvaprasanna who chairs the state heritage committee.Artist Samir Aich, too felt development of Dalhousie Square could not be arbitrary. \"Instead of fostering a new colour scheme, we should look back at history so that we can restore the original look and feel of Dalhousie. It was never blue and white in the past. It should not be so in future. There are heritage experts and conservationists. The government can use their services,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12208122", "title": "Delhi woman loses Rs 14 lakh in online fraud", "text": "NEW DELHI: A south Delhi resident was duped of Rs 14 lakh when she fell for a fake lottery offer. Sonia (name-changed) had received an SMS on New Year's Eve, which said she had won 1 million.A series of emails and phone calls from Delhi, Mumbai and the UK followed. She readily gave all the details she was asked for. Then she was asked to pay Rs 32,000 as first installment as clearance fee. That was just the beginning. She realized she had been duped after depositing around Rs 14 lakh in different accounts across the country.Sonia had returned home last year after working in the UAE as a PR executive with a multinational company. She spent all her lifesavings, FDs and even her parents' money in this. And when she fell short of money, she took a bank loan to pay the fraudsters.But she realized she had been duped only after she approached the Reserve Bank of India. She sought help from the crime branch. The Economic Offences Wing of the crime branch has registered a case of fraud under Section 420 of the IPC.A senior cop said on condition of anonymity, \"People should understand that they cannot win a lottery of one million pounds sitting in Delhi or any other city for that matter. These mails and messages should be ignored or reported to us. No one should divulge any personal details to strangers who use the internet to cheat people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12212990", "title": "Young couple feared drowned", "text": "VARANASI: A young couple was feared drowned while bathing in the Ganga on the opposite bank of Diwan Ghat in Vindhyachal area of Mirzapur district on Saturday. Police had engaged divers to fish out the bodies.According to reports, Sitaram Madheysia (25), a native of Anand Nagar in Maharajganj in Mau district, and his pregnant wife Upahar (22) had reached Vindhyachal from Mau to offer prayers at Vindhyavasini Temple.Before performing the religious rituals at temple, the couple decided to take a holy dip in the Ganga and the duo reached the Diwan Ghat. However, instead of bathing at this ghat, they reached on the sand bed on the opposite bank where, while bathing, they slipped into the deep water. On seeing them drowning, the locals raised an alarm and many divers also jumped into the water. On receiving information, police also reached the incident site and engaged more divers. Despite continuous efforts, the bodies could not be fished out till late in the evening.Kids sustain bullet injuries: Simran (7) and her six-year-old brother Chhotu sustain bullet injuries when some miscreant opened fire with a sophisticated weapon during a group clash in Hukulganj area under Cantonment police station on Friday night.According to reports, Simran and Chhotu were playing outside their house. In the meantime, two groups of local youths, who had an old rivalry for dominance in the locality, indulged in fighting. A youth from a group opened fire with a sophisticated pistol. But as he was in an inebriated state, he missed his target and the bullets hit the kids. After this incident, both the groups fled the scene.The parents of injured kids rushed the duo to a private hospital in Maldahiya area where condition of Chhotu was stated to be critical. On receiving information, the police reached the incident site. Initially, the cops termed it a minor incident of group clash. But on Saturday morning, the police lodged a named FIR in this connection. No arrest has been reported in this connection so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12205249", "title": "More babus may be booked under NRHM scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI is likely to register a fresh case in connection with the `irregularities' in the purchase of mobile medical vans under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scheme in Uttar Pradesh, and may book some more bureaucrats.The agency had questioned former principal secretary of UP's family welfare department Pradeep Shukla on Tuesday in connection with the scam. Shukla has been named in at least three other cases related to the scam.Some former top officials of the family and welfare department have also come under the agency's scanner, sources said.CBI has found that over 100 medical vans and around 700 ambulances were purchased for Rs 75 crore under the Central scheme, but many are gathering dust due to lack of proper infrastructure. About 40 vans and over 500 ambulances are lying idle, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12205540", "title": "Capt Amarinder Singh not to hang up his boots yet", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab Congress chief Capt Amarinder Singh , who failed to get his party to power in the recently concluded Punjab elections, has changed his mind over hanging up his boots and said he is all set to take on the Akali-BJP again.\"I am a soldier at heart, so I will quit only on a victorious note,\" said Amarinder. He spoke exclusively to TOI at his Sector 10 residence here on Friday about his future plans, making it clear that he was ready for a new innings if the Congress high command wanted him to.\"All of us are disappointed with the results since they were on unexpected lines, but my spirit is high and undaunted,\" he said. \"Am I not looking battle ready?\" he asked. \"I have to stand by my Congress workers since there could be more vendetta coming their way now,\" he added.Answering to a question over his turning 75 by the next assembly elections, Amarinder said he might have considered hanging up his boots had the Congress won. But since that has not happened, the fighter in him was prodding him to bounce back and take up challenge, he claimed.\"Lok Sabha elections are just a couple of years away, and the foremost task would be to develop a strategy to win all the 13 seats in Punjab,\" he said. \"The Akalis had thought they were not coming to power and doled out funds without realizing its implications. The state is in a financial mess and I am worried. How are they going to handle the situation. I am not letting them loot the state and Congress will be a strong and responsible opposition,\" he added.Asked whether the party had analyzed the reasons for its poor performance, Amarinder said he would submit his report to AICC president Sonia Gandhi on Saturday. \"I am recommending measures to restructure Punjab Congress so that we do not commit the same mistakes which contributed to the loss (in the just-concluded assembly elections),\" he added.Asked how he proposed to counter the growing voices within the party, which were baying for his blood, Amarinder replied that he had already taken full responsibility for the loss and it was now up to Sonia to decide on those who could serve the interest of the party the best.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12207638", "title": "Mohanlal sticks to commitment", "text": "The reason why Mollywood's superstar continues to be one of the most sought after actor is because of the commitment he shows towards a project, in addition to talent of course.The actor, who has just completed shooting for B Unnikrishnan's Grand Master, has left the cast and crew impressed in more ways than one. \"Mohanlal's mother fell ill when he was shooting for the film. He would attend to her at the hospital and managed to ensure that the shoot went on uninterrupted too, as he shot during the nights,\" says a source. The film's director Unnikrishnan had also tweeted earlier, \"We are shooting the climax scenes for the film. I know these are difficult times for Lal sir. His mom is still in the hospital.\" Apparently the star would shoot till 3am each night, visit the hospital, and get right back to the sets. Currently in the post production phase, Mohanlal is currently dubbing for the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12204270", "title": "Aspirin may humble emperor of maladies", "text": "MUMBAI: An aspirin a day can more than keep heart attack away. If preliminary work done by some New York-based researchers - two of them of Indian origin - is an indicator, the humble aspirin may soon emerge as the best bet against 11 different cancers.This designer or hybrid aspirin uses two gas molecules - namely nitric oxide and hydrogen sulphide - to do the trick, said the researchers in two journals. They wrote in the \"ACS Medicinal Chemistry\" on Friday that their aspirin could control cancers of the colon, pancreas, lung, prostate, breast, and blood (leukaemia) in mice. Their paper in another journal, \"Biochemical and Biophysical Research Communication\", said that their aspirin shrank human colon cancer tumours by 85 % in live animals.Aspirin is among the world's most prescribed medicine, said Mumbai's senior cardiologist Dr A B Mehta.\"Aspirin is so important in cardiac care that patients who for some reason cannot tolerate aspirin are advised against undergoing angioplasty,'' he said. Aspirin's cancer link has often been discussed. Said Dr Urmilla Thatte, who heads KEM Hospital's pharmacology department, \"There have been several trials on aspirin's anti-cancer properties. It's not a new premise, but there have never been confirmed benefits.\"In 2010, Oxford University scientists reviewed studies and deduced that patients who took 75 mg of aspirin a day had 20% lower chances of being diagnosed and dying of cancer than those who didn't. But the jury is still out on cancer-aspirin link, said Thatte. Indeed, the team from City University of New York Medical School too has acknowledged that it remains to be seen if their animal results can be translated into humans.Professor Khosrow Kashfi, whose research was done along with India-born researchers Dr Ravinder Kodela and Dr Mitali Chattopadhyay, however, said that if it worked the new aspirin could be used in conjunction with other drugs to shrink tumors before chemotherapy or surgery.The use of aspirin is not without side-effects: internal bleeding and stomach ulcers are the most worrisome complications. But the New York researchers claim that their NOSH-aspirin (nitric oxide and hydrogen sulfide) could resolve this problem; patients would need smaller dosages and thereby prevent side-effects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204231", "title": "Israel embassy car attack: Kazmi \u2018honest\u2019, but few vouch for his innocence", "text": "NEW DELHI: The storm raised by the arrest of journalist Syed Mohammad Ahmad Kazmi on Tuesday afternoon has revealed a line between those who vouch for his integrity and those who believe he is innocent. When a 500-strong group of worshippers gathered at Jorbagh's Karbala mosque early on Friday to pray for Kazmi's release, the latter were revealed to be in a minority.Few apart from the 50-year-old's family are protesting his innocence in the case. Five days before his Class XII accountancy exam, Kazmi's son was running to and fro between the police station and the court. \"I have an exam on March 15 but the only thing on my mind now is to ensure that my father comes out clean. It took him 25 years to build that clean image,\" said Farhan (name changed) holding a bunch of photographs of his father with dignitaries from prime minister Manmohan Singh to former PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee and the late controversial Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi.\"My dad is another Geelani (the Parliament attack accused). I am sure he will walk out clean,\" said the 17-year-old, sitting in the residence-cum-office at their house in BK Dutt Colony on Friday evening.Kazmi, who was picked up by Delhi Police's Special Cell on Tuesday afternoon, is known for his extreme and radical views on the Palestine-Israel conflict. At the Karbala mosque, the imam, Maulana Talib Hussain, said, \"This is the first time a Shia Muslim has been picked up on terror charges. We really want him to be proved innocent\". The imam said he had seen Kazmi visiting the mosque for over 20 years but, \"I have never had much interaction with him; he looked like an honest man\".Even Kazmi's defence lawyer Vijay Aggarwal vouched for his 'honesty', refraining from giving him a clean chit. He said, with all the evidence the police had gathered against Kazmi, they could have made him a witness instead of an accused in the case. Senior journalist Saeed Naqvi said, \"Beyond a point I don't know...but for me he (Kazmi) was a dear and valued colleague\".Contradictory statements from Kazmi's extended family have done nothing to clear the air. While his two sons maintain that the moped allegedly used to do a recce of the crime spot belonged to one of their uncles in Meerut and had not been used for two years, a distant cousin, Ali, said it was being used by an Iranian national a few months ago. He later retracted from his statement saying he was confused.\"That moped has been parked in our house for the last two years and belongs to one of our uncles in Meerut who would come here for his kidney treatment at AIIMS. He, however, passed away one-and-a-half years ago. Since then it has stood untouched,\" said Shauzab, Kazmi's elder son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12203728", "title": "State plans green norms for all buildings on 20k sq ft or above", "text": "MUMBAI: The state plans to make it mandatory for all new constructions or redevelopment projects spread over 20,000 sq ft or more to follow green building norms.Codes for an environment-friendly structure include the use of solar panel, eco-friendly construction material, rainwater harvesting and management of solid waste.While the new plan could lead to escalation in the construction costs and a rise in flat prices, the state is considering concessions, rebates in taxes and other incentives to nullify or reduce a hike in cost. On Friday, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan presided over a meeting about the need to take green building standards and norms a notch higher. S Raghupathy, executive president of Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), made a presentation of \"green building codes\". The government had also signed a memorandum of understanding ( MoU) with CII on the preparation of the codes.While officials were asked to finalize the guidelines for making green codes a must for constructions over 20,000 sq ft, CM favoured the suggestion that it began with government and semi-government buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12204246", "title": "Bandh-day absentee teachers face pay cut", "text": "KOLKATA: Education minister Bratya Basu may hold a different view on the right to strike, but teachers are not going to get the benefit of doubt. Teachers of government schools and colleges and even those working in government-aided institutions who didn't make it to their workplace on the bandh day on February 28 have to suffer a pay cut if they can't satisfy the government with a proper \"reason\" for their absence.The school education department on Friday forwarded the copy of the show-cause notice to government and government-aided schools. The higher education department has also followed suit.\"I circulated the chief secretary's radiogram on February 21 to all schools. It specifies that the government won't grant any leave on the day of the strike. Now, the show-cause notice has also been forwarded,\" said the school education secretary. District inspectors of schools will now compile the report on the reply from school teachers and prepare a report. The notice came only two days after it became the point of discussion in the corridors of power at Writers' on Wednesday.State higher education secretary Satish Tewary has also served a copy of the show-cause to colleges. \"It has been circulated today,\" Tewary confirmed.However, the modus operandi is little different in government-aided institutions. While Bikash Bhavan can monitor the attendance of teachers in schools and colleges directly under the government, it is not so for the aided institutions. According to sources in the education department, the school managing committee or the college governing body in government-aided institutions has to take stock of the attendance on that day and take steps accordingly.The school managing committee is an autonomous body. It has to ask the school headmaster to abide by the government circular and serve a show-cause on teachers who were absent on that day. However, some of the Left-dominated school committees want the government to clarify its stand when the right to strike has not been abolished from the service rules. The same holds true for the state-aided colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12204600", "title": "Rickshaw unions demand 100% subsidy on electronic meters", "text": "PUNE: The autorickshaw unions in the city continue to oppose the state government diktat to install electronic meters and demanded that the state government grant 100% subsidy for meter replacement.Two unions - the Maharashtra Rickshaw Sena and the Pune City Autorickshaw Federation - said it was the state government's responsibility to replace the existing mechanical meters with electronic meters. The government should also announce 100% subsidy for installation of electronic meters. Rickshaw Panchayat, the major autorickshaw union in the city, has demanded that the regional transport office (RTO) put a stay on the installation of electronic meters till the school examinations get over.As per the state government directives, from March 1, it is mandatory for all new autorickshaws to have electronic meters before they approach the RTO for registration. Old autorickshaws have been asked to install electronic meters before they go for annual passing at RTO. Checking of the meters will begin from May 1. There are around 50,000 autorickshaws in the city that have been asked to install electronic meters by May 1.Nana Kshirsagar of the Maharashtra Rickshaw Sena said, \"So far, only seven new autorickshaws have approached the RTO for registration. Autorickshaw drivers are not happy about the government orders as they were not taken into confidence. Electronic meters can also be unreliable and can be tampered with\".Kshirsagar also said steps were being taken by his federation to file a petition in the high court challenging the compulsory installation of electronic meters.Baba Shinde of Pune City Autorickshaw Federation said the government cannot make it mandatory for autorickshaws to switch to electronic meters when many issues have been left unanswered. There is no arrangement for servicing and repairing of electronic meters. The government should provide required infrastructure and then ask autorickshaw drivers to install electronic meters. Besides this, the meters are difficult to maintain and there are complaints with the battery required for the meter, he said.\"The autorickshaw drivers will be forced to wait for three to four days for repairs and servicing of electronic meters, in the absence of required facilities in the city\", said Shinde.\"We are opposed to the compulsory installation of electronic meters. Our fight will be intensified further after the school examinations are over\", said Nitin Pawar of the Rickshaw Panchayat.State level meeting on SundayThe Rickhshaw Panchayat and a joint committee of the State Autorickshaw Federations have called a state level meeting on Sunday to decide the future course of action against the government's compulsion of electronic meters. The meeting will be attended by leaders Baba Adhav, Sharad Rao and Narasayya Adam. Various federations across the state will explain their views on the compulsion of electronic meters. The leaders will discuss further course of action pertaining to the writ petition on electronic meters filed by autorickshaw union leader Sharad Rao in the Bombay high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12203998", "title": "Ahmedabad showed its true colours on Holi!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city showed its true colours on Thursday as it was a colour riot on city roads the entire day. The youth and kids, the elderly and adolescents, all got soaked in water and colours. Clubs and farmhouses saw rain dances and theme-based parties as citizens broke monotony of humdrum and let themselves sway to the tunes belted out by blaring music systems.It was an easy day for the essential services as well. According to Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) and EMRI 108 officials, no major incident was reported during two-day revelry of Holi and Dhuleti in the city.\"It was a fun-filled day for the entire family as we had been to a farm house with international DJ and swimming pool dance party,\" said Vidhi Jain, a resident of Satellite.While the morning was not that busy, the action started after noon. Groups of youths were seen taking the city roads and visiting their friends' residences. Expensive pichkaris surely burnt a hole in many parents' pockets but it did not deter the young warriors taking on the rivals with slew of weapons ranging from basic smear of colour to full-fledged water balloon attacks.\"We had taken precautionary steps right from the morning so as to avert any group clashes as is seen every year. However, this time, Dhuleti had been easier and no major incidents were reported. The usual brawls were seen more in eastern city parts but the crowds were soon dispersed. We also prevented youth groups from asking for 'goth' in western city parts,\" said a senior city police official.According to AFES officials, they attended to 12 calls on Holi and 14 on Dhuleti, very much on lines of daily average.\"Fewer Holi pyres were observed this year that resulted into less fire incidents,\" said an AFES official. For EMRI 108, it was business as usual. \"We attended more than 100 cases on Dhuleti alone where most of the cases were related to irritation due to colours and slip on the roads due to water,\" said an EMRI official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "12203397", "title": "Bank staff pull fraud on customers", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Senior officials of Krishna District Cooperative Central Bank (KDCCB) have set alarm bells ringing with the admission that more than Rs 1 crore in customers' savings accounts has been misappropriated by staff at the G Konduru branch.The officials, however, assured that there was no need to panic as the bank would take steps to see to it that its customers did not suffer.Customers on Friday staged a dharna in front of the branch demanding action against those responsible for the fraud. A majority of the bank's customers are farmers. Senior officials admitted that the local staff had committed irregularities by not entering the deposit particulars in bank records although customers' passbooks had been properly updated.When chilli farmer Kosuru Shankar went to withdraw Rs 1.05 lakh from his savings account, bank officials informed him that he had insufficient funds in his account. He showed his passbook as proof to the contrary along with deposit receipts but bank staff refused to entertain his request and asked him to give a representation. Shankar then lodged a complaint with senior officials in Machilipatnam.As more such complaints reached headquarters, the bank deputed assistant general managers N Sridevi and A Prabha to look into the matter and assured that they would take remedial measures after verifying records. It is learnt that part-time workers whom the bank had hired might be behind the scam.Branch manager in-charge Tagore told Mylavaram legislator Devineni Umamaheswara Rao that the irregularities had occurred before he took charge. He said that there were no entries in bank ledgers for deposits by customers. Although police is yet to book a case, KDCCB recently transferred two managers from G Konduru branch to Nuzvid and Machilipatnam giving rise to questions over the possible involvement of senior officials in the fraud. MLA Rao has meanwhile threatened to launch an agitation unless the bank made good the loss suffered by its customers in the scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204328", "title": "Missing girl comes back, says she was remarried", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a new twist to a kidnapping case, a girl who had earlier told a trial court that she might be sold off by her father as she had married against his wishes and had then gone missing after a woman's remand home handed her over to him resurfaced recently. The girl told the court that she had been remarried to a man in Uttar Pradesh.Additional Session Judge Kamini Lau has issued summons to her second husband. The court has ordered police to probe if her second marriage is somehow linked to her fears of her sale. The girl from northwest Delhi made the revelation to the court in a brief deposition, which had to be discontinued and slated for March 14 due to extreme emotional disturbance displayed her. \"This court is of the view that the girl be provided professional counselling through an NGO. I have enquired from the girl and she consents to the counselling,\" ASJ Lau said while sending her to Nari Niketan till the next date of hearing.An FIR was lodged in February 2011 by the girl's father Kaushal who had claimed that his minor daughter had been kidnapped by one Prem Raj. The girl, on March 11, 2011, had written to police saying she over 20 years old and had willingly married Prem Raj. She also told police that her family members had been threatening her.After sending the letter and before cops could track her down, the girl had appeared before a court with Prem Raj and said they had married against the wishes of her family. While maintaining that she was facing a life threat from her father, she had also accused him of trying to sell her. As she was not willing to go back home, the court had sent her to Children's Home for Girls, which later handed her over to her father on an order of the Child Welfare Committee. After this the girl went missing and eventually resurfaced before ASJ Lau recently and told her about her remarriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12205598", "title": "Don\u2019t burn fossil fuels, warns Farooq", "text": "COIMBATORE: Farooq Abdullah, minister for new and renewable energy, in his inaugural address at the international conference on renewable energy resources at Amrita University, advised not to burn fossil fuels as it was detrimental to the environment.The world has woken up to the global warming, remarked Abdullah. \"Glaciers are rapidly melting and we have realized that we will run out of fuel shortly, making it urgent for us to conceive alternate ways to get renewable energy,\" he added.\"India now ranks fifth in wind energy. We generate 17,000MW power from wind energy. By 2013, we target 1300MW under Jawaharlal Nehru National Solar Mission and to make this possible we have to co-operate with other countries that have already reached their target,\" he said.\"There are tremendous things that we can do in our nation. All we have to do is join hands and work together for the development of the nation,\" he said.Dr RK Pachauri, chancellor, The Energy and Resources Institute ( TERI), said, \"If we work together India can reach heights and top the list in producing energy from renewable sources. We should be aware of the benefits of using renewable energy. It's in our hands to build an efficient nation for a healthy and eco-friendly environment for future generations.\"Swami Ramakrishna Puri, treasurer of Mata Amritanandamayi Math, Brahmachari Abhayamrita Chaitanya, pro-chancellor Amrita University and vice chancellor of Amrita University P Venkat Rangan also took part in the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12213901", "title": "Leopard kills infant in Sutrapada village", "text": "RAJKOT: In one more incident of leopard attack on humans, a one-year-old girl was mauled to death by the wild cat in Khambha village of Sutrapada taluka in Junagadh district on Friday night. Forest department officials said, the leopard dragged away Sapna Damor, originally a Madhya Pradesh resident, from a makeshift hut in a sugarcane field and killed her. The attack is said to have happened around 2.00 am.When Sapna's family members woke up at night, they found her missing from the hut and searched out in the nearby area. \"She was found dead in the sugarcane field in the nearby area,\" said a forest department official.According to B V Padsala, range forest officer, Veraval range, three cages have been placed in the area to nab the leopard and a wildlife rescue team has been called in to catch the big cat.\"The family of migrant workers was working in a sugarcane crushing unit at Khambha village. Mostly, migrant workers, who do not know about the presence of wild animals in the area, tend to stay in the open which makes them more vulnerable to attacks during the sugarcane harvest season,\" Padsala said.It was only on February 10 that a leopard had dragged away 12-year-old girl Nirmal Puwar in Ghantiya village of Sutrapada taluka.Forest department sources said that at least five people have been killed by leopards in Junagadh district since past one year. \"This is a serious issue as it mostly happens during the harvest of sugarcane. In February, large number of migrant labourers arrive to work in sugarcane fields. Their employers don't provide enough shelter. These labourers mostly stay in the farm and open area,\" said Dinesh Goswami, a wildlife activist from Kodinar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12204308", "title": "Contractor 'raj' over land worth crores", "text": "NAGPUR: In a land scam of sorts, a Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) contractor has encroached upon some 1,625 sq m land in the prime Bhagwagar Layout in Dharampeth for over eight years. The contractor has even included a part of the road, street light poles and overhead electric lines in the corrugated tin fence built around the encroached piece of land.The contractor RM Goplani's hold in NMC has ensured that complaints from local residents and also corporators have gone unattended over all these years. Now, after mayor Anil Sole was elected from this ward, citizens met him to request removal of the encroachment that is causing great nuisance to them. It remains to be seen whether the newly elected mayor will take action or remain mum like others in the past.A visit to the spot reveals a shocking picture. The encroachment starts from the compound wall of the Children's Traffic Park. It stretches along the side street to around 65 meters. The contractor has constructed a compound made of tin sheets and parks tippers and trucks there. Besides, a store room has been constructed along with huts for labourers working for him.Mocking all rules, the contractor has even enclosed two street light poles, a portion of the road, and MSEDCL's overhead electric line. However, officials of NMC, district administration and MSEDCL are not doing anything about the encroachment.An NMC official said the long patch of land is in the jurisdiction of the district administration since it is nazul land. \"The contractor was given a notice some 5-6 years back. Additional municipal commissioner Atul Patne had visited the spot and issued a notice. The details of the encroachment were also sent to the district administration,\" said the NMC official.One of the citizens told TOI that the area has been completely disturbed due to the encroachment. \"Trucks keep moving in and out all day and night. The labourers create various kinds of problems and leave filth all over the area. We had requested former corporator Baba Maind many times for some action, but nothing was done,\" he said.Maind told TOI that NMC officials are protecting the contractor. \"I had lodged a complaint with almost all officials concerned including municipal commissioner. Yet, the encroachment has remained there for over nine years. A delegation of citizens also met Sole during the election and demanded a solution to the problem. I will pursue the issue with Sole,\" he said.This case is a fine example of misuse of land worth crores. Many such plots belonging to NMC or other government organizations have been encroached by heavyweight contractors, builders or slum-dwellers. However, these government institutions claim lack of land for any developmental works. Citizens also said such encroachment for eight years in such a posh area cannot be done without the approval of officials.Deputy collector (revenue) Milind Kumar Salve has assured inspection and necessary action if the encroachment is on nazul land.Who Know About EncroachmentDistrict administration: NMC sent details some 5-6 years ago after inspection by then additional municipal commissioner Atul PatneCorporator: Citizens met Baba Maind over this many times. Newly elected corporator Anil Sole, who has become mayor, too informed during electionMSEDCL: Linemen and junior engineer working on encroached overhead electric lines regularly for 6-7 yearsNMC Electric Department: Two street light poles are inside the encroached land. Even, the identification number of street light marked with paint on tin compound instead of on the poleNMC PWD: Road at the spot has been asphalted recently and might have been done also in the pastNMC Garden department: The encroachment starts along the Children's Traffic Park compound wallNMC Sanitary department: Sanitary workers sweep the lane and area every day and are monitored by sanitary inspectors", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12203710", "title": "Being fit is not fine", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Consuming fatty fast food and inactive lifestyle is showing up in health reports of healthy, upwardly mobile citizens. A check-up of 1,600 people with no health complaints revealed that 30 per cent of them had high cholesterol and lipids, eighteen per cent had poor liver function and eight per cent sugar. In professionals working in stressed jobs, the level of cholesterol was 38 per cent.The survey was carried out by doctors of the newly commissioned Ahmedabad Institute of Medical Services (AIMS) in Paldi where 1,600 people from middle class and upper middle class families were medically profiled. Ninety per cent of these people did not have any existing medical complaint and considered themselves fit and healthy. All the respondents were in the age group of 25-55 years. The male female ratio was 50:50.\"The survey was done to find out the health status of an average Indian. We wanted to find out how fit the people in the city are. Results of the survey have come as an eye-opener which indicates that people need to go slow on the consumption of fatty food and follow a healthy lifestyle\", chairman of multi-speciality hospital AIMS Pravin Maniar said.Dr O P Gupta, senior physician said that high cholesterol levels were also accompanied with high SGPT levels in most people which indicated that the fat was compromising the functioning of the liver as well.\"High cholesterol level is a lifestyle disorder which is increasing at an alarming rate. Accompanied with other risk factors like diabetes, smoking, stress and high blood pressure , it can put a person at high risk of cardiac disease,\" said Dr Gupta.Another study carried out on corporate professionals working in stressed environmenrevealed that over 30 per cent had high cholesterol plus 33 percent also had fatty liver. \"This shows that alcohol consumption is on rise here,\" Dr Akhil Mukim said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12202878", "title": "A 'dry' Holi to save water", "text": "GURGAON: A \"dry\" Holi was celebrated on Thursday in various societies and condominiums in the city with an eye on saving water. Private societies like Essel Towers, Heritage City, Belvedere Park, Vatika City and others celebrated the day with DJ dance and games for kids. Residents from different nationalities in the private societies also joined the celebrations dancing to Bollywood Holi songs.There were societies which celebrated the festival in an environment-friendly manner. Beverly Park II residents celebrated with just only dry colours. Gp Capt D S Yadav, estate manager, said that \"it was the idea of the residents not to waste water and conserve the natural resources. Moreover, we had music, games and DJ for the participants to enjoy to the fullest\".The general opinion among residents was that such celebrations within the colonies were the best way to enjoy Holi for the families from different states and cultures rather than going to malls or eating out.Irani Gupta, a software engineer who had recently shifted to Gurgaon from Bangalore, enjoyed the celebrations for the first time in her society club house, on Thursday evening. \"Occasions like these give us an opportunity to re-connect with people around, and feel closer to our culture. Most of us are working these days so it's not every day that we get to attend a community festival,\" said Irani.Menfolk, who otherwise stay away from such occasions, participated in the evening function, where there were a number of food and games stalls. According to Atul Batra, president of the Heritage City RWA, \"The idea of the celebration is to get all the residents together.\"The Holi gala at Essel Towers also saw a huge turnout of 500 residents for the event. \"The festival of colours was celebrated by residents of different communities and nationalities in our apartment block,\" said Rajiv Lamba, president of the RWA.It was a two-day event for not only condominiums, but also the private plotted colonies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new orleans", "code": "12208901", "title": "IBM improves sops for business partners", "text": "NEW ORLEANS: IBM has introduced a slew of new incentives for its business partners. The idea is to encourage them to deliver the latest IBM technologies to their clients and drive growth in key areas like \"smarter cities, smarter commerce\" and social business.IBM president and CEO Virginia M Rometty said the relationship with partners would get stronger. She was addressing over 1,000 business partners at a recent meet here in one of her first public appearances after taking over as CEO on January 1 this year. \"You are 20% of our revenues, 120,000 strong around the world and together we continue to move to higher value space. We are staying with the growth plans that we have. You invest money, you develop skills and it will do no good if we move our objectives back and forth. You can count on us in areas like cloud, where we grew three times the prior year,\" she said.The $107-billion company has over 1,500 business partners in India and South Asia region. \"Almost half of the 1,000 smarter planet references are created by business partners, with nearly 15% of those focussed on mid-market clients,\" said Mark J Hennessy, general manager, global business partners and mid-market, IBM.Hennessy said that by the middle of this year, 80% of business partners were expected to participate in IBM cloud computing . The company is launching incentives for business partners in areas including software as a service (SaaS) referral, global financing and government and industry expertise.IBM sees a $57-billion market opportunity in solutions to aid cities solve key challenges in urban planning, environmental compliance, energy and water transportation, education, social welfare and health, public safety, government and agency administration. The company is banking on its business partner community to help make integrated solutions accessible to cities globally .In India, the company is currently focused on increasing its presence in smaller cities to meet the growing needs of clients and partners. The plan is to establish a footprint in over 40 Indian cities, including Mysore and Manipal, by 2013.\"India is a very important market for IBM in many ways,\" said Mukul Mathur, director , business partners, IBM India. The company has invested significantly in India to build global delivery capabilities. \"IBM has also invested heavily in building hardware, software and research labs in the country,\" said Mathur.\"We have technical and development resources in many locations across India and the largest is in Bangalore,\" said Rod Adkins , senior VP, systems and technology group, IBM. \"One of the major parts of our overall strategy is to participate in the growth regions around the world.\"And that makes the company's business partners in the country uniquely poised to reap benefits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "12213180", "title": "Priest, wife fall prey to witchcraft fear", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Villagers of Lavagain allegedly lynched their pahan ( tribal priest), Sushil Oraon, 60, and his wife Jhibi Oraon, 55, on Thursday night.The couple was accused of not selecting the successor priest of the village for past several years even as tribal tradition demanded that the pahan be changed every three years.More than 50 male members of the village attacked Sushil's house, forcefully took the couple to masana (place where bodies of tribals are cremated) and beat them to death using traditional arms. Police personnel headed by Kisko police station in-charge Munu Tudu had to face protest of villagers on Friday morning when the bodies were sent for autopsy and then handed over to family that cremated them late evening. A police picket has been set up in the village, about 7 km from Kisko police station.Villagers who were involved in the murder have left the village while women have come forward saying that they are the killers and not the male members of their families.Police have lodged an FIR against 10 named and 25 other villagers under several sections of the IPC and Prevention of Witch Practice Act. SP Jitendra Kumar Singh said that he had issued strict orders to arrest every villager behind the killing.Singh and DC Ratan Kumar met villagers on Saturday but they were rigid and expressed no repentance over the incident. \"Sushil had neglected selection of his successor for about 15 years even though pahan has to change in every three years. \"Defiance of the act was affecting our traditional rituals from birth to marriage. When we attempted to change it, Sushil used to threaten us of killing by black magic,\" said Rekha Devi, a woman attending meeting with the DC and SP.\"The villagers are fully under the grip of superstition despite some of them being educated. Police, block administration and elected panchayat representatives have been put on alert to normalize the situation ,\" the DC said.In the past one year, Lohardaga has witnessed several cases of witchcraft attacks and killings, including at least seven cases registered in Senha, Bhandra, Kairo, Kuru, Kisko and Town police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12206651", "title": "A tearful adieu to seniors", "text": "LUDHIANA: It was a special moment for the outgoing students of post graduate department of Science as MSc-I students (Maths, Chemistry and Physics) bid farewell to their seniors in Guru Nanak Girls College, Model Town. This was followed by the farewell of post graduate department of Biotechnology and under graduate department of Bioinformatics.At the occasion, students presented a cultural programme to entertain their seniors. The main attraction of the programme was a modelling session by students of the final year. Dressed in trendy clothes, the seniors walked the ramp with rhythmic music in the background.For post graduate department of MSc, Navjot Kaur was adjudged Miss Farewell. Disha and Deepali were crowned as first and second runners up, respectively. Neha, Poonam, Himani and Shruti were crowned as Miss Elegant, Miss Beautiful Smile, Miss Best Outfit and Miss Catwalk, respectively.For post graduate department of Biotechnology and under graduate department of Bioinformatics, Akshita Sharma was adjudged Miss Farewell. Karmjeet Kaur and Anamika were crowned as fist and second runners up, respectively. Maminder Kaur, Rupin Jandu, Ratika Komal and Rubina were crowned as Miss Elegant, Miss Beautiful Smile, Miss Best Outfit and Miss Catwalk, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12204519", "title": "'New real estate sites need better infrastructure''New corridors for real estate development need better infrastructure'", "text": "PUNE: Developers in the city on Friday said despite the fact that areas like Sinhagad Road, Kharadi, Wagholi, Chakan and Talegan are seen as new corridors for development of residential properties, these localities require better infrastructure, road connectivity and water resources.The developers said these areas have long-term growth potential in terms of real estate as new industries and businesses have come up there.The views were expressed during the real estate dialogues organised by real estate portal Magicbricks.com. Panelists included Rohit Gera, managing director, Gera developers; Ranjit Naiknavare, director, Naiknavare developers; Sujay Kalele, CEO, Kolte Patil developers; Anuj M Bhandari, director, B U Bhandari Landmarks and I P Inamdar, CEO, Ahura Builders.Developers said Pune has been a stable market and there has been consistent rise in real estate sector over the last few years. Many new projects are coming up across suburban and newly-developing areas in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad.\"Areas like Talegaon and Chakan need infrastructural facilities, including water supply and better roads. All these are promising areas and witnessing overall development that includes good educational facilities and markets and other facilities. All it need is support from the government on issues like availability of water.The government requires to put efforts for better supply of water and also needs to give due attention to projects like recycling of water for better water management,\" said Naiknavare.Gera said, \"The city's real estate has been growing steadily. There has been fairly good demand for properties in Kharadi, Wagholi and Sinhagad Road areas. Customers expect good infrastructure. If these areas are developed with good facilities, investors will follow.\"Kalele said many new schemes are in the offing in newly-developing areas in the outskirts of the city. New roads are being developed; however, the government needs to address these issues on priority so that customers would not feel the heat.Bhandari said Pune has remained the attraction for real estate investors across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12203236", "title": "Azam Khan likely to be UP speaker", "text": "LUCKNOW: One compromise formula in the Samajwadi Party doing the rounds is Azam Khan would be made UP assembly speaker, which would ensure the senior leader does not have to report to Mulayam's son Akhilesh once he become CM. However, that would give Khan an autonomy that may not suit Akhilesh.In the past in other states, the speaker has at times become the rallying point for dissidents. Apart from his own \"appropriate\" positioning, Khan is likely to pitch for a large number of ministries for his favourites.The Samajwadi parliamentary board met on March 7 and Akhilesh's name was proposed as leader, but no decision could be reached as Khan chose to stay put in his constituency Rampur, despite Mulayam sending a helicopter there to bring him to Lucknow.On Friday, Khan came to Lucknow and was closeted with some MLAs close to him in Darul Shafa, where MLAs have their quarters. But Mulayam sent for him and Khan went to the Yadav chieftain's residence late in the evening, where Mulayam's brother Shivpal was also called over.While getting Khan to toe the succession line poses a challenge, getting Shivpal to come around is not likely to be a big problem for Mulayam as Shivpal knows that he draws his strength mainly from his elder brother.It has also now become clear that the brand of politics espoused by the likes of Shivpal, the party's rugged face, would not have been enough to take SP past the majority mark in UP's 403-strong assembly. The highest SP had got before this was only 143 seats, Akhilesh managed to smoothen the party's rough edges this time when he stood firm on dropping tainted leaders like D P Yadav whom Khan had been keen on inducting, and thus draw in support from other sections of society for SP.Indications that Akhilesh could be the CM came early when he, and not Mulayam, addressed the party's first press conference on March 6. Although he added that too much should not be read into this, it didn't stop observers from reading of the leaves. The buzz only increased when Mulayam went to meet governor B L Joshi accompanied only by Akhilesh.\"Why would Mulayam do that if not to try push Akhilesh, while pulling his weight behind the scenes to get the nay-sayers to accept his son as the next CM?\" said an insider.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12205556", "title": "SAD 'jarnails' likely to exchange batons", "text": "JALANDHAR: Even as Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) emerged victorious in the recently held assembly polls, its 'jarnails' had a tough time in the political battlefield. In Majha region two of them lost their political battles, another one, who is actually named 'jarnail', stayed away from direct 'confrontation' in the political arena, remained active only in backroom planning and maneuverings. The fourth one, perhaps sensing the mood of the electorate, successfully passed on the baton to his son in Doaba region.Ranjit Singh Brahmpura, who is called 'Majhe Da Jarnail' by party workers in the region, and Sucha Singh Langah, who got this title from his loyalists during SGPC elections, lost the election. Both were influential ministers in the SAD-BJP government and the party structure in the region is now likely to see a major change.Even as SAD president Sukhbir Badal's brother-in-law Bikram Majithia emerged on the political scene just a decade back, owing to his clout with Sukhbir and his calling shots in the party affairs in the region, workers and leaders started calling him 'Majhe Da Jarnail', ostensibly to get in his god books. Following rebellion by Manpreet Badal, the title returned to Brahmpura as Badals tried to keep senior leaders of the party in good humour and Majithia himself started addressing Brahmpura with the same title. Now with Brahmpura's defeat and Langah also losing the political battle, the title is likely to shift back to Majithia.In Doaba, veteran leader Kuldip Singh Wadala, was called 'Doabe Da Jarnail' even as he remained in political wilderness for over a decade, which ended after Manpreet's rebellion. As age and health problems are taking on this well-read leader, who also represents the persona of a typical and traditional jathedar, his son Gurpartap Singh Wadala, an engineering graduate, has become MLA from Nakodar by defeating four-time Congress MLA Amarjit Singh Samra - who was considered undefeatable.Another leader from Doaba who is actually named 'jarnail' but remained away from electoral battle is likely to continue to play the role of a 'jarnail'. Markfed chairman Jarnail Singh Wahid, who is Badals' point person in Doaba, bowed out of election battle even as Badals wanted him to contest from Jalandhar Cantt. However, in the election Wahid remained active in fixing other problems for the party including handling rebellion within the ranks. It was only after his firm 'no' that Sukhbir persuaded Olympian Pargat Singh to contest, who has now reached the assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12198049", "title": "Salman will be eternal Prem: Sooraj Barjatya", "text": "Says filmmaker Sooraj Barjatya who's writing a new script with the superstar in mindHowever, there have been over a dozen TV serials, but Barjatya has not been able to repeat the success of their longest running show, Woh Rehne Waali Mehlon Kii. Says he, \"I believe what has to happen, happens. Kuch cheezein bante bante ban jaati hain. Some shows are meant to create history.\"WILL GET BACK TO FILMS SOON But when do we get to see another of his family dramas on the big screen? \"I've begun to write a script. In all probability, the film will go on floors by 2013,\" he informs. And is he writing the script keeping Salman 'Prem' Khan in mind? \"My first choice will always be Salman, but he is a very busy man now. Let's see if he has some dates to spare for me.\" These days, many directors are multitasking, directing ads as well as TV shows, where Barjatya has been quite the trendsetter. \"TV is a creative medium. There is a lot of potential. After the tremendous response we got for Woh Rehne Waali Mehlon Ki, we decided to go ahead with more shows,\" he explains.ALL FOR THE LOVE OF MUSIC Barjatya's TV shows are known for their melodious music. Says Barjatya, \"It is a conscious decision and is purely for the love of music. Even with our new show, Jhilmil Sitaroon Ka Aangan Hoga, I had to convince my father to take the title from the original song from our film Jeevan Mrityu (1970). The song is very close to us and we wanted to revive it somehow.\"New DIRECTORS are IMPRESSIVE Barjatya is impressed with the new crop of directors and says he's very happy with the way Indian cinema is shaping up. \"It's great to have such young directors in the film industry. Look at Imtiaz Ali for instance. He has taken Indian cinema beyond the conventional concepts of filmmaking. The industry is benefitting from directors like him, Farhan Akhtar , Abhinay Deo and the likes,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12211948", "title": "Dad's advise to Akhilesh: Lead a clean life", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav on Saturday advised his son and Uttar Pradesh chief minister-designate Akhilesh Yadav to lead a clean social and political life.\"I will be happy to see if Akhilesh keeps his personal and social life clean. This will be fulfilment of my dreams,\" he said addressing a meeting of newly-elected party MLAs here.Mulayam told the legislators to fulfil aspirations of the people and try to win their hearts.\"You all have a responsibility on your shoulders. You should try to fulfil aspirations of the people and win their hearts with your behaviour,\" he said.Addressing party leaders and workers, Akhilesh said now the aim of the party would be 2014 Lok Sabha elections.He said he would try to fulfil promises made to the people.Akhilesh, architect of Samajwadi Party's spectacular victory in the state assembly election, will be sworn-in as Chief Minister on March 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204347", "title": "Man off dowry hook, pays Rs 11L to estranged wife", "text": "New Delhi: An FIR against a man for alleged dowry harassment was quashed by the Delhi high court on Friday after he agreed to pay over Rs 11 lakh to his estranged wife towards a final settlement.Justice Suresh Kait, however, slapped a fine of Rs one lakh on the man for wasting precious judicial time in arriving at a settlement with his wife. She had lodged a criminal case against him and his family members over two years ago.\"I direct him to pay Rs one lakh to the 'Delhi High Court Legal Services Committee' within four weeks.Proof thereof shall also be placed on record. As prayed, I refrain from imposing cost on man's family members,\" the judge said.HC quashed the FIR against the man after taking on record his submission that the dispute has been amicably settled with his wife and that he has agreed to pay Rs 11.25 lakh towards all the claims made by her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12204329", "title": "Politicians oppose Pawar's water plan", "text": "PUNE: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's proposal to construct a new dam exclusively for the Pune city and an underground water supply tunnel from the Khadakwasla reservoir has met with resistance from political parties and urban planners.Pawar had said on Thursday that like Mumbai, Pune city should also have an exclusive dam to cater to its drinking water needs. He had said that the existing dams would not be able to deal with the city's growing water demands. He stressed that it was necessary to have an underground water tunnel from Khadakwasla reservoir to Phursungi to prevent wastage of water.For the daily quota of water, the city receives about 570 MLD water from the Khadakwasla reservoir, another pipeline brings 100 MLD water directly to the Warje water works and about 430 MLD water comes from the Mutha right bank canal.Bharatiya Janata Party city unit president Vikas Mathkari said, \"We are surprised with Pawar's statements. The party is in power in the state and city, but what have they done? The Krishna water tribunal has already suggested that no new dam should be constructed. Pawar is only misleading citizens and trying to cover up his party's failure in solving the water issue.\"He said, \"The irrigation department had approved the Bhama Askhed project, wherein the direct pipeline from the reservoir could easily bring 2 TMC water to the city. But Pawar is not interested in this project\".Pawar had further said that the 17-km-long underground water tunnel from Khadakwasla reservoir to Phursungi would need funds worth Rs 1,000 crore. Once the tunnel is ready, the land of the existing canal could be exploited and transfer of development rights (TDR) could be generated. The canal land would generate 1.5 crore sq ft TDR which would be loaded in the city, paving the way for new constructions.Urban planner Anita Benninger-Gokhale told TOI, \"I don't understand why everyone is behind TDR and new constructions. Also, an underground tunnel and a new dam are just not the answer to Pune's water problem.\"She said that a water grid could be developed for the city by utilising the hundreds of wells that are lying unused, by creating water sheds at tekdis i.e. hill tops and hill slopes and recharging the ground water. \"It is time to look at innovation rather then floating fancy ideas.\" She also said that the issue of losses in distribution needs to be addressed.Congress corporator Aba Bagul said, \"The construction of a dam is not a feasible idea and building an underground water tunnel is far fetched. In fact, the Congress had suggested that water reservoirs be built across the city, but there was no response to the idea.\"\"The PMC should come out with a white paper about the precise monthly need of the city and usage of water. It should compile details of sectors, population and water use for each ward and current per capita water supply in different areas and sectors. It should also come out with a projection of the future need and the amount of polluted waste water that it treats, with figures for each STP along with the input and output quality and quantity, design parameters and month-wise figures of returns to the specific canal network and the river,\" said activist Sujit Patwardhan.\"Keeping all these factors in mind, it is entirely unjustified, immoral and unacceptable for a city like Pune, which has not worked seriously on any of the options for reducing and reusing its water, to simply ask for a new dam. This new dam will be built at a great cost to a vulnerable society and ecosystem. Pune does not deserve this at least till all options listed above are assessed and exhausted,\" he added.The city consumes around 14.5 TMC water i.e. a demand of 314 litre per capita per day (LPCD) as against the 150 LPCD as per the Central Public Health and Environmental Engineering Organisation norms. In spite of high average consumption of water per head, certain areas receive very low and inequitable water supply due to design deficiencies in the overall water supply system, especially in the old distribution networks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12203459", "title": "I don\u2019t own property worth Rs 148 crore, Kripa\u2019s son says", "text": "MUMBAI: Narendra, son of former Congress city chief Kripashankar Singh, said that he did not own properties valued over Rs 148 crore . \"I would love to see these properties. I suggest the government sells them and donates the proceeds to any charitable trust,\" said Narendra, who is facing charges of abetment in his father's disproportionate assets case.Narendra aka Sanjay Singh (33) spoke to TOI about his properties and \"wrong evaluation\" by the valuer. A 2010 PIL filed before the Bombay HC said that Narendra earned lots of money and purchased properties beyond his capacity. The HC on February 22 ordered Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik to probe the charges against Narendra that he owns more than half a dozen properties collectively valued at Rs 274 crore. The PIL mentions an office space of 22,500 sq ft in HDIL building at BKC worth Rs 112 crore, another office space of 12,000 sq ft in Wadhwa Building, Trade Link Centre, BKC, valued at Rs 36 crore and shops in HDIL building in Bhandup. The total worth of these properties, as per the PIL is over Rs 148 crore. Are these properties in my name? I don't think these properties even exist,\" Narendra claimed.Narendra, who completed his XII from SIES College in Matunga, went to AER Mistran Flying School in Texas in 1996. \"After returning from Texas in 1997, I could not get a job and had to wait till 2002 when I finally got a job with Jet Airways as a pilot,\" he said. According to Narendra, he worked as dispatch clerk for two months before completing his one-year training with Jet. My first salary was Rs 90,000. I served as a pilot till December 2004 and when I resigned my salary was Rs 1.08 lakh per month,\" he said. According to Narendra, only 3.27 acres of land belongs to his his family and not 250 acres as mentioned in the PIL.He said he took a loan of Rs 60 lakh from Standard Chartered Bank and bought a flat in Oceanic in Bandra for Rs 63 lakh. \"I had Rs 3 lakh savings which I paid to the developer. It was a 20-year loan and I am still paying the EMI. Some people are saying that I bought a bungalow, Tarang, for Rs 40 crore. I took a 'friendly loan' of Rs 3.25 crore from a developer, Rakesh Wadhwa. Today the price of that flat is Rs 40 crore. But I still calculate the purchase price of what I paid,\" he said. He said he was a partner in a private firm, Tridev Ventures, which constructed a six-storey building last year.Narendra said that he booked a triplex flat in The Address in 2007 for Rs 26 crore and paid Rs 4.5 crore as token amount. \"If today's market price of that flat is Rs 48 crore, what can I say about it?\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12208079", "title": "Karthi or Jiiva for Santhakumar's next", "text": "There have been reports that director Santhakumar, who gave last year's sleeper hit Mouna Guru (starring Arulnidhi and Ineya in the lead), is trying to cast either Karthi or Jiiva as the leading man for his next.But the soft-spoken director informs us that he still hasn't finished scripting yet and will think about the cast only after that.\"I think these rumours came into place because the production house with which I have signed up to do my next film has the dates of both Jiiva and Karthi. However, I'm yet to complete the script of my next project and will decide on the cast only after I have finished that,\" says the director.Quiz Santhakumar on the genre of his next project and all he can say is that it will be an \"interesting one that will definitely not be a crime thriller\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12204061", "title": "Congress denied rally permission", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The Gujarat government is in no mood to give permission to the Congress for a protest rally against the ruling BJP's move in the state assembly suspending Leader of Opposition Shaktisinh Gohil from the House till the end of the session in March-end. The Congress had sought permission to hold a rally off Pathikashram in the state capital, though senior Congress leader Shankarsinh Vaghela had declared party workers would \"gherao the assembly.\"According to sources, the Gandhinagar district administration has expressed the view that it \"not possible to give permission for any protest rally in view of the byelection in the assembly constituency of Mansa, falling in the district, board examinations and the ongoing assembly session.\" Sources cited \"law and order situation\" behind the denial of permission.Gohil was suspended from the assembly for the entire session for his alleged remark in the House that state agriculture minister Dilip Sanghani was in \"partnership\" with the Adani Group of industries.The suspension happened after a BJP resolution brought in the assembly for suspending Gohil said Gohil had \"disrespected\" speaker Ganpat Vasava for refusing to obey the latter's ruling to regret the \"remark\", which Gohil claimed he had never made.When contacted, state Congress president Arjun Modhwadia told TOI that if the permission is not granted, as it seems now, the Congress will go in for civil disobedience. \"We have decided to take up the matter at the higher level. We do not accept the current explanation of the district administration, apparently given at instance of CM Narendra Modi .\"He added, \"Modi gets all kinds of permissions, including to address rallies in the podium of the state assembly, which is a prohibited area.\" None in the government - including MoS for home Prafull Patel; ACS, home, Varesh Sinha; the Gandhinagar SP or district collector - was available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12205446", "title": "60 years on, China set to draft human rights law", "text": "BEIJING: More than 60 years after the formation of the Chinese nation state, the Communist country's parliament formally began writing human rights into the law.The new amendment bill comes after severe criticism by human rights groups of methods used by police against minorities and other classes.An important move is to inform the families of an accused, who is taken under detention, about the police action. Although the police can make an exception to this legal provision, if the case involves national security, this is an improvement over the existing law that allows police to secretly detain people.The police can no longer use confessions extorted through illegal means, like torture, as evidence in trials. The courts will also not consider testimony of victims and depositions of victims obtained through illegal means, like violence or threats, the amendment suggested.It has also suggested steps to prevent the use of torture for extorting confessions by establishing separate interrogation centers that video tape the process of interrogations.Moving the amendment on Thursday, Wang Zhaoguo , vice chairman of the standing committee of National People's Congress, said it was necessary to write these provisions into law although the Criminal Procedure Law fully embodies the principal of protecting human rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12204869", "title": "Life-saving tech for police ambulances", "text": "CHANDIGARH: At present, the ambulances of the UT police have no onboard medical equipment and are only being used to carry accident victims to hospitals. However, the life-saving equipment, ventilators and medicines will soon be made available on these vehicles so as to provide a timely treatment to the patients. Cops ply 11 such ambulances in the city and these have just the first-aid kits and stretchers installed on them.Deputy superintendent of police (communication) Roshan Lal said, \"One ambulance is attached with each police station. These serve the only purpose of rushing the victims to hospitals. No sophisticated equipment is in place as yet. Cops need to trained on the use of medical appliances.\"He said the vehicles would soon be improved and a high-level committee, which would be supervised by the director of Government Medical College and Hospital, has been constituted to finalize the procedure. Lal said the members include senior members of the Chandigarh administration. And, special training will be imparted to cops in charge of the ambulances.UT police also owns three trauma vans which are equipped with oxygen cylinders, first-aid kits and other necessary equipment. At least 83 accidents have been reported till March 8, and 28 people died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204107", "title": "Israeli woman diplomat was not the only target", "text": "NEW DELHI: The predictable movements of Israeli diplomat Tal Yehoshua-Koren made her a soft target for last month's car bomb attack in central Delhi, police say. Yehoshua-Koren was not the chief or only target, as the movements of other Israeli embassy vehicles were also closely followed by the group that carried out the attack. \"Her car movements were very frequent and usually on time. She turned out to be the most vulnerable target,\" a senior officer told TOI.Investigators now see a common thread in the Delhi blast of February 13, a failed car bombing attempt in Georgia the same day, and another blast in the Thai capital, Bangkok, on February 14. \"None of the blasts were strong; they only wanted to make a point,\" an officer said. Without taking names, investigators say a professional Iranian group might be involved.Police sources say freelance journalist Syed Mohammad Ahmad Kazmi, who has been arrested in connection with the blast, may not have known all the details of the conspiracy. \"He first met the suspected bombers in February 2011, and kept in touch through email. But it looks like he knew only the beginning and the end of the conspiracy, not everything,\" said a senior officer.The police have found out the ownership details of the moped allegedly used by the suspects to trail the embassy cars which was found at Kazmi's residence on Tuesday night. The Haryana-registered vehicle belongs to one Afsar Irani and had changed hands three-four times in the last few months.Investigators say they have sought help from Research and Analysis Wing (RAW) to gather more information about the Delhi bombers. \"We don't know anything about the group yet. We have names of bombers but it is not clear which group they belong to,\" a senior officer said.The investigating team has already found the black Hero Honda Passion Pro motorcycle used by the bomber to trail Yehoshua-Koren's car on Aurangzeb Road on the day of the blast. Immediately after the blast, an eyewitness had claimed that the bike was red but the diplomat later gave a statement that it was black.Israeli officials are also likely to question Kazmi in a day or two through diplomatic channels to gather more information about the bombers. The Special Investigation Team under DCP Ashok Chand and additional DCP Sanjeev Yadav is working on the case. One of their groups is gathering details from airports to find out the fugitive bombers' travel details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12204424", "title": "PMC looks to raise funds through amenity spaces", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation has proposed to commercially utilise amenity spaces so as to generate funds for speedy development of earmarked reservations, following the state government's notification on the approval of the Development Plan (DP) for the 23 villages merged within the civic limits.Speaking to TOI on Thursday, city engineer Prashant Waghmare said, \"Considering the fast growth in the 23 villages, the civic body will not be able to keep undeveloped reservations. In fact, we will need immediate funds to develop the reservations, especially schools and hospitals. We are looking forward to using the amenity spaces for commercial purposes to fetch us the required funds.\"As per the Development Control (DC) rules, if 0.4 hectare area is developed, 15% of the total land should be reserved as amenity space. In the approved layouts for 23 villages, 853 amenity spaces (24,23,863.60 sqm) are available to the PMC. The DC rule amendments are pending with the state government and the PMC plans to add amendment of using amenity space for commercial purposes. The state government issued a notification on the DP on March 2 which is likely to pave the way for planned and regulated growth in the fringe areas of the city.Meanwhile, the state government has scrapped 332.62 hectares of low water availability zone in the fringe areas, where there was no source of water distribution system earlier. The floor space index in these zones was restricted to 0.33 and only low-rise constructions were permitted. The scrapping of the zone will lead to increased building activity in the area. This will result in more constructions in the locality and accordingly the PMC will have to develop the reservations and provide civic amenities like schools, gardens and hospitals.But the biggest challenge that the civic body faces is to remove encroachments on amenity spaces in the merged villages. The civic administration has sought details of the reservation spaces in 23 villages and the encroachments on the same from ward offices.In October 2010, the Supreme Court's judgment in the Sun Dew apartment case highlighted the need to protect land for public purposes and the role of politicians, the government and the administration in deleting amenity reservations. \"The spaces for public amenities are under a systematic attack and are shrinking all over the cities in India, only for the benefit of the landowners and the builders. Time has therefore come to take a serious stock of the situation,\" the Supreme Court bench comprising justice H L Gokhale and R V Raveendran had said.The judgment is a wake-up call for Pune where the execution of the DP has been deplorable. As per the 1987 sanctioned DP, the total number of reservations was 519 covering an area of 827 hectares. The civic body earmarks available land in the city for public amenities like gardens, hospitals, schools, roads and footpaths based on the population of an area which are called reservations. The 1987 DP has reserved 70 hectares of land in various parts of the city for playgrounds. Till date, the PMC has acquired only 3.5 hectare of the reserved land.\"The PMC will have to look for various options to raise funds to develop reservations and ensure that the public land for amenities is protected. We are confident of speedy execution of the DP in merged villages,\" Waghmare added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12206882", "title": "US wants relations with Pakistan on upward trajectory: State dept", "text": "WASHINGTON: As Pakistan conducts a Parliamentary review of its bilateral ties with US, a State Department official said Washington wants to have its relationship with Pakistan always on an upward trajectory.\"We obviously always want our relationship with Pakistan to be on an upward trajectory,\" the State Department spokesperson, Victoria Nuland told reporters at her daily news conference yesterday.US, she said, wants to improve its relationship with Pakistan.However, Nuland refused to answer questions related to the announcement of appointment of a new ISI chief.Pakistan-US relations have been buffeted by several crises since last year, including the gunning down of two Pakistani men by a CIA contractor in Lahore , the killing of Osama bin Laden by American commandos in Abbottabad and a cross-border NATO air strike that killed 24 Pakistani soldiers in November.Gilani ordered a Parliamentary review of bilateral relations and new \"terms of engagement\" for the US will be unveiled after a joint session of the two houses of Parliament that is likely to be held later this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195540", "title": "Shilpa Shetty turns designer", "text": "The actress along with Shantanu-Nikhil has designed the oufit for the ring girls of the Super Fight LeagueThe Raj Kundra-Sanjay Dutt joint business venture, that will introduce Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) in the country for the first time, has a strong glam quotient in it too. Sexy ring girls from abroad have been selected by Shilpa after proper auditions. Raj and Sanjay are doing all they can to make sure that every small detail is looked into. Says Shilpa, \"SFL is our baby and we are leaving no stone unturned to make it as grand and enjoyable as we can. I can't be actively involved in running around daily (Shilpa is expecting and into her sixth month), but auditioning the ring girls was important and I wanted to help in that.\"About giving creative inputs for the styling of the SFL outfits, Shilpa laughs and says, \"I wasn't given a choice! My husband told me that I had to do it. I'm grateful to Shantanu and Nikhil for helping us. They are excellent and we wanted to raise the oomph factor to dizzying heights. We have kept the look Indo-Western as this is the first MMA event in India. We wanted to keep an Indian element hence the saree, but something that will still have sex appeal. The ring girls will be wearing mini-sarees in gold with full pallus and skirts and the red SFL logo.\"Nikhil of Shantanu-Nikhil adds, \"Shilpa has a strong creative edge so she can visualise things quickly and that makes her an excellent creative person to work with. After choosing the ring girls' outfit we decided to use lots of gold sequins to add to the look.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12204684", "title": "Cops recover stolen gold", "text": "Margao police recovered gold worth over Rs 1 crore that was robbed from the office of a Margao firm on Sunday, after chasing the accused person through the streets of Akkalkot city in Solapur district, Maharashtra, on Wednesday evening. However, the accused, Anil Chawan, managed to give police the slip after dropping the bag containing the gold. Gold, besides Indian and foreign currency were stolen from a firm called UAE foreign exchange and foreign services. Though the police failed to find Chawan at his residence, nabbed one of his relatives as Chawan was frequently sending him SMSs on his mobile, and kept tabs on the messages.Bus operators booked: Valpoi police arrested and later released on bail two bus operators on Friday for violating the election code of conduct while ferrying people for the Prime Minister's recent public meeting at Sanquelim. Six others are expected to be arrested soon. Soon after the swearing-in ceremony of the BJP-MGP alliance government on Friday, Valpoi police swiftly acted on the offences registered. The persons arrested are Mahesh Mahadev Bandi from Maina Curtorim and Abdul Gaffar Kanwala from Rumdamol Margao.Mumbai engineer found dead at Mapusa : Ajit Marathe, 46, an engineer from Malad-Mumbai, working at the Duler stadium was found dead in his room at the Mapusa residency on Thursday evening. According to police, Marathe had complained of uneasiness on Thursday morning and called one of his friends, who took him to the doctor for a check-up. He then returned to his room. Later, after his friend left, he again complained of uneasiness to his friend over the phone. However, it took some time for his friend to return to the room and when the friend rang the door bell, Marathe was not responding. The hotel staff then opened the door and found Marathe lying on the floor. The 108 ambulance was called and the victim was pronounced dead.MPT to welcome more foreign cruise vessels: Mormugao Port Trust (MPT) is gearing up to welcome more foreign cruise vessels this year as part of plans to expand its reach. MPT is already in discussion with the other operators to bring more tourists to Goa. Chairman P Mara Pandiyan, IAS, said the port planned to receive eight cruise vessels in March alone. Collectively, these vessels - including Seaborne Legend, Costa Deliziosa, Discovery, Aidadiva, Seven Seas Voyagers, Amsterdam, Seaborne Quest and Brilliance Of The Seas - will bring in more than 10,000 visitors. The port will complete the construction of a dedicated berth for the benefit of cruise vessels, Pandiyan said.Restricted water supply to four talukas: There will be restricted water supply to the entire Bardez, Bicholim, Sattari and Pernem talukas on March 10 due to power failure at the Assonora, Podocem, Dabosem, Chandel and Sanquelim water treatment plants, states a press note issued by the Alto Porvorim office of the public works department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12205000", "title": "Criminal petition filed against former minister", "text": "MADURAI: A criminal original petition was filed in the Madurai bench by a land owner of Karur, seeking to register a case against former AIADMK minster and present DMK functionary, Chinnasamy for allegedly threatening him to part with a property, which is located at a prime area.One S Gnanasekaran alleged that in 2007, he entered into an agreement with one Murugesan, Karthikeyan and Sasikala for the purpose of purchasing a land measuring 7.8 acres. He also paid an advance amount. Thereafter, the said agreement was duly registered in the sub-registrar's office, Karur.The petitioner further said that the value of the said land increased after the laying of the four-lane road. Chinnasamy, his son Murali and their relatives conspired together with an intention to grab the property and abducted Murugesan. They insisted him to sell the properties to them .Gnanasekaran alleged that they had contacted him through the phone and insisted him to revoke the agreement. When he refused to revoke it, they abducted the vendor and obtained a sale deed in favour of one Suresh in 2008. The petitioner contended that on November 17, 2011, he lodged complaint before the SP, Karur. But till date there is no progress in the investigation. The police refused to initiate action against the accused. Hence, he filed the present petition. seeking a direction to register the complaint against the proposed accused.The matter is likely to come up for hearing next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "12213162", "title": "Solar power lights up schools in Red zone", "text": "GUMLA: After remaining neglected for years, the inaccessible residential schools located mostly in Naxalite-hit areas of the Netarhat plateau, have now become vibrant.These special schools for children of the Scheduled Tribes, including primitive ones, were opened mostly in the district in the '50s. However, they remained isolated mainly because of their remote location covered with forests in the Maoist bastion. Now, the present dispensation seems to have taken care of them and basic amenities, which were hitherto eluding them, have started reaching these schools.Solar lights set up on platforms on the campus and concrete cement roads, boundary walls and renovation of schools and construction of residential quarters are all slated to come up in the areas. The solar lights put up on square platform has changed the routine of the students, including timing of dinner.Both students and teachers have hailed the initiative of the district administration to light up and give a facelift under the integrated action plan (IAP) to these remote institutions run by the state welfare department.Premdil Oraon, a Class IX student of Jobhipat ST Residential High School in Bishunpur block, about 70 km from Gumla, said, \"We have started studying under this solar lamp besides organizing meetings and cultural programmes. The solar lamps have also helped in illuminating the whole campus. Earlier, we used to eat under the light of kerosene lamps just after sunset but now we take dinner later in the evening.\"Electricity is still a dream for the region and till now the students and teachers depend on kerosene lamps. But sunlight, which falls more on hilly uplands than the plains, provides energy to the solar lamps now. \"Now, we can walk freely on school premises without fear of snakes which appear often in the forest region,\" added one of Premdil's friends.\"With these initiatives, mindset of both teachers and students has changed,\" said a visibly happy principal N P Verma.Jobhipat is a hotbed of Maoists who use the place to organize their different programmes, including taking out torchlight procession as they had done in the past.Apart from the ST Boys' High School at Jobhipat, there are seven other residential schools, including ST Boys' High School, Sakhuwapani, with 248 students from Classes I to X, Chaurapat Girls' Middle School with 88 girls, Chapatoli Girls' High School with 248 girls in Bishunpur block, Kandapat Boys' High School for 200 boys in Dumri block, Dokapat Boys' Middle School for 88 in Chaipur block and Boys' High School Navadiha in Ghaghra block of the district, which has been covered under IAP for solar illumination and other facilities.In addition to the light arrangement, water supply is scarce, said Kandapat School principal Kameshwar Oraon. \"The residential quarters will provide proper accommodation to teachers which have been lacking so far,\" he added.The district administration is thinking about providing solar lamps to study rooms, too, and will soon distribute sports materials and other necessary items to these schools, said district welfare officer Niranjan Kumar.\"Students and other inmates can no longer remain in darkness,\" said DC Rahul Sharma , adding that other infrastructure facilities will help build a conducive educational environment as their locations are inaccessible and tough. \"Soon, potable water will also reach there as the drinking water and sanitation department here has been assigned the task for executing pipewater supply schemes soon - all under the IAP,\" Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12203315", "title": "Final report: Panel wants no I-T till Rs 3L, new slabs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Parliamentary standing committee on finance, in its final report on Friday, suggested reworking the income tax slabs, seeking exemption for income up to Rs 3 lakh and wanting the highest tax rate of 30% to kick in at over Rs 20 lakh. To make the tax system more predictable, the panel recommended that the slabs be indexed to inflation.The report, which will help the government push the Direct Taxes Code, has also suggested that the exemption limit for savings be enhanced from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 1.5 lakh. It suggested that the exemption limit for life and health insurance, and education, be doubled to Rs 1 lakh and a separate deduction of Rs 50,000 be permitted for higher education.For purchasing medical insurance for elderly parents and grandparents, an additional exemption of Rs 20,000 should be given, although it is silent on housing loan exemption which is currently at Rs 1.5 lakh.The committee has recommended an exemption of Rs 3.2 lakh (excluding home loans), instead of Rs 2.7 lakh (including home loans) at present. If the parliamentary panel's prescriptions find favour with the government, those with annual income of up to Rs 6.2 lakh will stay outside the tax net. Further concessions for women and senior citizens in the tax slabs have also been recommended in the report. The panel has suggested that the senior citizen cut-off age be lowered to 60 years, instead of 65.The slabs suggested by the panel are far more liberal than those suggested in the DTC Bill although it is lower than what was proposed in the draft Bill in 2009. In the Bill introduced in August, 2010, the government had suggested that income up to Rs 2 lakh be outside the tax ambit, a 10% levy was proposed for annual income of Rs 2 lakh-Rs 5 lakh, 20% for Rs 5 lakh-Rs 10 lakh, while above Rs 10 lakh, the 30% rate was to be applicable.There is no relief for companies that the panel headed by former FM Yashwant Sinha has suggested that corporation tax rate be retained at 30%, instead of 25% proposed in the draft Bill. There is also a suggestion to dispense with STT and raise the wealth tax exemption limit from Rs 30 lakh to Rs 5 crore. tnnWhile the DTC Bill is pending in Parliament, the new law is unlikely to be in place by April when the next financial year begins. As a result, the proposed slabs, if accepted by the government and endorsed by the legislature, will only be applicable from April 2013.The panel is also not in favour of annual tinkering in tax slabs. Instead it has suggested that it should be indexed to inflation. \"The committee notes that almost every year, the exemption limit is being tinkered with, albeit marginally. This, however, does not have any linkage with the price index or the growing inflationary trend. The committee would, therefore, desire that there should be a built-in mechanism embedded in the statute itself based on consumer price indices, whereby the tax slabs would be automatically and periodically adjusted for inflation,\" the 360-page report said.The committee argued that moderate tax rates would \"induce better tax compliance with a view to giving some relief to the small tax payers.\" In addition, it said that compliance and transaction cost will come down, helping the income tax department \"focus their attention and re-orient their resources on the higher income groups, untaxed or concealed incomes, and categories and sectors that are avoidance or evasion prone.\" By increasing the cut off to Rs 3 lakh, over 2.5 crore of the 3.3 crore tax payers would go out of the tax net. Government data suggests that 89% of the taxpayers are up to Rs 5 lakh bracket with collections estimated at around Rs 11,000 crore.Budget 2012 | Pre-Budget 2012 | Rail Budget", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12203734", "title": "Lapro-robotics, future of surgery", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mulibhai Patel Urological Hospital (MPUH) Nadiad organized an international Lapro-robotic symposium 'Cutting edge Technology- Journey from Better to Best - Are we ready to Adapt' from March 8.Union health and family welfare minister, Ghulam Nabi Azad while delivering key note address,and watched a 3D robotic surgery for the removal of kidney tumor said it was noteworthy that MPUH has trained more than 100 post graduates in last 25 years who have spread out all over India catering to needs of specialized treatment for patients.Director, Dr Mahesh Desai said that robotics is the future for urology. More than 100 delegates from India and abroad including Germany, USA, Japan, Netherlands, Nigeria participated. TNNThere are Nigeria, Singapore , Bangladesh , Nepal , Trinidad, Turkey , Sri Lanka and India. A large number of post graduate Urology students are also participating in the Symposium.Several robotic-assisted surgeries which were performed at MPUH were telecasted live worldwide through the website of Society International d' Urology for the first time. The surgeries were also seen in 3D by the delegates at the JPAC auditorium of MPUH. All aspects of laparoscopic and robotic-assisted surgeries, e.g. Indian and International experience, why should we change from laparoscopic to robotic, what is wrong with open surgery, effect of learning curve on the result of surgery etc were discussed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12204348", "title": "Son kills drunk father", "text": "GONDIA: A man killed his father after the latter allegedly indulged in drunken quarrels with the neighbours. Chandrakishore Sursawat (24) of Khodgaaon village under Tiroda tehsil killed Hariram Sursawat (60) on Thursday at 8pm.On Thursday evening, while playing Holi with his neighbours, Hariram had a fight with them. It took a serious turn when the neighbours beat Hariram. However, when he returned home at 8pm, his son Chandrakishore scolded him for picking up quarrels unnecessarily and also beat him with the stick, that led to the death of Hariram.Tiroda police registered an offence under section 302 IPC against Chandrakishore, Chotelal Nandardhane (60), Keshao Nandharne (50), Onkar Nandardhane (35) and Sanjay Nandhadhane (24). PI Madame is investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12203254", "title": "Jayalalithaa pens high-volt letter to PM", "text": "CHENNAI: The power situation in the state has reached a stage where no signs of improvement are likely for at least three months. On Friday, chief minister J Jayalalithaa wrote to the Centre requesting it to ease congestion in the power corridor.The Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) is already staring at a 4,000 MW demand and supply gap and there are fears it will increase in the days to come.But officials remain confident that things will get better from June when windmills are expected to come to the rescue. \"In the next three months, 1,700 MW will be available from Mettur, Vallur and North Chennai power plants. After the elections are over, we hope the Koodankulam plant will also be commissioned and we will get around 1,000 MW,\" said a source.Chief minister Jayalalithaa, however, doesn't appear as optimistic. In her letter to the Prime Minister, she said the Centre had been reminded of the problem of corridor congestion several times in vain.The state, she said, was reeling under an acute power shortage and major projects to be executed by Central undertakings like BHEL, Neyveli Lignite Corporation and the NTPC were inordinately delayed. \"To offset part of the deficit, Tamil Nadu is trying to procure power from other states. It has been fairly successful in finalizing contracts for a sizable quantum of power. However, the non-availability of a transmission corridor has deprived the state of receiving the contracted power,\" reads the letter.Of the 500 MW Tamil Nadu had sought from Gujarat, only 203 MW was being transmitted to the state, says the letter. The 727 MW of night power from Dadri Power Station (Uttar Pradesh) of NTPC was also curtailed. Another 1750 MW was being purchased from other states for March but the Central load dispatching authorities have released only 350 MW, it says. \"This has caused indescribable anguish in Tamil Nadu. The power deficit situation in Tamil Nadu has been aggravated by the prevailing corridor congestion,\" she says.She requested the PM to ensure that the required 1000 MW of power transmission lines is released to enable TN to receive power contracted by TNEB. On June 14 last year, Jayalalithaa submitted a memorandum to the PM seeking 1000 MW of additional power for a period of one year. Of this, 100 MW was recently allotted. \"This inaction and non-responsiveness to our repeated requests during this unprecedented power crisis only shows callousness and indifference on the part of the Centre,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204297", "title": "AIIMS students end strike after administration nod for some demands", "text": "NEW DELHI: MBBS students at AIIMS suspended their indefinite relay hunger strike late on Wednesday night, after the administration reportedly gave in to some of their demands.The student protests had erupted following the suicide of a first-year student, Anil Meena, on Saturday. Meena (22), who belonged to Baran district in Rajasthan, was found hanging in his hostel room.A UG students' union representative said, \"The administration has given written assurances partially agreeing to some of our demands, including providing free healthcare benefits to Anil's family.\"AIIMS authorities have constituted a panel comprising senior faculty to verify whether Meena's results had been prepared as per prescribed rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12203970", "title": "\u2018Toxic colour was dye for clothes\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The police probing the Dharavi colour poisoning case have found that the chemical powder used was dye for clothes. They have said the Dharavi case could be related to the Kurla one. The police on Thursday had thought that the colour powder used by the children who fell ill was a chemical used to tan leather.A source said the possibility of the substance being a dye was high since Shahu Nagar, Dharavi, had a large number of dyeing units. The police are carrying out searches at godowns and small industrial units in the vicinity where the dyeing work takes place. \"We are trying to find out if the units have licence or expertise to handle such chemicals,\" a police officer said.About the Dharavi and Kurla cases being interrelated, an officer said, \"A boy named Suman had apparently picked up some colours from Dharavi and played with children in Kurla.\" The boy is in Central Railway Hospital, Byculla. He had shared the colours with Vikas Valmiki, who died in Rajawadi hospital on Thursday night.The Dharavi police have registered offences under sections 337, 338, 324, 325 and 425 of the IPC (causing grievous hurt by an act endangering life and safety of others, voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons and mischief with an intention to cause hurt against unknown persons).A source said the police have identified three owners of two godowns, who could be held responsible for negligence in storing the dye. Last year, the BMC had shifted a few of the godowns to Deonar. But the owners did not clear the places in Dharavi, leaving behind gunny bags containing the dye.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12203174", "title": "Court orders arrest of merchant vessel Prabhu Daya", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Friday ordered the arrest of Prabhu Daya, the ship suspected to have collided with a fishing vessel off the Kerala coast on March 1, killing at least four fishermen. The ship, flying the Singapore flag, is now in the outer anchorage of Chennai port.Justice K B K Vasuki ordered the ship's arrest until further orders, after the trawler's owner Jacob Antony of Thangasseri in Kollam invoked the court's admiralty jurisdiction through his advocates S Vasudevan and John, seeking 1 crore as compensation for the trawler and its accessories. He wanted the court to order the arrest and sale of the vessel.Noting that the averments of Antony, besides the documents produced by him, revealed that his fishing trawler was destroyed due to an accident caused by the rash and negligent behaviour of Prabhu Daya, the judge said the vessel and its accessories should be arrested in order to safeguard the right and interest of the trawler owner.The trawler - MFV Don No.1 - was fishing in the Arabia Sea near Alappuzha district of Kerala on March 1, when the rogue ship 'travelling at high speed and being navigated rashly and negligently' dashed against the trawler, Antony's petition said.While the fishing vessel capsized and started to sink, all the seven crew members aboard the vessel were thrown into the sea. While bodies of four have already been retrieved, two are missing.Meanwhile, the ship's captain Gordon Charles Pereira and seaman Chauhan Mayur Virendra Kumar jointly filed anticipatory bail petitions in the high court, apprehending arrest. However, when the matter was taken up for hearing, the judge asked the captain to file a separate petition as Virendra Kumar had already been arrested.Denying involvement of his ship in the collision, Pereira said that his vessel was approximately 2.6 nautical miles away from the collision spot. He also stated that the surviving fishermen had mentioned that the ship that hit them was a tanker.Clarifying that his was a bulk carrier and not a tanker, the captain said investigating officials had ignored the presence of a tanker - MT Grade Victoria, flying the Panamian flag - which was present in the vicinity of the collision.Senior shipping officials on Friday found that the voyage data recorder (VDR) aboard the vessel Prabhu Daya has been corrupted. The officials said the data had been either erased by the vessel crew or got corrupted by mistake.\"We could not retrieve any data of vessel-boat collision or the crew missing. The captain has not revealed much during the investigation. The Coast Guard may bring the captain to the shore for further questioning,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12207717", "title": "Bidita, Shamaun in Sagar Ballary's short film", "text": "Sagar \"Bheja Fry\" Ballary is done with his Kolkata chapter. The filmmaker was here for nearly a month, having been invited by the students of SRFTI to help them with a 10-minute short film \"that is essential to their curriculum\". An ex-student of the institute himself, Sagar was more than ready to lend a helping hand.The director says, \"It was part of a workshop where the students got a first-hand experience of filmmaking from ideation and conceptualization to realization. I got my team from Mumbai to shoot this 10-minute short film, which is produced by SRFTI. It will be for internal use only, shown only to the students of the institute, a film institute film.\"\"Hence, the unit came up with \" The Gift\". \"It's an adaptation of Guy De Maupassant's story called The New Year's Gift. But we changed it to \"The Gift\",\" says Sagar and adds, \"The original is a very warm story about a woman who is in an extramarital relationship and comes to meet her lover only to find out whether he truly loves her or not. As opposed to the ending in the story, the students wanted a different ending citing that times have changed and so have the nature of relationships and pure love. So, in the film, we have an upcoming actor in a relationship with a heroine, who is married to a producer. She comes to him to find out about his love for her only to realize that he was lying.\"Interestingly, \"the sets and costumes\" cost nearly 3.5 lakhs. Ask him about his cast and Sagar says that Bidita and Shamaun have essayed the parts of the leads. \"Bidita's name was suggested by the students when I proposed that I wanted someone with a little experience before the camera. When I called up Bidita, she told me that she was keen on being a part of this project. In fact, she postponed a show to shoot this film. What's more, she also got her friends , Dev r Nil to do the costumes for us and even said that they won't charge a penny. The duo gave us outfits from their latest collection. It was so generous of them,\" Sagar fills in.As for the hero's part, they had a list of names. \"We zeroed in on Dhruv Mukherjee, Sumit Thakur and Shamaun. Finally, we settled for Shamaun, his Hindi is really good and he fit the bill too,\" continues the director, who got Goutam Basu as the art director. Camera was by Parikshit, who has been part of his earlier films too. \"I hope to rope in Suresh Pai to edit the project,\" Sagar signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204485", "title": "Chaos marks MCD\u2019s last meet", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the last meeting of the unified MCD House on Friday, the ruling BJP sanctioned 115 proposals related to promotion and recruitment of staff and development work in the city. With model code of conduct in place since March 5, Congress councillors protested against this move saying that it was aimed at \"gaining publicity\".The Delhi Election Commission will go through the list of proposals passed in Friday's meeting and give stop-work orders if the projects are found to be in violation of the code of conduct.Soon after the proposals were tabled, Congress councillors started shouting slogans to oppose the move. \"How can they approve proposals when mode code of conduct is in place? This is a cheap tactics to appease voters. They are just misusing their powers,'' said Ajit Singh Chaudhury, Congress councillors.But BJP councillors claim that a majority of the projects which were approved by the House were given in-anticipation approval by the mayor before the code of conduct became effective. \"The proposals have been tabled by the commissioner. We have just executed our duty. If there is any proposal which is in violation of the code of conduct then the commissioner has the power to stop the work,'' said Subhash Arya, leader of the MCD House.Proposals related to promotion and recruitment of MCD staff, approval for construction work of roads, drains, MCD school buildings, community centres, dispensaries and so on were given approval by ruling BJP amid protest by Congress councillors. MCD also cleared projects like naming of roads, installation of statues and interestingly, a special survey to \"prepare a vision document-2025 for MCD\". Several Congress councillors went to State Election Commission to register their protest.When contacted, Rakesh Mehta, Delhi Election Commissioner, said, \"We will examine the proposals which were passed by the House on Friday. But if projects were given in-anticipatory approval by the mayor before the code of conduct came into effect then the House can pass the projects now. We will still go through the list, and if there are some projects which will affect the election process then we will ask the MCD commissioner to put the work on hold.\"However, MCD officials say that most of the projects approved by the MCD can be implemented only after approval from newly formed corporations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12205265", "title": "Elephants too had a Holi day", "text": "JAIPUR: Thousands of foreign and domestic tourists participated in the elephant festival at the famous Rambagh Polo Ground in the city on Wednesday. The festival, organized by the department of tourism, was inaugurated by beating of traditional drums. It began with a spectacular procession in which as many as 90 elephants participated.Elephants were elegantly dressed like brides. The procession had in its midst cultural performances like Gair dance, Kalbeliya dance, Chang Dhap, Braj Ki Holi and Bum Rasia among others.Always held one day before Dhulandi, foreign tourists also played Holi by sprinkling colours on each other. The tourists also had a whale of a time participating in tug-of-war as well as the Matka race. The gulal fireworks as well as the band recitals also won the hearts of the visitors who thronged the polo ground.In the elephant decoration competition, Champakali won the first position while Shanti and Rani ranked second and third positions respectively. Laxmi was given the special mention on account of the jeans apparel.The tug-of-war competition was won by the Indian tourists against the foreign tourists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12205616", "title": "Kids get a world of their own in this toy library", "text": "COIMBATORE: The increasing number of toys in the market along with pestering children constantly clamoring for new ones, makes busy parents susceptible to spending way more than they can afford on these expensive distractions. Given this trend, a toy library has come as a welcome blessing to parents of the National Model Matriculation Higher Secondary School in Peelamedu.Depending on feedback, school authorities say they will make it accessible to children from other institutions too. Parents across the city are thrilled about this concept. The toy library will function like that of a regular library. Children can rent toys which they can take home to play. The toys must be returned after a stipulated period.Banumathi N, the chief coordinator of the primary section at the National Model School, said that the library will benefit students who are unable to buy expensive toys. Most toys will help stimulate the intellectual development of children. \"We follow the Montessori system. Students are taught to write only when they show interest. We have selected toys that will foster education,\" she said.The Montessori system is designed in such a way that kids first strengthen their finger muscles. \"Toys such as building blocks and linkers help children develop their finger muscles. This also facilitates good handwriting. Puzzles help them improve their IQ. The soft toys are just pure fun for children. Teddy bears are the favorite for all children,\" she said.R Baby the Principal of school says that this is an experiment and they are waiting to see how it will work out. \"We are hoping for some positive response from students. Simultaneously, we have deputed staff to take care of their hygiene. As of now, this facility is available only to LKG and UKG students. Later, we hope to expand it till class 5,\" she said. \"We have arranged for 1000 toys to start the library. It would be expanded based on its success,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12204690", "title": "What issues should the new government take up on a priority basis?", "text": "The main thing the new government has to do is scrap the Regional plan which the BJP has promised to do and take action against all those involved in illegal mining, which is destroying the state. To protect the environment, the government should clean the rivers, lakes and ponds that are highly polluted and resolve the garbage and sewage problem. Besides, the new government must set up the Lokayukta and control the large number of tourists who flood the state and congest the roads during the peak season inconveniencing the locals.Siddharth KarapurkarBusiness, NavelimThe government should give top priority to strengthen confidence among minorities who were blind supporters of the Congress and have now voted for the BJP. The government must provide a clean administration and take care of law and order on a priority basis. Above all, the politicians must not interfere with the functioning of the police. The government should also clear and take up all infrastructural projects for proper development of the state.Sayeed KadarBusiness, MargaoThe government should make Goa's greatest resources - our children and the environment - their top priority. For children, I would like to see a resolution of the medium of instruction issue, so that the education of children does not suffer any longer. For the environment, corrective action to end illegal mining and ensure alternate sustainable livelihood and development is crucial.Nandita de SouzaDirector, Sethu Centre, panjimFirstly, the government should declare war on corruption and keep control on rising prices of commodities like food and fuel and other basic necessities. Secondly, the government must provide jobs to unemployed youth across the state. The government must also lay great emphasis on developing the health sector by providing proper medical care to all. Last but not the least, the government must spend time and money on beautification of Goa.Kartavi MashelkarDoctor, Bicholim", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12208114", "title": "Sharran Kumar is looking forward to audience reaction", "text": "His flick, Pathirama Pathukkunga, released yesterday, and Sharran Kumar is looking forward to gauging audience reaction to it.\"Going by pre-release reports, we're sure that it'll be liked by the young and old alike,\" says the actor. Already, Sharran is working out a lot, literally, to get in shape for his next film, which is titled Essaki. \"I portray a role that spans many years in the film,\" he says, \"I am very fortunate to have earned the faith of directors in my acting abilities and do whatever it takes to satisfy them with the looks and performances they want.\" Well, let's see if this 'role play' clicks with the audiences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204510", "title": "Samajwadi Party to contest all 272 seats in civic polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Buoyed by its success in the UP Assembly polls, the Samajwadi Party has decided to field candidates in all 272 seats in the civic polls in the capital to be held in April.SP's Delhi unit president, Usha Yadav, said the decision was taken following the \"go ahead\" by party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav. \"We will contest in all 272 wards in the municipal polls. We have already held discussion with Mulayam Singhji about the polls and he told us to put in all the hardwork,\" she said.Elections to the three new corporations - North, South and East Delhi municipalities - will be held on April 15.In the 2009 general elections, the Samajwadi Party fielded candidates in all seven Lok Sabha seats, while it put up candidates in 38 constituencies during the Assembly polls in 2008. The party, however, drew a blank on both occasions.Usha Yadav said that following the victory in Uttar Pradesh, the support base of the party was increasing rapidly and workers were working with great enthusiasm. \"The supporters are upbeat after the party's victory in Uttar Pradesh. We are confident of doing well in the polls,\" said Yadav, also a member of the SP national executive.The SP will be the third party to field candidates in all 272 seats after the Congress and the BJP .This year's municipal polls are seen as the semi-final ahead of next year's Assembly elections in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12203276", "title": "Chennai youth get \u2018addicted\u2019 to cellphones", "text": "CHENNAI: When 19-year old Saritha Chandra, a civil engineering student in the city accidentally left behind her dual SIM phone at her friend's home, she was reduced to a state of panic.\"She kept calling me all through the day and night, fretting that she may have missed calls and messages because she didn't have her phone,\" said her friend, Aarti Reddy. \"Next morning, when she visited me to collect her phone, her relief was obvious. It was as if she had just found her long-lost child.\"Saritha is part of a growing number of people in the country who have nomophobia, an abbreviation of 'no mobile phone phobia', or an overwhelming fear of being out of cellphone contact. Nomophobia is characterized by physical symptoms like panic attacks, shortness of breath, dizziness and sweating.A growing dependence on cellphones for all types of wireless communication has led to a spurt in the incidence of what many experts say is a pathological condition.A study commissioned by SecurEnvoy in UK in February showed that two-thirds of the population in UK, especially youngsters, was terrified by the thought of their cellphones being taken away from them. Research is currently being done on nomophobia in India. Though conclusive numbers are yet to be released, psychiatrists say a large number of people in India report symptoms of the condition.\"There is an excessive dependence on mobile phones today,\" said Chennai-based psychiatrist Vijay Nagaswami. \"This has affected relationships and even become a cause of marital discord.\"According to R Thara, also a practising psychiatrist in the city, cellphone addiction as a complaint in at least 30% of all cases of marital discord. \"Couples often get to spend only a few hours together at home, and partners complain that when they do, their spouses are with the phone most of the time,\" she said. \"Work is just an excuse really. It is more of a pattern of behaviour.\"Spending all their waking hours on the phone means there is little time for interaction in a relationship. \"It is not uncommon today to see a couple dining in a restaurant with both husband and wife engrossed with their mobiles,\" said Dr Thara.Youngsters between the ages of 13 and 35 appear to be worst affected by nomophobia, research shows. In a study conducted in 2009 among 200 students at a medical college in Indore, 73% of the students said they kept their mobile phones with them at all times - even when they went to sleep. About 56% of them kept their cellphones close to their body so they could constantly feel in touch with the phone.A study conducted in 2004 by MACRO-India among teenagers in Mumbai reported that 58% of them had said they could not manage without their mobile phones for even a single day.Magdalene Jeyarathnam, director of Centre for Counselling, said she often came across many instances of children in their teens who are addicted to cellphones. \"From when they are around 13, many children spend all their waking hours on the phone,\" she said. \"In many cases, they begin texting immediately after school. If the parents try to confiscate the instrument, the children try to blackmail them. In one instance, even as the parents were scolding the child, he was texting away right under their noses.\"(Some names changed to protect identity.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "12211432", "title": "Three lynched on witchcraft charges in separate incidents", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Three persons, including an elderly couple, were lynched in separate incidents after being branded as practising \" witch craft\" in Lohardaga and Latehar districts, the police said.Sushil Oraon (50) and his 45-year-old wife Jhibi Oraon were beaten with lathis and then their throats were slit at Lawagai village in Lohardga district on Thursday night, Superintendent of Police Jitendra Kumar Singh told reporters in Lohardaga.Quoting villagers that the man and his wife were victims of superstition, Singh said twenty persons were being interrogated in connection with the incident.Oraon was a Pahan (village priest) for the last fifteen years.Both the SP and Lohardaga Deputy Commissioner Ratan Kumar visited the village during the day and took stock of the situation.\"The guilty will be punished,\" the officials told reporters.In a separate incident in neighbouring Latehar district, one Bhisriya Ganju was beaten to death on similar ground yesterday, the police said.Santosh Ganju and Sibu Ganju surrendered before the police, claiming responsibility for the murder, the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12213083", "title": "Free-Tibet slogans rent city air", "text": "GUWAHATI: \"Free Tibet\" slogans rented the air in Guwahati as Tibetans from different parts of the northeast gathered here on Saturday to commemorate the 53rd anniversary of their uprising against the Chinese army in Tibet.Amid chanting of Buddhist prayers at Dighalipukhri here, the Tibetans also paid homage to the 26 persons who died of self-immolation in Tibet since 2009.About 200 Tibetans from Meghalaya, Nagaland and Arunachal Pradesh took out a procession in the morning and a candlelight march in the evening here. Monks, women, children and senior citizens joined the procession displaying placards with messages like \"stop sufferings in Tibet\" and \"Tibet is burning UNO\".In the afternoon, the participants sang both Tibetan and Indian national anthems. Later Tibetan leaders read out the message of the prime minister of Tibetan government in exile Lobsang Sangay, who exhorted his fellow people across the world to make 2012 as the year of \"Lobbying for Tibet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12203198", "title": "CBI gets four days custody of DRI official for interrogation", "text": "CHENNAI: The CBI's Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) has been granted four days' custody of C Rajan, additional director-general, Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI), and his driver Murugesan, who were arrested on charges of accepting graft. T Ravindran, IX additional special judge for CBI cases, passed the order on Friday saying the duo would remain in custody from March 9 to 12. Officers were directed to produce both men in court on or before 5pm on March 12.The petition was filed by the additional superintendent of police, CBI, Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB), seeking custodial interrogation of Rajan and Murugesan for five days to obtain certain information which was within the \"exclusive knowledge of the accused\". This related to the transactions between them and Pudupet resident F Ubaidullah, who lodged the complaint with CBI-ACB leading to the duo's arrest, the files seized by the DRI and to confront the accused of reference to the documents collected by the investigating officer (IO) during the course of further investigation.Passing orders, the judge said the IO had made a valid case for seeking police custody. While granting police custody, he directed authorities to provide necessary food, shelter and medical assistance. The IO was also directed not to inflict any cruelty, both physical and mental, on the accused. The judge said that if needed, both men could take legal assistance and meet their respective lawyers between 4.30 and 5pm during police custody.Rajan was arrested on the night of March 6 for allegedly accepting a bribe of 2 lakh and an iPad from 'Superking' Myatzin, a Burmese national of Indian origin, to defreeze the latter's account and to not book Myatzin under the Conservation of Foreign Exchange and Prevention of Smuggling Activities (COFEPOSA) Act. The complaint said that while Rajan initially demanded Rs 10 lakh, he brought it down to 8 lakh subsequently. The official had instructed a man to hand over the money to his driver Murugesan, the complaint added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12205148", "title": "Price rise hits India's $1bn Oman fertiliser venture", "text": "NEW DELHI: A billion-dollar venture of public sector fertilizer co-operatives Iffco and Kribhco is bracing for a financial hit. The government's subsidy bill could rise by Rs 500 crore a year as public protests demanding political reforms and higher wages coupled with a drop in reserve estimates has forced the Oman government to jack up the rate before due date the price of gas supplied to India's only overseas urea plant as Muscat reopens gas supply contracts across the board.Top government sources said Oman has asked Omifco - Iffco and Kribhco's joint venture with Oman Oil Company - to pay $3 for each unit of gas against 77 cents it pays now, including a 27-cent transportation charge.The price revision was due only in July, 2015, under the 20-year gas supply pact. The transportation charge is to remain unchanged throughout the agreement's tenure. The plant was started in 2005 with an annual capacity to produce nearly two million tonne of urea and ammonia.The Oman government has made it clear that the new rate will be effective from January 1, though Omifco has been allowed to make provisional payments at old rates till March 31.\"They are unequivocal. They won't give any leeway after this date. The hike will affect the plant's viability unless the product prices set in off-take agreements too are revised. The matter is under discussion in the government,\" an official said.Omifco runs up a fuel bill of $39 million a year and may not be able to absorb the steep hike in gas price since it sells its products to India at pre-determined prices under long-term contracts. Besides, the company will have to start paying income tax to Oman authorities from 2016, and that could hit profitability.Supplies from Omifco make up for about a third of the 6-7 million tonne of fertilizers India imports a year. Urea imports from Omifco save about Rs 1,500 crore in subsidy bill since the $166 per tonne price in 2010-11 under long-term contract is lower than international rates that range between $333 per tonne and $500 a tonne.Ssources said higher gas prices would push up Omani urea cost by $60 per tonne and reduce the saving on subsidy by Rs 465 crore. The increased prices, however, would still be lower than international rates.But the odds would be against India if the government does not agree to a higher gas price. Oman could cut off gas and power supplies to the project, forcing India to import more fertilizers at higher cost from the open market.The Oman government's move has been sparked by a decline in its oil and gas reserves, forcing it to de-reserve gas supplies by half. Simultaneously, cost of gas production has also increased, pushing up electricity tariffs - gas fired plants being the main source of electricity. This has led to public protests in recent times against low-cost gas supplies to Omifco plant. Muscat is also facing public pressure for creating 50,000 new jobs and higher minimum wages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12205503", "title": "Uproar in Haryana assembly over Jat protest", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Around one-and-half dozen opposition MLAs were removed from the Haryana assembly forcibly on Friday after an uproar over the killing of a youth allegedly in police firing during the ongoing jat agitation. Later, they resorted to a protest dharna outside the assembly for about one-and-a-half hour.BJP leader Anil Vijh, who wanted a debate on the jat protest through his calling attention motion, resisted his ouster for almost five minutes before being led away out of the House. When the marshals were trying to take him out, INLD MLAs, led by former chief minister Om Prakash Chautala's elder son Ajay Chautala, came to his rescue. However, parliamentary affairs minister Randeep Singh Surjewala objecting to his conduct and demanded action against all those MLAs who were trying to intervene.Opposition as well the ruling Congress MLAs engaged in sloganeering. Holding the government responsible for the problem, INLD and BJP MLAs shouted 'Lathi goli ki sarkar nahi chalegi' (despot government won't be allowed to run). However, blaming INLD responsible for provoking castists sentiments, Congress MLAs raised slogans like 'Bhai chara bana rahega' (brotherhood would be maintained).After the ruckus that continued for 10 minutes, speaker Kuldeep Sharma stood up and declared he would not remain a mute spectator to the pandemonium. He announced the names of INLD MLAs, including younger son of Chautala, Abhay, be removed from the assembly.Meanwhile, minister Satpal Sangwan alleged that an opposition leader had telephoned the relatives of the deceased youth (Sandeep) not to remove his body from the railway track till they get orders from him. Congress MLAs denounced the episode, saying \"shame-shame\". Later, Sangwan alleged that Ajay had dared him and admitted that \"he (Ajay) had phoned (Sandeep's relatives)\". Two Congress MLAs Sampat Singh and Anand Singh Dangi corroborated Sangwan's allegations. However, Ajay repeatedly termed the accusations baseless and offered to set up a committee to probe the charges.After a heated one-and-a-half hour debate, Ajay led the remaining INLD MLAs out of the assembly after a resolution , moved by Surjewala against Chautala, was passed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12203740", "title": "India beats Pakistan in wresting shooter\u2019s custody", "text": "MUMBAI: The last minute efforts of the Mumbai crime branch officials and the prompt move by the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) yielded desired results with the Thai authorities assuring India to hand over Chhota Shakeel aide Muzakkir Mudassar alias Munna Jhingada though Pakistan had claimed his custody.Jhingada was arrested by the Thai police on charges of attempt to kill fugitive gangster Chhota Rajan in 2000. In the firing, Rajan escaped but his aide, Rohit Verma, was killed. Jhingada, with associates Rashid Malbari and Gurpeet Singh Bullar, was arrested and he was sent to jail for eight years.India and Pakistan had been at loggerheads over the gangster since 2011, when the authorities there applied to Thai officials, asking for Jhingada, who they claimed was a Pakistani. The officials even submitted allegedly forged papers, including a Pakistani passport.But to foil their attempt, Mumbai crime branch inspectors Shalini Sharma and Sudhir Dalvi on Wednesday left for Bangkok with papers to get his custody. \"MEA had told us to be ready with the documents as Jhingada's conviction will be over this week and he will be released,\" said Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime).According to a source, had India not sent their requisition, along with documents including Jhingada's background, finger prints, red corner notice and past criminal cases, on time, Thai police would have handed over his custody to Pakistan on March 9. But crime branch and MEA convinced Thai officials through the embassy that Jhingada was Indian and the papers produced by Pakistan were fake.A source said fugitive gangster Dawood Ibrahim might have been behind forging the documents as Jhingada had risked his life to kill Dawood rival Rajan. Allegedly at the behest of Dawood's lieutenant Chhota Shakeel, Jhingada went to Bangkok to kill Rajan. \"If he is deported to India, Rajan may kill him and Dawood does not want to be accused of not protecting his close aides. This is a blow to Dawood,\" said the source.Jhingada entered the underworld in 1997, when he came in contact with Shakeel aide Malbari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12203133", "title": "Three men arrested for laptop thefts on long-distance trains", "text": "MUMBAI: Three men were arrested by the Borivli GRP for stealing gadgets from commuters travelling in 3-tier air-conditioned coaches on long-distance trains. Accused Kalpesh Shah (28), Vikram Jain (35) and Vipul Jain (33) specifically targetted the Gujarat Mail and Lokshakti Express and looked for laptops stored in separate bags.Gujarat Mail commuter Tejan Patel (38) had installed a tracking software on his laptop, which the police used to trace the theft back to the gang. The GRP have recovered six laptops and 18gm gold from the accused, totally worth Rs 2.5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "12213358", "title": "Admission of students stalled after medical test", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A medical board headed by the civil surgeon of Ranchi has found 74 of the 75 girls selected for Class VI at Indira Gandhi Girls' Residential School here unfit for admission.Following the medical verification, admission of all the 74 girls was stalled. All the 75 students were, however, cleared by the Jharkhand Academic Council as fit for admission. The medical board, which conducted a physical examination of the students, declared them either over-aged or medically unfit.Following the medical board's report, a letter was sent by the principal to the state HRD department to seek the government's opinion in this regard, sources said. A spokesman for the school management told newsmen that so far the school had not received any instruction from the government.After seeking applications from the candidates, the school authorities had sent them to the JAC which conducted a written examination in August last year. As many as 150 girls qualified, of which 75 students belonging to the age group of 10 to 12 years were selected for admission after proper verification of documents.However, the medical board headed by the civil surgeon found that only one girl fitted the criteria of age and medical fitness.Parents of the girls in a memorandum to the government demanded a probe into the matter and conduct fresh medical examination.JAC chairperson Laxmi Singh said she had not received any information from the school about over-age of the students or any other medical ground which made the students unfit for admission. \"If there is some problem in date of birth, I will check all the papers once the council's office opens on Monday,\" she said describing this as a serious problem and the council would take necessary steps to check this type of fault.However, the civil surgeon could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12204981", "title": "Petition seeks CBI probe into murder of couple", "text": "MADURAI: A petition was filed in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court seeking a CBI inquiry into an incident in which a couple was shot dead in Kanyakumari district. The petitioner has alleged that due to political rivalry between the present minister and the erstwhile minister in the region, the police DSP forced him to give a statement against the personal assistant of the present minister.On November 10, 2011, Arumugam (50), working as an assistant in the Tamil Nadu forest department and his wife Easwari (45) were shot at by unidentified persons. In the petition, P Murugesan said that his sister's husband Arumugam, was a prime witness in an incident relating to the shooting of a cheetah in the forest area and smuggling of teak wood. A case was registered in the two incidents. The trial was scheduled to begin on November 12, 2011 for examining witnesses when his brother-in-law and his sister were killed by unknown persons.\"For several months there was no head way in the investigation. But all of a sudden, the DSP Colachael asked me to give a statement against one Sagayam, who is the personal assistant of the present forest minister,\" he alleged. Murugesan said that even after he refused to do so, Sagayam was arrested on February 17, on the basis of the statement given by one Mundakannau Mohan. It was said that due to some jewellery and property transaction, Sagayam engaged him to murder the couple.Murugesan further alleged that the DSP was trying to divert the case so that the real offenders go scot free. \"Since there is some political rivalry between the present minister and the erstwhile minister in the region, the DSP is trying to take the side of the erstwhile minister. In order to wreak vengeance they are roping his personal assistant into the case,\" he said.Having no faith in the local police, he made a representation to the home department and the chief minister's cell for transferring the case to the CBI, but it did not evoke any response. Hence he preferred the present petition. When the matter came up before Justice K K Sasidharan, the counsel for the petitioner sought to implead Sagayam in the case. The matter has been adjourned to next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12209784", "title": "Radhika Pandit catches a break", "text": "Radhika Pandit's been talking about her film Adhuri, with debutant Dhruva Sarja for well over a year.And the actor is finally relieved that the film is nearly done. \"\"We had the audio launch recently, which is a step in the right direction. One more song has to be picturized and then it will be a wrap for the film,\"\" says the actor, who was recently on a Singapore jaunt to shoot for the songs of her film Sagar, opposite Prajwal Devraj.\"\"Sagar is done with and we wound up Breaking News on my birthday, March 7, with the picturization of a song, Sundari Surasundari...,\"\" adds Radhika. Now that she has finished all her pending projects, is she a free bird and looking at taking a break? \"\"Well, I have always strived to do only one movie at a time, but some of my films got delayed for reasons best known to the makers, and then work just piled up and I had to juggle several films at the same time. I have only one film lined up, the Yograj Bhat directorial Drama. Shooting for that film starts soon and it will keep me away from home for about a month, as YB is looking at shooting in Mysore and Mandya.Drama, will see Radhika pair with rumoured offscreen flame Yash. \"\"There were some isolated reports about a link-up. I have nothing to say about those reports,\"\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12205251", "title": "Looking beyond the traditional goals", "text": "JAIPUR: Have you ever had the guts to consider a career beyond conventional boundaries of Science, Commerce and Arts streams? Going by the trend, students have become more inquisitive towards the new age professions. They are now daring to break the path, thanks to career counsellors, giving wings to their dreams. Not long ago, career counsellors were restricted to colleges and university students. One would never have imagined secondary class students discussing and debating on the different career opportunities with experts.It has become a reality with schools coming to the fore by shaping students' orientation towards the new age careers. Sawai Man Singh School of Jaipur does invite speakers from various professional fields to speak on new trends and opportunities. \"Such talk shows create curiosity among students and shape their thinking in that direction. We do not influence their choice but aware them on options,\" said Neera Mathur, principal, SMS school. \"Many schools are experimenting with subjects combinations to help students make a wider choice than the three conventional ones. Economics with science subjects and multimedia with commerce can offer better options. They feel that it helps in expanding the scope for students by keeping them in one base stream. Still most of the students opting arts are those who score less in Class X.However, there are exceptions and these exceptions are rapidly rising. Even students in the 90s bracket are now exploring sociology, geography and other humanities subjects. Schools felt the need of having career counsellors/guidance with the explosion of career opportunities. Lata Rawat, principal, Cambridge Court High School, believes that deciding career after Class X is very early for students. In many cases, students go with the choice set by parents rather than own choice as they lack conviction to convince parents.\"Here comes the role of counsellors and teachers who can make students aware on options best suited for them,\" said Rawat. She recounted on how a student of their school, Sneh Priya, had scored more the 90 and opted for commerce. After having cleared Common Proficiency Test, she secured admission in English literature at St Stephen's College. \"Such bold decisions can set an example for others. Her choice is most unlikely and unheard of,\" added Rawat. The language department at DPS Vidhyadhar Nagar enables students to organize talk-shows and radio shows to hone their skills and help them understanding the art of anchoring and oratorship besides video or radio jockey. \"We set up this department in order to make students aware on various opportunities related to communication,\" said Seema Bhatnagar, principal, Delhi Public School. Several schools are holding career fairs to educate students about \"newer\" options. DPS is holding such a fair next month. \"It is needless to say that there is a huge turnout in such fairs,\" said Seema Bhatnagar.Educational institutes have felt the need of having critical assessment when it comes to planning and decision-making as far as career is concerned. Be it higher studies or a career path, correct assessment at the right time is essential. When schools fail to fulfil the need of routine assessment, they tie-up with organizations working for bringing innovation in education and strengthening quality. Maharani Gayatri Devi (MGD) School has collaborated with Ahmedabad-based educational research company - Educational Initiatives (EI) -for bringing innovations in education. It has made significant contribution in bringing attention to assessments. \"Through the annual bench-mark test of ASSET and the diagnostic reports of our other products, we make the students and their parents aware of the strengths and weaknesses. This helps the students to identify the thrust areas,\" said Sridhar Rajagopalan, founder MD of EI. He added that as parents, they get to know the strengths of their child and they can groom their ward in the proper direction. Another tool which schools are banking upon is CBSE global aptitude test for Class X. It helps in choosing streams in Class XI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "karur", "code": "12204960", "title": "Karur police seize illicit liquor, 6 held", "text": "KARUR: In a surprise vehicle check, the Karur police seized 2,304 bottles of illicit liquor from a car and arrested five persons in Karur. Meanwhile, the Madurai police also arrested a proprietor of an outlet in connection with the case here on Friday.A police team comprising the ADSP P Rajan, inspector of police M Mahesh of Karur district and other policemen acted on a tip-off that the illicit liquor was being transported on Manapparai road on Thursday evening.Police intercepted a car and found 768 bottles of illicit liquor in it. Further investigation of C Sundar (23) of Madurai and A Karunanidhi (30) of Manapparai who were travelling in the carrevealed that the accused were taking the bottles to Trichy from Puthukkudi near Valanadu Kaikaatti where a small outlet was indulging in manufacturing the illicit liquor. Police rushed to the spot and searched the premises where they seized 1,344 bottles of liquor, 350 litres of spirit. and arrested C C Senthilkumar (36) of Anna Vasal, Pudhukottai and R Neelamani (34) of Puthukkudi. C Angusamy brother of Sundar and Senthilkumar was running the outlet. However, he was not there while the police search was on. Based on information, the Madurai police arrested him in Madurai.The accused also revealed that they kept some more bottles in a farm of P Manickam (48) in Maniakurichi. During the search, they found 192 bottles. and arrested Manickam.All of them were remanded to judicial custody. tnn According to the police, they had been indulging in the illegal business for the past four years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12203498", "title": "Telangana Political Joint Action Committee flays suspension of four employees", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telangana Political Joint Action Committee (TJAC) on Friday urged chief electoral officer Bhanwarlal to direct district collectors to withdraw suspension orders against four employees accused of campaigning in the ongoing byelections.TJAC chairman M Kodandaram, employees' JAC secretary-general V Srinivas Goud, TRS politburo member D Sravan and BJP's representative Ashok Kumar Yadav asked the CEO to ensure that rights of employees were not suppressed in the name of discipline.\"These employees have been suspended based on motivated media reports. It is unfortunate that government initiates action against employees on the basis of rumours and baseless reports,\" they rued.Those who have been suspended are: Adilabad district water management agency employee K Satyanarayana, senior assistant in Adilabad employment department S Ashok, senior assistant in Warangal PRI division Sadulla Prasad and a teacher Sudhakar Reddy of Mahbubnagar. It is also learnt that the government was contemplating suspending a school assistant, K Prakash, in Warangal, they said.Srinivas Goud warned of serious consequences if the suspensions were not revoked. \"Government employees are being harassed for no reason. All the four suspended employees are members of the employee JAC, which is not campaigning for any political party or any candidate. They have not even attended any meeting organised by any political party. None of them has said or done anything against the law. It may be noted that even TJAC is not involved in the elections. TJAC has been using elections to drum up support for Telangana state. There is nothing illegal about TJAC activity,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12209931", "title": "Asin, Abhishek opt out of Jha's next?", "text": "News that Asin and Abhishek Bachchan are a part of Prakash Jha's next has been doing the rounds since a while. However, sources close to the actors state otherwise.Apparently the actors were approached for Jha's movie but could not be a part of it as the dates were clashing with Rohit Shetty's Bol Bachchan. Both the actors are currently in the middle of a schedule for Shetty's movie which is slated to last until May.At the same time Prakash intends to start his movie from April which left the actors with no choice but to opt out of the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12206900", "title": "Five miscreants shoot two, including an army jawan", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Two persons, including an army jawan, were shot dead by a group of five assailants near COD Gate under Naini police station limits on Thursday. Police investigation has revealed that the assailants, who were on two motorcycles, had an altercation with the two victims near COD Gate over the issue of playing Holi. The scene took an ugly turn when the assailants shot them dead by a 0.315 bore countrymade pistol.Following the incident, the locals chased the assailants and caught one of them. The locals also set the two-wheeler of one of the accused on fire.Naini police station inspector told TOI that the deceased were identified as Chandan (21) and Rahul (22), both residents of Chakrana.He added that Chandan, an army jawan, was posted at Leh and had come to his native town on a leave. Rahul was pursuing his BSc from a city-based college.The inspector added that the assailants were roaming on two motor cycles and were in an inebriated condition. They were seen roaming near COD Road where they had an altercation with Chandan and Rahul over the issue of playing Holi.Police said that Chandan and Rahul were going to meet one of their friends and they were intercepted by these assailants.When the duo resisted, one of the assailants, identified as Roop Chandra alias Mohit Yadav, a resident of Naini, and one of his accomplices, took out their 0.315 bore countrymade pistol and shot Chandan and Rahul dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12206486", "title": "Biography touches bygone era", "text": "A book on Jassa Singh Ramgarhia's biographical work in English on the life of 18th century Sikh General, written by former PRO of GNDU VC, Prithipal Singh Kapur, was released at a glittering ceremony in Ramgarhia Girls College at Miller Ganj on Friday. Chief guest Jaspal Singh, vice chancellor, Punjabi University, Patiala, released the well-researched book that delves into a bygone era and comes up with interesting facts related to the life of the Maharaja.The distinguished guests shared their views on the life of Maharaja Ramgarhia and said he contributed immensely to the growth of the Sikh rule in Punjab after the brave Banda Singh Bahadur. On this occasion, a documentary film on the life of Maharaja Jassa Singh Ramgarhia by Ranjodh Singh, president, Ramgarhia Educational Council, was also released. He said it was an enlightening experience to get a peep into the life of the great revolutionary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12204879", "title": "New dimension: 3D \u2018avatars\u2019 of patients to let doctors test treatments", "text": "LONDON: Doctors in the UK are looking to build 3D computer 'avatars' of patients to test treatments before prescribing, a step that can revolutionize medical science. Doctors are taking the first steps towards a Google Earth style map of the human body, scientists said on Friday.A digital 3D replica of a patient would be created using their medical data to give an overall picture of their health.The 3D computer 'avatar' which would then allow doctors to test how different treatments would work on that person's body. The detailed simulation would warn of unwanted side-effects before they happen.Doctors are already piloting a model of a cerebral aneurysm which could assist clinicians in predicting how likely rupture would be and if treatment is necessary , the Daily Mail reported.Professor Alejandro Frangi of Sheffield University said, \"There is a lot of data about us in the healthcare system, but it is fragmented. I think the modelling framework gives us a mechanism , I like to see it as Google Earth, putting all of these layers of information together.\"The advance could also help predict the likelihood of bone fractures in patients with osteoporosis by producing a musculoskeletal model from bone density data.\"By developing models of complete organ systems, such as the cardiovascular system, we can help clinicians predict whether treating a constriction in one coronary artery, for example , might improve or worsen blood supply in other coronary arteries in patients with multiple lesions,\" Frangi said. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12204534", "title": "Satara joins poppy-farming dists Satara farmer held for cultivating poppy", "text": "PUNE: The Satara police conducted raids and confiscated 88 kg of poppy pods from Eksal village in Koregaon tehsil on Friday. Satara has become the fifth district in the state after Beed, Sangli, Pune and Osmanabad, where the police have unearthed illegal poppy cultivation.Inspector Ranjeet Desai attached to the Satara police, said, \"The police arrested a farmer, Dnyaneshwar Gulabrao Bhosale (30), who was cultivating poppy as intercrop with garlic, onion and sugarcane. His brother, Dattatreya, is on the run. The estimated price of the crop is Rs 1.76 lakh.\"The farmer cultivated the poppy as intercrop since its smell mixes with the smell of onion and garlic and becomes difficult to identify, Desai said.Bhosale was produced before court and remanded to police custody till March 12.The Osmanabad district police on Thursday had raided a farm and arrested a farmer, who was given police custody till March 12.Meanwhile, the Beed police have detained one more person from Nanded on the suspicious of his involvement in opium trafficking across the state borders, said Shrikant Dhiware, additional superintendent of police, Beed district.Shamrao Dighawkar, superintendent of police, said, \"A team is sent to Nanded city to find out whether poppy was traded widely in Nanded city. The information we have received points out to Nanded as many middlemen used to buy poppy from Parli (Beed) and Shirala (Sangli) and transport it to Nanded for further processing. We are yet to establish that purchased poppy was sent to Andhra Pradesh for making opium from it.\"Poppy cultivation is banned by the Union government, but allowed in Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh under the strict guidance of Union government.The Beed police have already arrested Satnam Singh from Nanded under the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substance Act, 1985 on March 5. Nanded is the only district in the state where restricted trade of opium is permitted by the state government.Collector of Nanded, Shrikar Pardeshi told TOI, \"The Sikh community said that they consume small amount of opium traditionally; hence state government, in 1972, has issued licenses for consumption and trading. Satnam Singh, who was arrested, does not hold either of the licences.\"Nanded is an important holy place for the Sikh and is famous for the Hazur Sahib Gurudwara. There are around 30,000 Sikhs in the city, which has a total population of six lakh, he said.Why Black MarketThe Union government issues licences every year for poppy cultivation in Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan, where buy-back rate ranges from Rs 1,500 to Rs 2,200 per kg. The pricing is linked to the quality of the produce. The crop is sold at Rs 10,000 per kg in black market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12207446", "title": "Budget 2012: House panel seeks cut in corporate tax exemptions", "text": "NEW DELHI: The parliamentary standing committee on finance has recommended raising the tax bar for companies and phasing out exemptions given to them rather than burdening the salaried class and the smaller tax payers. The panel was also of the view that the government should be cautious while strengthening the anti-Avoidance measures in the Direct Tax Code Bill to avoid litigations. However, the panel does not want government to alter the 30% corporation tax rate.\"It would be just and equitous to put in place a policy on exemptions, which would substantially reduce the percentage of tax foregone but at the same time encourage household savings, foster social security and is generally favourable to small tax payers,\" the committee said in its recommendations on DTC submitted on Friday.To plug loopholes in foreign-registered company avoiding tax on income earned out of their operations in India, the DTC had proposed to introduce Controlled Foreign Company provisions to provide that passive income earned by a foreign company, which is controlled directly or indirectly by a resident in India, and where such income is not distributed to shareholders resulting in deferral of taxes, shall be deemed to have been distributed. Consequently, it would be taxable in India.On phasing out exemptions, the committee noted that the revenue foregone in respect of corporate income tax during the 2009-10 increased to Rs 79,554 crore, while the same for personal income tax was Rs 40,929 crore. Revenue foregone on account of direct tax incentives /deduction given to export promotion schemes and others amounted to over Rs 30,000 crore during this period. If the aggregate exemptions in both direct and indirect taxes are taken into account, it works out to Rs 5,02,299 crore (in 2009-10 ), which is almost 80% of the total revenue collections, the panel observed.\"Such exemptions have been increasing, leaving an adverse impact upon revenue buoyancy. The committee would, therefore, recommend that while formulating the proposed DTC, the government should review the present regime of tax exemptions and deductions, which is obviously loaded in favour of companies and big tax payers at the expense of small tax payers and the salaried class,\" it said.\"Most of these exemptions have outlived their purpose,\" the panel noted in its observations, and added that the revenue thus retrieved may be utilized to fund government's developmental programme, particularly in agricultural sector. The committee asked the government to expedite the move towards a regime wherein tax exemptions are minimal and confined to exceptional cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12205167", "title": "India asks its neighbours to consider cooperative security", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pushing the notion of South Asian integration, India on Friday asked its neighbours to cooperate in combating security threats in the region. Addressing scholars and diplomats here, national security adviser (NSA), Shivshankar Menon said, \"Terrorism, maritime security and cyber security (all) require cooperative solutions.\"Inaugurating the third Asian Relations Conference, Menon reiterated his familiar theme on South Asia, \"We should not allow political differences to stop the processes of South Asian integration.\" This sub-region, he said, had \"more than its fair share of issues with insurgencies, radicalism, terrorism, and extremism. But none of these issues has prevented this from being one of the fastest growing sub-regions in the world in the last decade, and outperforming other sub-regions.\"Emerging from decades of distrust, South Asian nations were moving forward in the area of economic integration, mutual trade having increased substantially among the members. Bangladesh exports to India, he said, are expected to hit $1 billion later this year. But he said, the bigger question appeared to be, we may have got the economics right but will we get the politics right?Gently chiding the conventional official narrative in these countries, Menon said the apparent lack of progress on political/security tracks should not be attributed to \"lack of sincerity\". Instead, it should be recognized that all this has a long and tortured history and progress would necessarily be slow.The way forward, he said, could be one of the two -to address the hitherto intractable political and security issues head on. The other, better way, he said was to work on issues that were easier and more doable, gradually building the confidence to tackle the really difficult stuff.This has been the Indian line with neighbours like Pakistan, impatient to push the envelope on resolution of Kashmir. In a way, the Indian policy has worked in Pakistan to an extent - if India and Pakistan can trade with each other as normal neighbours, the space to work on the tough issues could become easier with time. With Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, India has now recorded significant successes. But here too, the low hanging fruit is being harvested first.\"The great advance we have made in the past decade is the common realization throughout the region that we need a peaceful environment to concentrate in what really matters - seeking to provide security and prosperity to our citizens,\" Menon said. The Indian Council of World Affairs and the Association of Asian Scholars organized the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204461", "title": "KMC principal hit by semester row", "text": "NEW DELHI: The principal of Kirori Mal College has been asked to keep away from all responsibilities till an inquiry is pending against him. Bhim Sen Singh has been asked to go on leave by the governing body of the college till an inquiry to ascertain his role in teachers' agitation to defy semesters is complete.A sword had been hanging over Singh's head since October 2010 when the varsity wrote to the governing body directing it to hold an inquiry into the allegations of 'insubordination and misconduct' by the principal.The latest decision was taken in a governing body meeting held on March 3. \"The governing body has decided to appoint a retired high court judge to inquire into the role of the principal during teachers' agitation during the introduction of semester system in the colleges. Also, large scale absenteeism was found in the college during a visit of the V-C and his team on January 2. Even the principal was not there,\" said governing body chairperson Baleshwar Rai.\"These were two issues due to which it was decided to launch an inquiry. The principal has been asked to proceed on leave during the period of inquiry,\" he added. Despite many attempts, Singh was unavailable for comment and his phone was switched off.Teachers in various colleges had gone on strike to protest against semesters during 2010-11 session. Following this, the dean of colleges had written to the governing body asking it to convene a meeting and consider setting up an inquiry. The principal was then asked to submit his reply in the matter.\"The principal gave his reply in a meeting on July 30 last year which was rejected unanimously...\" said J P Mahajan, faculty, department of commerce, KMC, and a member of governing body at that time. The resolution will now have to be approved by the university authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12213157", "title": "Arjun Munda seeks better budget deal", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda is making efforts to get maximum financial support for the state from the Union government in next week's railway and general budgets.Sources in the chief minister's secretariat said that Jharkhand has been ignored by the Centre both in terms of assistance of development of infrastructure and connectivity to other places by railways. \"We have been making efforts to convince the Union finance and railway ministries to give Jharkhand its due share. The chief minister was recently in Delhi for two days and met officials of the finance and railway ministries along with officials of the state, posted in Delhi, to make sure that Jharkhand gets proper attention in budget allocation and new railway projects,\" said a source.The railway and general budgets will be tabled in Parliament on March 14 and 16, respectively.Several projects of Central Coalfields Limited, a subsidiary of Coal India Limited , could not start because of lack of railway link for the proposed Magadh and Amrapali mines. The projects are waiting to see the light of the day for over five years because of absence of a railway link. The company also doesn't get required number of wagons for transportation of coal. Total production capacity of the two projects will be around 32 million tonnes per annum.Since the capacity of railways to handle iron ore is not adequate, most companies transport ore by road. Most of the roads in the Singhbhum-Kolhan division are in bad condition because of transportation of ore by road. The chief minister said that Jharkhand needs special attention in both railway and general budgets because its contribution - maximum for the growth of the country by providing raw material to steel and power companies. \"The Union government should take an impartial stand while allocating funds to Jharkhand for development of infrastructure and railway projects which has been neglected for years,\" said Munda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "12213244", "title": "Highway robbers arrested in Palamu, 13 vehicles seized", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Five members of an inter-state gang of highway robbers were arrested by Palamu police on Saturday. Police recovered two country-made pistols with four cartridges from them.Thirteen vehicles of Uttar Pradesh, including three jeeps, five SUVs, a three-wheeler, stolen by the criminals were also recovered.SP Palamu A T Mathew said the gang had links in Lucknow where its members sold the stolen vehicles. \"We are verifying the names of the criminals in Lucknow having links with the robbers here.\"The gang used to take away vehicles at gunpoint and sell the stolen vehicles with forged documents. It was a terror on the highway linking three states of Jharkhand , UP and Bihar. The arrested robbers have been identified as Ranjit Deswal, Kundan Gupta, Manoj Chandravanshi Punit Bhuiyan and Samir Ansari. All of them are in the age group of 25 to 30. Punit is from Latehar district, while the rest four are from Palamu district.Mathew said Ranjit, Kundan and Samir were habitual offenders. Samir has also served jail terms. Gupta is understood to be in touch with the criminal in Lucknow.Cimecon inaugurated: The three-day conference, Coal India Medical Conference (Cimecon), was inaugurated in Ranchi on Saturday by Coal India Limited (CIL) director (personnel) R Mohandas and Central Coalfields Limited chairman-cum-managing director Gopal Singh.Around 250 doctors from the eight subsidiary companies of CIL are participating in the conference. The participants will also present 35 research papers during the conference and based on the quality they will be awarded.Mohandas said that CIL is working to equip all the hospitals of the company with modern equipment. \"The best aspect of the conference will be that the experts will examine and also operate patients during the conference and show participating doctors who to handle complicated surgeries,\" said conference organizing secretary R R Sinha.Earlier in the day, the technical session of the conference was inaugurated by Dr Devi Shetty, who is also the chairman of Narayan Hrudayalaya Hospital. He delivered a lecture on innovation in healthcare development system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12203208", "title": "Metrowater lets pipe leak for two weeks", "text": "CHENNAI: The city is being scorched as summer approaches and drinking water is in short supply in several neighbourhoods, but the Chennai Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board ( CMWSSB) has not bothered to fix a pipeline on Anna Salai that has been leaking for more than two weeks.The leak is causing water to stagnate in nearby streets, but Metrowater officials say they are awaiting approval from the highways department for the road work needed to repair the damaged pipeline opposite Kamaraj Hall.Residents and shopkeepers say the pipe has been leaking every day from noon to 4pm, when water is supplied to the locality.When contacted, a senior Metrowater official said the board had been waiting for permission from the highways department all this time. \"We have finally received permission and the repair work will be completed by Saturday,\" the official said. The damaged pipeline will be replaced and there will not any wastage of water.\"Residents alleged that several complaints have been made to Metrowater but no action was taken to fix the problem. \"Water was been leaking onto the streets, creating puddles and putting people to inconvenience. The water was stagnates along pavements, affecting pedestrians,\" said Jagadhish, who lives on Babu Street off Anna Salai.Some people have been bringing buckets to collect water from the leaking pipe. Pavement dwellers in the vicinity use the water to bathe and wash their clothes. \"We know the value of water so do not want to let any go to waste,\" said one of the homeless people who use the water. \"We use this water to wash and bathe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204529", "title": "'Saboteur' Nishank snubbed by party", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP is considering to appoint Ajay Bhatt as the Leader of Opposition in Uttarakhand in what seems to be a snub to former CM Ramesh Pokhariyal Nishank, who is suspected of aborting the party's chances in the closely fought contest.According to sources, Nishank, despite being a former CM who won his seat, is likely to be passed over for the crucial political appointment.BJP sources in Delhi said that complaints have poured in from across the state about the role Nishank and his supporters played in Kotdwar, where outgoing CM B C Khanduri was the party's candidate, and several other constituencies.Ironically, although Khanduri is credited with having remarkably improved BJP's prospects after taking over from Nishank, and his Khanduri hai zaroori campaign revolved around his reputation for efficiency and honesty, he lost in his own constituency.Senior party leader Ajay Bhatt is emerging as the front-runner for the Leader of Opposition's post since other veterans like Prakash Pant, Trivendra Singh Rawat and Matbar Singh Kandari have all lost the elections. Bhatt is the senior most among the current crop of MLAs who used to be health minister. Bhatt was appointed a general secretary in the state unit after he lost in the 2007 assembly polls. One of the considerations for the party is also to have a Brahmin and a younger person for the post as the state party unit's chief Bishan Singh Chupal is a thakur, said party sources.The state unit has left it to the central leadership to decide on the Leader of Opposition. BJP will announce the name of the candidate after Congress forms the state government.With a spate of local-level elections to be held in the hill state till 2014, the BJP's state unit is unwilling to name any leader of its choice after the Nishank vs. Khanduri face-off to ensure that factional politics does not mar the party's chances further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12204623", "title": "Maharashtra loses its 7th tiger in 4 months", "text": "NAGPUR: Thursday was a bad day for wildlife. While a full-grown tiger was found dead inside the Tipeshwar Wildlife Sanctuary, 180 kms from here in Yavatmal district, a leopard undergoing treatment at Seminary Hills nursery in the city died in the evening.At a time when tiger population seemed to be reviving in Tipeshwar after a decade, death of suspected male tiger is disturbing. Maharashtra lost 7 tigers - 5 in Chandrapur district and two in Tipeshwar -since November 3 last year. Significantly, of the 13 tiger deaths recorded in India this year, four alone are from Maharashtra.On November 20, a full-grown male tiger from Tipeshwar was killed by poachers at Bodhbahatar village, 300 metres from the sanctuary. The tiger died after it got entangled in a wire trap which is presumed to have been laid for herbivores.The latest incident came to light when the severed tail of the tiger was spotted by assistant conservator of forests (ACF) Uttam Sawant while on special patrolling duty for Holi. An overpowering stench led his team to a secluded spot where they found the carcass of a tiger. The body had putrefied indicating death had occurred at least eight days ago but the field staff had failed to notice it. The tail seemed to have been bitten off by some other carnivore.In the other incident, the 3-year-old leopardess that was injured after being hit by a train near Sindewahi railway station on February 29 died while undergoing treatment at Seminary Hills on Thursday evening.Dr A G Bhandarkar, head of the pathology department, Nagpur Veterinary College, performed post-mortem on Friday morning. The body of the animal was taken to Sindewahi by the forest staff.The 148 sq km Tipeshwar sanctuary has three villages inside which cause disturbance to the wildlife. Besides, poor prey base has forced tigers to mostly depend on cattle as feed. \"In the past couple of months there have been reports of around 40-50 cattle kills around the sanctuary,\" said forest officials.\"It's a case of natural death. There is no foul play as all the body parts, including skin, are intact. Some porcupine quills had pierced into the tiger's neck. The nearby area was scanned but nothing suspicious was found,\" said GK Vashisht, the Pench ACF.Chief conservator of forests (CCF) &amp; field director A Ashraf too claimed it was a natural death as no vital part of the wildcat was missing. \"The exact cause of death will be confirmed only after the post-mortem report is received,\" he said.Naturalist Kundan Hate was present as the representative of National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA).The Death Count* November 3, 2011: Tigress electrocuted on a farm boundary in Mul-Saoli, Chandrapur* November 20, 2011: Tiger poached on the outskirts of Tipeshwar sanctuary, Yavatmal* December 18, 2011: Tigress falls in open well in Ratnapur, Brahmapuri forests, Chandrapur* January 23: Tiger poached via an electric trap laid for herbivores in Zaran area, Chandrapur* February 19, 2012: Tigress dies mysteriously in Lohara teak farm in the buffer of Tadoba* March 1: Body of tiger found in a decomposed state near Kitadi under Moharli range adjoining Tadoba* March 8: Tiger found dead in Tipeshwar sanctuary", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12208182", "title": "I want to be known as Partho's dad: Amole Gupte", "text": "Amole Gupte has kept the door open for his National Award-winning son. The proud dad says that he would much rather be known as Partho's father than as a celeb himselfFirst, all-round applause for your direction in \" Stanley Ka Dabba\", now a National Award for your son, Partho, for the same film. How does it feel?It couldn't be a bigger moment for me that my little boy will get to shake hands with the President. I am completely zoned. Believe it or not, but I was in a pathetic place when I got the news. I was on my way for a session at the Pune Film Institute the day before Holi. In the morning, I was like, 'Let me not go', but I had made a commitment and hence, stuck to it. As I was nearing Pune, my friend, Udita, called up to congratulate me. I thought she was watching one of these shows where Partho has won accolades. I even asked her, 'Which show are you talking about?'. She told me, 'I am watching the news and your son has won the National Award'. Neither (wife) Deepa nor Partho was aware of it. I told the guy driving the car to stop for two minutes, to catch my racing pulse and also to get a better network to break the news back home. It has been a tumble since then.How did Partho react to the news?He is 11 now. He is all fuzzy, like a nervous ball. He kept saying, 'National, National Award?' The first thing he felt was if the \" Chillar Party\" kids got it, why not the ones in \"Stanley Ka Dabba\"? Were they not good enough, he kept saying.What about celebrations at home?Can you believe it, I was the only person who was not at home. Partho's two cousins, Sourav and Moina and, of course, Deepa were there. I watched him on television, where they kept flashing his name as Partho Bhatia, which is my wife's surname. I felt so proud. What a way to celebrate International Women's Day! We however, had a great Holi together.How are things back at his school?He has gone to his school today (Friday) and I'll be meeting him post-three. But yes, he has received congratulatory messages from his principal and vice-principal, not to mention his countless friends.As a father, how do you keep Partho grounded?We do this five-minute concentration exercise to detoxify him. It's important to stay grounded, not lose touch with your real self. That apart he has seen his father go up there for \"Kaminey\" and \"Taare Zameen Par\". I drop him to school, I cook for him, I paint, I write. His mother is the most sought-after editor in Bollywood . Amongst the three of us, we are talking arts in the family. He is the third buddy.And when did you realize that this 'buddy' has it in him to be an actor?Partho was all of four years and four months when \"TZP\" happened. He was the cue master at the rehearsals. Fact is, I never wanted Sachet (Engineer) and Darsheel to rehearse together. Then where will be the surprise before the camera? Partho used to slip into the role of Ishan when I was rehearsing with Sachet, he used to be Rajan Damodran when Darsheel was there. I then realized that his calling lies here. Also, he always comes home with the best prize in elocution, or theatre, he is good at extra-curricular activities. He is an A+ student. I am not saying this because he is my son but it's also not fair that I don't give him the credit he deserves. I am treating him as an individual and now it's for the world to see his talent.What was he like on the sets of \"Stanley Ka Dabba\"?I am Amole Frog for the children. Whenever I was on the sets, they kept saying, 'Frogie aa gaya'. That ways I'm less daunting for them. I look ferocious otherwise (laughs). And Partho? He was all over me. He scolded me much more than I scolded him. He keeps telling me, 'Dad, grow up yaar', which I think I should (laughs).How do you strike a balance between Partho the son and Partho the actor?Come hail, come storm, 2.30 pm every Saturday, we are with our brothers and sisters at a friendly workshop. We earlier used to do it with physically and mentally challenged children. Now we are doing it with financially challenged kids. We are in a way bonding as a family. We start off with a meal knowing fully well that some among them might be attending it on an empty stomach. This interaction keeps Partho grounded. He wants to be there because he knows that on a Saturday, it is better than staying back at home. He gets to meet other children, the robust and rustic kinds. He likes this aspect in them.Surely, you now like to be known as Partho Gupte's dad? Oh yes. I want to be known as his dad rather than me being known as a celeb myself.Which side of you do Partho prefer?I think, at this time I can share a secret. When he saw \"Ratatouille\", he was like, 'What's this thing about mother's food? In my case, it will be your food'. That was the biggest satisfaction I had. In fact, why just me, it is a satisfaction we both have.How do the two of you bond?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12207584", "title": "Imran Khan joins Akshay Kumar in OUATIM 2", "text": "The sequel to 'Once Upon A Time in Mumbaai' will have Imran Khan in the parallel lead.When it was announced that Akshay Kumar had been signed up for the sequel of Balaji's Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai, there was major excitement and curiosity about the unexpected choice of actor. The announcement was followed by months of speculation around who was going to play the parallel lead.The industry's most widely speculated casting has been revealed. The makers have confirmed Imran Khan, who, with this one, bags a heavy-duty addition to his kitty of films.Riding high after a string of consecutive hits like Delhi Belly, Mere Brother Ki Dulhan and Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu, Imran will make his first foray into a franchise product with the mammoth sequel.According to trade sources, the film's formidable and unconventional casting has made it among the biggest and most keenly anticipated industry features.Says director Milan Luthria, \"The uniqueness of pairing Ajay Devgn and Emraan Hashmi in the original made people sit up and applaud. By casting Akshay and Imran together for the first time, we've pulled off the casting coup of the year. Both the stars are diverse in their appeal, style and presence. Just like Akshay, Imran was electrified by the script that Rajat (Aroraa) and I have worked on!\"According to producer Ekta Kapoor , \"We couldn't have asked for a better actor than Imran to play Aslam. Not only does he fit the role to the tee but also enjoys an unprecedented fan following as a star. We welcome him to Balaji and look forward to working with him on the second edition of our franchise.\"The high-romance action-drama goes into production in July and releases early next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "12208945", "title": "Now, a new way to beat depression", "text": "MELBOURNE: Scientists have come up with a new way to beat depression -- they say stimulating the brain with a weak electrical current can effectively treat the condition which could also benefit the body and mind.A team, led by the University of New South Wales, says that it found up to half of depressed participants experienced substantial improvements after receiving the treatment in their research, the 'British Journal of Psychiatry' reported.A non-invasive form of brain stimulation, tDCS passes a weak depolarising electrical current into the front of the brain through electrodes on the scalp. Patients remain awake and alert during the procedure.\"We are excited about these results. This is the largest randomised controlled trial of transcranial direct current stimulation ever undertaken and, while the results need to be replicated, they confirm previous reports of significant antidepressant effects,\" said team leader Prof Colleen Loo.In their experiment, the scientists analysed 64 depressed participants who had not benefited from at least two other depression treatments receive active or sham tDCS for 20 minutes every day for up to six weeks.\"Most of the people who went into this trial had tried at least two other antidepressant treatments and got nowhere. So the results are far more significant than they might initially appear -- we weren't dealing with people who were easy to treat,\" Prof Loo said.Significantly, results after six weeks were better than at three weeks, suggesting the treatment is best applied over an extended period. Participants who improved during the trial were offered follow up weekly 'booster' treatments, with about 85 percent showing no relapse after three months.\"These results demonstrate that multiple tDCS sessions are safe and not associated with any adverse cognitive outcomes over time,\" Prof Loo said in a release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12204757", "title": "Let's hand it to the hands-on new CM", "text": "PANAJI: The chief minister's office at the assembly complex in Porvorim is only a floor away from the leader of opposition's cabin. It takes less than a minute to get there, but Manohar Parrikar was made to wait for seven years to traverse the distance.Parrikar has been patient all along, knowing, one day, he will surely get there, and on the day he finally completed the journey, it showed just how life has come a full circle for one of Goa's most astute, and now feared, politicians.\"Wake the policeman up and get the things done. He is sleeping there,\" Parrikar, annointed chief minister of the state for the third time on Friday, told his office staff, wondering how party volunteers would get passes for Friday evening's biggest show: not Vidya Balan's 'Kahaani' screening at Inox, but Parrikar's swearing-in at the sprawling Campal ground.On his first day in charge of the state, Parrikar doesn't hide the fact that he means business. Whether it's rattling dates for the next assembly session, instilling fear into the heart of faltering policemen -- admirably, he even calls out his number by heart -- or delivering on the promise which helped him and his party obtain an absolute majority, a touch of Parrikar is omnipresent.\"Fax this letter first and then ensure there is a personal delivery,\" he tells his trusted aide, who perhaps knowing how his boss functions needs no further telling. When a few letters are shown and Parrikar is done running a check, he catches, through the corner of his eye, an unmindful journalist taking notes of what is ostensibly supposed to be friendly but \"off-the-record\" talk.Of course, that note is immediately scratched and dictaphones turned off, but there is plenty to note again as the chief minister bares his heart out to TOI.The chief minister speaks dispassionately and clearly. He minces no words when warning bureaucrats and officers not to indulge in corruption, but shows his forgiving self with an assurance that he is willing to forgive and forget what has happened in the past.With a few hours to go for the eagerly-anticipated swearing in, it's no surprise that Parrikar is a man in a hurry and cannot spend more time on freewheeling talks. \"Join me in my car,\" he tells all of us as he makes his way out of the cabin and walks towards his freshly-washed but seemingly old car. Of course, the invitation is politely turned down. After all, in a short time, Parrikar, clearly the man of the moment, had said enough. Such a hands-on approach will be good news for all Goans, except if you happen to be a bungling officer, corrupt bureaucrat or the top policemen who sleep when Parrikar is working.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12204850", "title": "Rush to fill mayoral nomination forms", "text": "NASHIK: The last day for filling up nomination forms for the post of mayor and deputy mayor saw aspirants rushing to the municipal secretary's office at the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Friday, when front-runners from all political formations filed nomination papers.The forms for the post of mayor and deputy mayor were available at the municipal secretary's office from March 5. Aspirants for the posts began collecting the forms only from March 7, when six forms for each post were taken. March 8 being a holiday on occasion of Holi, the NMC saw aspiring candidates rushing to the municipal secretary's office from morning till 2pm on Friday.Prominent corporators from all the parties filled up the forms for the coveted posts of the mayor and deputy mayor. Eighteen forms for the mayoral post and fourteen for the deputy mayor's post have been submitted between March 7 and 9.From the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), Yatin Wagh is the most likely candidate to be announced for the mayoral post. Apart from Wagh, Shashikant Jadhav (MNS) has also filed his papers. Other important leaders in the fray who stand a chance to be fielded by their respective parties are Shahu Khaire from the Congress, Shivaji Chumble from the NCP, Gurmeet Bagga (leader of independent candidates) and former deputy mayor Ajay Boraste from the Shiv Sena.For the post of deputy mayor, Ashok Murtadak from the MNS, Dinkar Patil from the Congress and Gurmeet Bagga (independent) are strong candidates. Satish Kulkarni from the BJP has also submitted his application for the post. No one from the BJP has, however, filled up the application form for the mayoral post.Expressing hope for an alliance with the saffron parties, MLA Vasant Gite said that in Thane, the MNS has supported the Shiv Sena and that in the last civic polls, the MNS remained in the opposition, because of which the saffron alliance formed the majority in the municipal corporation. \"We are going to Mumbai to meet our party chief. Let us see what we can do about forming an alliance in Nashik,\" he said. Shiv Sena MLA Arvind Sawant said all parties are trying to form an alliance or are lobbying for the mayor's and deputy mayor's posts because every party wants to field the mayor this time. \"We are also aiming for the same,\" he said.The picture will be clear only on March 15 as to who the first citizen of Nashik and his or her deputy would be, as that is when elections for the posts and withdrawals will take place. Most party bigwigs have refused to reveal the names of prospective candidates till then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12209245", "title": "Vidya Balan\u2019s husband finally revealed", "text": "The mystery of Vidya Balan's 'missing' husband in 'Kahaani' has finally been solved.The Bengali actor who plays her husband is Abir Chatterjee. A popular television and film actor, Abir's parents are noted theatre personalities Phalguni and Rumki Chatterjee.Dividing his time between theatre and cinema,with some prominent television appearances also thrown in Abir actually stumbled on to the small but very significant role of Vidya's husband in the movie by chance.Says a source close to the project, \"Director Sujoy Ghosh wanted someone with an inherently kind personality to play Vidya's missing husband. And since 'Kahaani' is a suspense thriller Abir's stint as the legendary detective Bhyomkesh Bakshi in Anjan Datta's Bengali film 'Adim Ripu' helped him bag the role of the mysteriously disappeared husband in 'Kahaani'.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204465", "title": "Spadework starts for next presidential polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: With it becoming clear than no one political formation can dictate the next presidential poll, sounding out exercises have begun.The presidential election is still some time away as it is due only in July, but the long political season has begun with the conclusion of a significant round of assembly polls. The stunning victory of Samajwadi Party in UP and NDA wins in Punjab and Goa have only heightened the fractured nature of the political scenario in the states and the Centre.With the next president needing the support of political coalitions, the networking has begun as the possibility of a minority or dalit candidate who would enjoy backing across partylines is being actively discussed. This has seen non-Congress and non-BJP CMs being sounded out.There are indications that sympathizers of vice-president Hamid Ansari are linked to the subedars who will corner a large chunk of the electoral college, although Ansari lost the goodwill of a significant section of the Opposition after his conduct as the chairman of Rajya Sabha during the tussle over the Lokpal bill. His supporters feel that he could still be an attractive proposition for the secular bloc outside Congress. He may also find Congress's favour. Ansari's name has been doing the rounds for a while now.It is not clear whether Ansari authorized any such outreach, but the possibility of a Muslim candidate has gained ground in the light of the ascendance of leaders like SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee . Both can be expected to be key players in the presidential election.The government is aware that it cannot have the sole say in the next president and can hope that the vice-president will be an acceptable figure with even BJP finding it hard to oppose him beyond a point. There are other names in circulation as well such as power minister Sushil Kumar Shinde and Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar . But their candidatures have not proceeded beyond speculation.In 2007, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's name had found the support of the Left and the leader himself was not averse to moving to the Rashtrapati Bhawan. But Congress did not find the proposal worth considering as Mukherjee was firmly established as a key trouble-shooter for the ruling coalition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12209114", "title": "Aiming High", "text": "The higher secondary examination is just knocking at the doors. Obviously students are at their best phase of preparation. Hopefully, they have already revised their class XII syllabus at least twice; if not, they should make sure they do so. It is also important that they write out what they learn.Test Talk When preparing for a written exam, students should keep track of the time allotted to answer each question. The answer of every question has definite mark/ marks and so has a definite time span. The extra 15 minutes given for reading the question paper should be properly used. Selection of question is very important. One should choose those questions which are more objective in nature rather than the subjective ones. For every question, there are generally few sub-questions. Sub-questions must be answered together. Rough work should be done along the side.Double Check Students should not forget to write their name and roll number on their answer scripts. Before submitting the script, it is necessary to check twice whether all the questions are answered accordingly.Study Right Suggestive preparation may not work in the exam. Go through all the details and fundamental concepts. Students may put less stress on those contents which were covered in last year's question papers. But repetition cannot be ruled out. Now is the time to write down more than read. Students should try to answer a full paper, preferably previous year's questions each day.Subject Wise Students need to prepare their daily routine in such a way that in every alternate day they will be able to read and write a subject. If they go through three subjects on one day, the other three should be saved for the next day.Body Balance A sound sleep for at least six hours a day is important. A light exercise or play for one hour in the afternoon is also beneficial. It will help them to keep their body system in perfect shape. Light food at regular intervals along with sufficient water intake will also help. This is the season for developing chicken pox. If infected, then consulting the doctor for any antidote and asking the centre supervisor for a sick bed is advisable rather than hiding it.Essential Items Before going to the exam hall students must keep their admit card and registration certificates in a single transparent cover, so that they can see both without having to take them out. It is better to have a clip-board, preferably made of plastic and not carry any calculator, mobile or other electronic gadgets. These are simply not allowed. Students should not forget to put their signature in a short form on the attendance-cum-signature roll every day on the specific subject column. On the first day, an additional full signature will be required. Paying attention to any last time suggestion or rumours should not be encouraged.Hearty Wishes Lastly this is not their first or last exam. They should take it sportingly. Life is not so small to be measured in terms of marks obtained. The whole world is waiting for them so that they can conquer all.Minu Budhia, student counsellor, JD Birla Business College and St Xavier's College, KolkataMany Indian parents put extreme pressure on their wards to excel academically, ignoring their children's natural dispositions and emotional health. The dire negative consequences of such overbearing parenting, which are destructive to the parent-child relationship, far outweigh the perceived benefits, which are often non-existent. The emotionally happiest youth, I know, have good relationships with their parents. These children are able to get far ahead academically due to their own intellect, motivation, and determination, of course with loving encouragement from their parents. If parents restrict their children's development only to their scores, they are undermining the holistic development of their children.Soon careers like DJing, animation, tattoo making and artistry will gain more ground among the youth, who are willing to take risks now more than ever. The exact score achieved in the board exam shouldn't be taken as an ultimate indicator. Judging a child by her EQ is far better and helps in the making of a mature, responsible and rational individual who can solve problems in the professional world.Jaita De Mullick, consultant psychologist, Don Bosco, Liluah, KolkataExam time is challenging but it should not hamper optimal performance. For students, it is necessary that they do not evaluate themselves negatively. They can tell themselves that these thoughts are due to stress which is not necessarily bad. It acts as a motivator helping one to perform better. Lack of concentration is mainly due to too much expectation from oneself. Students need to be told that missing out a line while trying to recall memorised chapters is ok. They just need to represent the idea and not each and every word in the text.Also, comparison is a great deterrent which does not allow confident performances. Students should remember that their competition is with themselves and they should try to improve their own performance. Parents too need to take care not to indulge in unjust comparison and praise their children in public whereas punish them in private. They should be able to boost their children's self esteem and guide them instead of stressing them out. It is of utmost importance that parents trust their children when they say they are done with their studies.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12204442", "title": "Funds for Pune airport in state budget: Kalmadi", "text": "PUNE: The state government is likely to make a substantial financial provision in the forthcoming budget 2012-13 for the proposed international airport project at Rajgurunagar near Chakan, said city MP Suresh Kalmadi here on Friday.\"I have spoken to the chief minister and the deputy chief minister and they have assured me of making appropriate provision for the airport project in the budget. The government needs the money on priority for acquisition of land for the project,\" he told reporters following the Pune Airport Advisory Committee (AAC) meeting.The AAC, which is a statutory body, set up by the ministry of civil aviation to monitor the airport's progress, met after a gap of more than two years.Kalmadi said the Lohegaon airport has to be developed as a stand by to the Mumbai airport. The civil enclave is part of the Indian Air Force's fighter base at Lohegaon.Earlier, the long-pending projects of runway extension and installation of an instrument landing system (ILS) besides relaxation in the restrictions on civilian flight operations, dominated the discussions. \"It is quite sad that the Pune airport still does not have an ILS facility,\" said Kalmadi.\"The IAF has been promising us for quite some time that the ILS will be installed, but it is unfortunate that the equipment is not in place. Extension of the runway and ILS are the two biggest requirements, which will bring relief to the Pune airport,\" he said, while assuring that he will take up the issue with the ministries of defence and civil aviation soon. The IAF was not represented by any official at the meeting.\"A lot of work has been done but much is left to be done,\" said Kalmadi while referring to airport director PSRK Sudhakar's presentation made on the development projects executed at the airport in the last one year.The runway extension work and restrictions on civilian flight operations were mentioned by Sudhakar as some of the key constraints being faced by the airport. Mahratta Chamber of Commerce Industries and Agriculture vice-president S K Jain cited his recent interaction with the IAF officials and said that latter have plans to execute the ILS installation simultaneously with the runway extension works.Jet airways station manager Sandeep Pandit suggested that the ILS installation ought to be taken up on priority without waiting for the runway extension projects considering the landing and take-off difficulties faced by the airlines during monsoon and winter seasons.It has been a year since the IAF got possession of the 20 acre land from the district collector's office for the runway extension project. There are no signs yet about commencement of the project.The project is critical to operating wide-bodied passenger aircraft like Airbus A340s and Boeing 747s, which have the capacity to carry more number of passengers compared to the short-winged Airbus 319s and 320s and Boeing 737-800s that are currently in operation from the airport. Short-winged aircraft have the capacity to carry between 120 and 180 passengers. \"The existing length of the airport runway is 8,300 feet and the same is proposed to be extended by 2,200 feet and beyond in a phased manner by the IAF,\" Sudhakar said during his presentation.He pointed out, \"For almost six hours - 8 am to 10.30 am and 7.30 to 10.30 pm every day - the passenger flights cannot operate from the airport and this often results in bunching of aircraft i.e. successive arrivals within a short span of time, which poses difficulty in terms of handling and turnaround. For instance, there are 13 arrivals in the evening between 9 pm and 10.30 pm.\"Representatives of airlines have voiced their concern over the evening time three-hour undeclared restrictions on civilian flights, which eat into the possibility of exploiting peak time slots for passenger flights. They have called for a fair reduction in these restriction hours.Air India station manager Dhairyasheel Vandekar drew attention towards the security concerns at the existing cargo handling facility at the airport and called for steps to cordon-off and shelter the facility to check access to unauthorised persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12203545", "title": "Justice system takes a beating, lawyers refuse to attend courts", "text": "BANGALORE: The criminal justice system has virtually collapsed, with lawyers refusing to attend courts. Metropolitan magistrate courts on Nrupathunga Road have come to a standstill since Monday, but luckily those in Mayo Hall are unaffected.Offenders accused in petty cases haven't been produced in court, while those produced before magistrates at their residences have been sent to jail with no advocates representing them and moving bail applications. Offenders already in police or judicial custody have been unable to move the court for bail.\"We haven't taken any action in fresh petty cases as we have to produce those arrested in court,\" a police officer told TOI. \"Bail is not being granted even in bailable cases for lack of representation for the accused,\" he explained.Police officers, too, are going slow on investigations. \"We don't want to sent any arrested person straight to jail just because there's nobody to represent him before the magistrate,\" another police officer said.Police are abstaining from appearing in courts. Warrants are being issued in lower courts for non-appearance of accused in criminal cases. But there's no way police can collect these warrants and execute them. \"These are offenders, accused persons and criminals on bail. They are going scot-free because no warrants are being served. All processes like examination, cross-examination and recalling of warrants have ground to a halt,\" said a lawyer on condition of anonymity.\"In some police stations, no cases have been registered. We're bound to submit a copy of the first information report registered in a jurisdictional court. But we're unable to do it as we're not going to the courts,\" another police officer said.Not many arrestsFour persons arrested in a kidnapping case in Peenya and a cheat held for running a money-doubling racket by Nandini Layout police are among the few arrests police stations coming under the Nrupatunga Road magistrate courts* Complainants' kin protest: A dispute between two neighbours turned ugly as one family lodged a complaint against the other in SJ Park police limits. The police were reluctant to arrest the accused as they didn't want to complicate things. But the complainant's family staged a protest on Thursday at the SJ Park police station. Police eventually arrested two people and sent them to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12205216", "title": "Antony presides over defence preparedness talks", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Friday held a high-level meeting to review defence preparedness with special focus on Pakistan and China as well as the internal security situation in Jammu and Kashmir and the north-east.Chaired by defence minister A K Antony, the hour-long meeting was attended by national security adviser Shiv Shankar Menon, defence secretary Shashikant Sharma and the three Service chiefs, Air Chief Marshal N A K Browne, Admiral Nirmal Verma and General V K Singh, among others.The security review came in the backdrop of a general slowdown in several military modernization projects, especially the ones connected to the 1.13-million strong Army. This when China has just announced a major 11.2% hike in its annual military spending, taking its officially declared defence budget to $110 billion, which is triple than India.As first reported by TOI, the Army has painted a grim picture in its 11th Plan (2007-2012) review, pointing at operational gaps in fields ranging from artillery, aviation, air defence and night-fighting to ATGMs (anti-tank guided missiles), PGMs (precision guided munitions) and specialized tank and rifle ammunition.The Army has declared it will need around Rs 41,000 crore just to make up its existing ``critical hollowness'' in ammunition and equipment. Given this, it will take several years for the force to reach 100% operational capability.Though Navy and IAF are better placed, they too have their share of problems. The government, for instance, is yet to approve the long-pending Rs 13,000 crore expansion of the strategic Karwar naval base in coastal Karnataka.After completion of this proposed Phase-IIA, the Navy will be able to base 27 major warships at Karwar. After Phase-I, completed at a cost of Rs 2,629 crore, 11 warships and 10 yardcraft can as of now be based there.With Navy moving towards operating two carrier battle groups centred around 44,570-tonne INS Vikramaditya (the refurbished Admiral Gorshkov) and 40,000-tonne indigenous aircraft carrier by 2015, the Karwar base is critical for its blue-water operations in the Indian Ocean and beyond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12202933", "title": "Holi pichkaris give way to paintball guns", "text": "NOIDA: Holi enthusiasts have gone a step ahead to make the festival more exciting and colourful. The traditional method of playing Holi with pickharis took a back seat for many as they thronged paintball gaming arenas to participate in the adrenalin filled sport. The gaming arenas went a step further offering the enthusiasts a special account.Organizers said that with increasing health-related issues due to chemical impurities in Holi colours, many were choosing this safer and innovative way of celebration. \"The paintball trend has picked up since we first started in 2006. The game is quite popular as it's a fast game and constantly changing. The game throws up new challenges and missions to the players,\" said a trainer at Paintball Co at GIP Mall, Noida.Organizers say the week during Holi is a busy time with people coming in to play as early as 9am. \"This year we decided to organize a special Holi carnival. People in different teams were given different colours so that they could combine the traditional way with the thrill of paintball,\" said Sumeet Sandhu, Founder and CEO, Paintball Co.Gamers said that paintball's safety precautions are an important factor in choosing to celebrate Holi in this manner. \"Every year, after Holi I have allergies breaking out over my hands and face. The colours are getting worse and it's almost impossible to get out the dye from your face and hair. Paintball is a brilliant alternative,\" said Karan Singh, a college student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12209435", "title": "Railways launches drive against chain pulling", "text": "PATNA: Concerned over frequent incidents of alarm chain pulling (ACP), railways has again launched a drive against ACP, hose pipe disconnection (HPD) and clappet valve operation (CVO) under Danapur division of East Central Railway (ECR). As many as 10 to 12 cases of ACP are being reported every day on the mainline section of the division.Expressing serious concern, Danapur divisional railway manager (DRM) L M Jha said that miscreants stop trains by pulling alarm chains of mail and express trains at odd hours even between Buxar and Ara on the mainline section of the division. \"Forcible stoppage of trains could result in mishaps,\" he said.Alarmed at recurrence of ACP incidents under the Danapur division, the railways recently held a meeting with the top brass of the state government to take stern measures to check the menace of ACP and HPD on the mainline section by deploying police. Railways has already suggested to the state government to impose collective fine on the residents of villages where incidents of ACP, HPD and CVO are rampant, under Bihar Collective Fines (Imposition) Act, 1982, said the DRM.According to Jha, railways and state government must work together to check the menace of ACP, HPD and CVO. Unless deterrent steps are taken immediately, railways would find it difficult to maintain punctuality of long-distance mail and express trains under the division, he said.The DRM said railways has identified Buxar-Dildarganj, Buxar-Ara-Danapur, Fatuha-Bakhtiarpur and Barh-Mokama-Barhaiya as the most vulnerable sections. About 78 incidents of ACP were reported under the division in February, 2012, alone while its number was 2,000 last year under the division, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12206433", "title": "Anomalies in expansion of municipal limit", "text": "INDORE: The Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) has failed to deliver on the master plan despite 36 years and after passing seven resolutions. The plan to expand the city limits is yet to completed with only 29 villages included as against 90 villages scheduled.A city-based NGO has claimed that if the city administration fails to take corrective measures Indore will soon be turned into an urban slum.\"As per the master plan of 1974 and 2011 around 90 villages should have been developed and included into IMC by 2012, but a notification released recently mentioned to include only 29 villages into municipal limit. This will leave large number of villages out of the municipal limit giving way to mushrooming slums and illegal colonies,\" said Kishore Kodwani of Viash Mitra Drishti 2050.He also said that according to 1974 master plan around 37 villages were supposed to be included into the municipal limit but only 11 villages were included in 1976 and today we have more than 400 illegal colonies and more than 30% of the population of Indore are living in slums, mostly in those left out villages.As per the master plan of 2011 around 53 villages were supposed to be brought under the municipal limit but only 14 villages are under way to be included into IMC. Now if we include only 29 villages into municipal limit then we would leave around 50 villages from the master plan of 1974 and 2011 out of municipal limit. Pace at which city is developing one can just imagine how many illegal colonies will come in these areas in coming years. Construction activities have already begun in these areas.Besides, the proposed freight corridor of union government and industrial corridor also fall in the area. Indore Development Authourity (IDA) has launched several schemes in these areas but if these areas were not included in the municipal limit, then how civic amenities will be provided in these areas?Kodwani also highlighted that IMC will also face a problem in implementation of developmental projects and may not receive adequate fund in coming years. The census is complete now and according to it Indore's present population is 19 lakh, if we include all the 90 villages then the city population would be around 28 lakh. But if we include only 29 villages then population would be around 23 lakh.However, the authority concerned will be under pressure to provide civic amenities to this population but on paper around 6 lakh people will not be part of the city and the municipal body will not get fund for it. This will also create problems in planning developmental projects for the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12213562", "title": "Bokaro: Drunken revellers open fire", "text": "BOKARO: Three persons opened fire allegedly in inebriated condition on a barber of their locality in Chapi area of Tenughat and later rushed him to the Bokaro General Hospital (BGH) on their car to save his life on Thursday. Personal enmity is said to be the reason behind the firing.Pinto Thakur who suffered bullet injury in his upper abdomen is battling for life in the hospital. Police have lodged an FIR against Brahmdev Prajapati alias Ramesh, Bhagwan Bhaskar and Nakul Yadav with Tenughat outpost. Among the three, Prajapati, who had opened fire on Thakur, is the son of a former Central Coalfields Limited employee.According to a police officer, the three accused called Thakur from his home and opened fire on him near a temple. They were in a drunken state. After the bullet hits Thakur below his chest, they fled but later took the victim to BGH on their car to save his life. \"The reason which forced Prajapati to open fire on Thakur is yet to be ascertained. Preliminary investigation shows personal enmity to be the cause behind the incident,\" he said. An inquiry is on.Ramgarh DC orders FIR against striking MGNREGA workersDeputy commissioner Amitabh Kaushal has ordered all six BDOs of the district to lodge FIRs against the striking MGNREGA workers who have violated directives issued by the administration. The workers were asked to submit documents related to job schemes to BDOs concerned so that the schemes in the district to be continued. Acting on the directive, FIRs have been registered against those rojgar sewaks who have violated the order, said Patratu BDO Sadanand Mahto. While in Patratu, FIRs have been lodged against two rojgar sewaks, FIRs have also been lodged by BDOs of Mandu, Chitarpur, Ramgarh, Dulmi Ramgarh and Gola.One axed to death in Garhwa One person was axed to death by his neighbours at Jasobar village in Ranka police station area of the district, police said here on Saturday. Nathuni Bhuiyan (50) was axed to death allegedly by Munni Bhuiyan, Suryadeo Bhuiyan and others of the same village, said Ranka police station officer in-charge Vinay Prasad Mandal.\"The victim had a brawl with Munni Bhuiyan a couple of days ago. He was sleeping on his field when the accused attacked him with an axe. The assailants threw the body into a river,\" said Mandal. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12204444", "title": "Mohini Lande set to become PCMC mayor", "text": "PUNE: Mohini Lande, three time corporator of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and wife of independent MLA Vilas Lande, is set to become the next mayor of the Pimpri-Chinchwad township.Lande filed her nomination papers on Friday, after the party officially announced her name as the candidate for the coveted post. The post of the mayor in Pimpri-Chinchwad is reserved for women corporators elected in the general category.Since the NCP enjoys a majority in the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC), having won 83 of the total 128 seats, the mayor's election on March 13 would be a mere formality. With the NCP nominating Lande, it is clear that she is the final choice of the party in power.Although opposition parties - the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Shiv Sena - fought the civic election as an alliance, they have surprisingly fielded separate candidates. While Shiv Sena has fielded Sharada Babar, the BJP is backing Varsha Madigeri as the candidates for the mayor's post.For the post of the deputy mayor, the NCP has nominated Raju Misal, the Shiv Sena has fielded Dhananjay Alhat and the BJP is backing Pramod Tamhankar.However, the NCP has not announced its candidate for the post of the ruling party leader in the PCMC.Azam Pansare, president, Pimpri-Chinchwad unit of NCP, said, \"Lande is a senior corporator who has been elected for the third time. We have given the deputy mayor's post to Misal belonging to other backward class. We have tried to give representation to all communities in the city.\"Speaking to reporters, Lande said, \"I was confident of being nominated, but a little apprehensive nonetheless. One can never be too sure till the name is finally announced for any post, especially since there have been instances where names have been changed at the last minute.\" She assured that she will try to solve the problems related to water and power supply and health.Meanwhile, Misal said he had expressed his desire of being elected as the deputy mayor to deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar. \"Even then, I was not expecting to be nominated,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12212950", "title": "Cases of skin allergies rise after Holi festival", "text": "VARANASI: The hazards of playing Holi with chemical colours are becoming visible in the city. Many people complained of itching on their skin and reported at out patient departments (OPDs) of government hospitals on Saturday. \"Skin problems like abrasion, allergies , rashes and itching are not new during Holi celebrations. But under no circumstances, efforts should be made to ignore them, as they threaten to damage the skin and increase complications,\" said Dr V V Singh, a dermatologist in the city.As per reports from DDU and SPG government hospitals, a spurt in cases of skin problems including irritant dermatitis and contact dermitis was witnessed on Saturday, as the OPD services resumed after festival holidays. According to Dr Sanjay Singh, a dermatologist at BHU, the skin can even turn red, but the redness is always masked by the presence of the colour on the surface during irritant dermatitis, irritation and skin rashes can emerge after a few days of exposure to the colour in contact dermatitis. Both of these conditions are fallout of ignorance to skin problems during Holi festival.Dermatologists said that changing weather conditions can also cause skin problems. In such conditions, people must use moisturisers while venturing out and drink lots of water. Even direct exposure to the sunlight must be avoided, added Dr Singh. As per reports of government hospitals, a significant number of people experiencing acne vulgaris and eczema are also turning up at the OPDs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "12204562", "title": "Chemist gets 7 years' RI for murder attempt", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Nanded court recently sentenced a medical store owner and two others to seven years' rigorous imprisonment for attempting to kill a doctor for not sending patients with prescriptions to his medical store, in Ganeshnagar, Nanded, in 2010.Judge P M Jahagirdar also fined the trio Rs 10,000 each. Failure to pay the fine would attract two months' simple imprisonment.Additional government pleader Alka Kurtadikar said on Friday that the doctor, Dhananjay Deshpande, had a clinic in Ganeshnagar. His acquaintance, Shankar Mallayya Palnor, had started a medical store near the clinic and the doctor would send his patients there with prescriptions.After some time, Deshpande alleged that Palnor was not selling medicines as per his prescriptions, but was selling substitutes instead. The doctor then opened a medical store in a part of his clinic, which eventually caused Palnor losses in his business and irked him, Kurtadikar said.At 6.15 pm on March 12, 2010, when Deshpande stepped out of his clinic, Palnor allegedly dragged him into his medical store, where Palnor's brother-in-law Bhaskar Matange and friend Pochiram Maruti Kumur were present. The trio then allegedly pulled down the shop's shutter and attacked Deshpande with a screw driver, scissors and a piston ('musal'). Hearing the doctor's call for help, Jayant Ramchandra Deshpande, who ran the medical store in the doctor's clinic, rushed to the spot. When he saw the shutter locked from inside, he rushed to the Shivajinagar police station.The police rescued the doctor, who had by then suffered serious injuries, and rushed him to the hospital. The doctor was unconscious for a month and lost vision in his right eye, Kurtadikar said.Inspector Vasant Kamble submitted a chargesheet before the court, she said. The prosecution examined 17 witnesses. The trio have also been sentenced to six months' rigorous imprisonment under section 342 (confinement) and fined Rs 500 each under this section. These sentenced would run concurrently, Kurtadikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204419", "title": "Jobless man duped of Rs 60k, documents", "text": "NEW DELHI: An unemployed man was lured into a fake job racket and duped of Rs 60,000 and documents by a youth. A case has been registered by the Connaught Place police.The victim, Ramraj Singh Dangi, is a resident of Vidisha, Madhya Pradesh. According to police, Dangi was in need of a job and while surfing net in January this year he stumbled upon a job opening. Hoping to get lucky, Dangi contacted the accused, Amit Chauhan and he allegedly promised him a job in the Delhi Metro.Chauhan demanded Rs 80,000 from Dangi. \"I negotiated with Chauhan citing my family's financial condition and he agreed at Rs 60,000. I was asked to come to Delhi with my documents and resume,\" Dangi said. Dangi visited Delhi last month and met Chauhan at Palika Bazar, CP. Dangi handed over his documents, driving licence, photo ID, and cash to Chauhan, police said. Dangi was called to Aligarh then and given an appointment letter.Out of curiosity, Dangi called Chauhan again to confirm his joining dates but to his horror, Chauhan's phone was switched off. Dangi came to Delhi and contacted Metro officials. It was then he realized that he has been duped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "annavaram", "code": "12203422", "title": "Annavaram temple to reopen on March 14", "text": "ANNAVARAM: A year after it was closed for repairs, the famous hill shrine of Annavaram will be reopened on March 14. The temple management performed special pujas along with panchayatana yagam and Chaturveda havanam here on Thursday.Religious discourses and cultural programmes would be organized till March 13 before opening the temple for pilgrims on March 14. The temple of Lord Satyanarayana Swamy on the Ratnagiri hills in East Godavari district had remained out of bounds for lakhs of devotees due to renovation works which cost Rs 4 crore. The temple was closed in February last year.The temple authorities already conducted kalasa puja to Vimana Sikharam (temple tower) a month ago. According to sources, Kanchi Kamakoti Petadhipathi seer Swamy Jayendra Saraswathi would conduct kalasa pratishta and kumbhabhishekam to declare the reopening of the sanctum sanctorum of the Lord for pilgrims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12207890", "title": "Black band protest in Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: A week after the lawlessness incident in Bangalore, Mysore police, including traffic personnel, registered a protest here on Friday. Many policemen were said to have been allegedly attacked by lawyers in the incident. The protest in Mysore comes a day after the families of their Bangalore counterparts had a sit-in in the state capital.Nearly 1,000 personnel below the rank of inspector staged the protest here between 8am and 12noon by wearing black arm bands. \"This is for the first time in the history of the department that police personnel are expressing their say silently without striking work,\" a senior police officer said. Policemen were seen wearing the bands on their left shoulders as a mark of protest. They also requested the Chief Justice of Karnataka not to take cognizance of the complaint made by lawyers in connection with the violence that took place in Bangalore city civil court premises.An inspector said the alleged attack on policemen has left even them to seek protection.\"Ours is a disciplined department, and we can't strike work to stage protest. Hence, we decided to wear black arm bands to condemn the attack on policemen,\" he added.Meanwhile, the protest by the members of Mysore Bar Association entered fifth day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12205034", "title": "Netas have finger in MP mining pie", "text": "BHOPAL: Cutting across party lines, politicians in Madhya Pradesh have developed enormous interest in the mining sector - mainly operating through proxies and virtually strengthening a mafia-like network - and operate in almost all 50 districts.The modus operandi of illegal mining varied from carrying out excavation outside the lease area, over-exploitation of minerals from the lease area, mining within the forests, and reckless sand mining from river beds and illegal quarrying of stones.Take the example of 'Siddhbaba ki Pahadi' in Bundelkhand region, close to UP border. Once it used to stand tall at 1,772 metre but the hill has not only been razed but also dug up, using explosives, for granite. Mining sector insiders point out there were nearly 100-odd illegal mining areas on both sides of highway No 76, connecting Mahoba in UP and MP.Illegal sand mining on the banks of Narmada and other river beds, using heavy earth moving machines, are a common sight at many areas of Hoshangabad and Budhni areas, in Gwalior and Chambal divisions. At many places, trucks carrying sand mostly did not have number plates instead they display the surname of local politicians.Government departments also fight amongst themselves for a piece of the mining pie. In January 2012, the Chhatrapur district collector floated bids for leasing out 30 sand mines in the district. Within a month, state Mining Corporation swung into action to stall the public auction and to get the leases in favour of the state mining corporation.Even as the government maintains that a drive against illegal mining is being carried out periodically, insiders say that the practice is carry out a month-long drive every year from December 15 to January 15. A report of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India on the irregularities in mining sector from 2005-06 to 2009-10 indicates that the state exchequer suffered a loss to the tune of Rs 1496.29 crore in just 6,096 cases.In the past seven years, officially 24,630 cases of illegal mining came to light of which 23,393 were filed in the courts which, mining department sources claimed, is the highest in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12203668", "title": "AMC ready to serve notices", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The first set of notices under the Gujarat Regularisation of Unauthorised Development Act, 2011 (GRUDA) will be delivered from next week. The Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has its team ready for each of the zones to deliver the notices. The AMC has been waiting for the Gujarati version of the forms that are required for the impact fee procedures. The English version of the forms is already uploaded on the official website of the AMC.As per the procedures listed under the recently declared rules of GRUDA, 2011 first the assistant town development officer (TDO) of a particular area will serve a notice to the owner-this will be Form A1. The owner then has to reply to the notice in Form B-1-A and Form B-2-A respectively and furnish all relevant particulars and documents and attach them with Form-D-1, Form D-2 and Form D-3. These last three forms pertain to details of proof of ownership of the house, construction particulars including the plans.\"If the officer of the area - TDO - finds no fault with the application form and finds the declaration of the owner proper, the officer will then issue C-1 certificate with the requisite impact fee which has to be paid by the owner,\" says a senior estate officer of the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC). An AMC officer will be sent to the premises for inspection, if the officer suspects that the owner of the illegal property has withheld some information.Issues where there are discrepancies in ownership of properties will not be given the first preference in the order. Issues where illegal permissions have taken place on land for which the requisite 'Non Agricultural' (NA) permission is pending will be considered under the impact fee law. \"In this case, the owner and the AMC will inform the regularization of the property though the issue of NA will be pending with the collectorate,\" adds the estate official.Apart from the above mentioned procedure is a Form C-3 which is meant for special cases of those . \"Form C-3 will be issued toowners who cannot show parking at their premises. This form demands that the owner show the required parking area within 500 meters of the questionable property,\" says the AMC official.A special six member committee will be formed to deal with this issue. The team will be headed by a deputy municipal commissioner, who is the chairman of the committee, a member of the chief executive authority, the district collector or his representative, the chief town planner or his representative, AMC city engineer and an expert of town planning or urban transport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12205528", "title": "Hola Mohalla: SAD leaders take potshots at Capt", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was time for the victorious Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) to take potshots at the vanquished, especially Capt Amarinder Singh, on Thursday at Anandpur Sahib where the leaders had gathered to celebrate Hola Mohalla.On a lighter note, chief minister Prakash Singh Badal said, \"Oh (Amarinder) taan bechara suta hona pee ke mahal vich apni haar da gam galat karan vaste\" (Capt Amarinder must be drunk and sleeping in his palace to forget the humiliating defeat). Badal further said, \"Ohnu taan ohdee zaban ne haraya, danga dikha ke draonda reha jinada siyasat de vich koi kaam ni (His language is responsible for his defeat, he talked about baton, which has no place in politics).However, going a step ahead, SAD leader Balwant Singh Ramoowalia, on Captain's 'overconfidence' to win, said, \"Mithayeeyan de vark dhare de dhare rah gaye, videshi botlaan de dut band de band rah gaye (sweets ordered for celebration by Amarinder remained undistributed and bottles of foreign liquor unopened after poll results). Further referring to Captain's Pakistani friend, Arusha Alam, Ramoowalia added, \"Pakistan ton aayaa sona jeha mehmaan vee sann rahe gaya\" (a gorgeous guest arrived from Pakistan to celebrate the victory also stunned over the results).However, the chief minister seized the occasion to convey those officers who had started visiting the palace of Capt Amarinder Singh before the results of counting. \"I have prepared a list of all such officers who had visited him before the results were out and even their faces are also in my mind,\" Badal said. He further added that he was surprised to see a few of them visiting him after the results were out.Badal, however, made it clear that he would not take any revenge against them, if they do not resort to indiscipline while discharging their duties.Preferring not to comment on captain, SAD president and deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal said that his agenda would be to eliminate drugs from the state.During their addresses on the occasion that was of immense religious significance, most of the SAD leaders talked about religion and eulogized Badals, especially Sukhbir, urging them to carry out the guru's words.Box:No reference to ManpreetNobody referred to Manpreet or his party's defeat in their address but Parkash Singh Badal, erroneously referred to Sukhbir as 'Manpreet' when asked about the date of oath-taking ceremony. However, he immediately realized the slip of the tongue and corrected it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12203114", "title": "Infighting &amp; complacency cost us many wards: Raj Thackeray", "text": "MUMBAI: Infighting and deceit resulted in the defeat of MNS candidates in many municipal wards, party chief Raj Thackeray said on Friday. In a brief speech to mark the MNS's sixth anniversary, Thackeray said that there would be a 'crackdown' on rebels and that complacency had led to the party's defeat in many wards in the BMC polls.\"Partymen were lulled into believing that with a good performance in 2009, the MNS would have a cakewalk in the municipal polls,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12209882", "title": "Facebook's Sandberg on slow progress of women at top", "text": "NEW YORK: Sheryl Sandberg , Facebook Inc's chief operating officer, said the past decade has seen little or no gain for women in top government or executive positions.\"Women in the US became 50 percent of college graduates in 1981,\" Sandberg, 42, said at the Women in the World conference in New York. \"In every industry, women have steadily made progress in the past 30 years -- except at the top, where, essentially, over the last 10 years, there hasn't been progress.\"Sandberg has called gender inequality \"this generation's central moral problem,\" citing the disparate amount of women with power both globally and in the US. The number of Fortune 500 companies run by women fell to a dozen last year from 15 in 2010, according to the magazine's rankings. In the US Congress, women hold just 89, or 17 percent, of 535 voting seats, data from the Congressional Research Service show.Sandberg led a panel today that included Jill Abramson , 57, who replaced Bill Keller as the New York Times' executive editor in September, and Gloria Steinem , the 77-year-old activist who spurred the contemporary women's rights movement when she started Ms. Magazine 40 years ago. Cheryl Mills, counselor and chief of staff for Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , was also on the panel.Abramson, the first female editor of the Times in its 160- year history, said she has been \"obsessing\" over how to ensure that young female editors or copy editors at the newspaper \"get known.\" Almost 40 percent of senior editors and managers in the newsroom are women, she said.'Sometimes stalled progress' \"Things have certainly changed, but it's been progress -- and not constant, and sometimes stalled progress,\" Abramson said about women advancing to leadership roles.Coca-Cola Co Chief Executive Officer Muhtar Kent created a Women's Leadership Council at the Atlanta-based company that advises senior management \"on how to hire more women, how to mentor more women, develop them and promote them and retain them,\" he said in a separate session at the conference today. The company also started an initiative to empower five million women outside the company by 2020, he said.The CEO, who's led the world's largest soft-drink maker since July 2008, said three years ago, there was \"a huge mismatch\" between the amount of women at the company and the as much as 70 percent of women who buy Coca-Cola products.\"Women are so important in their communities in which they serve, but we don't have the same numbers we should have in the company, so that's why we started working on this,\" he said.Periods of resistance Steinem, who said men still don't have a lot of experience seeing women in power, said change will come when organizations recognize that parenting is a shared responsibility between mothers and fathers.\"We are, among modern democracies, the worst in the world for making it work for parents,\" Steinem said. \"We're not just talking about integrating things the way they are, we're talking about transforming them. And because women are half the population, we have to transform them in order to live full human lives.\"Steinem is the subject of an HBO documentary released in August, \"Gloria: In Her Own Words,\" and is working on a book about her more than 30 years as a feminist organizer, \"Road to the Heart: America As if Everyone Mattered.\"In social-justice movements, \"there are two periods of resistance, one is at the beginning, when nobody is allowed in, and the second is when you reach critical mass, and the group previously in power begins to imagine they're not just including you as an employee, but you might be their boss,\" she said.Compensation levels Women make up 19.3 percent of national legislative seats worldwide and account for 42.1 percent of spots in the legislatures of Sweden, Iceland, Finland, Denmark and Norway , according to the Congressional Research Service report. The Inter-Parliamentary Union ranks the US 69th globally for legislative female representation.Newsweek Editor-in-Chief Tina Brown , who organized the third annual conference, said at the event that Sandberg is \"an aggressive advocate\" for female executives in Silicon Valley.Facebook valuation Sandberg is the best-paid senior executive of Menlo Park, California-based Facebook, receiving $30.9 million in compensation last year. She may own up to 1.7 percent of the company after its initial public offering this year, which may be the largest for an Internet company on record. At the top end of the valuation range expected for the offering, her stake may be worth $1.7 billion.She was one of six co-chairs of the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland this year, where she led a panel on \"Women as the Way Forward.\" A mother of two, she's also a director on the boards of Walt Disney Co. (DIS) and Starbucks Corp. (SBUX) While Sandberg is a prominent advocate of gender equality, giving a TED talk on the subject in 2010 and making it the focal point of her commencement speech at Barnard College last year, the social-media company where she is the public face has a seven-member, all-male board.Just 11.3 percent of the Fortune 500 had male-only boards last year, according to Catalyst, a New York-based non-profit that researches women and business issues.A Catalyst survey of Fortune 500 companies found that those with three or more female directors outperformed those with fewer between 2005 and 2009, achieving on average 43 percent better returns on equity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "jeddah (saudi arabia)", "code": "12210825", "title": "Unified Gulf currency by mid-2013", "text": "JEDDAH (SAUDI ARABIA): GCC countries are in active discussion to decide upon the name and denominations of the proposed unified Gulf currency and its printing by mid-year in 2013. The year 2015 is proposed for the launch of the unified Gulf currency according to sources at the General Secretariat of the GCC. However, the actual date of the launch will depend on the progress achieved by the monetary council of the GCC (Gulf Co-operation Council).The governing council of the Gulf Monetary Council includes the governors of the central banks of Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Bahrain and Kuwait. It would meet in Riyadh in the third week of March to discuss the progress made by its technical teams in charge of preparing institutional and regulatory frameworks for the council and follow up the achievements in this regard as the nucleus of the Gulf Central Bank.With regard to the new currency's tie-up with the US dollar, the source said it may have a full tie-up with a single currency i.e. the US Dollar or would tie-up with a bundle of currencies in which the USD would have a lion's share.The new currency is expected to bring smoothness in the fiscal and monetary policies, besides facilitating regional financial integration and intensifying financial discipline and transparency. It is also expected to boost internal and external investments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12204014", "title": "It\u2019s sheer luck that some of our cops survived", "text": "KOCHI: If you believe Kerala is a comparatively safer place for police to take on mafias than north Indian states like Madhya Pradesh, where IPS officer Narendra Kumar was killed by the mining mafia on Thursday, then you are wrong.Time and again, police and revenue officials have been attacked by various mafias in the state for taking a tough stand against them. But fortunately these officials have escaped bids on their lives.IPS officer J Jayanath is one among those who escaped a bid on his life by the sand mining mafia when he was posted as Aluva assistant superintendent of police (ASP) in 2011.\"It was mere luck that I and my driver escaped a bid on our lives when we tried to intercept a tipper lorry carrying illegally-mined sand,\" Jayanath said. As his jeep followed the lorry, the driver of the lorry dumped sand onto the jeep, which lost control.Though police tried to nab the driver Anoop, he escaped from the spot. Later he surrendered before a court and got bail.\"The sand mafia has targeted all police officials who have stood up against them, and even attempted to kill some of them,\" Jayanath said.Many times, the mafia has set traps in the river where police officials patrol on boats to check illegal mining.Muvattupuzha DySP M N Ramesh is another officer who escaped a bid on his life when he was the Aluva circle inspector in 2005.\"The sand mafia is strong in and around Aluva. They intimidate officials whenever they get the chance. I was fortunate enough to have escaped from an accident plotted by them. We jumped out of the jeep when the driver of the tipper lorry we were following put the lorry in the reverse mode. Though our jeep was damaged, we escaped unhurt,\" he said.Though the police registered a case in this connection, the culprits were let off by the court for want of evidence.\"It was in 2005 that the activities of the mafia became stronger in and around Aluva. Police officials are wary of the growing activities of the mafia. A joint effort by all the departments concerned is needed to bust the mafia,\" Ramesh said.Sub Inspector B Vinod Kumar, who was recently transferred to Aranmula police station from Aluva, also escaped bids on his life a couple of times. \"My boat patrolling team has been attacked by mafia groups many times. We have had to swim to safety a lot of times when attacked by mafia groups,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12204475", "title": "537 persons booked for drunken driving on Holi", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite police chief Ankush Dhanvijay's clear warning that people driving under the influence of alcohol on Holi will face stern action at least 537 persons tried to violate the law, and paid for it. All of them were booked for drunken driving during a special drive on Thursday.Traffic police said that this is the largest number of drunk driving cases ever booked on any day and also on any Holi. A majority of those booked were young bikers. In 2010, the police had booked 338 persons for riding under the influence of alcohol, while in 2011 439 people were booked. \"However, this year broke all records and we crossed 500-figure mark in a single day,\" said senior PI (traffic) Avinash Morey.The cops had made elaborate traffic arrangements to ensure safety of motorists on roads and check incidents of drunk driving, speeding, dangerous driving, triple riding, minors driving and other traffic offences. Special teams with breath analysers were deployed at major intersections to detect and prosecute violators.On Holi or New Year's Eve, traffic cops usually book 350 to 400 drunk drivers in a single day. On Thursday, police booked total of 560 cases in two days of Holi; 537 on Thursday and 25 on the night before Holi, the senior traffic cop informed.In the first two months of 2012, 3,500 people have been booked for drunk driving. In 2011 (January to December) cops booked over 18,000 cases, while in 2010 it was 21,190, in 2009 it was 23,160 and in 2008 the figure was just 10,133.During the drive, cops also faced opposition in areas like Sitabuldi, Chhatrapati square, Indora and Mahal while taking action against motorists. Senior cop Avinash Morey confirmed this and said that on Thursday they initiated action against everybody caught driving in a drunken state. Normally, on other days, due to heavy workload, we give many people a stern warning and let them off, he said.Meanwhile, city traffic cops, NGOs working for traffic awareness and citizens have cheered the proposed hike in fine for driving under the influence of liquor. The union cabinet recently cleared the proposal that would hike fine for drunk driving from Rs 2,000 to Rs 10,000, along with imprisonment ranging from six months to four years. \"The stiffer fine would be a deterrent for this major traffic violation,\" Ravi Kaskhedikar of Jan Akrosh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12210073", "title": "Jobs: Social networks open new horizons", "text": "JAIPUR: New age careers are in vogue and the social networking sites have opened a plethora of choices for today's kids.Twenty nine-year-old Piyush Sharma, a graduate in hospitality management, who hopped from one five-star hotel to another for three years, didn't regret opening his own venture a year back. He started a web portal 'Nomad Traveler' to provide all travel solutions to tourists visiting Rajasthan.Social networking sites like LinkedIn, Twitter and Facebook are playing a vital role in marketing and branding his products. \"There are 1,000 websites in the market offering same services. What gives us an upper edge over others is wide networking on cyber space via social networking sites,\" said Sharma.He posts punch lines on products (travel plans) aiming to draw the attention of maximum number of users. Within a span of a year, he has set-up an office in Delhi and his clientele is global - from educational institutes to corporate world.The days are gone when an off-beat professional career was viewed with suspicion. The youngsters of the city are gradually getting hooked on to jobs that demand high creativity and offer substantial pay packets. Keeping in mind the users profile on these sites, these young entrepreneurs are shaping products and schemes.Bhupesh Agarwal, MBA in finance, was an account manager with a private bank till last year. But his affair with accounts lasted only six months, as he found it difficult to fulfil his creative endeavour due to the asking rate in the job. Thereafter, he began searching for a job, where he could capitalize his sound knowledge of music before landing up at a city-based FM station. He bagged a perfect deal and was offered the manager's post!\"Networking sites help us to gauge the popularity of our programmes and we also seek advice from users on introducing new programmes. It is like direct interaction with listeners. Here they don't hesitate and give us genuine feedback in improving our programmes,\" added Sharma, whose channel has made it compulsory for every RJ to have account on all networking sites.Experts says that if you are utilizing networking sites which is a live medium, it requires one to be highly creative, put up new ideas and ways at regular intervals to connect with the masses. In these new-age scenario, one's ability to survive doesn't depend on his or her academic background and age.Fourth semester IITians - Shashank Garg of Benaras Hindu University and Shivang Agarwal of IIT-Roorkee -are working tirelessly on creating 'NewsOpedia,' a search engine which displays news of all newspapers.Both residents of Jaipur are compiling last ten years' database of all English newspapers in first phase. \"This project will take about two years to complete. Our site will trace a complete coverage of any event occurred over 50 years back. The information will be based on newspapers,\" said Garg.Both are aware that pursuing engineering degree in mechanical (Garg) and electrical (Agarwal) will not help them much in creating this search engine. They, however, feel that holistic environment at IITs is designed in such a way that it shapes the students' orientation towards the interdisciplinary approach.SS Nathwat, head of department at Behavioural Science at Amity University, explained the phenomena. \"The are many examples and hordes of youngsters are preferring to shift gears. This shift will continue for a long time as it is adventurous and involves continuous learning.\" The jobs offer higher salaries and hence attracts more. And it's different from the usual 9 to 5 pm shifts. In short, it's time to shift the shift!!!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12212929", "title": "Tibetans celebrate 53rd anniversary of their Uprising Day", "text": "VARANASI: Prayers and tributes to Tibetans marked the 53rd anniversary celebrations of Tibetan National Uprising Day at Sarnath on Saturday. The day also marked the fourth anniversary of mass protests in Tibet that broke out in 2008 against the oppression and 53 years of occupation by the People's Republic of China.The programme organised by Varanasi unit of Indo-Tibetan Friendship Association witnessed an overwhelming support from various religious bodies including Sri Sadguru Kabir Mandir, Bodhi Dharma Chakra Vihar (Sarnath), Dharma Chakra Indo-Japan Buddhist Cultural Society and Mahabodhi Society of India. The statement of Dr Lobsang Sangay (political head of Tibetan people) was also read out on the occasion.In his statement, the political head of Tibetan people asserted that Tibetans are making a smooth transition with the free, fair and multi-candidate parliamentary elections in 2011along with Kalon Tripa elections that involved exile and diaspora Tibetans in over 40 countries. Saying that the Central Tibetan Administration legitimately represents and speaks for six million Tibetans, the statement emphasised that resiliency of the Tibetan spirit combined with a coming generation of educated Tibetans will provide a dynamic leadership and sustain the movement. Earlier, prayers were held by Buddhist monks on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "4768926", "title": "All-time ICC Test Batsmen Rankings", "text": "&lt;&lt; BACK   Rank Player Country Rating Against1Don BradmanAustralia961India2Len HuttonEngland945West Indies3Jack HobbsEngland942Australia3Ricky PontingAustralia942England5Peter MayEngland941Australia6Clyde WalcottWest Indies938Australia6Viv RichardsWest Indies938England6Garry SobersWest Indies938India6Kumar SangakkaraSri Lanka938England10Matthew HaydenAustralia935England10Jacques KallisSouth Africa935New Zealand12Mohammad YousufPakistan933West Indies13Graeme PollockSouth Africa927Australia13Everton WeekesWest Indies927New Zealand15Dudley NourseSouth Africa922England15Doug WaltersAustralia922South Africa17Neil HarveyAustralia921South Africa17Michael HusseyAustralia921West Indies19Denis ComptonEngland917Australia20Sunil GavaskarIndia916England &lt;&lt; BACK", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12204806", "title": "Black Dog group savours scotch, politics", "text": "As booze flows at the City Beautiful's most famous watering hole at Chandigarh Golf Club, \"politicala\" groups are forming to fight the annual elections to the managing committee slotted for April 22. There are powerful factions, which traditionally got split into the Punjab IAS officers' lobby and the former Army officers' group.Recent years have seen lawyers cobble winning lobbies. There are other off-shoots like the 'Black Dog' group, which comprises some well-heeled businessmen, who are known for their fondness for this brand of scotch and pitching in candidates for elections to the 11-member executive committee. Outgoing president Malvinder Singh, who had envisaged a second term running, is learnt to have withdrawn from the fray this time due to his commitments to Punjab politics. This has left the field open to Lt Col (retd) J S Panag, who had lost the presidential elections to Malvinder last year.The other heavyweight candidate in the fray is Tegvir Sibia, who is a former president of the club. Veteran professional-cum-coach Simran Singh is also learnt to be fancying his chances for the president's chair. A dark horse is former club honorary captain, Sukhjit Lehal, who had a controversial tenure in 2007-2008. Lehal may also throw his hat in the ring for the president's post. However, the presidential elections are traditionally a two-horse race with most fanciful candidates withdrawing from the fray at the last moment.Pleased as punch The long-drawn spisode stemming from the infamous brawl at Chandigarh Golf Club in October 2011 seems to be heading for closure. In its meeting held on Friday evening and chaired by president Malvinder Singh, the managing committee decided to restore the membership of former chairman of the tournament and handicapping committee, Capt G S Ghuman, whose membership had been suspended and his entry to the club banned.Ghuman faced severe action after he was charged with having punched CGC honorary secretary Col (retd) H S Baidwan in the right eye. The membership was restored on Friday after Ghuman agreed to the stiff conditions imposed by the club for his reinstatement as a club member and a functionary on the managing committee. These included anunconditional apology, an undertaking that he would never contest polls to the managing committee and the withdrawal of the case filed by Ghuman against the club over his suspension. Ghuman also agreed to the most tough condition imposed by the MC.This was to pay back to the Club in monthly instalments of Rs 5,000 each the sum of nearly Rs 70,000 by way of legal expenses incurred by the club in fighting the case filed by Ghuman and the passes allocated wrongly by Ghuman to non-members for the 2010-2011 New Year's party.Bull in a China shop Invading wild animals are not just a nightmarish reality of farmers. Course managers are similarly hard-pressed to save fragile greens, fairways and foliage from sambhars, neelgais and wild boars. At Chandigarh Golf Club, neelgais are the marauders stealing in every night to put in deep hoof marks on greens, grind their horns against bunker walls leading to severe damage and gobble the most juicy hibiscus bushes. One particular neelgai specimen, weighing nearly 300 kg, black as night and tall as a mini-giraffe, had the greenskeepers at their wits' end. Firecrackers at night did't intimidate the neelgai bull nor did fences, which he jumped with ease.The bull was finally driven off after the greenskeepers' and the course manager, Col (retd) Navkesh Singh, cornered him and chased him in a posse of golf carts creating a huge hullabaloo. That chase seemed to have frightened the living daylights out of the big bull and he has never been seen again. However, a younger bull entering from the 13th hole roughs has taken over the prima donna's destructive role. Neelgais are particularly damaging to cultivation and can gobble considerable acreage in a night's work when feeding in herds. Bulls can even attack humans with short but piercing horns. Neelgais are the largest antelope species of Asia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12204351", "title": "Kishanji aide's 'surrender' at Writers\u2019 raises questions", "text": "KOLKATA: Maoist leader Suchitra Mahato - one of the key planners of the Silda Eastern Frontier Rifles (EFR) massacre and the last person with Kishanji when he was gunned down - \"surrendered\" before the Mamata Banerjee government on Friday.The CM claimed that Suchitra had responded to her government's \"offer of peace\" but the surrender and the flash-bulb popping display at Writers' Buildings raised questions.Suchitra was the kind of fighter and strategist that the Maoists wanted to showcase to people. She spent 13 years as an insurgent and was shrewd and ruthless. Did she surrender or was she trapped? No one in the rebel ranks can imagine that she would make herself available to the Mamata government so easily. But by all appearances, she did exactly that on Friday.Her rebel comrades believe that Suchitra - the widow of Sashadhar Mahato - was trapped by Trinamool-backed anti-Maoist forum, Jana Jagaran Mancha, in Jhargram in the first week of December 2011, soon after she sneaked in from Jharkhand. This armed outfit, beating her at her own tactic, brought her to a \"safe house\" at Mukundapur in Kolkata.In a strange turn of events, Suchitra had to marry Prabir Garai - a PCPA activist who handed her to the Mancha. The police say they came to know about the operation only a few days ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12204195", "title": "Raj Bhavan resurrects Empire's lost insignia", "text": "KOLKATA: A stroll on the rolling greens of Raj Bhavan one evening had brought former Governor Gopal Krishna Gandhi to a curious mound from which protruded a lion's head. After reading up records dating back to 1803, Gandhi was almost sure of the treasure that lay buried.He ordered an excavation and his hunch proved right. Pieces of a puzzle were dug up, which if put together, would bring back the British Royal Coat of Arms that adorned the four corners of the Raj Bhavan rooftop. The royal insignias had been pulled down after Independence because Raj Bhavan was being readied to receive Bengal's first Indian Governor General, C Rajagopalachari.No one knew what happened to the cast-iron Coat of Arms. Perhaps the only place in the city where the royal insignia can still be found is the Victoria Memorial, where it was not pulled down because it was a memorial built to a queen and is not a state building.However, before Gandhi could see the insignia restored, his term ended. The pieces were left stacked in a corner of the south garden of Raj Bhavan. It wasn't long before Governor M K Narayanan noticed them and made inquiries. He soon decided that the Coats should be restored. The project was handed to the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (Intach) that had handled the restoration of Raj-era bronze statues that were originally on the Maidan.\"There were rows of ornamental iron pieces that had remained underground for a long time. The Governor wants us to restore all the four Coats of Arms as part of the Raj Bhavan's heritage. It will be quite some work. First, we will have to match all the parts so that the Coat can be put together and then we will have to manufacture the missing parts to complete the design,\" said GM Kapur, state convenor of Intach.Though an idea of what the Coat of Arms looked like can be had from the insignia preserved inside the Victoria Memorial, the ones at Raj Bhavan were slightly different, given the fact that it housed the viceroys and then the Governor Generals of the British Empire.\"We have found that they were manufactured by Messrs Macfarlane of Glasgow. The company no longer exists so it was difficult for us to procure the original design. We contacted Glasgow University, which maintains archives of all Scottish engineering companies that had once been constructing for British colonies, especially India,\" said Kapur.Intach is in touch with English Heritage, the counterpart of the Archaeological Survey of India in Britain, to get the authentic design of the Raj Bhavan Coats.\" Philip Davies , the monuments director of English Heritage, has filled in many blanks for us. He has said that the Coats existed at Raj Bhavan even before 1810, as recorded in Mrs Graham's journal. The record is considered one of the most trustworthy accounts. Initially, of the four Coats of Arms, two belonged to the East India Company and two to the Empire. However, in 1858, the Empire took over and replaced the East India Coats with its own,\" Kapur explained.It was Lord Curzon who got the four Coats rebuilt all over and added a fifth one on the tympanum of the building. The five Coats together weigh 100 tonnes.These had been removed and dumped by the United Front government at the Flagstaff House in Barrackpore, which is the second city residence of the Governor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12204567", "title": "Scientists want higher funding in research at grass root level", "text": "NAGPUR: With the government and planning commission already having involved the scientific community in preparation of the XII plan, the scientists in all fields including agriculture research are expecting a rise of at least three times in the forthcoming budget in science. Many scientists in city also feel that the government needs to set right its priorities and distribute the right amount to the right sectors to improve the science scenario of the country. They are glad that the Prime Minister is taking the issue of China keeping a big lead over India in science, seriously and hence, are hopeful for a positive investment.The national environmental engineering and research institute (Neeri) director Satish Wate says that the government is already emphasizing on science research but he believes that unless science and engineering are brought together science cannot contribute in national development. 'Bigger investments in networked projects involving institutions from varied fields in prioritized areas can improve the situation,\" he said.Dipak Sarkar, the director of national bureau of soil survey and land use planning, expects more stress on capacity building and situation specific investment in research. \"We need a second green revolution but this time with optimum use of natural resources. China has moved ahead through a planned long term strategy. In India, initiatives like 'Farmers First' programme should get required impetus,\" he said.The director of the Central India institute for cotton research (CICR) Keshav Kranthi feels, that India never gave enough support to research. \"China has invested in specific area consciously over a long period of time through national programmes. It spends much more than our five year plan annually in science,\" he said. Director of National Research Centre for Citrus, VJ Shivankar wishes more allocations in nano and biotechnology and in transfer and adoption of technology using information and communication technology.Central India Research Institute director Sanjay Wagh wants investments in nanotechnology field through a degree course in subject. \"Unless government supports research at university level, good science is impossible. Early involvement in research gears them for competent advanced research,\" he said.Tarak Kate from Eco-technology group for sustainable development at Wardha says, \"True we need to cope with China but not through their development path. Our challenges are much different than China. Investments in renewable energy and appropriate technology are need of the hour, especially in rural sector.\" Ankur seeds R&D; director LA Aurabgabadkar expects incentives to scientists, both in private and government sector.Raman Science Centre head Shrikant Pathak expects the country to implement suggestions and observations made by the national science report of 2005. He strongly contests the need for investment in science education and research attitude development in schools. \"The schools should have exploration centres to promote science, which in turn will attract students to science. Investment in science should begin at grass root level,\" he said.J Mukhopadhhyay, the director of Jawaharlal Nehru Aluminium Research and Development Centre, feels the need for higher investments in projects run jointly by the government and industrial research, particularly in applied research. \"China spends over 1.5% of the aluminium industry turn over in R&amp;D.; We are crawling at 0.04-1%,\" he said.Wish ListHigher allocations for joint research by government research institutions and the academia.Increased funding for natural resources based research.Investment in science teaching right from school education with stress on exploratory science to attract more students to science research.More incentives to scientists to improve skill development.A three fold increase in agricultural research and technology transfer.Higher investment in priority areas like agricultural, pharmaceutical, nano technology and medical research areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12206902", "title": "Two special trains to ply between Allahabad and Delhi", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In view of heavy rush of passengers, North Central Railway (NCR) has decided to ply two special trains between Allahabad and Delhi (Anand Vihar terminal). These trains would leave from Allahabad end on March 10 and 11 and from Anand Vihar terminal end on March 11 and 12.Further, for providing facilities to the passengers, the NCR has decided to open PRS (passenger reservation system) counters on Sunday till 8 pm at the stations of Allahabad, Kanpur, Jhansi and Gwalior.Train number 04119/04120 would ply between Allahabad and Anand Vihar terminal. This train would leave Allahabad on March 10 at 8:30 pm and arrive at Fatehpur at 9:46 pm, Kanpur 11:10 pm, Ghaziabad 6:32 am and finally terminate at Anand Vihar terminal at 7 am.During the return journey, the train number 04120 will depart from Anand Vihar terminal on March 11 at 8 am and arrive at Ghaziabad at 8:33 am, Kanpur 3:25 pm, Fatehpur 4:33 pm and finally terminate at Allahabad at 6:25 pm. The train will comprise two AC-III tier, eight sleeper and six general coaches.Similarly, another train having number 04117/04118 would run between Allahabad and Anand Vihar terminal. This train will leave from Allahabad end on March 11 and from Anand Vihar terminal end on March 12. This train would leave Allahabad at 8:30 pm and go through the route of Fatehpur, Kanpur, Aligarh, Ghaziabad and finally terminate at Anand Vihar terminal at 7 am. During the return journey, the train will depart from Anand Vihar terminal at 8 am and after passing through the above route, it will finally terminate at Allahabad at 6:25 pm.The train will comprise one AC-II tier, two AC-III tier, one AC-I-cum-AC-II, eight sleeper and three general coaches. The NCR administration has decided to open PRS (passenger reservation system) counters on Sunday till 8 pm. The stations at which the PRS counters would be opened till 8 pm include Allahabad, Kanpur, Jhansi and Gwalior stations. Earlier, the PRS counters remained opened till 2 pm on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "12213612", "title": "Teen killed in a scuffle over cigarette in Sindri", "text": "SINDRI: An 18-year-old resident of Muhalbani locality in Jorapokhar was killed in a scuffle over a cigarette.According to the FIR lodged with Sindri police by Amit Singh , victim Pramod Sharma was sitting at the former's paan shop near Gurudwara on the day of Holi when Vivek Singh along with Anit Sanyal, Imteyaz and twoothers, all in a drunken state, asked for a cigarette. When Amit said the stock was over, Vivek and his friends started abusing him. As Pramod, who had come to celebrate Holi with Amit, objected, they picked up fighting with him. During scuffle, Vivek hit Pramod on his head with the piece of a wooden cot. A profusely bleeding Pramod was taken to a local doctor who referred him to PMCH, Dhanbad. But he succumbed to injuries on way to Dhanbad and the PMCH doctors declared him brought dead.Police have lodged a case and have arrested Vivek who has confessed his crime,and forwarded him to judicial custody, DSP R N Sharma said on Saturday. He said Vivek told police that he hit Pramod in self-defence when the victim started beating up his friends. \"Members of both the warring factions were fully drunk,\" he said. adding that police were trying to apprehend other accused.According to Manoj Kumar , the officer in-charge of Sindri police station, Pramod was caught red-handed by Dhanbad police with his two friends while trying to sell a stolen bike from Sindri in August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12208384", "title": "Prasanna and Sneha to marry on May 11", "text": "Finally, Prasanna and Sneha have decided on their wedding date.Yes, the two will be walking down the aisle together on May 11. Prasanna and Sneha had announced to the media a few months earlier that they were seeing each other. At that time, Prasanna had said, \"When people asked me sometime back if I was dating Sneha, I said, 'no, we're good friends'. That was the most straight forward answer I could give as nothing was finalized then. But now, I'll say yes, I am dating her.\"And now, the actor says that the dates for their wedding has been finalized.Prasanna informs, \"We wanted to stop the rumours floating in the media regarding our marriage. So, we decided that it will be better to give out the details regarding our wedding. The ceremony will take place in Chennai on May 11, and the engagement, in all probability, will be on the day before the wedding.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204431", "title": "Govt plans to regulate journalism schools", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Friday said it will bring guidelines for media training schools to ensure minimum standards of quality. I&B; minister Ambika Soni said she has taken up the issue with HRD minister Kapil Sibal in light of a \"mushrooming\" of media schools in the wake of the media industry's high growth.\"This growth rate, this interest in the media has led to a lot of so-called training schools...media shops as some people call them,\" Soni said. She said there were complaints about the high fee charged by media schools, often not even recognized.\"Initially you might even land with a job as a TV journalist or with some newspaper. But if you leave that and look for something else that diploma may not count at all,\" she said. She added that a group has been formed which was in the process of laying down guidelines for these institutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12204140", "title": "Suchitra trapped by TMC gunmen?", "text": "KOLKATA: Suchitra Mahato - the dreaded rebel who fled from the Burisole forests encounter site in November last year - was the kind of fighter and strategist that the Maoists always wanted to showcase. She spent 13 years as an insurgent and was shrewd and ruthless. Did she really surrender or was she trapped?No one in the rebel ranks can imagine that this firebrand Maoist, who had led the massacre at the EFR camp in Silda, would make herself available to the Mamata Banerjee government so easily. But by all appearances, she did exactly that on Friday. Dressed in a saree, with her hair tidily done-up, and sporting the look of a next-door neighbour, she 'surrendered' at Writers' Buildings. Her face didn't reveal any turmoil within her.Her rebel comrades find this difficult to digest. They believe that Suchitra - the widow of Sashadhar Mahato - was trapped by the Trinamool-backed anti-Maoist forum Jana Jagaran Mancha in her home turf in Jhargram in the first week of December 2011, soon after she sneaked in from Jharkhand . This armed outfit, beating her at her own tactic, brought her to a \"safe house\" at Mukundapur along EM Bypass in Kolkata.In a strange turn of events, Suchitra had to marry Prabir Garai - a small-time PCPA activist who handed her to the Mancha.The police say they came to know about the operation only a few days ago.Those who know Suchitra would go by the second version of the development. The Suchitra they knew was \"tempered steel\", who saw her husband Sasadhar being gunned down and later would see Kishanji riddled with bullets in a bid to give her cover. Police say she escaped even as Kishanji was shot dead in Burishole forest on November 24, 2011.Where was she for the last 100 days? According to police, brothers Chamtu and Tarachand Tudu took the \"local didi\" on a bicycle to quack Bhudeb Mahato in neighbouring Benasole village. Suchitra was bleeding heavily from bullet wounds to her waist and leg. Police say she changed into a pink salwar, burnt her blood-soaked clothes, and slipped into Jharkhand. She apparently vanished after that.Rumours about her kept doing the rounds in Kolkata. Some said Suchitra has been paralysed by the gunshot injury. Some said that she had given birth to a baby and was willing to return to the mainstream. Suchitra's appearance at Writers' quelled all rumours except for the claim that she surrendered.Her trusted lieutenants in Lalgarh and Jhargram refuse to buy the police argument. Suchitra was not only a ruthless squad commander, she had a strong political acumen that often went at odds with her organisational boss Akash.Suchitra kept issuing Maoist press releases, under the alias of Baha Tudu, warning that the Trinamool Congress would do the same to Maoists as the CPM did if it came to power.She was also strongly opposed to the peace process with the Mamata Banerjee government while Akash, the CPI(Maoist) state secretary, backed the truce talks. The media caught on to this difference of opinion in the Maoist leadership.\"Like Kishanji and Sashadhar, Suchitra was aware that Trinamool would change its attitude towards the Maoists after becoming the rulers. Which is why she was so keen to field Chhatradhar Mahato against Trinamool in the assembly polls to send a strong message,\" said a Maoist party member.Suchitra's background and solo running of squads in a large stretch in Jangalmahal after Sasadhar's death, also doesn't gel with the story of her surrender. She was no greenhorn rebel.She was in the Maoist team that massacred 24 EFR jawans in Silda and was also part of the squad that attacked Sankrail police station and kidnapped police officer Atindra Nath Dutta.And like every ultra Suchitra was overpowered by the fire power of her rivals who took her to custody and handed over to the police.Born in a poor family at Dhansola village of Ramgarh - close to Lalgarh- the Class VI drop out had come out of her home and had been with the red brigade for more than past 13 years before she was recruited by Sashadhar Mahato in the Maoist outfit. The last she came to her village was 10 years ago with her husband Sasadhar, and never went back even after her husband's death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12209723", "title": "Twitterverse prays for Jagathy", "text": "With lakhs of cinema lovers tweeting their love and prayers from all over the world and Jagathy Sreekumar was trending by afternoonEver since the news of actor Jagathy Sreekumar's fatal accident broke, the entire online world has been buzzing with posts and tweets praying for the speedy recovery to the great comedian. The great actor who has been a part of more than 1000 malayalam cinema was seriously injured in a road accident at Panambra near the Calicut University at Thenhipalam in Malappuram district around 5 15 am on Saturday.Prayers and love for the beloved actor poured in huge numbers on social networking websites. Some of the top tweets were by the veterans of Mollywood. With lakhs of cinema lovers tweeting their love and prayers from all over the world and Jagathy Sreekumar was trending in India by afternoon.@mammukka All our prayers are with Jagathy Sreekumar, we need the great actor back to action. Pray for him@unnikrishnanb Shocked to hear abt Jagathy Chettan. Come back, you can't let us wait in sorrow and anxiety.Get well soon.Jagathy chettan has redefined malayali's laughter. As a comic genius he is at par with Kunjan Nambiar and VKN.@sri50 Shocked 2 hear about Jagathy Chettan's car accident. My prayers 4 his speedy recovery.@dhruvhere There is no parallel to Jagathy Sreekumar in sphere of acting.Hope he recovers fast and continue to entertain us!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12204363", "title": "Invigilators fret as darks colours change students' looks", "text": "NAGPUR: The colours of Holi many find favour with almost everyone, but when it comes to examination halls things are different. Invigilators, designated for duty in the ongoing board exams, are having trouble recognizing students appearing for the exams. With some students overindulging playing with dark colours, their faces look nothing like the two-dimensional photos on their admit cards.Anil Pardhi, divisional secretary, Nagpur board, said, \"The problem occurs mostly for students who are private candidates and are appearing for one or two papers. Our officials are extra cautious during these times to ensure that no impersonation case surfaces.\"He adds that till date no fake student has been caught in connection with the dark Holi colours but still the board is not willing to take any chances. \"Checking is always done very minutely but when it comes to Holi season that extra effort needs to be put in. The regular students have been coming in for almost two weeks now so the invigilators can recognize them no matter how dark the colours are. It is just for the private candidates that we really need to be careful,\" Pardhi added.Deepak Bajaj, a senior academician, said, \"Teachers are always careful while invigilating during these times but till date I have never seen any incident occur. Students too are becoming aware of the problems they could face and refrain from using dark colours during Holi.\"In fact, city MLC Nago Ganar has been trying to convince the government to tweak the board exam time-table in such a way that there is no paper immediately after Holi. \"I have written to the state board and urged them to have at least two days gap after Holi. The first and fore most reason for this is that students miss out on studies due to the festival and secondly the indirect problems due to the application of dark colours. Invigilators have to be on their toes in the days after Holi to ensure that no fake student sneaks past them,\" Ganar said.Even students nowadays seem to be playing it safe when it comes to Holi colours. Aashish Borkar, a Std XII student, said, \"Most of my friends in the colony are not appearing for boards and they were playing with strong colours. But I decided to refrain as it might create unnecessary problems for me in the examination hall. Though I will be able to prove my case it will lead to wastage of time and break my concentration which is not desirable.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12207436", "title": "Holi bash by Amit Hathiramani", "text": "It's that day of the year when revelling in colours becomes a must, bhaang no more a taboo. As the city got into a sab chalta hai mode on Thursday, we saw many letting their guard down at a city boating complex.At a party thrown by Amit Hathiramani, friends and friends' friends turned up for what you'd call a colour splash.The celebrations started sharp at noon. As gulal was chosen over inorganic colours, revellers made up for the loss with beer bottles that were generously poured on one another.Designer Abhishek Dutta , who gave his prim-and-propah appearances a break and turned up in three-fourth red pants, white tee and chappals, shared his style funda for the day. \"White is a must for a celebration like Holi. For me, it was a welcome break as I was away for nine days for the fashion week,\" he said.As Abhishek took a sip from his first glass of bhaang, there were many joining him.The party animals were also seen taking a pick from the phuchka platter and jalebis that were served hot. Sweet surrender!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12212754", "title": "After poll drubbing, Mayawati sets sights on Delhi", "text": "LUCKNOW: BSP chief Mayawati has decided to continue with her 'sarvjan' policy (social engineering) despite drubbing in the recent elections. She also seems to have decided to move to national politics, at least till next Lok Sabha elections. This came to the fore on Wednesday at a meeting of party leaders in which Mayawati distributed responsibilities of leading the party in the state among Muslim, brahman, dalit and backward class leaders. After defeat in polls, many described that her social engineering had failed.BSP state president Swami Prasad Maurya was elected leader of the party's legislature group. Maurya has won the assembly seat from Padrauna in Kushinagar district. He will also be the leader of the opposition in the state assembly as BSP has emerged as the second largest party. Naseemuddin Siddiqui was made leader of the party in the legislative council. Though it was clear that Swami would be made the leader of BSP in the assembly, there were doubts that Naseemuddin Siddiqui would be given the responsibility in after being indicted by the Lokayukt for corruption. But his selection shows that he still enjoys Mayawati's trust.Gurucharan Dinkar, who won from Naraeni seat of Banda, has been made deputy leader of BSP legislature group. Former energy minister in Mayawati government Ramveer Upadhaya will be party's chief whip in the assembly, while another former minister Vedram Bhati will shoulder the responsibility of the whip. No leader close to SC Mishra, BSP's Brahmin face, has got any position in state legislature party. Sources said that very few MLAs of his group have won elections this time. In 2007, when Mishra had successfully brought brahmans close to BSP leading to victory in the elections, all leaders close to him got good positions in the government.However, this time Mishra's close aide, lawyer Gopal Narayan Mishra, has been made deputy leader in the legislative council. Sunil Kumar Chittod has been made chief whip and Vinay Shakya will be the whip. Former minister Indrajeet Saroj, who won from Manjhanpur constituency of Kaushambi, has been treasurer of the state legislative party. Mayawati told party leaders not to be disappointed by assembly elections results and continue to work for the BSP's cause. She exhorted MLAs to boldly face 'SP government's politics of vendetta' and raise their voices at proper fora but under no circumstances take law in his/her hand.Mayawati is at present member of the state legislative council. But Behenji has not taken the responsibility of heading the legislative council group of the party, indicating that she would go to the Rajya Sabha, elections for which will be held later this month. The BSP has won only 80 seats in the assembly elections, hence it can elect only two members for the Rajya Sabha. The name of Mayawati's close aide and cabinet secretary in her government is also being taken for the Rajya Sabha nomination. Earlier, in 2004, Mayawati after losing power to SP in the state had moved to the national politics by getting herself nominated for the Rajya Sabha.Mayawati has called a meeting of party coordinators on Sunday in which she is expected to discuss the reasons of BSP's poll debacle and to draw further strategy, particularly for the Lok Sabha elections scheduled in 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12213041", "title": "Battered PDA to form strong opposition", "text": "IMPHAL: The People's Democratic Alliance (PDA), which suffered a humiliating defeat in the recently concluded Manipur assembly polls, has vowed to strengthen the alliance to ensure the existence of a strong opposition in the state.In the 60-member house, the ruling Congress won a landslide victory with 42 seats and the remaining were taken by the non-Congress opposition alliance formed by eleven parties. The remaining 18 were shared by five alliance partners-Trinamool Congress withseven seats, Manipur State Congress Party (MSCP) with five seats, Naga People's Front with four seats and one each by NCP and Lok Jan Sakti Party. CPI, Manipur People's Party (MPP), JD(U),BJP, CPI (M) and NPP did not win even a single seat in the assembly elections, the result for which was declared on Tuesday.\"We accept our defeat but all is not lost. There is no question of dissolving the PDA. It is in its infant stage and we will strengthen the alliance so that we can serve the society well,\" alliance convener M Nara Singh said on Saturday.\"Since there is a five-day holiday for Yaoshang (Holi), we will convene our post-poll election meeting after Yaoshang,\" Nara, who is also the state unit CPI secretary and a former minister, said, He added that a strong and united opposition front is the need of the hour.Nara said the alliance will chalk out a strong common minimum programme in its next meeting. Nara said the alliance lost due to the tremendous amount of money and muscle power used by the government. \"We have a strong doubt over the mechanisms of the EVMs utilized in the election as there is room for manipulation,\" he said. He added that many countries like USA and Russia are using the earlier system of voting on ballot papers to set aside such doubts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12203437", "title": "\u2018MoEF must clear Bandra infra project\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Decks are being cleared for an underpass and a flyover at Kherwadi junction in Bandra (E). Officials, however, state that the project will need a clearance from the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), since the land on which the underpass is being contracted comes under the costal regulation zone (CRZ) rules.The initial feasibility studies for the project have been completed and MMRDA officials are planning to appoint consultants to prepare a project report.\"The underpass will be built near Mithi river and mangroves. Hence, a clearance from the MoEF will be required,\" said a senior MMRDA official. Under the Rs 400 crore project, a 1.5-km underpass and a 300-m flyover will be constructed at Kherwadi to ease snarls on roads leading to BKC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12203565", "title": "Bandra Kurla Complex gets new BEST service, but at a price", "text": "MUMBAI: BEST has begun a special bus service connecting the suburban business centre, Bandra Kurla Complex (BKC), with Bandra (E) and Kurla stations, but the fare is a steep Rs 10.Office-goers who used the service complained as the BEST charges less on other routes in the area. A BEST spokesperson said the flat charge was being levied as buses go to various destinations in the complex .The No 183 service operates every 20 minutes. He said there were six buses but they may be increased.The services are expected to relieve problems faced by officer-goers who find it difficult to get transport. The regular routes which serve the area are normally overcrowded during peak hours. The centre has become a spot for taxi-drivers and autorickshaw drivers to fleece customers.The service was begun at the instance of the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority.BKC will have a population of several lakh office-goers in 10 years and will be served by the third line of the metro (Colaba-Bandra-Seepz).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12205418", "title": "Top spook, a Kayani man, is not known for Islamist tilt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lietenant general Zaheer-ul-Islam, who takes over from general Shuja Pasha as the ISI chief, is not known to have Islamist leanings. But that does not mean he will have anything but a hard-line approach to India, said sources tracking developments in Pakistan.As a former deputy director-general in the ISI, he is believed to have intimate knowledge of the state intelligence agency's political tentacles . As a taste of what they normally do, former ISI chief, Gen Asad Durrani admitted in the Pakistan supreme court on Friday that ISI is involved in funding politicians.Little is known about Lt Gen Islam, but it's clear that he is a choice of the army chief Gen Kayani. His appointment was not unexpected , being among the list of names being circulated, and he has the requisite seniority for the post.While Kayani was responsible for his appointment, it would have had to be a \"collegiate\" decision, and not a special gesture for one of his blue-eyed boys. The new ISI chief has also been privy to the policy of making peace deals with the Taliban in FATA as well as involved in providing security to Chinese forces in Gilgit.Islam is expected to retire in October, 2014, a year after Kayani retires. The question will be whether the new Pakistan army chief will seek to replace him or keep him on to ensure continuity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12207631", "title": "Due credit is not given to Prem Nazir: Ravi Vallathol", "text": "Actor Ravi Vallathol has epitomized the good-natured character in Mollywood but underneath that serene personality lays a wealth of experience of about 26 years playing close to 400 characters in television and cinema.After being part of the first-ever Malayalam television serial, Ravi is still an active television personality and also holds a distinction of being featured in six consecutive films of legendary director Adoor Gopalakrishnan, who he describes as \"the most-respected Indian filmmaker in the world.\"Being born to celebrated literary icon TN Gopinathan Pillai, Ravi was baptized in cinema from his childhood years with legendary stars Sathyan, Prem Nazir and Sheela visiting his home to read his father's scripts.However, what still upsets the actor is that due respect is still not bestowed in the capital city for these stalwarts.\"I believe that Malayalam cinema has reached this level mostly because of the sacrifices of actor Prem Nazir and yet there is no single statue erected in his honour,\" he says, signing off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12205180", "title": "New ISI chief not known for Islamist leanings", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lt Gen Zahirul Islam, who takes over from Gen Shuja Pasha as the ISI chief, is not known to have Islamist leanings. But that does not mean he will have anything but a hard-line approach to India, said sources tracking developments in Pakistan.As a former deputy director-general in the ISI, he is believed to have intimate knowledge of the state intelligence agency's political tentacles. As a taste of what they normally do, former ISI chief, Gen Asad Durrani admitted in the Pakistan Supreme Court on Friday that ISI is involved in funding politicians.Little is known about Lt Gen Islam, but its clear that he is a choice of the Army chief Gen Kayani. His appointment was not unexpected, being among the list of names being circulated, and he has the requisite seniority for the post. While Kayani was responsible for his appointment, it would have had to be a \"collegiate\" decision, and not a special gesture for one of his blue-eyed boys. The new ISI chief has also been privy to the policy of making peace deals with the Taliban in FATA as well as involved in providing security to Chinese forces in Gilgit.Lt Gen Islam is expected to retire in October, 2014, a year after Kayani retires. The question will be whether the new Pakistan Army chief will seek to replace him or keep him on to ensure continuity.Among the names being considered are the Chief of General Staff, Lt General Wahid Arshad, Corps Commander Karachi, Lt-General Muhammad Zahirul Islam and Corps Commander Peshawar, Lt-General Khalid Rabbani. All three are to retire in 2014. Lt. General Zahirul Islam also in the running for the post has had a previous stint with the ISI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12207827", "title": "Jagathy undergoes emergency surgery", "text": "Actor Jagathy Sreekumar underwent an emergency surgery to stop internal bleeding after being seriously injured in a road mishap in Thenjippalam, Kozhikode on Saturday.He had suffered injuries on his chest, abdomen and neck. The accident happened around 5 am when his car rammed into a road median. The driver of the car also sustained injuries.Sources at the hospital said the actor had walked out of the car and only lost consciousness after he had reached the hospital.The veteran actor was travelling to the sets of Lenin Rajendran's Edavapathi from Athirappally when the accident took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12202835", "title": "State hopes Parikkar will resolve Mahadayi crisis", "text": "BANGALORE: With BJP leader Manohar Parikkar being sworn in as Goa CM on Friday, Karnataka now hopes to break the impasse with the state over sharing Mahadayi waters.Mahadayi originates in the Western Ghats in Karnataka and flows into Goa under the name of Mandovi before joining the Arabian Sea near Panaji . Sources said chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda held a brief discussion with the Parikkar on this issue when they attended his swearing-in cermony on Friday.In 2006, Karnataka had initiated the construction work of Kalasa-Banduri Nala (canal) project across Mahadayi to end the drinking water scarcity faced by Belgaum, Bagalkot, Dharwad and Gadag districts. JD(S)-BJP coalition government led H D Kumaraswamy laid a foundation stone for the Rs 100-crore project at Kanakumbi in Khanapur taluk of Belgaum district.Under the project, the state plans to utilize 7.56 tmcft of water for drinking purposes across villages and cities in North Karnataka. But Goa took objection to it and pressurised the Centre to withdraw the permission it had given for the project when Karnataka was about to begin work on it in Goa. The issue is now before the Supreme Court.Goa is apprehensive of the likely damage on the fragile ecology and of the river system, which is the lifeline of the state. Successive governments have stayed clear of the issue not wanting to risk public opinion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204321", "title": "Cops in dock for framing man", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has come to the rescue of a man who was jailed for one and a half years after being arrested in a false case of possession of contraband. It has ordered initiation of criminal proceedings against four Delhi Police officials for forging records and submitting false documents before the court.While acquitting Kishan Kumar, 28, who has been facing trial since 2010, special judge Brijesh Kumar Garg directed the deputy commissioner of police (northeast) to file a criminal case against inspector Vijay Bhushan, sub-inspectors Mintu Singh and Rakesh Roshan, and head constable Puran for giving or fabricating false evidence with an intent to prove an offence that can invite up to life imprisonment.\"The aforesaid illegal acts of the police officials amount to the commission of offences punishable under Section 193 (punishment for false evidence), 195 (giving or fabricating false evidence with intent to procure conviction of offence punishable with imprisonment for life or imprisonment),196 (using evidence known to be false) read with Section 34 of the Indian Penal Code,\" the court said.The judge also directed the DCP to initiate \"separate departmental disciplinary proceedings against all the four police officials\" for keeping an \"innocent human being\" in jail. \"The police officials connived together to fabricate a false case against an innocent person. Due to the fabrication of false documents and a false case against the accused, these police officials have succeeded in keeping an innocent human being, behind bars since August 2010... He has been deprived of personal liberty for 18 long months,\" the judge noted while asking the DCP to file compliance report within three months.The cops had claimed that they had arrested Kishan Kumar on August 27, 2010, after he was found in possession of over 1kg of charas. The accused, however, claimed that he was picked up from his house and the alleged contraband had been planted on him.During the trial, the court found that the documents submitted by police were fabricated. Even the time of arrest varied in certain documents. The police's fabrication was nailed when the signatures of head constable Puran Singh, a witness, on his statement on oath in the court did not tally with the signatures on the documents pertaining to the case.\"All these manipulations &amp; fabrications clearly indicate that Puran Singh had been implanted as a witness later on, and all the above documents have been forged by SI Mintu Singh and SI Rakesh Roshan in connivance with inspector Vijay Bhushan and HC Puran Singh, for reasons best known to them,\" the judge noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12208084", "title": "New ISI chief shares tenuous link with Shah Rukh Khan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's new ISI chief, Lt Gen Zahir-ul-Islam, is the nephew of Indian National Army hero Shah Nawaz Khan and through him, shares a tenuous link with Bollywood star Shah Rukh Khan.Islam's father served as a brigadier in the Pakistan Army and Shah Nawaz Khan, who was a major general in the INA led by Subhas Chandra Bose, was his uncle, leading Pakistani defence analyst Ikram Sehgal told PTI.(The public relations department of the ISI, however, denied that there was a link.)\"One son of Shah Nawaz Khan went with him at the time of Partition, while another, Mahmood Nawaz, stayed on in Pakistan and became a full colonel. In fact, Mahmood Nawaz went and met his father only after retirement as he could not travel to India while he was in service,\" Sehgal said, providing details of the new ISI chief's extended family.Shah Rukh Khan's late mother Lateef Fatima was the adopted daughter of Shah Nawaz Khan, according to the Bollywood star's biography on several websites.Islam, who was yesterday appointed the new head of the powerful spy agency by Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani, comes from a military family and was born in the garrison city of Rawalpindi. It could not immediately be ascertained whether Islam had ever met Shah Nawaz Khan, who died in 1983.Shah Nawaz Khan was himself born at Kahuta and served in the British Indian Army during World War II. He was captured when Japanese troops overran Singapore in 1942 and then joined the INA. He subsequently fought alongside Japanese forces against the British in Burma (now Myanmar).Shah Nawaz Khan was captured by the British and put on trial with other INA officers in 1946. They were convicted for treason but were discharged due to intense pressure from the public.He later joined the Congress party and was elected to the Lok Sabha four times. Before Islam's appointment as the ISI chief, some media reports had suggested that Bollywood star Saif Ali Khan's uncle Maj Gen Isfandyar Ali Khan Pataudi, a deputy director general in the spy agency, was in the running for the top slot. However, sources told PTI that Pataudi was never seen as a serious contender for the post of ISI chief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12205078", "title": "Student union revival talks gain momentum", "text": "LUCKNOW: Will student politics take shape in Lucknow University (LU)? Discussions of revival of student union at LU have gained momentum after Samajwadi Party (SP) registered a resounding victory in the assembly elections. There is excitement, jubilation , besides fear and anger among the students.While most students are hopeful of student union making a comeback, others are sceptical. On March 6, when SP emerged as the largest party with an absolute majority, Samajwadi Chhatra Sabha (SP's student wing) and other student bodies raised slogans outside the student union building in Lucknow University. Not only this, the representatives of other student unions went department to department to greet students and teachers. Not only this, students have already started analysing the pros and cons of having a union. While majority of the students see it as apositive development, others are sceptical that its presence may disturb the academic atmosphere on the campus and might take a shape of 'goonda raj' which existed till 2006 when the SP was ruling the state. However, this time, students have a ray of hope with SP's young scion Akhilesh heading the mantle . Moreover, the party, in its manifesto, had clearly promised that student union elections would take place.\"We are hopeful that student union would make a come back in the university . If this happens, students will have a platform to put forth their problems to the university administration. It's a golden opportunity for us,'' said Shivarth Pandey, an arts student. Incidentally , Shivarth has also filed a writ petition demanding restoration of the student union. Favouring the revival of student union, another university student Rahul Arora said, \"Teachers and employees have their unions to raise their grievances, then why are students being deprived of it? By having a student union, we can tackle issues like fee hike, irregular examination schedule and others.''On the contrary, Vandana Shukla, a post-graduate student, feels that the student union will encourage anti-social elements to make entry in the university . \"The movement of girls will be restricted . I fear the student union will give birth to hooliganism on the campus .'' At university hostels too, students are discussing about the revival of student union. Abhiskek Yadav said, \"The union without three Ms - muscle, money and mafia - is welcome. The university has shown utter disgrace to the teachers , students and employees for the past many years. It's time they stopped behaving like dictators.'' Teachers, however , feel that the union will be radical. Head, department of sociology, Rajesh Mishra said, \"We welcome the student union as it adds to the democratic milieu of the campus. Student union is a natural component of any university. Also, the union would check the antistudent approach of the university administration.\" Other teachers feel that the university wasted a precious time of five years (since 2007 when the student union election was banned in the state). \"The upcoming union will be hostile in nature. Students, the university's biggest stakeholders, were sidelined in the past years. The provisions spelled by the Lyngdoh Committee, while conducting student union elections, can help in avoiding the past experiences,'' said Manoj Dixit, head, public administration department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12207129", "title": "Drought worries Dharwad villagers", "text": "DHARWAD: Villagers in Navalgund and Dharwad taluks of Dharwad district are unhappy over the state government's handling of the drought situation. Taking up the villagers' cause, farmer leader Gangadhar Patil Kulkarni, who was till recently with the BJP and who joined JD(S) on Thursday regretted that the measures taken by the administration were inadequate and did not help hapless villagers.He told reporters here that despite being declared as drought-hit by the government, the two taluks had not received relief so far.The villages continue to reel under shortage of drinking water, fodder and crop loss. With the onset of summer the situation is only likely to worsen further. \"The Central team recently visited both the taluks and submitted a report to the government stating that crops have been damaged here due to scanty rains and the farmers are at the receiving end. However, so far the government has not released crop insurance,\" Gangadhar alleged.Replying to a question, Gangadhar said that fodder banks established in the district have not been adequate and had not helped the villagers meet the requirement. He alleged that the fodder procured in these banks are being supplied to Andhra Pradesh and Maharastra. Because of this, local farmers are deprived of adequate fodder.Due to unavailability of fodder, farmers are forced to sell their cattle to the slaughter house, he added. He also alleged that the banks are also harassing the farmers to repay the loan amount and urged the government to immediately direct the banks to stop loan recovery. The banks should be asked to reschedule the loans, he said. Adding more woes to the farmers, the Hescom is supplying power for only four hours in rural areas. The farmers are unable to pump water and release it to the fields. Villagers want the government to intervene and ensure uninterrupted power supply for the rural areas for 12 h0urs a day and see that the farming activities are not affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12205545", "title": "Borude case: Victim made 'changes' in statements", "text": "MUMBAI: A sessions court said the victim in the rape case involving former police officer Arun Borude, who later committed suicide, had made improvements in her statements. \"It appears the victim has made improvements in her testimony before court and made out a new story and deposed about facts and incidents which are nowhere in the FIR,\" the additional sessions judge said in a 45-page judgment, a copy of which was made available to the prosecution and defence on Friday.The court on February 27 acquitted Shantabai Gaikwad (43), a resident of Filterpada, Powai, who was accused of pushing the girl into prostitution, and estate agents Chandrabhan Gupta (45) and Mohanchand Shyam (47), Powai residents accused of being Gaikwad's clients. DNA tests had proved that Shyam was the father of a baby the girl gave birth to in October 2010.Borude, a senior inspector at L T Marg police station at the time, went missing after the Powai police began investigating the case on November 1, 2010. After nearly 50 days on the run, he committed suicide on the Daund-Manmad railway tracks in Shrirampur. Borude was accused of repeatedly raping the girl but his name was deleted as the main accused after his death.The court refuted police claims that the victim was a minor at the time of the incident. The court relied on the medical papers admission card and discharge card submitted, in which the victim mentioned her age as 19. The court observed that the prosecution had not examined the medical officer who had issued the certificate to show the basis for assessing the girl's age as 15-16. Neither was an ossification test report produced, the court said.The court stated that the prosecution did not examine the watchman, liftman and residents of the building in Powai who had seen Gaikwad and the victim entering. The prosecution had said the victim was often taken to a flat in that building, where she was repeatedly raped by the accused. The court observed that the prosecution had not relied on their testimony even after the police had recorded their statements and they were listed as witnesses.The court took into consideration the fact that the victim failed to identify Gupta in the parade. The court observed that even though DNA tests proved that Shyam was the biological father of the victim's baby, there was no evidence to show he had a physical relationship with her against her will.\"The prosecution failed to establish that Gaikwad had received money from Shyam or that she was found living on earnings from prostitution or she forced minors into prostitution or supplying girls for prostitution,\" the court observed. The court stated that the prosecution had failed to establish beyond reasonable doubt that due to Gaikwad's inducement the victim had gone to the other accused and they had raped her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12204207", "title": "Security guard found murdered; kin's involvement suspected", "text": "KOLKATA: A private security guard of an under-construction building at Bangur Avenue was found murdered inside the premises on late Thursday evening. After initial probe, police have reason to believe that 32-year-old victim Raju Singh's brother-in-law Mantu Das was involved in the murder. Mantu was arrested later in the day.Probe revealed that Raju, Mantu and local miscreant Nandu gathered at the building on Thursday afternoon. There they consumed liquor and an altercation broke out between Raju and his brother-in-law.The argument led to a scuffle when Mantu suddenly hit Raju with a bamboo stick on his head. The latter fell on the floor, bleeding profusely. A puzzled Nandu and Mantu fled the spot while Raju bled to death. When locals spotted Raju and took him to RG Kar Hospital, he could not survive the severe blood loss.Mantu also works as a security guard at a housing complex at Bangur. Like Raju, he hails from Patashpur in East Midnapore. Police arrested Mantu and produced him before the court. Police are now looking for Nandu and others who were present at the spot during the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12213027", "title": "7 Bangla nationals held for illegal entry", "text": "GUWAHATI: Mamuda Begum, a mother of two, had never imagined that one day she would be spending a sleepless night outside the railway police lock-up at Guwahati station. On Friday night, she, along with her children and husband, were caught by a sleuth of Government Railway Police (GRP) for entering into the country illegally.Besides her family, five other men were also caught by the GRP on Friday night when the group from Bangladesh was planning to go to Aligarh (UP). The group was illegally sent to India by an agent in Tripura's Sonamura area.\"I wanted to get a good job for my family. The agent took Rs 500 from each of us for the purpose. He said we can go to Aligarh where there are jobs for us. Many have come like this to India and we also took the chance. But we were caught,\" said Selim, Mamuda's husband.\"They crossed the border in the Sonamura area of South Tripura. Then they took a bus to Dharmapur railway station. Through Lumding, they reached Guwahati and boarded the Kanchanjanga Express to go to Aligarh. They had no papers. We found some Bangladeshi currency in their possession,\" said a GRP official.Various groups in the state, which have been fighting against Bangladeshi influx, said the catch is only a result of government's failure in fencing the India-Bangladesh border. \"This is not new. Bangladeshis are coming to Assam and India through open areas along the border. We are seeking total sealing of the border for the last 30 years. But our pleas have fallen on deaf ears of the politicians, who are using the migrants as vote bank,\" said Shankar Prasad Roy, the president of Aasu.A top BSF official said, \"There were several open patches in the Sonamura area of the international border in Tripura.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12204661", "title": "Pratapsingh Rane quits as Kala Academy chief", "text": "PANAJI: Poriem MLA-elect and former legislative assembly speaker Pratapsingh Rane on Friday quit as chairman of Kala Academy. Rane, a record 10-time MLA, has also been the longest serving chairman of the apex state body for art and culture.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar, who told reporters that he had directed that all state-run corporations should be \"free of parasites by Tuesday\", said, \"In fact, one resignation has already come... from Kala Academy. We have accepted it and have directed the director of art and culture to take charge.\"Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12203366", "title": "Six arrested for bid to burgle Goa museum", "text": "MUMBAI: The police arrested six men who had planned to steal antiques from an archaeological museum in Goa.The accused had clicked photographs of the furniture in the museum using their cellphones and showed it to prospective buyers in Mumbai. The western region special squad arrested five accused-Krishna Ray (24), Bholanath Prajapati (23), Majid Khan (25), Amjad Qureshi (28) and Rahul Vaisha (22)-when in Khar where they planned a burglary on Wednesday. Two firearms and bullets have been recovered from the accused.The gang leader, Sher Ali Khan (28), was arrested on March 8. The accused confessed that they had stolen antiques from bungalows in Goa since the last few years and sold them in Mumbai.Sher Ali's relative owned a furniture shop in Oshiwara, where the antiques would be spruced up before they were sold off. When the gang visited Goa they would check in at hotels and conduct a recce of old bungalows, for which they would hire bikes locally.The accused would home in on large bungalows that had been locked. After they gathered information on the furniture, they would commit the burglary at night, the police said. \"They may have some accomplices in Goa who helped them commit the burglary. The accused stored the stolen goods at a temporary location in Goa before transporting it to Mumbai,\" said a senior police officer.\"The accused got a good price for old furniture in the city. Recently, they had sold a table for Rs 1.5 lakh to a shopkeeper,\" he added.The police are trying to find out about the burglaries that the gang committed in Mumbai and Goa. \"We have asked the Goa police about cases where furniture and fixtures have been stolen,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12204846", "title": "Sartaj sings at SGGS college farewell", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The final-year students of arts, commerce and computer science were given a farewell by their juniors at Guru Gobind Singh College for Women, Sector 26, on Friday. Dances, multi-cultural activities and bhangra marked the celebrations.Students from Manipur performed to soft music while the western dance and salsa put the audience in an exciting mood.Priyanka of MCom-II was declared Miss GGSCW 2012, Aakshi of BCom-III the first runners-up, and Tarandeep Lamba of BCA-III the second runners-up. Punjabi singer Satinder Sartaj was the chief guest, and sang his hit numbers, which had the students dancing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12204509", "title": "Brown sugar worth Rs 8.6 lakh seized in Aundh", "text": "PUNE: The anti-narcotics cell of the Pune crime branch on Thursday arrested a drug peddler from Aundh and seized 720 gm of brown sugar worth Rs 8.64 lakh from him.The peddler, Manoj Mangilal Kanwara (22), hails from Rajnagar taluka in Rajasmand district and lives near the Pune railway station. Acting on a tip-off, a police team led by inspector Satish Deore laid a trap at Aundh and arrested Kanwara.Deore said that police sub-inspector Vinod Patil and constable Sushil Kakade had received a tip-off that one person was going to sell brown sugar in the Aundh area. \"We laid a trap and nabbed Kanwara near a restaurant in Aundh.\"He said the police seized 720 gm of brown sugar from Kanwara. \"During sustained interrogation, he said he had brought the brown sugar from a dealer in Mumbai. He was asked to sell it in small packets in the city.\"Deore said that Kanwara has two cases, including a house break-in and theft, registered against him. \"He was released from the Yerawada central prison two months ago. He also said he had met the dealer when he was in the prison.\"Kanwara has been booked under sections 8, 21 and 22 of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act in a case that has been registered at the Chatushrungi police station.The investigating team comprised police constables Mukund Salunke, Dnyandev Ghanwat, Bharat Jarande, Rakesh Gujar and Vitthal Khilare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12202964", "title": "Only 25% of women travel solo: Study", "text": "MUMBAI: A study by online travel portal Cleartrip found that women travellers prefer to spend a little extra and book a good and safe hotel for their stay.\"Sixty-one percent of the bookings done by women were in hotels with tariffs above Rs 2,500 per night.\" Another interesting finding was that 76% women choose to book their tickets themselves. The remaining 24% booked for others, including spouses, family and friends.Among the women who booked for themselves, 39% used their personal credit card as the mode of payment. On travelling alone, only 25% of the women customers who booked with the site went solo compared to 46% men. In short, a majority of women, that is 75%, travelled in groups or with company. A majority of both men (96%) and women (95%) who booked on the website, booked domestic flight tickets.That long holidays are a thing of luxury was established across both genders. But 10% women booked holidays that were longer than seven days, compared to only 8% men. Only 6% women booked for weekend breaks compared to 7% men. \"From booking with their own credit cards, to choosing their preferred hotel or favourite airline, women have begun to take charge of their own travel. With a whopping 19% of women bookers on Cleartrip in 2011, we see this number only growing,\" Swain added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12204804", "title": "Mapusa civic chief faces no-confidence motion", "text": "MAPUSA: A no-trust motion has been moved against Mapusa municipal council (MMC) chairperson Ashish Shirodkar, three days after he lost the assembly election in which he contested on a Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) ticket for Mapusa constituency.The motion proposed by councillor Vijeta Naik stated that Shirodkar should be removed from the post of MMC chairperson as \"he had lost the confidence of the council\".Eight MMC councilors also submitted a notice to the directorate of municipal administration (DMA), asking it to convene a special council meeting under Section 56 of Municipalities Act, 1968, for Shirodkar's ouster at the earliest.The signatories to the motion included Marlene D'Souza, Renuka Bhakta, Ilma Braganza, Sandeep Falari, Antonio Alvares, Vijeta Naik, Manisha Kavlekar and Sudhir Kandolkar. The councilors have accused the chairperson of non co-operation, \"failure in gaining the confidence of fellow councilors\", while alleging that he was protecting and promoting illegalities in the council's administration.\"If the development of Mapusa is being blocked by the government because of me and the government thinks that the municipality's leadership should change, then I have no objections to it,\" Shirodkar said. \"I am of the opinion that the municipality should be backed by the government. I am for the development of Mapusa and will not sit tight on my seat obstructing development,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12206566", "title": "Budding cricketers praise Dravid's decision", "text": "LUDHIANA: Budding city cricketers have given a thumbs up to the retirement decision of Rahul Dravid , saying it will give a chance to the young talent to come forward and play for the Indian cricket team.Says 10-year-old Manjot Singh, a right hand batsman while practicing shots at PAU grounds, ''Rahul Dravid has not been playing well for some time. There is a lot of talent in India, which needs to be given a chance to play for the country. However, he is a great batsman and has played very well for the country for many years. His performance against strong sides like Australia, South Africa and Pakistan speaks amply for his batting class.''Arjun Arora, 11, son of a BRS Nagar businessman and right handed batsman who considers Brain Lara as his favourite, says, ''He could have played for 1-2 tournaments and then retired. He has been playing for Indian cricket teams for long and authorities can use his services in helping budding batsman also.''Eighteen-year-old Davinder Sidhu, right hand batsman of Pakhowal Road area, says, ''Dravid is perhaps one of the best batsmen India has ever had. I still remember his innings of 233 against Australia at Adelaide. His technique and temperament are the qualities which made him so famous in the cricket world. As a cricketer, I would love to have a solid defence like him, however I believe his decision to retire from international cricket is a wise one. He is already 39 years old and age is reflecting on his performance.''Kabirjyot Garewal, 16, an all-rounder of New Prem Nagar, says, ''By retiring from international cricket, Dravid has wisely given a chance to young budding cricketers to show their class. I believe his age was one of the main factors, which led him to take this decision.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12204049", "title": "Superbike club cruises into city", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Almost 18 years back Saurin Shah, a lawyer from Ahmedabad, used to own a motorcycle. Couple of months back, he happened to pass by the Harley Davidson showroom in the city and began checking out the motorcycles there. One of the gleaming machines that run on a 1,600 cc mill caught his fancy. Shah could not resist himself. Within half an hour Shah had placed an order for the motorcycle to be delivered at his residence.\"The moment I saw the machine, I fell in love with it. I did not even take a test ride. I took the first ride with my wife riding pillion,\" said Shah.Shah's passion has now found company of a group of 55 owners of Harley Davidson motorcycles across the state. They have formed a formal riding club called 'Harley Owners Group' (also known as HOG) of Gujarat. The riders group was announced at a riders' meet at Daman on March 5. Around 20 owners from Ahmedabad rode down to Daman, to celebrate the event. Here, they were joined by another group of around 40 bike lovers who came riding their motorcycles from Mumbai.\"We have around 55 riders from Gujarat in the group at the moment. There are another 15 riders in various places, like Surat, Rajkot, Navsari, Vadodara, and Vapi, who may join. We will be reaching out to them soon. With the formal group in existence, we are trying to chart out a series of rides to be organized through out the year,\" said Vishal Amin, 39-year-old Amdavadi. Amin has stopped driving around in his car since he bought his 883cc motorcycle.The owners of these American V-twin classic motorcycles include students, professionals, and businessmen, with their age group of an equally wide band ranging from as young as 19 to over 60.\"I spend my Saturdays and Sundays riding my new motorcycle. I hardly enjoy driving my car anymore,\" said Shah who is also planning to explore the Himalayan terrains on his motorcycle in the next few months.ProfilesSahil Dalal, 21, finished college last year and is setting up his own business. Three months back he bought his first ever motorcycle, a 1,200 cc Harley. \"I never owned a motorcycle. I had decided that if I ever buy one, it will only be from this series of big V twin engine. It is a proud thing to own one of these. Apart from the fun of its unique exhaust notes and the high torque, the feeling of brotherhood among the riders is equally enjoyable,\" says Dalal. In last three months he has clocked 3,000 km on the odometer. \"Now I am looking forward to more group rides through the HOG. These group rides are an opportunity to meet like minded people and share similar passions.\"Vishal Amin, Ahmedabad based manufacturer of cement-pipes, is 39-years-old. Amin bought an 883 cc motorcycle around 10 days back. \"I had been riding motorcycles for the last three years. The last one I owned was a 250 cc machine and I was eager to upgrade to a heavier and more powerful engine. Recently a friend brought an 883 cc motorcycle. After seeing and test riding his motorcycle, I quickly bought a similar one. I have stopped using my car altogether,\" Amin adds with a smile.Nawed Ansari, 19, is in second year of BCom course. Ansari had bought an 883cc machine around three months back. Though he wanted to buy a 1,000 cc super bike, his father he did not want him to go speeding on city roads. Ansari's father, who runs a bakery, however, agreed with the idea of buying a cruiser as it is a motorcycle that is fun to ride at low speeds as well. \"Popular belief that these motorcycles need straight and empty roads is not correct. I have been comfortable riding my motorcycle into the busiest of the places at rush hours,\" says Ansari.Srijith Panicker, 21, is a IT entrepreneur who bought an 883cc model around three months back. \"I used to own simple motorcycles and used to move around more in cars until I recently went to check out jackets at the showroom. There, one of the staff fired up the engine and I instantly fell in love with the roaring sound of the exhausts. Two days later I came back to the showroom and picked up one,\" said Panicker. He has driven more than 5,000 kilometers now. \"I am the rises so much that I am already planning to upgrade to bigger engine,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12203139", "title": "Students get a study date under the stars", "text": "CHENNAI: Beginning Monday, parents of class 12 students may encourage their wards to spend an entire evening at the Elliot's or Marina beaches or at any of 20 corporation parks where they can realize their dream of watching movies and studying simultaneously under the twinkling stars.The Corporation of Chennai and a multimedia design company have joined hands to screen films on physics, chemistry, botany and zoology. \"The films will explain every chapter in detail, according to the state board syllabus, with 2D and 3D animations,\" said R S Shiva Prakasam, chairman and managing director of SASEL which has created the animation CDs.The films, to be screened through an LCD projector handled by SASEL's team, will teach an entire subject that schools take a year to complete in just 12-13 hours each.\"An entire subject will be taught in one stretch. But interested students can approach our team members, find out when a particular subject like molecular chemistry, or stem cell theory is being screened, and just attend that session,\" said Shiva Prakasam. The screening will be on till April 30.Corporation officials hope the initiative will provide visual teaching aids to students of corporation and government schools that currently lack such facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12203501", "title": "HC stalls selection for Group II posts", "text": "HYDERABAD: A division bench of the High Court on Friday directed the AP Public Service Commission (APPSC) not to issue final appointment letters to the candidates selected for Group-II posts. However, the court made it clear that APPSC can go ahead with the ongoing interviews as part of the selection process.The bench comprising Justice V Eswariah and Justice K G Shankar made the interim order while dealing with a writ petition filed by Kyalasa Rao and others. They had earlier moved the AP Administrative Tribunal (APAT) saying that the APPSC had prohibited usage of pencils and erasers and insisted on usage of ball pens while answering objective type questions.They complained that the usage of whiteners spoiled the evaluation process. The petitioners said that many used whiteners which led to malpractices. The APAT refused to stay the selection process while admitting the case. Aggrieved by the same, the writ petition was filed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12208373", "title": "Success of 'Deool' buoys spirit of Marathi cinema", "text": "Carving a niche for themselves with an extraordinary performance that won them accolades at the just announced 59 th National Film awards, which adjudged 'Deool' as the best movie, city artistes are upbeat over the recognition that is bound to boost Marathi cinema.A host of city based artistes were elated as the National films awards announced in the capital featured them in various categories that included best actor, best playback singer, best dialogue writer, best biographical documentary, as well as best make-up man in addition to the best film award shared by 'Deool' with the Kannad 'Byari'.Since the landmark Marathi film 'Shyamchi Aai', made by the legendary Acharya Atre won the President's gold medal in 1954 and the honour was repeated with 'Shwaas' bagging the top award in 2004, this year's all round and collective achievements for the Marathi film industry has been exceptional.Girish Kulkarni who won the best actor award for his performance in 'Deool' -- which revolves around the theme of man and religion with the dimension of globalisation---- said, \"It is a great honour for Marathi film making and the team that produced Deool\".Interestingly, Kulkarni has also won the award for best dialogues that he penned for 'Deool' which he treasures more. Reacting to the dual honour, he said, \"Getting an award for dialogue writing is more important for me as this has also bestowed an honour on Marathi language in addition to the film and I am proud of this achievement. So far as the acting is concerned, I still regard myself as a student learning continuously.\"For the 'Deool' director, Umesh Kulkarni, the success at the national level is a \"collective achievement of the new breed of Marathi film directors and artistes\".Talking about the films which was widely publicised through social networking sites, Kulkarni said, \"the film which has already completed 100 days of screening in Maharashtra, will attract a wider audience outside the state with the national award,\" adding that the regional film with its diverse themes deserved a country-wide exposure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12204870", "title": "Three youth held in bank robbery case", "text": "MADURAI: Three youth including a contract employee in the Tiruvarur Collectorate were arrested by the city police on charges of robbing a bank in the city. The Bank of Baroda branch at Sakthivelammal Street in SS Colony was robbed on February 23 and the accused had slipped away stealing computer gadgets including hard disks.The SS Colony police had registered the case and investigated it from many angles including probing if it was the handiwork of insiders since hard disks consisting of bank transactions were stolen. Based on the instructions from the commissioner of police, P Kannappan, a special team was formed to crack the case. The police found that the fingerprints collected from the crime scene had a match with those collected after a robbery at an apartment in the year 2005. The fingerprints matched Sureshkumar (22) of Virathipathu who was involved in that case. Police nabbed Sureshkumar, who on interrogation, confessed that he was involved in the bank robbery.Addressing media persons here on Friday, deputy commissioner, C Rajendran (Crime) said that Suresh had confessed to his involvement in the bank robbery. He had gained access to the bank by breaking open the back door. He also tried to open the safety locker in the bank and when he was not able to do so, he contacted Sam Kirubakaran (23) from Tuticorin who worked in the computer section at the Tiruvarur district collectorate as a contract worker. After Suresh narrated his bank robbery attempt, Sam alerted him that his images would have been recorded in the CCTV placed in the bank. He instructed him to remove the hard disk before leaving the place to evade police. Based on his instruction, Suresh removed the hard disks and took away computer monitors and CPUs from the bank, Rajendran said.\"We tracked him through the fingerprints collected in the bank and he told the police that he had given the computer gadgets to his friend Mummurthy (22) who ran a cell phone shop in Nagamalai Pudukottai. Based on his confession, Sam Kirubakaran and Mummurthy were nabbed by the police for assisting in the bank robbery,\" he said. The commissioner of police appreciated the police team and the fingerprint experts for cracking the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12205076", "title": "Hoardings that emerged overnight, vanish overnight", "text": "LUCKNOW: The giant hoardings of Samajwadi Party (SP) that came up at vantage points of the city on Wednesday, hours after the party's stupendous success , were pulled down within 24 hours. The hoarding, featuring the SP chief and his son and also the worker congratulating them on the success, had strategically replaced the hoardings of Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP).Although Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC) officials said that the hoardings were pulled down as they were illegal, SP sources confirmed that the direction came from Akhilesh Yadav. \"This was his attempt to look different from the previous regime,\" a party worker said. When asked, additional municipal commissioner PK Srivastava said, \"The hoardings and banners were illegal and so were removed.''On Wednesday, less than 12 hours of SP emerging as the single largest party with an absolute majority, the city was painted in red. Posters, banners and hoardings with congratulatory messages stood tall at all prominent places like Gomtinagar, Vikramaditya Marg (where SP camp office is situated), Kalidas Marg and Hazratganj.But on Friday morning when TOI visited these areas, not a single hoarding was seen anywhere. Three life-size hoardings that were put right across the road leading to CM's residence, announcing the victory of Mulayam, were missing. At this place, another hoarding has come up, while the other two places are yet to be filled. The entire road along the Lohia Path no more convey warm wishes to SP as party posters and banners have been removed.Similarly, the cut-outs and banners went missing from Vikramaditya Marg. Only a handful of people, party workers and supporters were seen near the SP office . Some of the shops that sell election material like party flags, symbol etc were also closed. To much surprise, even traffic police were present just outside the party gate to ensure smooth traffic movement.The party loyalists who had shown their affection for the party by putting up posters, banners and hoardings at roadsides and prominent crossings like Hazratganj and Loreto were disappointed . \"We wanted everyone to know that SP is back in power. Putting up hoardings was just our way to express that,'' said a party worker. Another party functionary said that the party is trying to learn from the past mistakes. \"Unnecessary publicity by putting up posters and banners was one of the reasons for our loss in 2007. Therefore, it has been decided to abstain from it this time,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12203492", "title": "Arrest warrant against reality TV actor", "text": "MUMBAI: An arrest warrant has been issued against reality television actor Payal Rohatgi by a metropolitan magistrate court in Andheri after she failed to appear in a cheque-bouncing case. Soapbox, a public relations firm, had filed a complaint against Rohatgi after a Rs 2.23 lakh cheque, issued by her towards their commission, was dishonoured and she failed to pay the amount thereafter.The court issued directions to the police to arrest Rohatgi and produce her.The warrant is bailable, so if the actor produces a surety and a bail amount of Rs 5,000 at the next hearing in the court on March 16, she will be released.According to the complaint filed by Soapbox CEO Avantika Sinha, Rohatgi hired the firm's services in March 2011 and signed a letter of understanding. The firm used its contacts to bag the actor a place in a reality show being aired on a television channel.Rohatgi signed a participant agreement with the production company regarding remuneration she would be paid in June 2011.\"Rohatgi agreed to pay Soapbox a commission of 15% of the amount she would get from the production house for as long as she survived in the show. She issued a cheque of Rs 2.23 lakh as part payment. But when Sinha presented the cheque at a bank in October 2011, it was dishonoured. The bank said Rohatgi had issued instructions to stop payment,\" said Sinha's counsel, Shounak Mehta.Sinha then exchanged emails with Rohatgi, pointing out the problem, but got no response. In November 2011, Sinha presented the cheque once again, hoping her dues would be cleared. But it was again returned unpaid with a remark that the payment had been stopped.On November 10, 2011, Sinha sent a legal notice to Rohatgi.The same month, she got a reply from a Delhi legal firm, Sharma &amp; Associates, which told her to return all original cheques issued by Rohatgi.\"As Rohatgi failed to pay the amount of the dishonoured cheque within the stipulated period, we filed a complaint in court against her under Section 138 of the Negotiable Instruments Act,\" Mehta added. Sharma &amp; Associates said they no longer represented Rohatgi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12204420", "title": "9,000 stolen from temple's donation box", "text": "PUNE: The Datta Temple in Dhanori was broken into on Monday morning and Rs 9,000 was stolen from its donation box.A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Balasaheb Tingre (45) at the Vishrantwadi police station.The Vishrantwadi police are investigating further.Gold chain snatchedTwo men on a motorcycle snatched a gold chain valued at Rs 1 lakh from Chandrakala Naidu (39) in Wanowrie on Tuesday morning. Naidu has lodged a complaint with the Wanowrie police. She said she was walking towards Command Hospital when the incident occurred.Theft in PimpriAn office in Pimpri was broken into and Rs 4.5 lakh stolen. The incident came to light when employees came to work on Tuesday morning. According to the police, the suspects broke the grills on the shutter to enter the office. The Pimpri police are investigating further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "12213004", "title": "Facebook faces flak over surname mess", "text": "JORHAT: The All Assam Chutia Students' Union (Aacsu) on Saturday raised serious concern against a social networking site blocking the accounts of thousands of Chutia community subscribers believing the accounts to be fake and fabricated. Chutia, pronounced Sutiya, is a community in Assam while the word is a commonly-used derogatory term in Hindi.Addressing a press conferrence in Jorhat, Aacsu general secretary Jyotiprasad Chutia said: \"'Facebook has blocked the accounts of all the subscribers belonging to the Chutia community of Assam thinking the names are false and fabricated. For Chutia being an abusive word in the Hindi language, Facebook authorities thought that the account holders are fake and fabricated. But, they are still unknown to the fact that Chutia is an ethnic tribe of Assam which has a rich historical background in the state history.''The students' organization also decided to burn an effigy of the social networking site in the five upper Assam districts of Tinsukia, Dibrugarh, Sivasagar, Jorhat and Golaghat on Monday and demanded public apology from the social networking website for their action.''We are very unhappy with authority as they have even failed to verify the matter seriously before taking a step like blocking thousands of our accounts. We think it may be a deep-rooted conspiracy against our community and so we warn them to abstain from such acts in the future. They even failed to verify the truth when they blocked the accounts of some prominent personalities and popular artists like Krishnamoni Chutia, who belongs to our community. We protested this negligence and demanded them to reactivate our accounts immediately,'\" he said. He added that there is also some other condemnable instance in the state where the word Chutia is being used as a slang word.The organization has announced they will stage a sit in demonstration in Guwahati to pressure the government to fulfill their 26-point charter of demands. ''We have decided to stage a sit in protest at Last gate on March 15 to push our 26-point charter of demands that includes tribal status and reservation for the Chutia community in educational institutions and preservation of historic monuments of the Chutia dynasty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12203457", "title": "Power cuts disrupting water supply", "text": "HYDERABAD: Power cuts have led to a massive disruption in the drinking water supply in Greater Hyderabad area.For instance, the Water Board is supplying a total of 180 million gallons a day (MGD) from Krishna Phase I and II to areas such as Karwan, Charminar, Chandrayangutta, Goshamahal and Yakutpura assembly constituencies and Secunderabad. But for Bahadurpura, the Water Board is supplying water from Osmansagar. In both the areas, residents faced a major problem on Friday. According to sources, around 100 calls were received from the residents complaining about lack of water supply. Another 30 calls were received regarding low pressure and delay in water supply.When TOI contacted HMWS&SB; chief general manager (Transmission), V Visweswaraiah, he said, \"We are coordinating with the APCPDCL officials to ensure smooth water supply\". On Thursday, the CPDCL had suddenly announced power cuts and, as a result, operations at the pumping stations of Krishna phase-I and II were affected. \"Due to this, there was delay in water supply,\" he claimed.Meanwhile, vexed with the Water Board's apathy regarding payment of bills, Bhagya Nagar Contractors' Welfare Association, Greater City Contractors Welfare Association, HMWS&SB; Board, Telangana United Contractors Forum and New Bhagya Nagar Contractors Welfare Association have threatened to boycott emergency/maintenance works from March 15.The contractors said emergencies like repairs to pipeline damages, unclogging water lines, valve repairs, replacement of damaged sewerage pipes and maintenance of water pumping stations would not be undertaken if they decided to go on a strike. \"The Water Board has not cleared bills to the tune of Rs 15 crore for the last two years. Several reminders to officials have not yielded any positive results,\" said a contractor.\"All the contractors associations of HMWS&SB; unanimously decided to stop all the ongoing works including 100 days programme from March 15 until the payments are released,\" according to an official release issued by the contractors' associations on Friday", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12213445", "title": "Chatra youth 'burnt alive' in Holi fire", "text": "RANCHI: A youth was burnt to death after he was allegedly pushed by four villagers into the fire on the occasion of \"Holika dahan\" at Maoist-hit Kasiadih village in Chatra district.Police sources said 22-year-old Guddu Yadav was celebrating \"Holika dahan\" with other villagers when four youths allegedly pushed him into the flames on the intervening night of Wednesday-Thursday. The village is located around 20 km from Jori police station of the district.\"Guddu was burnt to ashes within minutes because of intense fire and no one dared to even make attempts to save him. Instead of making any attempt to save him, the villagers fled from the place,\" said police.Chatra SP Anup Birthare said police were investigating the case from two angles as the villagers and family members had contradictory versions. \"The villagers said Guddu was under influence of alcohol and other intoxicating substances like ganja and 'bhang'. While moving around the 'Holika dahan' with his friends he lost balance and fell in the fire. Since the fire was intense, no one dared to make any attempt to save him and he died within a couple of minutes,\" said the SP. On the other hand, family members of the deceased claimed that Guddu was pushed into the fire. \"However, no one from the family was present on the spot nor did anybody see him being pushed into the fire.\"Keeping in mind the contradictory version, the SP has asked local police to lodge an FIR and investigate the matter from both angles. \"An FIR has been lodged against four members of a family from the same village, on the statement of the kin of the deceased. We hope that the truth will come to the fore soon,\" said the SP.In another incident, the house of a self-styled zonal commander of CPI ( Maoist) was set ablaze at Kusmai village of Chatra district on Saturday. Police said a group of armed men went to the house of Dharmendra Yadav early on Saturday and asked the residents to vacate their house before setting it on fire. \"We suspect that those involved in arson were members of some splinter groupand they set the house on fire to establish supremacy in the area,\" said police.Meanwhile, two persons, Jai Prakash Singh Neeraj Singh, were beaten to death by villagers at Baridahar in Latehar district. Their friend Suresh Parahia is struggling for life at a hospital in Barwadih. Latehar SP Kranti Kant said, the three youths tried to misbehave with a married woman.\"When the youths tried to misbehave with a married woman in the name of playing Holi, the villagers caught and thrashed them. Jai Prakash and Neeraj died on the spot while Suresh is struggling for life.\" Police arrested five villagers in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12204770", "title": "Jyotsna Gawai is Akola mayor", "text": "AKOLA: Jyotsna Gautam Gawai of BRP-BMS was elected as mayor of the newly-elected 73-member Akola Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) on Friday noon, official sources informed.Jyotsna (22), who studied till class seventh, defeated her lone rival BJP's nominee Karuna Ingle (30) by a margin of five votes. Ingle is B.Sc in microbiology. Jyotsna bagged 39 while Karuna got 34 votes. Congress-led Maha Aaghadi crossed the magic figure of 37 with support from Vijay Agrawal and his wife Sunita of Akola Vikas Aaghadi and Gopi Thakre (independent).Meanwhile, Congress' Rafiq Siddiqui won the deputy mayor's post by defeating his only opponent Ajay Sharma of BJP. Siddiqui secured 39 while Sharma got 34 votes.Addressing a press conference immediately after the election results were declared, guardian minister Rajendra Darda assured that the new administrative body would bring in development to the city. BRP-BMS chief Prakash Ambedkar sought BJP's co-operation by not opposing development projects planned for the city. Congress observer Ziya Patel too was present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12204777", "title": "Lively float parades to celebrate Shigmo fest", "text": "PANAJI: The Shigmo festival is a harbinger of spring in the rural areas of the state. In cities, it is synonymous with colourful parades of folk dancers winding through crowded streets. Effigies of gods and demons from Hindu mythology will come alive atop floats starting March 10 with the Shigmo parade in Panaji.Lively floats, energy-filled Romtamel performances and authentic folk dances will begin crawling through the 18th June road after 4pm.Prize money worth over 4.20 lakh will be distributed in the Chitrarath, Romtamel, Lok-kala Nrutya and Individual Fancy Dress categories. Folk performances will be presented parallel to the parade at Azad Maidan in the capital city.The annual Shigmo parade in Margao promises an exciting Sunday outing for families on March 18. The Margao Shigmo committee will have its first official meeting on March 10 at the Margao municipal council (MMC) to chalk out the detailed programme. Revelers of all age groups, including tourists, are expected to line the route of the parade from Holy Spirit church square till the MMC square.\"The department of tourism sent us a letter on February 23 informing us that the Shigmo festival is to be celebrated from March 9 to 22 across fourteen centers throughout Goa,\" said MMC chief officer J B Bhingui.Incidentally, as has happened in the past, there are two other groups one led by former chief minister Digambar Kamat and the other led by former Fatorda MLA Damodar Naik, who are both claiming to have plans to organize Shigmo celebrations. However, sources stated that efforts are on in the hope of ending the duality in the celebrations in an amicable manner.In Pernem, floats will adorn the stretch from the town area to the Viscount ground on March 12 starting 5.30pm.Shigmo is one of the oldest festivals celebrated in Goa and the most important festival for the tribals - Velips - in the forested interiors. It marks the last month of the Hindu calendar - Falgun - and arrival of springtime after the chilly winter months, and is celebrated by throwing saffron and pink colours in the air.Mapusa, Bicholim, Sanquelim, Valpoi, Vasco, Sanguem, Curchorem, Canacona, Cuncolim and Quepem will be the other areas where the Shigmo parades will provide a visual delight. Felicitation of veteran folk artists like Ghumat player Pandurang Parab, tiatr artist Filipe Pereira and bhajani kalakar Khemraj Tari in Panaji is planned this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12203937", "title": "Mass divorce from prostitution", "text": "AHMEDABAD: \"Mother, am I your love or the reason for all that is painful in your life or am I your liability? I am not the fruit of your love; I came to this world owing to your profession. I don't blame you for this, but today we are examples of how daily necessities push one to take a beaten track. You are my mother, this is as true as another bitter truth - neither you nor I know who my father is...\"This is an excerpt of a poem by Gujarati poet Madhav Ramanuj for invitation cards to a unique mass wedding that will be held at Wadia in Banaskantha district. Ramanuj is part of a cause which aims to marry prostitutes of Wadia and usher them back into the mainstream of society.March 11 is the historic date of the mass wedding. This hamlet of North Gujarat has been known for prostitution since pre-Independence days. Most men of the village openly solicit clients for their women.There have been many attempts to bring the women of this village out of prostitution, but due to the high acceptance among their own community, the women were pushed back into the fold. The girls were not considered marriage material since they carried the stamp of being daughters of prostitutes.But the turning point in their lives will be witnessed by people from all over the world.The initiative has had its ripple effect among traders and businesses of neighbouring villages. \"The women of this village had to travel all the way to Rajasthan to purchase anything from clothes to cosmetics to avoid snide remarks,\" said Mittal Patel, the coordinator of Vicharta Samuday Samarthan Manch which has been spearheading this movement. \"But now, shop owners of Tharad town have assured that all the wedding fineries would be sold on no-profit no-loss basis.\" Officers of the state government recently visited the village and sanctioned house-building grants.Even clients' hearts has changedThe clients of the prostitutes of Wadia have stepped forward to help. \"I got a call recently and the caller turned out to be a customer,\" said Mittal Patel, who is at the vanguard of the revolution in Wadia. \"He said he has a daughter with a prostitute of Wadia, and offered to make a hefty donation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12205157", "title": "Odisha CM seeks international status for Biju Patnaik Airport", "text": "NEW DELHI: Odisha wants its lone domestic airport to be upgraded to an international one. Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Friday put forth this demand before Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh, highlighting how the state needs to upgrade the airport in light of significant inflow of foreign investment and foreign tourists' visit to the eastern state.Patnaik, who met Singh here, reportedly told the Union minister that Odisha does not have adequate air connectivity, impeding the industrialization process and the growth of tourist traffic. The CM pointed out that the state has incredible tourist destinations including the Sun Temple at Konark, Lord Jagannath Temple at Puri, several beautiful beaches and the largest brackish water lake, Chilka. A government release said that Patnaik stressed upon the dire need to scale up infrastructural support for the aviation sector in the state.He requested Singh to declare Biju Patnaik Airport as an international airport and provide the required facilities, including an international terminal with 24x7 ATC operations, Customs and immigration facilities and security. He proposed the ministry to accord early clearance to those airlines that are interested to operate international flights to and from Bhubaneswar.Patnaik also requested Singh to provide necessary infrastructure support to the Jharsuguda airport to enable domestic airlines to operate from there.A release from the Odisha government said that Singh assured Patnaik that \"his ministry will immediately prepare a note for seeking the approval of the Cabinet for upgrading Biju Patnaik Airport to an international airport. For Jharsuguda airport, the Union minister stated that the length of the airstrip will be increased to the desired minimum to make it operational for domestic airlines, at the earliest. He also assured the CM that his ministry will actively explore the possibility of connecting Bhubaneswar to the Middle East and South East Asian countries.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "wasington", "code": "12206671", "title": "Four US flights hit by lightning; narrow escape for passengers", "text": "WASINGTON: Passengers on board four aircraft had a narrow escape as their planes were struck by lightning in Houston airspace.According to the Houston Airport System officials, lightning hit United flight 1001 from Houston to Bogota on Friday afternoon.Airline officials said 124 people were on board. The plane was sent back to Houston and landed safely. A United Express flight from Houston to Mobile, Alabama was also struck by lightning in the air.That plane, which had 47 people on board, returned to Houston and landed safely.There was smoke in the cabin on both flights after being struck by lightning, the Houston Fire Department said.The third plane was Delta 1832, an MD-80 plane from Atlanta.The pilot reported he was struck while approaching Houston but landed safely at Hobby airport. No injuries were reported.The FAA also said AirTran flight 297, a Boeing 717, on its way to Hobby Airport from Atlanta , was also struck by lightning but landed safely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12207764", "title": "Vidya is the hero of 'Kahaani', says Sujoy Ghosh", "text": "There was a slight flutter for Sujoy Ghosh's \" Kahaani\", but the director seems to have put all of that behind him with his Friday release.Kolkata Metro Railway authorities had objected to a scene that showed Vidya being pushed in front of a speeding train. But the matter has been sorted out now. \"The fact is, if you see a snapshot, it might evoke a certain emotion - and rightly so. I've presented my views to the Metro authorities and the scene has been removed from the trailer. But cinema te achhe,\" says Sujoy.Sujoy has no qualms agreeing that Vidya is the hero here. \"The hero tag is attributed to a person and that of heroine to a film. Vidya's contribution to the film has not just been limited to acting, but to all aspects of filmmaking - production and promotion. She has an ownership over the film. Just as she is relentless in finding her husband, Vidya is relentless in making the film the next big thing in her career. At the national level, Vidya and Kolkata matter.\"There were apprehensions as to how Sujoy would depict the city. Has he managed to avoid the cliches? \"I think so,\" says the filmmaker. \"I know Kolkata like the back of my hand. That's what I could explore and bring out, both the known and the unknown sides of the city. My dad used to drive a taxi and at times, I was his companion. In fact, a passenger had once scolded him for roaming around with a kid till my father told him that the 'kid' was his son. In a narrative, there has to be a visual balance. My audience is a national audience, including that of Kolkata. I want them to undertake this journey along with Vidya.\"Sujoy deserves a pat on the back for bringing Kolkata and its talent on to the national radar, much like Anurag Basu with \"Barfii\" or Vikramaditya Motwane with \"Lootera\". \"My idea was never to do favours to people. The city has a lot of inherent talent which needs to be exploited. Kolkata doesn't need me to put it on the national map, rather, I need it to make a good film. Kolkata is too big for my help. My film needed the city and, hence, it obliged,\" Sujoy admits.What about the pressure after Vidya set a benchmark with \" The Dirty Picture \"? Sujoy agrees that there is a certain expectation from a Vidya film now. \"The audience has a certain trust in her je Vidya thakle cinemata bhalo hobe. There is tremendous pressure because I have to uphold that trust. You see, the only crutch in the film is the story, pati goppo. That is a lot of pressure. We shot for the film when \"TDP\" had not happened. But the only solace is that we have given our 200% to the film,\" he says.Now that he is over and done with this one, what about his plans of making Sunil Gangopadhyay's \"Aranayer Din Ratri\"? \"I have to sleep with the novel for six months, understand the characters before I take the plunge,\" he promptly answers. \"I would like to script a story on Tagore,\" he thinks out loud. And who does he dream of having as the Bard? \"I can think of only one person, the Big B. If he says no, then the project does not happen,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12206883", "title": "Drubbing in city to haunt Congress &amp; BJP for long", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The assembly election results in the Sangam City would haunt the Congress and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) for long. While the saffron outfit failed to open its account in the 12 assembly seats, Congress, which had launched its official poll campaign from Phulpur - the constituency of Pandit Jawaharalal Nehru - also failed to make a mark, winning just one seat.The two national parties had made all efforts to woo the voters by bringing in their best leaders for canvassing. The public response at their meetings had generated a perception among the candidates that they would emerge as winners.Among the big names in BJP who reached the city to boost the prospects of their party candidates were BJP national president Nitin Gadkari , Uma Bharti, Murli Manohar Joshi , Vinay Katiyar, Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi and cinestar MP Shatrughan Sinha .The Congress had virtually brought all its top leaders, except the prime minister, to woo the voters. Congress supremo and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi , Rahul Gandhi , Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit , Sriprakash Jaiswal, Rajeev Shukla, Jairam Ramesh, AICC general secretary and UP incharge Digvijay Singh , Janardan Dwivedi, cinestar MP Raj Babbar , former Indian cricket captain and Congress MP Mohd Azharuddin, actor Sanjay Dutt etc had held public meetings in the district.But the report card of candidates of both the parties reflects a very sorry picture on the state of affairs at their organisational level. The only solace came from the City North assembly constituency where Congress candidate emerged winner. At all other places, both the parties finished at third, fourth, fifth or sixth position, even below the independents and candidates from smaller parties.In City North, Congress emerged winner while BJP came third. In City South, BJP and Congress finished third and fourth respectively. In City West, both the parties slipped to fourth and fifth spots.At Phaphamau, BJP finished a poor fourth, followed by Congress in the sixth spot, while in Soraon, both Congress and BJP bagged fourth and fifth positions.At Pratappur, the Congress candidate and three-time winner was pushed to the third spot, while BJP candidate figured nowhere in the list of top 6 vote getters. Same is the story in Handia and Meja seats. In trans-Yamuna constituency of Karchana, BJP and Congress once again stood at fourth and fifth positions respectively. At Phulpur, where junior Gandhi kicked off the party's election campaign and taunted the youths to stop begging for jobs in other states and instead focus on ushering a change, Congress finished on fifth position, while BJP stood fourth.Senior BJP leader Yogesh Shukla said, ''The results are unexpected for us because our workers toiled day and night.'' He attributed this to polarisation of Muslim votes in favour of Samajwadi Party (SP) which also bagged the 'floating' votes which, otherwise, would have gone in favour of national parties. UPCC spokesperson Jawed Urfi said, ''Right now, the mood in the party is of deep introspection on what has gone wrong.''Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12203293", "title": "Blood banks likely to slash rates", "text": "CHENNAI: The State Blood Transfusion Committee is planning to make blood available at subsidized cost to all hospitals across the state. Private hospitals and nursing homes can buy blood from the government blood banks for 500 instead of a minimum of 850 from private blood banks.This idea was mooted in a bid to promote voluntary blood donation and make safe blood affordable to people. The committee will discuss the plan in an executive meeting scheduled for March 15, said state blood officer Dr K Selvarajan.In the next three months, most private blood banks will face a severe shortage of blood as educational institutions, which contribute nearly 80% of donations, will remain closed for vacations. With most people opting for elective surgeries during vacations, the demand for blood skyrockets.In order to meet the demand, private hospitals insist that relatives donate blood for surgeries. But experts say such replacements can be risky as donors may carry infections.The government blood banks, on the contrary, have a steady supply from multiple donors as the bank is filled up every three to four months. The blood bank at Government General Hospital receives at least 150 units of blood daily.\"We waste up to 1.5% of blood we receive because a majority of it expires. We stock adequate amount to ensure there is no shortage. The situation is similar in many other government blood banks. We have enough to supply the private sector,\" said Dr Selvarajan. The committee, he said, was also considering reducing the price to 350 in the coming months.Presently, Tamil Nadu has 273 blood banks, including 85 state-run banks.Blood in Tamil Nadu's blood banks are safer than those in other states, said TANSCAS project director Mohandas. For instance, the HIV transmission through blood transfusion is 0.7% nationally against 0.03% in Tamil Nadu, hepatitis B is 1.2% against the national average of 3%. \"We will be able to reduce this further if we manage to increase voluntary blood donations,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12204892", "title": "Samajwadi Party's win isn't really that big", "text": "The scale of the Samajwadi Party's victory in Uttar Pradesh might seem like an even more impressive sweep than the BSP's 2007 showing, but it's actually a less comprehensive domination. Unlike in 2007,when the BSP led in seats and votes in every region, this time round, the victor trails in two regions in vote share - western UP and Bundelkhand.In western UP, in which we are including the 17 districts that make up the Saharanpur, Meerut, Aligarh and Agra divisions, the BSP's vote share of 28.7% was considerably higher than the SP's 23.8% though in terms of seats the latter had 29 to the BSP's 28. Even that was thanks largely to the eastern extremities of this region bordering on the central regions of the state, where the SP did phenomenally well.In Bundelkhand, consisting of the Jhansi and Chitrakoot Dham divisions, too, the BSP had a higher vote share than the SP, though only marginally (see graphic). It also won more seats in this region, which saw the closest contest between the four main players in the polls.An analysis of regional vote shares also suggests that Mayawati and others may be overestimating the extent of the consolidation of Muslim votes for the SP. In Rohilkhand, a region that consists of the Moradabadand Bareilly divisions and includes the Muslim-dominated districts of Rampur and Moradabad, the SP's vote share of 28.9% is actually a tad lower than its state average of 29.2%. Also the fact that the Ittehad-e-Millat Council and the Peace Party between them picked up 4.5% of the vote here indicates a splintering of the Muslim vote.The two regions where the SP was clearly much stronger this time was central Uttar Pradesh, in which we are including the districts in the Lucknow, Kanpur and Faizabad divisions, and the south-eastern part of the state consisting of the districts in the Allahabad, Varanasi, Azamgarh and Vindhyachal divisions.In central UP, the SP mopped up an impressive 34.4% of the votes, leaving the BSP far behind at 26%. As a consequence of this huge lead in votes, the Mulayam Singh-led outfit captured 76 of the 98 seats here. Considering that this area includes the pocket boroughs of the Nehru-Gandhi clan as well as the two major urban clusters of Lucknow and Kanpur, that is quite an achievement for the SP.The south-east was largely a contest between the SP and the BSP, with the former garnering 30.2% of the votes and the latter 27.1%, both higher than their state averages. This was also the area in which several smaller outfits like the Apna Dal, Suheldev Bharatiya Samaj Party, the Quami Ekta Daland the Pragatisheel Manav Samaj Party picked up a sizeable chunk of votes - close to 10% between just those four - boosting the numbers for \"others\" and reducing the Congress to a mere 9% and the BJP to 11.5%.In contrast, the north-eastern part of the state, consisting of the Devipatan, Basti and Gorakhpur divisions, saw both the BJP and the Congress getting a slightly higher share of votes than their state average while the BSP did significantly worse here than in most other regions. With a 6.2% voteshare here, the Peace Party also ensured that it could not be taken lightly.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12204536", "title": "Plan to shift small units moves at a slow pace", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) and Small-Scale Industries Association have drawn up a plan to shift some of the small-scale industries from residential areas, but the actual implementation is moving at a slow pace. As per the estimates of the association, there are around 800 industries in residential areas in the township.The issue has once again come to the fore after a recent fire in Kalewadi where two people lost their lives. On February 28, a major fire had broken out at a mattress-making workshop in the Kalewadi residential area, wherein two youths - Ajay Mondhe and Sanjay Mondhe - had suffered serious burns. The youths were staying in rented rooms on the first floor above the workshop. They were sleeping when the fire took place and sustained burns when they ran out of their rooms. They succumbed to their injuries two days back.PCMC fire officer Kiran Gawde said that the February 28 incident was the second time that a fire had broken out in that particular workshop. \"Small-scale industries in residential areas should keep primary fire-fighting equipment like fire extinguishers on their premises. They should also use good electrical equipment and advanced machinery to avoid such incidents.\"Gawde further said that fire engines face difficulty in reaching small-scale industries located in congested residential areas. \"The PCMC fire brigade department will be organising a meeting of mattress-making workshops in the twin township and will direct them to keep primary fire-fighting equipment, like fire extinguishers, to control the fire before the fire engines reach the spot.\"Nitin Bankar, secretary, Pimpri-Chinchwad Small Industries Association, said there are around 800 small-scale industries - like machining industries, fabrication workshops, plastic-moulding plants, spare parts workshops - located in residential areas. Every unit employs up to a maximum of 10 people.Meanwhile, residents often complain of the inconvenience faced because of the presence of small industries in residential areas.Satish Jadhav of Bhosari said that fabrication workshops located in the residential areas cause sound pollution, inconveniencing the elderly and ill people. Kailas Kale of Pimpri said, \"Vehicles coming for loading and unloading of goods from the small industries in our area block the narrow roads which is a major problem for local people.\"Asked about the proposal to shift out small-scale industries from residential areas to industrial, Bankar said, \"The PCMC had given an in-principle approval to a plan about 12 to 15 years back to shift small-scale industries from residential areas to an industrial complex in Bhosari. But the plan has still not been implemented.\" The association, he said, had demanded that the shops in the industrial complex should be allotted to the industries at affordable rates. \"We have suggested that the cost should be around Rs 2,200 per sq ft.\"An official of the engineering department said that the PCMC has started the construction of an industrial complex on a plot measuring five acre in T block of Bhosari. The complex will have 306 shops and a total built-up area of 20,189 sq m. There will be four types of shops with different areas. \"The construction had started two years back and the total cost of the project is Rs 35 crore. A provision of Rs 2.5 crore had been made in the civic budget of 2011-12. If adequate provision is made in budgets in the coming years, the department will be able to complete the project in two years.\"Subhash Machare, chief of land records department, PCMC, said the department has received applications from 183 small-scale industries for the shops in the industrial complex in Bhosari. A token amount of Rs 25,000 has been collected from them. The policy for the allotment of the shops will be decided later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12205018", "title": "One life is lost every 2.5 days", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Though Chandigarh is known for its wide roads, fatal accidents are going on unabated. In 2012, one precious life was lost in a fatal accident every 2.5 days on different killer stretches.This shocking figure was enough to force Chandigarh police to do some introspection. Police have done evaluation of accident sites and identified some perennial root-causes of these incidents.Based up on its observation, cops have sent a list of 10 proposals to engineering department and recommended various things like installation of ATC (automatic traffic control) lights, creating subways, installing streetlights and closing some intersections.Till March 8, 2012, 28 fatal accidents have occurred in city, whereas last year this number was 26, during the same period.\"Despite so many drives, number of fatal accidents has gone up We have realized that, apart from running various campaigns and issuing challans for violations, there is a need to do a comprehensive road accident analysis,\" Alok Kumar, DIG told TOI.\"We sent special teams on the spots to find out engineering problems. They have also studied past accident history and population of those areas and have come up with some solutions. We have sent 10 proposals to the engineering department,\" Kumar said.However, earlier also Chandigarh police have sent various proposals but many of these are still hanging fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12205271", "title": "Congress accuses regional parties of rocking UPA-II", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress accused regional parties of trying to destabilize the Centre, but chose to hold its fire on post-poll violence in UP in what seemed to betray its concern about the talk of mid-term polls that have spiked after its dismal show in the string of recently-concluded assembly elections.The talk about mid-term polls received a boost when Trinamool Congress's representative in the Union Cabinet, railway minister Dinesh Trivedi, called it a strong possibility since most state leaders appeared in its favour. Although Trivedi clarified that his remarks to a newspaper merely reflected his personal analysis, Congress did not see the development as innocuous.Rather, they felt that Trivedi had merely vented the feeling in Trinamool Congress that party would be able to boost its tally in the Lok Sabha if early elections were held.In his interaction with media, Trivedi said that early polls would help his boss Mamata Banerjee and Mulayam Singh Yadav since they have the momentum with them. Importantly, he is considered to be a moderate in Trinamool on the issue of equations with Congress.Although Congress steered clear of Trivedi, it charged the regional leaders of forgetting their own espousal of federalism: a reference to non-Congress chief ministers: Nitish Kumar , Naveen Patnaik and now Akhilesh/Mulayam Singh Yadav who have been linked to speculation about a non-Congress/non -BJP political concert that would like to have early polls.AICC spokesman Manish Tewari said also did not raise his pitch over the sporadic incidents of violence in UP in the aftermath of polls even though they could be used to illustrate party's pre-poll charge that SP supported goons.On the speculation that moves could be afoot to pull down the UPA government and force mid -term polls, he said: \"Those who in the past would point fingers at us for destabilizing the state governments need to introspect about their role. The states have their term and the Centre has its mandate of five years too.\" He asserted the Centre would complete its term.The attack on leaders associated with 'third front' politics followed the general view that Congress was vulnerable to allies like Trinamool Congress and rivals after a poor show in recent assembly polls. The Budget session, starting March 12, could test Congress's hold over its coalition.While recent statements from CMs like Nitish Kumar, Naveen Patnaik, Narendra Modi are seen as attempts to wean away UPA partners, UP results appear to have aggravated the situation since the Samajwadi Party (SP) could prefer early polls to tap favourable sentiments in the state that sends 80 MPs to Lok Sabha.Tewari conceded the Congress show in assembly polls was \"below expectations\", but added it would not impact the ruling coalition. \"UPA is strong, stable and would complete its five-year term,\" he said. He refused to \"speculate\" on talks of a non-UPA, non-NDA front emerging.The 'safety first' sentiment was evident in AICC steering clear of strong statement on violence by SP workers after the Samajwadis won in UP.Tewari avoided blaming the SP despite all-round attacks, led by BSP chief Mayawati, and spoke in general terms. \"The cycle of violence that unfortunately follows the electoral cycle is reprehensible and should be condemned. Vendetta has no place in democracy and we hope the new government in UP would act with haste to see that law and order is maintained,\" he said.Tewari said governance should not be held hostage to political expediency and urged the Opposition to rise above partisan concerns to work for larger public good. He said Congress was ready to walk the extra mile to coordinate with both allies and Opposition.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12202922", "title": "19 years on, man held for Rs 1,500 theft", "text": "MUMBAI: The Vikhroli police on Wednesday arrested a thief, Farookh Shaikh (45), who had stolen a calculator and cash amounting to Rs 1,500, 19 years ago. Police said they laid a trap at Tagore Nagar on Wednesday. He was produced before the Vikhroli metropolitan magistrate court on Thursday. He was released after paying a bail amount of Rs 7,500.Shaikh had stolen the calculator and cash from a shop in Vikhroli in 1993. His arrest came after ACP (east region) Quaiser Khalid and DCP (Zone VII) ordered senior officers to make a list of absconding criminals from the respective jurisdictions. .\"Shaikh was caught after constables Mohammed Shaikh and Jaywant Ahire received a tip-off . The accused claimed that he has not committed an offence after 1993 and has survived doing odd jobs at the durgah in Masjid Bunder,\" said Javkar. He added that it is difficult to catch an accused if he/ she is absconding for many years. \"The person's appearance changes and in Shaikh's case we could nab him only because of the tip-off,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chinsurah", "code": "12204170", "title": "Hooghly Trinamool leader demands money, thrashed", "text": "CHINSURAH: A Trinamool block president was severely beaten up when he went to collect a Rs 85,000 \"donation\" from a private engineering college director on Thursday evening in Hooghly's Guptipara. He was collecting money ostensibly to feed party delegates who'd attend a March 11 panchayti raj sammelan.Incidentally, state minister Partha Chatterjee and Hooghly's Trinamool observer Tapan Dasgupta had to face the ire of partyworkers in Arambagh on March 4, who claimed rampant corruption among party leaders over illegal donations being collected for such party conferences. The incident involving Nabin Ganguly, Trinamool's block president, only reinforces these allegations.The incident took place when Ganguly, Guptipara Block 1 panchayat pradhan Bibha Bhar, Trinamool leader Arun Debnath and some other leaders had reportedly gone to demand the money from Pradip Chowdhury, the director of Swarajmohan Institute of Engineering and Technology. Apart from this college, Chowdhury also runs a diploma college in the locality. Trinamool has also been collecting Rs 20 from all delegates who would be attending the meet.On Thursday morning, after they demanded the money, there was an altercation. It was followed by the assault by the college hostel staff and some locals (whom Trinamool alleges are members of local clubs patronised by CPM). Those accompanying Ganguly fled from the spot. Ganguly was later admitted to Chinsurah's Imambara Hospital. Chowdhury complained to police that these leaders demanded Rs 85,000 from him. He said he was ready to pay, but not such an exorbitant amount.The refusal allegedly angered the Trinamool leaders who threatened him and roughed him up, claimed Chowdhury. Ganguly too lodged a counter-complaint against Chowdhury. Hooghly SP Tanmoy Roychowdhury said: \"Both Ganguly and Chowdhury have been arrested. A complaint and a counter-complaint have been lodged. The allegations are being investigated.\"A beleaguered Ganguly, believed to be a close confidante of Local Trinamool MLA Ashim Majhi said: , found his mentor's support.\"I had met the college director earlier. He himself wanted to pay for the delegates' food. He himself asked us to go and collect the money, hence the meeting yesterday. But it appears that it was a trap. He had gathered roughs from a few CPM-backed clubs and severely beat up Ganguly. There are several corruption allegations against this director and his anger (at Trinamool) perhaps stems from it. Ganguly too has lodged a counter complaint.\"While Majhi mentioned corruption charges, Bhar - the panchayat pradhan - insisted the college director was angry at Trinamool leaders because he had failed to get a no-objection certificate for land conversion (from agricultural land to homestead land) for his engineering institute.Debnath, another Trinamool leader who also accompanied Ganguly, said, \"It is being alleged I'd asked for building contracts there. This is wrong. Actually, the director is facing several corruption charges. The college teachers and non-teaching staff will vouch for it. This needs to be investigated.\"In 2008 too, Chowdhury had lodged a complaint with police against Ganguly and Debnath alleging they had been demanding money and disturbing the college peace even resorting to ransacking.Trinamool's district observer and MLA Tapan Dasgupta said: \"Allegations of demanding money for party conferences will be probed. At the same time, it appears that there are several corruption allegations against the college and its director. This too needs to be probed. I've been told that this is a deliberate attempt to tarnish the party's image. I have briefed the incident to Partha Chatterjee (Trinamool general secretary and state minister) and Mukul Roy (Trinamool's all-India general secretary and union minister.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12205505", "title": "Mumbai for Me: Too closed for comfort", "text": "MUMBAI: \"Demolish this structure and set an example for all times that 'enough is enough'. We are getting sick of this perpetual crookedness of the authorities and the supporters of these wretched officials. Confiscate their properties and build this children's park. It is absolutely sickening the way this city is being destroyed by greedy and corrupt officials.\"This reader's outburst, following a TOI report on how a playground plot was usurped by a builder, underlines the Mumbaikar's anguish at the city's lack of open spaces. While Mumbai's wealth index is probably the highest in the country, its citizenry suffers a diminishing quality of life.Poor planning, haphazard construction and unabated encroachment of public spaces have resulted in living conditions deteriorating for the city's 12.4 million residents in terms of light, air and a healthy environment. BMC statistics show that in the island city, on an average, over 45,000 people are cramped into every sq km. Singapore (population 5 million) has a ratio of 7,300 people per sq km.More frightful is data like: there are just seven public swimming pools to cater Mumbai's humongous population. It gets even more depressing. The widely quoted figure of 0.03 acre of open space for every 1,000 people is at least 40 years old. When it was computed, the city's population was just under nine million. Since then, even as the population has increased, large swathes of land reserved for public amenities have been either encroached on by slums or de-reserved by the state for construction purposes. Mumbai's mangroves, playgrounds, parks, waterfronts and even protected forest lands are being steadily chewed up by slums, swanky housing societies and commercial complexes.City-based gynaecologist Nozer Sheriar frequently advises expectant mothers to walk. \"But where will they walk? On roads and broken pavements? It's ridiculous to even suggest this anymore,\" he said.Reproductive health problems, especially increasing male infertility , he added, are linked to environmental pollution and the loss of green spaces. \"It's anecdotal, but these factors do play a part in such disorders,\" he said. Expressing concern that many sporting activities in Mumbai are possible only if one is a member of an elite club, Sheriar asked, \"Which city in the world charges money to walk into a park?\"Architect Gananath Shetty had warned about Mumbai's peril four decades ago. Among the host of problems he spelled out in 1970 was the lack of children's playing areas. \"It is a universally acknowledged scientific fact that play in the early years of life forms one of the most important phases of development, leading to the blossoming of a child's faculties. In spite of the better standard of living today, there is a gulf of emotional poverty, loneliness, mental illness, delinquency and drug usage amongst the younger generation,\" he said. The architect further added that these conditions and habits spring mainly from living in congested environments where \"immense building activity is carried on without love or understanding in the most squalid of surroundings\". \"These denigrating conditions have destroyed the basic elements of a child's play,\" said Shetty.Housing activist P K Das, who was the architect for the redevelopment of seafronts at Bandra and Juhu, said, \"We consider our city to be a ground for maximizing construction potential and deriving profits. Open spaces are neglected because they do not provide a financial turnover. Not surprisingly, the quality of life has miserably deteriorated for both the rich and poor.\" He added that Mumbai needs a comprehensive plan for open spaces.Five years ago, a survey conducted by the Urban Design Research Institute showed 45% of the city's open spaces were lost. Of the 3,103 plots reserved for open spaces that were surveyed, 1,397 were completely or partially covered or encroached upon.The fight to reclaim the city's parks and playgrounds is being fought by a slew of spirited citizens' groups, activists and NGOs. In the last decade, an audacious move to commercially exploit the 226-acre Mahalaxmi Race Course was halted after citizens approached the Bombay high court and got a stay on the project. The plan to build a seven-star hotel, convention centre and golf course was backed by the son-in-law of a senior state politician.Last year, the NGO Save Open Spaces stalled a builder's attempt to use a six-acre plot in Juhu for a slum redevelopment project by realigning the Irla nullah and shifting road and garden reservations. Vidya Vaidya, secretary of the General Arunkumar Vaidya Nagar Rahiwasi Sangh, which represents about 5,000 Bandra Reclamation residents, said, \"We are forced to rush to the courts every time.\" The sangh is fighting to save an eight-acre plot at Bandra Reclamation, which is being eyed by a local politician.As Mumbai struggles with its shrinking spaces, other cities march ahead. Singapore, a little over one-and-a-half times Mumbai's size, will throw open a 250-acre botanical garden in the landmark Marina Bay area in June. New York has a great variety of open spaces, from the sprawling Central and Prospect parks, to small neighbourhood lots that are gathering places for community connections.Said New York-based urban critic and international lecturer Roberta Brandes Gratz, \"I think these small ones are the most valuable because they really connect residents to each other and foster networks of people who socialize and help each other.... The best-looking and most functional public spaces are the ones local people create and design themselves. If the stakeholders are really involved, they use it well and take care of it better.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12203548", "title": "Piramals \u2018frontrunners\u2019 for HUL Worli property", "text": "MUMBAI: The Ajay Piramal-led Piramal Realty Ltd has emerged as the frontrunner over nearest industrialist bidders, Anil Ambani and Gautam Adani, with their bid of over Rs 400 crore for Hindustan Unilever's (HUL) one-acre sea-facing property, Gulita, in Worli.Sources said HUL accepted Piramal's offer in principle and a formal agreement is expected to be signed soon. The Piramals are expected to pay the amount in two to three instalments over six to eight months.In light of the new development control rules, the Piramals will get to develop almost 1.10 lakh sq ft on the prime plot. Property experts said it is ideal to construct a luxury residential tower, considering it overlooks the Arabian Sea in Worli. Flats in the area command approximately Rs 55,000 a sq ft. It is not clear if the Piramals will develop the plot independently.Piramal Realty refused to comment, while HUL said they were evaluating options to create value from their Gulita property.Property experts said the deal when finalized will be in tune with the trend of only cash rich corporates vying for prime properties. With its net worth of $1.4 billion, Piramal is flush with funds. \"Though cash rich, the Piramals are being prudent by seeking to pay the bid amount in instalments, anticipating approval delays. The main delay being lack of clarity on premium payable to the civic body to transfer ownership of the property to Piramals,'' an industry expert said.HUL holds a perpetual lease from the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) for the land parcel that houses its training centre and private residences for top management.The Anglo-Dutch company had retendered the property for selling in October, as against a plan to sub-lease it after a Supreme Court order that set aside BMC's move to raise the premium on transfer of ownership of properties leased by it from 7.5% to 50%. The BMC recently sought the state government's nod to raise the levy from 7.5% to 10% as premium for lease properties.Adani and Ambani are said to be looking for a sea-facing plot for their personal homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12204395", "title": "Fake Maruti jobs on email promise fat pay packets", "text": "GURGAON: Unidentified persons have been sending fake recruitment emails in the name of Maruti Suzuki India Ltd (MSIL), the auto major clarified on Friday. The fraudsters promise jobs in a new factory of the car manufacturing company with a salary ranging from Rs 62,000 to Rs 2 lakh.The fake mail asks the candidate to deposit Rs 14,350 as security money before appearing for the 'interview'. TOI is in possession of one such fake mail which was sent to a job seeker. The mail claims that the interviews for these jobs would be held on Saturday at the company's Delhi office.The mail had mentioned March 9 as the last date for depositing the security amount in the bank accounts. To sound convincing, the fraudsters claimed in their mail while Rs 14,000 is refundable, Rs 350 would be deducted as transaction fee levied by the bank.The mail had claimed that the company selected 62 candidates. It said the interview would be held at MSIL's corporate office in Delhi on March 10.It also said the salary would be in the range of Rs 62,000 and Rs 2lakh per month. When the reporter made a call on a telephone number mentioned in the mail +91-1165035326, Santosh Kumar who received the phone disconnected the phone after asking whether the caller had submitted his resume earlier.An MSIL spokesperson said the company has not invited any such applications. \"The very fact that the mail demands money makes it dubious. We have lodged police complaints on earlier occasions as an when we have come to know of such frauds,\" said the official. He said people should cross check such information on the company's website first.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12204759", "title": "Naxal fear forces NCP candidates to withdraw from civic polls", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra state home minister RR Patil, also guardian minister for Gadchiroli, may have made towering promises of government's initiative in curbing Naxalism in the affected regions but his party members seemed to be in no mood to invite the wrath of the rebels.Eight aspiring candidates of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) decided against contesting the civic body elections in Korchi, slated to be held on Sunday and withdrew their nomination form. This has apparently left many party members red-faced as NCP would have no representation in either Zilla Parishad or Panchayat Samittee in Korchi, informed a source. Apart from NCP, it has been learnt that six Shiv Sena candidates also withdrew from the election, leaving none from their banner too, to contest the election. Now, there are around 10 candidates in the fray for two ZP seats and another 17 for four Panchayat Samittee slots in the taluka, where the threat perceptions from Naxals are considered to be high.Despite the RR-factor, NCP fared poorly in the civic body election, in rest of the district also. While Congress gained five seats in ZP, compared to 14 in the last elections, NCP won only 9. With the Naxal influence spreading fast and development works making no significant progress, it has been learnt that Patil's popularity and support to his party members too are fast dwindling in the district. After taking over in 2009, Patil could not manage to push back the rebels despite having the home ministry under him, which controlled the security forces. This was exposed when Union Home Minister P Chidambaram made a visit in the district in 2010.The two Zilla Parishad and four Panchayat Samittee seats election of Korchi seems to have become a challenge for both district administration and security forces, who are taking no chances against the Naxals and are transforming the taluka into a police fortress with a massive deployment. The civic body elections in the other parts of the district have already been completed in two phases in February.The population of the Korchi taluka had boycotted the polls with the Naxals strongly opposing the election like they did in the rest of the district. The population in this northern Gadchiroli taluka agreed to toe the lines of the district administration and participate in polling after the government officials assured the tribal that their jungles would not be handed over to the private firms for mining.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12206645", "title": "Nirupama Rao meets Mayor of Washington DC", "text": "WASHINGTON: Indian envoy to US, Nirupama Rao, met the Mayor of the District of Columbia Vincent Gray during which he sought more Indian investment in the American capital.\"The Mayor expressed keen interest in increasing cooperation between the District and India,\" the Indian Embassy spokesman Virander Paul, said in a statement.\"The Mayor said he hoped that more Indian companies would be drawn to the District of Columbia as the City welcomed such investment,\" he said.Washington, DC, is formally the District of Columbia. During the meeting on March 8, Gray and Rao also decided to explore the possibility of the Indian Embassy and the District of Columbia jointly organising an event to commemorate the 150th birth anniversary of Rabindranath Tagore.Also present at the meeting were Natwar Gandhi, chief financial officer of the District of Columbia and Cynthia Brock-Smith, Secretary of the District.Rao informed Gray of the excellent progress in India-US bilateral relations and priorities of the India government in meeting its developmental goals.She hoped that there could be greater cooperation in the field of education between the District and India.The Indian Ambassador referred to the gamut of India's commercial relationship with the US including investments in 43 states of the US by Indian companies and the job creation taking place in the US because of these investments.Rao invited the Gray to visit India during which time the possibility of establishing closer linkages between Washington and New Delhi as capitals of two great democracies could be seriously explored.The Mayor said he greatly looked forward to his visit at a mutually convenient date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12213091", "title": "Two rhinos translocated to Manas National Park", "text": "GUWAHATI: Maju and Raja, two rescued rhinos, have found a new home at Manas National Park. Both the rhinos set out on their journey from Bokakhat-based Centre for Wildlife Rehabilitation and Conservation (CWRC) to Manas under the supervision of veterinarians and conservationists on Saturday. The rhinos are being translocated under the first phase of the \"wild-to-wild\" rhino translocation from Kaziranga to Manas.Maju was orphaned in February, 2009 when his mother had to be killed by forest guards after she charged at a team of researchers at Kaziranga National Park, while a dehydrated Raja was rescued in January, 2008, in Kaziranga. The whereabouts of his mother was unknown.After veterinary care at the CWRC, the two rhinos are now all set to be released in Manas. CWRC is a joint project of the International Fund for Animal Welfare (IFAW), Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) and Assam forest department. Maju and Raja will join three other rescued rhinos that were released in Manas by the Assam forest department and IFAW-WTI in 2006.\"The rehabilitation of rescued rhinos is one of the pioneering conservation exercises taken up successfully in the state,\" principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife) Suresh Chand said. WTI executive director Vivek Menon said the initiative helps rhinos return to the wild instead of spending their life in captivity.The second phase of 'wild-to-wild' rhino translocation from Kaziranga to Manas will take off on Sunday. The translocation of rhinos is being undertaken as the Indian Rhino Vision (IRV) 2020 project, which envisages repopulating one-horned pachyderm in Manas. It has been planned that in the second phase three to four rhinos will be taken out from Kaziranga and released in Manas.Four rhinos were successfully translocated from Kaziranga to Manas last month while two female rhinos were translocated from Pobitora wildlife sanctuary to Manas in January.Manas, which lost its rhinos to poachers during the 1990s, now has 14 rhinos. All the rhinos were translocated from Pobitora and Kaziranga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12204513", "title": "TCS requests LoP extension for Mihan unit", "text": "NAGPUR: Hoping to start operations in Mihan-SEZ within two years, IT major Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) has moved an application for extension of its letter of permit (LoP) for availing SEZ tax benefits. The current LoP, issued by the ministry of commerce, expires next month, forcing the company to seek fresh approval till April 2014.The matter will be taken up by the board of approvals (BOA) under union ministry of commerce at a meet on March 13. The development commissioner's notes on the TCS proposal say the delay was due to global slowdown, however, the company is now serious about the project and expects to start it by 2014. The development commissioner's office has recommended extension of LoP by BOA.TCS has already got extensions four times earlier. The first LoP was granted on April 2008 and was valid till 2009. It was extended till April 2011, followed by an extension up to April 2012. Recently, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had also laid the foundation stone for TCS Nagpur project, hinting that the project may be finally started.A company spokesperson told TOI that the extension has been sought as construction of Nagpur unit is expected to take at least two years. Sources say granting of the extension depends on how TCS will plead its case before the BOA.Another IT bigwig, Infosys Limited, had last week signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC), developer of this SEZ. Infosys is also coming up with its own SEZ in Indore. It has moved a proposal to get its status as SEZ developer approved by BOA. The Infosys case for the Indore venture will also be taken up during the March 13 meeting.When asked by TOI as to which project, Nagpur or Indore, will get priority, an Infosys spokesperson said the two are independent of each other. The company will be starting the construction in Nagpur after getting all necessary approvals.TCS has been allotted land 50 acres land in Mihan-SEZ and it plans to set up a software development unit with 16,000 jobs. Infosys proposes to take up 142 acres land and provide 14,000 jobs in all. So far, Infosys has only signed the MOU. It is expected to acquire the land after all approvals, including the LoP, are in hand. MADC is also pursuing HCL Technologies , which has been allotted 140 acres in the SEZ, to start construction soon.Meanwhile, realty major DLF, which was allotted 140 acres, has stopped work at its site since the global recession of 2008. MADC sources say there has been no intimation of the site's revival by the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12208691", "title": "Black flags shown to Saif Ali Khan", "text": "Black flags were shown to Bollywood actor Saif Ali Khan in Bhopal, by those opposing the appointment of a Saudi national as the caretaker of the 'Rubaat' (guest house) of the Nawab of Bhopal in Saudi Arabia.The protesters belonged to the Arif Masood fan club and were led by its president Abdul Nafees last night.They said that long back there were 45 'Rubaats' of the Hyderabad Nawab in Saudi Arabia but their number came down to one, after Saudi nationals were appointed as caretakers.The protesters felt the 'Rubaat' of the Bhopal Nawab would meet the same fate if a Saudi national was allowed to continue as its caretaker.Meanwhile, miffed by the protests, Anwar Mohammed has resigned as Secretary of the Shahi Auqaf, which looks after all the properties of the Bhopal Nawab.Anwar told PTI that he decided to quit as people of Bhopal were showing black flags to members of the Pataudi family whose signatures they have been using for a long time, to enable their stay at the Rubaat during their Haj trips at Mecca and Madina. \"I am firm in my resignation and would not withdraw it under any circumstance,\" he said.Khan was in Indore and Bhopal yesterday to promote his upcoming dream project 'Agent Vinod'.The actor said he is now over 40 and his days of playing a lover boy in films have come to an end. Saif said that the shooting for the film was completed in 130 days.After 'Agent Vinod', also starring Kareena Kapoor , he would be seen next in the second installment of 'Judwa' and 'Cocktail'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204531", "title": "Thumbs up for mayor but no clean sweep", "text": "NEW DELHI: As mayor of Delhi, Rajni Abbi emphasized on sanitation and even started a special drive soon after taking charge. But the first-time councillor from Mukherjee Nagar admits that she has not been able to streamline the system completely, not even in her own ward.Residents are happy with the development work in the resettlement colonies - all arterial and inner colony roads were constructed in the past few years. They say a lot of work has been carried out in the area after Abbi came to power. \"From pavements to roads, she has done a lot of work. She has spent the councillor funds on development of parks, but certain portions are still neglected,\" said I P Ranjan, general secretary, Mukhrjee Nagar East.Sanitation is still a serious concern. \"I have tried to ensure that the timing of auto-tippers, which go door to door to collect garbage, is fixed. But we have not been able to regulate the companies responsible for removing garbage from dumps,\" said Abbi. But of the Rs 10 lakh given to each councillor for sanitation work in 2011-12, Abbi didn't get any work sanctioned.With coaching centres mushrooming in Mukherjee Nagar, the mayor's ward has witnessed a dramatic increase in student population in the past few years.\"People are renting out spaces. The load on civic infrastructure has gone up manifold. The MCD has to deploy more sanitation staff in this area. But Abbi has done considerable amount of work in the last one year,\" said R P Vashisht, a resident of the Parmanand colony and member of resident ward committee.But there is politics over sanitation. Near Indira Vikas Colony, a resettlement colony, the project to construct a modernized garbage collection site was put on hold after local MLA Surender Pal Singh raised objections, alleges Abbi.Singh, however, claims that residents didn't want the site to be constructed.\"In this fight between the councillor and the MLA, we residents have to suffer,\" said Ram Kishore, a resident of Indira Vikas Colony. Recently, the MCD has sanctioned projects worth Rs 75 lakh in this colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "12213076", "title": "Higher education should have more options: Governor", "text": "ITANAGAR: Calling for more investment in the higher education sector, Arunachal Pradesh governor Gen (Retd) J J Singh said higher education in the state should adopt a holistic and multi-disciplinary approach to bring about development of the state and nation during the 11th convocation of Rajiv Gandhi University (RGU) at Rono Hills on Saturday.He said the role of teachers is of paramount importance in a university as great responsibility rests on them. They need to be innovative and dynamic and must constantly update their knowledge base and teaching methodologies. \"The future of the society and the world depends on the way universities shape their students,\" Singh said. He also called for implementation of semester system in colleges.A total of 1,371 undergraduate degrees, 174 postgraduate degrees, 61 technical and science degrees, 11 M Phil degrees and 34 PhDs for the years 2009, 2010 and 2011 were conferred on the day. Three chancellor's gold medals, 3 vice-chancellor's gold medals and 92 gold medals were also awarded on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12208258", "title": "Walking on the rocky road", "text": "Coming from a filmi background definitely has its own advantages.But that alone isn't the ticket to stardom. And actors Sanjay Krishna (son of actordirector Santhana Barathi), Shakir (son of singer Mano) and Nivaas (son of actor Adithan) will vouch for the same.The three youngsters debuted in the industry with director Selvaa's Naanga, and are glad they learnt a lot in the process.\"I was about to fill up the application form for a university when my father walked into the room, telling me I have an offer to act,\" begins Sanjay, \"He told me that Selvaa was auditioning for his next, and I immediately went to his office. I was asked to do look tests with different costumes and even had to sport bell-bottoms and longcollared shirt like in the 80s. It was only after two weeks that I knew I had made it through!\"For Shakir, it was acting that had always caught his fancy. \"I used to accompany my father to recording studios, and many would ask me if I would become a playback singer too. But I knew I wanted to be an actor. Music composer Bala Barathi told me that Selvaa was looking for actors for his next, and I landed up at his office. After the audition, Selvaa told me that he has a powerful role for me, with shades of negativity,\" he reveals.Before testing waters in Kollywood, Nivaas has already proven his talent as an able dancer in a reality show. \"Kala master was one of the judges, and she told me about Selvaa's next. After I auditioned and got through, I told Selvaa about my father. He was thrilled and told me I've to live up to my father's reputation,\" he smiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12212952", "title": "Ganga warrior vows to die for river", "text": "VARANASI: An 80-year-old scientist-turned-seer is waging a desperate battle to save the Ganga. A makeshift hut made of straw at the Kedar Ghat has become the battleground of this armless mutiny. The only weapon of this war is dedication and penance with renunciation of all things required for human life. The legend says that the austerity of Bhagirath brought the Ganga to Earth from Heaven. Now, the warriors of this battle believe that Ganga will become 'nirmal', 'aviral' and regain the highest honour only through austerity and penance.Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand (noted environmentalist Prof. GD Agrawal), who left taking even water from Friday, is determined to sacrifice his life for the Ganga. He refused the requests and arguments of local administrative officials regarding a rethink on his decision. \"It is not the question of my life, but it is a matter of pain and suffering of Mother Ganga,\" he said, putting aside the request for stopping the fast.Swami Sanand, who had stopped taking food and was just living on water for a month (from February 8 to March 8), left even water on Friday. He lost some weight on Saturday. According to the records of his medical check up, he lost around 1/2kg body weight in the past 24 hours. A medical team led by additional chief medical officer RP Tiwari examined his health on Saturday afternoon. His blood pressure was 142/72 while his pulse rate was 82 and weight was 49.5kg. Local administrative and police officials, including the additional district magistrate (administration) Ram Yagya Mishra and SP (city) MS Chauhan, met him and requested him to stop his fast unto death.The officials pleaded that he should postponed the stir as the formation of new government in the state was in the process. \"There is no use for such arguments. The condition of the Ganga has been deteriorating for a long time but nothing concrete has been done in this regard. We want no assurance, we just want dedication to do good to the Ganga,\" he said adding, \"I know that I am not going to bring about any change, but I cannot see the pain and miseries of the Ganga any more.\"The day of Swami Sanand begins with Sri Bhagwat Katha from 9am to 11am. He talks to people and visitors between 11am and 12pm. After a three-hour rest in the hut from 12 noon to 3pm, he attends the Ramcharit Manas Katha till 5pm. The one-hour time (5pm to 6pm) is meant for public meeting.\"In case of his (Swami Sanand) death, another devotee will take over and the sequence will continue till the goal is achieved,\" said Swami Avimukteshwaranand Saraswati, the coordinator of Ganga Sewa Abhiyanam and disciple of Shankaracharya of Jyotish and Dwarka Sharda Peeth Swami Swarupanand Saraswati. He forwarded a letter to the Prime Minister through local administration on Saturday, requesting immediate intervention.According to him, an open letter to the PM was already sent on January 3 drawing his attention to main concerns. Due respect, importance and status of a national symbol was not being accorded to the Ganga in spite of her being designated as the National River. The major concerns include unsatisfactory and ineffective functioning of the National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA), continuing construction work on dams/barrages/tunnels which would totally destroy the natural flow regimes and quality of the river water, nod to a new 300MW hydel project, total failure of regulatory agencies in controlling discharge of urban and industrial wastes into the Ganga and complete lack of sensitivity of the government on these issue. Even the supreme sacrifice by Swami Nigmanand had made no impact. He had died on June 12, 2011 in a hospital in Dehradun. He had fasted for 115 days in Haridwar for the cause of the Ganga.The instant demands of the Ganga Sewa Abhiyanam include immediate and total abandoning of all construction works on all hydel projects on the main streams of the Ganga, nod to no new project that may disrupt the flow regimes in future, minimum flows of 100m3/sec to be maintained all times and all places and it should be enhanced to 200m3/sec on main bathing festivals like Magh Mela and Kumbh, an immediate and total brake on misuse of funds obtained in the name of conservation of Ganga, on urban sewerage and infrastructure projects in various places till their contribution to conservation of Ganga is critically reviewed, orders to shift all industries likely to discharge any toxic/hazardous chemical waste at least 50km away from the Ganga to ensure that no such pollutant reached the Ganga directly or indirectly, and enactment by Parliament of a comprehensive bill to ensure appropriate respect, status and management of the Ganga.\"Although Ganga has been declared the National River, it has not received the same honour from the Parliament as received by the National Flag, National Bird and National Animal,\" said Swami. Since its inception only two meetings of NGRBA had been held in the past three years and the total time given by NGRBA to the Ganga in those three years was less than three hours. The Ganga was not on the priority list of the government and political parties, he lamented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12204507", "title": "Zero tolerance against graft: Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: The new BJP-led government in Goa will have \"zero tolerance to corruption\" and will work to root it out from public life, said chief minister Manohar Parrikar moments after being sworn in as the new chief minister on Friday evening.Parrikar was administered the oath of office and secrecy by governor N Sankarnarayanan at a public function at the SAG grounds in Campal, Panaji. Also present were senior BJP leaders including, L K Advani, Sushma Swaraj, Nitin Gadkari, Ravi Shankar Prasad and Rajiv Pratap Rudy among others. A mammoth crowd of BJP supporters was in attendance.Five ministers of the BJP-MGP alliance were also sworn in. Four have been former ministers, including Francis D'Souza, Matanhy Saldanha, Dayanand Mandrekar and MGP's Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar, who was the transport minister in the erstwhile Congress-led government. BJP state president Laxmikant Parsekar is a first-time cabinet minister.Overwhelmed by the party's landslide victory of 21 seats, which gives it an absolute majority in the 40-member state assembly-as also by the loud cheering of the crowd outside the pandal-Parrikar confessed he was at a loss of words of how to thank the people of Goa.He said his government would also work to speedily create jobs for youth. Addressing the youth, Parrikar said, \"You will not have to run here and there searching for jobs and you will not have to pay money for jobs any longer.\"The new CM assured that as assured in his election manifesto he would reduce the price of petrol with effect from April 2. The pension for senior citizens under the existing government scheme would also soon be doubled from Rs 1,000 to Rs 2,000, Parrikar said. He said members of the public could take printouts of his election manifesto and check from time to time how the implementation of promises made was progressing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12203948", "title": "Did Rajawadi Hospital follow wrong track?", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after a 13-year-old patient of colour poisoning died in Rajawadi Hospital, questions were raised on the treatment protocol followed for the patients. Unlike Sion Hospital, Rajawadi did not administer the antidote methylene blue to any colour poisoning patient.The antidote is given to those showing symptoms of methemoglobinemia, which is a blood disorder in which an abnormal amount of methemoglobin--a form of hemoglobin--is produced, leading to oxygen shortage in the body.The symptoms start with breathlessness, headache, dizziness and vomiting, and can extend to seizures and coma. The deceased patient, Vikas Valmiki, suffered convulsions before he was put on ventilator.Civic authorities said there was no slip-up in treating patients at Rajawadi. Chief superintendent of peripheral hospitals Dr Seema Malik said Vikas did not show methemoglobinemia's classic symptoms. \"His oxygen saturation levels were well maintained and there was no discolouration of skin. There were no indications prompting us to administer the antidote. His medical history showed he could have consumed some food, and that led our doctors to suspect food poisoning too... We did not suspect colour poisoning in him as he was not from Dharavi, where the mass emergency occurred.\" Vikas's post mortem report is inconclusive; his viscera have been sent for examination.Rajawadi received 14 patients of colour poisoning, of which four were shifted to Parel's KEM Hospital for \"better monitoring\". Vikas's friend Rithik Trishul (13) is battling for life at KEM's ICU. KEM dean Dr Sanjay Oak said on Friday his condition was critical. About 15 patients from the Kurla Railway Colony are in Central Railway Hospital, Byculla. From Sion Hospital, around 190 of the 210 people admitted on Thursday have been discharged. \"Out of four patients who were in ICU, one is still there,\" said additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "12204243", "title": "Susanta attacker given hero's reception", "text": "MIDNAPORE: A district court on Friday released Shyamapada Kundu, the one who had hurled shoes at former CPM minister Sushanta Ghosh, on bail against a Rs 1,000 bond. His release sparked euphoria among Trinamool ranks, who not only hailed him as a \"hero\" but took out a rally keeping Kundu at the front.Such a hero's welcome bolstered Kundu's spirit, who squealed that many \"slippers\" await Ghosh if he stepped in Garbeta.With senior Trinamool district leaders staying clear of this (also, no party flag was present), it was left to the lower-rung leaders - led by Trinamool's Garbeta leader Bacchu Kumar (Kundu is believed to his confidante) - to lead a 100-strong procession. Kundu's teenage sons accompanied their father, carrying a banner that read: He isn't apologetic for hurling his slipper at Ghosh but he is apologetic that it took place within the court premises.\"The act was to protest against the years of torture by Ghosh and his aides Tapan Ghosh and Sukur Ali. It isn't only about their refusal to admit my two sons, Balaram and Bikram, in schools or not merely sending me to hospital six times, but their similar acts in Garbeta with others. I am not apologetic of what I did, in fact many more slippers await him if he steps in Garbeta,\" Kundu told reporters.Earlier, acting chief judicial magistrate Saurav Subba had granted bail to Kundu. Defence counsel Ankita Verma argued that police had taken Kundu on a two-day remand. \"They've only seized the slipper that was hurled. They didn't recover any firearms. It appears there is no further need for police either to question my client or make any fresh seizures. He should, therefore, be granted bail,\" Verma had argued.The state counsel - APP Azizul Haq - didn't oppose the bail plea, paving way for the magistrate to grant Kundu bail. Earlier, Ghosh had lodged a complaint against Kundu saying he had plotted to murder him and possessed firearms. Kundu's son Balaram also lodged a complaint against Ghosh's lawyers for assaulting his father in the courtroom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12207974", "title": "Girl missing from Udupi joins family", "text": "MYSORE: A 26-year-old girl, who was rescued from her employer and housed at a state home in Israel for the past three years, was reunited with parents here on Friday. Stanley and Parashu, directors of NGO Odanadi Seva Samsthe, said the girl from Udupi joined her parents nearly seven years after separation. In 2005, a woman known to the girl's family had lured her with a job in Israel, and taken her there. She was illegally detained by a Pakistani, an employer, in Israel after seizing her passport. The girl was also forced to work without wages for years. But the girl's presence came to light during a passport verification drive by the Israeli government. When the employer failed to produce her passport and visa, the government rescued her and detained the employer. Though the girl was rescued three years ago, she was kept in a state home for legal process and case trial, they explained. Meanwhile, the efforts of the girl's parents to trace her failed.\"They could neither file a police complaint, nor approach the Israeli embassy in Mumbai,\" Stanley said, adding that six months ago, the Israel government contacted them on this score. Parashu said: \"It is an organized human trafficking racket. Accused Geetha had meticulously got the girl's passport and visa and took her to Israel after convincing her parents, who are agricultural labourers in Udupi. We are informing the incident to the state police. We will request them to check cases of girls reported missing, especially from poor families in the region, and to trace Geetha,\" he stated. Meanwhile, the Israeli government has transferred a fine amount of Rs 21 lakh directly to her non-resident external account as damages. \"It's a lesson for me,\" the girl said, advising other job seekers to be careful while accepting offers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "12205507", "title": "IIM Rohtak student offered Rs 28.5 lakh", "text": "ROHTAK: The first batch of the IIM Rohtak got an average package of Rs 12.22 lakh per annum with one of the students offered Rs 28.5 lakh in domestic market.The IIM director P Rameshan informed here on Friday that the response from the industry has been overwhelming, with 27 companies competing in the process have made 58 offers to a batch of 47 students so far.The companies that participated in the final placement this year include HSBC , Pfizer, Tata Motors , BPCL, HDFC, Tata Steel , Cognizant, Mother Dairy, YES Bank, Tata Power , Max New York Life Insurance, Berger Paints, RBI, Titan and Ernst &amp; Young among others. He said students are taking up assignments in the financial sector, investment and corporate banking, equity research, investment analysis and corporate strategy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12209850", "title": "AOL cutting 40 more jobs", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: AOL Inc (AOL) is firing as many as 40 people in the group that includes its AOL Instant Messenger service, while executives Eric van Miltenburg and Jason Shellen depart, three people with knowledge of the matter said.David Tempkin, who now runs the mobile group, will become head of the consumer applications division, which includes mobile, AIM, e-mail and about.me, an online profile application, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the changes haven't been announced. He replaces van Miltenburg, they said. Shellen was head of AIM, the instant messaging service.AOL, based in New York, has 5,660 employees and is trimming costs amid declining sales. AIM's staff cuts are related to the division's underperformance, the people said. AOL, led by Chief Executive Officer Tim Armstrong , could eliminate more staff in other departments, these people said.Last year, the company combined the dial-up Internet access business with Web services, including AIM, into a new group reporting to Chief Financial Officer Arthur Minson.That arrangement indicated that AOL wanted to impose fiscal discipline on the unit, Clayton Moran, an analyst at Benchmark Co. in Delray Beach, Florida, said in December.Thing labs Shellen joined in September 2010 when AOL bought Thing Labs Inc, a startup that creates applications that work on Twitter Inc and Facebook Inc. Van Miltenburg, a former Yahoo! Inc executive, joined AOL in 2009.\"We are making some strategic, but very difficult changes to better align our resources with key areas of growth for us as a company,\" Maureen Sullivan, a spokeswoman for AOL, said in a statement. \"We remain committed to our presence in Silicon Valley and driving innovation in consumer products and mobile.\"News Corp's AllThingsD technology blog earlier reported the cuts. Other AOL managers who have left the company in recent months include technology executive Alex Gounares, whose departure was announced last month. TechCrunch editor Erick Schonfeld also said he is leaving to pursue other opportunities. Brad Garlinghouse, who ran the applications and commerce group, stepped down last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12204676", "title": "State to crack down on non-Marathi signboards", "text": "NASHIK: The office of the deputy labour commissioner, Nashik division, which covers five districts in north Maharashtra, has launched a special drive to ensure that Marathi signboards are displayed prominently at all shops in the areas under its jurisdiction.Accordingly, the deputy labour commissioner has issued seven-day notices to 17 shop-owners in the College Road area and has threatened them with legal action if they don't replace their signboards with ones completely in Marathi.Moreover, R S Jadhav, deputy labour commissioner, Nashik division, has also directed state officials to launch a special drive for Marathi signboards in Dhule, Nandurbar, Jalgaon and Ahmednagar dististricts in the Nashik division.As per the Bombay Shops &amp; Establishments Act, 1948 it is mandatory for shops and establishments across the state to have their signboards in Marathi. But, most shops and establishments are seen not following the rules. As a result, the office of the deputy labour commissioner has undertaken a special drive for Marathi signboards in Nashik.The drive, which has been kick-started from the College Road area, is to be implemented ward-wise across the city. \"Marathi signboards are mandatory for shops and establishment as per the Mumbai Shops and Establishments Act, 1948. Accordingly, signboards should be in Marathi. Other languages can be used but they should be below Marathi and Marathi letters should be in bold letters. Most of the shops and establishments here are not practicing these rules. Hence, we have launched a special drive. The drive, under which we will be serving seven-day notices to 17 shops, will be implemented across the city by March-end,\" Jadhav said.\"We have eight shop inspectors and they keep an eye on whether shops and establishments are following the rules or not. We have slapped notices on all the shops that are not using Marathi signboards,\" he said.\"Apart from the crackdown on signboards, we have also appealed to shops-owners not to employ child labourers in their shops and businesses. We have also appealed to them to give minimum wages to their workers,\" Jadhav added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "burdwan ( west bengal )", "code": "12206846", "title": "Seven killed, 70 injured as bus overturns", "text": "BURDWAN ( WEST BENGAL ): Seven persons were killed and 70 others were injured when a bus overturned near Ausgram in Burdwan district in the early hours today.The bus carrying members of a marriage party from Kolkol village in Burdwan district to Birpara in neighbouring Birbhum district overturned when the driver lost control over the speeding vehicle at around 3.30 AM, police said.Among the dead were two children, they said. Most of the injured have been admitted to Burdwan Medical College Hospital while some have been admitted to Ausgram hospital, they said, adding the condition of six of the injured was serious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12204783", "title": "Lawyer moves HC on poor quality of coal", "text": "NAGPUR: A petitioner has moved the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court alleging production and supply of poor quality of raw coal in violation of norms framed by the central government. A division bench, comprising justices Sharad Bobde and Prasanna Varale, on Friday issued notices to the Union coal ministry and nine others. Nitin Lalwani and Deven Chouhan pleaded for the petitioners.Coal India Limited (CIL), Western Coalfields Limited (WCL), Coal Controllers Organisation, Mahagenco, Karnataka Power Corporation Limited (KPCL), Gujarat State Electricity Corporation Limited (GSECL), Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB), Union Ministry of Environment and forest (MoEF), and Central Electricity Authority are the other respondents.Petitioner Mrunal Ghate alleged gross violation of environmental laws and the negligent conduct of respondents putting public at large to suffer. Ghate, also a lawyer, contended that the government had already banned consumption of high ash coal and all thermal power projects of Mahagenco, KPCL and GSECL are covered under the ban. However, they are consuming very high ash coal which has harmful effects on health and ecological balance, she pointed out.The petitioner has prayed for directives to respondents for strictly adhering to guidelines as per Environment (Protection) Rules, 1986. She further demanded Coal Controllers Organisation to carry out inspection of all WCL collieries for determining grade of coal. She also asked for directives to the coal ministry for devising a fair and transparent procedure to ensure that the CIL subsidiaries are not in a position to take advantage of their monopolistic situation that may result in prejudice of the coal consumers and public at large. She stated that grade checking and analysis should be done in presence of consumers, public representatives and the media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204665", "title": "Govt ready for 2G fight Round-II", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government will seek a presidential reference under Article 143 asking Supreme Court to clarify on the constitutionality of the 2G verdict that struck down the first-come-first-served (FCFS) policy for allocating natural resources like airwaves as arbitrary and inherently flawed.The Cabinet is expected to approve the presidential reference on Saturday evening, with the government likely to seek a review of the SC order that auctions should be the only means by which precious resources like minerals or airwaves are allocated.The government has filed a review petition in the SC challenging the constitutionality of the February 2 ruling scrapping 122 scam-tainted telecom licences issued during the tenure of jailed ex-telecom minister A Raja. Under Article 143 the president can seek the court's opinion on a matter of \"public importance\".The Supreme Court's \"advisory jurisdiction\" can be invoked under Article 143 and in the past its opinion has been sought in cases like the Ayodhya dispute, which it refused to consider, and on aspects of the implementation of an India-Pakistan agreement on exchange of enclaves along the border with erstwhile east Pakistan.Sources said the Cabinet will consider the presidential reference that is likely to raise questions over whether the apex court overstepped its jurisdiction in pronouncing on policy on the ground that this is the preserve of the executive. The Centre's review does not contest the decision to cancel licences but argues that ruling all options other than auctions will lead to absurd results.The government's discomfort with the order is reflected in the review petition and the detailed presentation made to the parliamentary joint committee on telecom in which it has said that the SC violated the principle of \"separation of powers\" between the judiciary and the executive.The order is \"contrary to settled law\" and it is \"not permissible for the court to take this exercise upon itself and engage in policy-making, both for the reason that it is not its role to do so and it does not have the expertise to do so,\" the government told the JPC.While it did to challenge the cancellation, the Centre has in its review petition sought a relaxation in the four-month deadline set by the court for the licences to be scrapped. The order has resulted in some foreign firms that bought equity threatening their Indian partners with litigation. Others have said they will invoke bilateral agreements.The SC order is troublesome for the government as it spreads the 2G stain beyond Raja as the FCFS policy for spectrum allocation has been stoutly defended by the Centre. It has been felt that faulting the policy will put top figures in the government - not just an ally like DMK - in the dock as well. The government is keen that this part of the judgement be revised.Earlier, telecom minister Kapil Sibal had said that the SC ruling has implications for other sectors like mining giving the example of a scenario where a private enterprise spends considerable money prospecting and then a decision is taken to auction the finds after the entity has shouldered the risks.Policy making, the government insists, must take into account the \"weighing and balancing of different values and considerations\" and this remains the job of an elected executive that is accountable to Parliament.On the practical aspects of the SC order, the government feels that gap in the cessation of licenses and completion of auctions may result in disruption of services to 69 million subscribers. It also feels it needs to be decided whether auction should determine both price and allotee in all cases or if other considerations like preventing monopolies, ensuring level playing fields and inter-se or priority among bidders can be taken into account.The impact on tripartite agreements between licensor, licensee and banks and fallout on firms holding 3G spectrum whose 2G licences have been quashed, legalities of other licences are other issues that the government proposes to raise in course of the hearing on its March 2 review petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "rose enclave", "code": "12206452", "title": "He has grown a little heaven in the backyard", "text": "ROSE ENCLAVE: The garden, built by 60-year-old Amarjeet Singh and his wife of Rose Avenue, reflects love for nature in its purest and most beautiful form of flowers, ornamental plants and fruit trees. The crowning glory of this garden is the huge variety of Dahlias, which he has from the tallest to smallest in a variety of colours, providing a real treat for the eyes. A retired general manager with department of industry, Amarjeet said, \"My wife Manjeet Kaur and I love to be in the company of nature so we have developed a small piece of heaven back home in an area of 250 square yards.''And creep up behind this nature lover while he's gardening, you're sure to find him smiling. Talking about his garden, Amarjeet adds, ''I have a huge collection of plants which range from green ornamental to flowers and fruit trees. However, the USP of my garden is the 100 plants of Dahlias. I have 9 feet tall Dalias in my garden, which are rare in any private garden in Punjab as normally its height is not more than 3-4 feet. I also have them in a variety of colours including red, mauve, pink, black, yellow.''Singh adds, ''Apart from Dahlias we have a huge variety of Dog flowers, Pansies, Poppy flowers in red and dark yellow, Begunia and Oster flower in the garden.''Wife of Amarjeet Singh, Manjeet Kaur, 59, said, ''We have beautiful ornamental green plants in the garden including Monkey puzzle, different varieties of palm including Fish, Areca and Bottle palm. We also have the best grass in the lawn.''Singhs clearly believe in reaping sweet fruits of hardwork. Besides flowering plants their garden has a huge variety of fruit trees too. ''We have planted two trees of hybrid lemon and one each of guava, mango, almond and masunda in the garden. The fruits are enough for us and our friends.''And maintaining this beautiful garden is all about hardwork and dedication for the couple. Amarjeet Singh said, ''I mostly buy seeds and grow them in my nursery. We haven't kept any gardener for maintenance of the garden and love managing it on our own. I am a firm believer of the fact that service to plants is service to God.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12204301", "title": "Breached pipeline near Vadgaonsheri repaired", "text": "PUNE: The repair works on the breached water pipeline near Wadgaon Sheri were completed on Friday. The water pipeline between Chikhli and Wagholi had developed a breach at Vimannagar chowk, resulting in water leakage on early Friday morning.The water gushed into many shops and nearby houses creating panic in the area. The parking areas of housing societies in nearby areas, including Dinesh Society, Anuj Society and Somnathnagar, were filled with water. The water on the road also created problems for vehicular traffic.\"The pipeline was very old and suddenly developed a breach on Thursday night. After getting information about the leakage, our officers took necessary measures to plug the breach,\" said Narendra Salunke, executive engineer of Pune municipal corporation (PMC).Salunke said the leakage of water was stopped after nearly three hours of repair work.Nivurtti Utale, the sectional engineer who carried out the repair works, said the water supply was stopped after we were informed about the breach. \"The concrete road was broken for repairing the pipeline. The repair work, including cutting of the roads, repairing the pipeline and repairing the road was completed in 10 hours.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12204352", "title": "PMC announces water supply timetable", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation ( PMC) has announced the timetable for one-time water supply in various parts of the city.The area that will get water supply between 12.30 pm and 4.30 pm: Happy colony, Manmohan society, Sahvas society, Kshipra society, Gosawi vasti, Kotnis area, Mahabali society, Chintamani, Yasharee, Kulashree, Vedant Nagari, Shridhar colony, Karishma society, Kothrud industrial estate and Nirzar, Nataraj Society.The other areas to receive one-time supply at teh same time are Swapnamandir, Girijashankar Vihar, Nava Sahyadri, United Western colony, Shankarrao More society, Matoshree old age home, Rahulnagar, Mayur colony, Ideal colony, Tejasnagar, Mantri Park, Kothrud bus stop area, Alaknanda society and Karvenagar canal lane 2 to 10.The area that will get water supply between 9 am and 1 pm: Shau colony lane number 1 to 11.Area that will get water supply between 6 pm and 10 pm: Erandawane, Paud Phata chowk, area near Abhinav chowk, Patwardhan Baug, Ganesh Nagar, Gulavani Maharaj road, Purgrasta Vasahat, Laxminarayannagar, Indiranagar society, D P Road near Mhatre bridge, Mangeshkar hospital area and Himali society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12204635", "title": "New cabinet asks for status reports on recruitments", "text": "PANAJI: Manohar Parrikar-led six-member cabinet, shortly after being sworn in on Friday evening, sent department secretaries scurrying for status reports on various matters including RP2021, security arrangements for VIPs and roadside plastic waste disposal.But first off the list was a status report of the Congress-led government's binge offer of thousands of jobs, announced on December 23, 2011 a day before elections were declared.Parrikar told reporters later, \"New recruits should have no fear where proper procedure (in recruitment) has been followed and there is no scam. But where there are no approvals and manipulations have taken place, these (appointments) will be reviewed.\"On the regional plan, he said, \"The cabinet will take a final decision on RP2021 after its legal status and the status in every taluka is known.\"On VIP security he said, \"It's to reduce the burden on the state. There should be a reduction in VIP security even for the current chief minister and ministers.\"PWD has been asked to prepare a note on how it collects wastes and to identify dumping sites, it has also been asked to produce its pending bills which Parrikar termed as \"huge\".The status of the Lokayukta bill, pending with the law and company affairs' department; the backlog of vacancies for those from ST, SC and OBC backgrounds, and the file on the regularization of 68 malaria workers' jobs have also been asked for. \"It will take one or two months to clear,\" Parrikar said about the lattermost file.As for illegal mining, Parrikar said he is waiting for the Shah Commission report.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12205564", "title": "'Aspirin can be used to shrink some tumours'", "text": "MUMBAI: Some New York-based researchers have said that Aspirin, one among the most prescribed medicines in the world, could help in fighting cancer. Aspirin is used to curb pain, headaches and prevent heart attacks and strokes.\"Aspirin is so important in cardiac care that patients who, for some reason, cannot tolerate it are advised against undergoing angioplasty,\" says senior Mumbai cardiologist Dr A B Mehta. Aspirin's cancer link has often been discussed. Dr Urmilla Thatte, who heads premier teaching KEM Hospital's pharmacology department, said, \"There have been several trials on aspirin's anti-cancer properties. It's not a new premise, but there have never been confirmed benefits.''In 2010, Oxford University scientists reviewed previous studies and deduced that patients who took 75mg of aspirin a day had 20% lower chances of being diagnosed and dying of cancer than those who didn't. Some doctors have for long believed that aspirin can prevent colon cancer.But the jury is still out on the cancer-aspirin link, said Thatte. Indeed, the team from City University of New York Medical School, too, has acknowledged that it remains to be seen if their animal test results can be translated in the case of humans. Professor Khosrow Kashfi, whose research was done along with India-born researchers Dr Ravinder Kodela (formerly from the Indian Institute of Chemical Technology in Hyderabad) and Dr Mitali Chattopadhyay (from Jadavpur University of Kolkata), however, said if it worked, the new aspirin could be used in conjunction with other drugs to shrink tumors before chemotherapy or surgery.The use of aspirin is not without side-effects, though-internal bleeding and stomach ulcers are the most worrisome complications. But the New York researchers claim that their NOSH-aspirin (nitric oxide and hydrogen sulphide) could resolve this problem as patients would need smaller dosages, preventing side-effects.Friday's reports said, \"They (researchers) used the aspirin as a scaffold to support two molecules that have been shown to increase the drug's safety and potency. One arm of the hybrid aspirin releases nitric oxide (NO), which helps protect the stomach lining. The other releases hydrogen sulfide (H2S), which enhances aspirin's cancer-fighting ability.''Though the researchers said the NOSH therapy was years from human testing, the medical fraternity is excited. Said Thatte, \"It is an amazing idea that the aspirin, a simple medicine that was derived from the bark of willow tree, should emerge as an anti-cancer agent. Such research should be promoted across the world, including our country.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "seoul", "code": "12205177", "title": "Post-Fukushima, will India do a Kori in Kudankulam?", "text": "SEOUL: Post-Fukushima disaster, nuclear power plant (NPP) sites across the world have become hotspots of protest, including the 25-year-old project at Kudankulam in Tamil Nadu, but South Korea has not faced such panic-stricken public hostility even though it is constructing seven NPPs at Kori to generate 8,600 mw.Nuclear power may not be new to South Korea that has 21 NPPs generating 18,716 mw, but post-Fukushima Daiichi disaster the residents of Kori that got its first nuclear power plant in 1978 were a worried lot. The fear abounded despite the authorities scientifically proving that radiation dose measured in Kori air is 0.01 mSv, which too is the standard to be achieved by Kudankulam plant.\"We told the Kori residents that this is low as natural background radiation is 0.005-0.03 mSv and that to be harmful the radiation must be more than 500 mSv. We also told them that on an average a person receives approximately 2.4 mSv per year in natural background radiation through daily life activities,\" an official of Korea Hydro &amp; Nuclear Power Co (KHNP) told TOI.But, this was clearly not enough to mitigate the anxiety of Kori residents who viewed the NPP units with suspicion after Fukushima. The Korean government swung into action and delivered a bagful of goodies, starting with a $300-million grant to local development fund that allowed setting up of schools, colleges and super-speciality hospitals.It was followed by a promise to offer first preference to locals in employment at the eight Kori NPPs, scholarship up to college level to all students residing within five-km radius of the plants and free power within the same area to all residents up to Rs 500 (10,000 won or $10). Buoyed by the sops, there had been no protest against NPPs that are under construction or proposed.Will India repeat the Kori social security experience to help operationalize the Rs 13,171-crore NPP in Kudankulam in TN's Tirunalveli district? A comparison of the social security and welfare schemes implemented by the Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltd (NPCIL) with those offered by KHNP at Kori is likely to resolve the ongoing stir in Kudankulam.NPCIL has constructed call rooms, provided drinking water facility through bore wells, laid water pipe lines for 3.5 kms, ensured computer accessories for village schools and panchayat offices, installed fire extinguishers and built lavatories in schools apart from street lighting and laying a 17.6-km road.It has also renovated a home for disabled and mentally retarded children, organized health camps in villages, provided hearing-aids to schools for the needy in addition to a talent nurture scheme for meritorious students from economically backward sections. NPCIL also lists tsunami relief activities it had carried out as part of the inclusive growth programme under the social welfare measures undertaken.The KHNP official said it may not be possible for India to replicate the Kori welfare schemes at Kudankulam, but one must not lose sight of the fact that residents must want the NPP to be part of their daily life and look up to it as a benefactor rather than a worrisome cause.Instead of registering FIRs against NGOs for allegedly diverting foreign contributions towards organizing protests, India would do well to take a fresh look at the social welfare measures it wants to implement in and around Kudankulam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12203537", "title": "Commandant covered his tracks well", "text": "Mirchowk cops had to use all the policing techniques under their sleeve to nab Home Guards commandant J Krishnaiah, who is accused of embezzling the salaries of his subordinates. After realizing that the fraud might soon come to light, the smart cop took a number of precautions to cover his tracks and even made the reserve inspector (RI) working under him lodge a complaint against one of the constables.From July 2011, every month, Krishnaiah had been siphoning off government money by claiming salaries of 15 to 20 home guards with the help of double bills. This he did with the help of four constables who are now behind bars.It was the greed of one of the four constables that gave the game away. \"As the commandant himself was involved in the fraud, constable Vinay became courageous and started drawing the salaries of more home guards, and his colleagues got wind of it last month,\" said an investigating official.Unaware that the commandant himself was part of the scam, a low rank official dutifully alerted his boss about the fraud being committed by Vinay. Krishnaiah realized that the whole scam was on the verge of being exposed and immediately summoned RI Bal Reddy and asked him to lodge a complaint against Vinay.While the RI was gathering data to lodge a complaint, Krishnaiah called up Vinay over phone and asked him to take the blame on himself and surrender before the police. \"The commandant promised Vinay that he would take care of all his financial needs,\" said the source.Everything went according to plan, till Vinay, who was on the run, was apprehended. Instead of remanding him immediately, police kept him in custody for a few days reportedly without forcing him to say anything. As he was not getting any information from outside, Vinay grew suspicious about the promised support of the commandant and started spilling out the details of the scam.Based on his confession, police arrested the other three constables who were part of the fraud. After the arrest of the constables, commandant Krishnaiah went underground from Wednesday.Enquiries revealed that Krishnaiah was hiding in the city with the help of one of his family members who also happens to be working in the city police department. Senior officers immediately dispatched a police team to the officer's house in Amberpet and warned him that he should ensure that Krishnaiah immediately surrenders, failing which stringent action would be initiated against him.The pressure tactics worked and Krishnaiah came in contact with the investigating officials. To make him surface, police lied to Krishnaiah that he needed to appear before South Zone DCP Manish Kumar Sinha for an 'inquiry'. Believing that he would only be questioned, Krishnaiah appeared before the DCP at Purani Haveli office and was immediately arrested by Mirchowk ACP.Mirchowk police said they have documentary evidence against the commandant. In July 2011, the commandant signed in the registers saying that he had paid salary in person to nine home guards of the city, whereas in reality, all the signatures were forged and he himself pocketed the Rs 54,000 cash. \"We have recorded statements of all the nine home guards clearly stating that they have not collected the salary. Some of them are not even working in Hyderabad,\" said the investigating officer.Krishnaiah joined service in 1985 as a Reserve SI and has two more years of service left.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12205116", "title": "Job-seekers make a beeline at employment offices in state", "text": "LUCKNOW: An unexpected traffic jam near JC Bose Marg area on Friday morning forced many to change their route. The place leads one to Lucknow unit of employment office which witnessed an unprecedented footfall of job seeks three days after Vidhan Sabha election results ensured that Samajwadi Party (SP) would form the next government. The party had announced unemployment allowance at a rate of Rs 1,000 per month to be paid annually. It also promised to give laptops to students who clear intermediate and a tablet each to scholars passing class X.District employment officer P K Pundir said, \"We distributed 3,616 forms today, of which 2,200 were to women.\" On March 6, when election results were announced, 2,982 registrations were made. In the month of February, soon after SP made an announcement to this effect, 7,329 persons registered themselves.The increase may be estimated from the fact that barely 1,500 persons registered themselves with the Lucknow employment office in January . The scenario in Lucknow is only an indicator. Regional employment officer, headquarters and state career counsellor, R K Verma said that the demand in eastern zone (comprising 20 districts) has shot up in the last few weeks.\"At least 3,000 registration forms are being distributed by our district offices on a daily basis,\" added Verma . \"Estimates show that Allahabad , Kanpur, Gorakhpur and Varanasi are distributing about 4,000-5 ,000 forms daily,\" said Verma. This may mean that some one lakh candidates are applying for the allowance everyday.Every visitor has a strong reason to apply. Deeba and her friend Deepti , pursuing post-graduate diploma in computer application and hailing from middle-class families, were simply availing the opportunity. \"Twelve thousand rupees is not a small amount. I can use it for anything I like,\" said Deeba. Graduate but jobless Manisha was there to reduce some burden on her family. \"In the quest for a job, so many forms have to be filled and a lot of paper work is done,\" she said. Her friend Deepali, who is in BA-II , said that she would use the money to submit her post-graduation fees.Incidentally, none of these girls were aware of the promise made by SP in its poll manifesto. Point number 2 of section 'yuva bhavishya ki asha' (page 16) of the document says that upper limit for applying for a job would be raised to 35 years. Alongside, youths who fail to get a job till the age of 35 years will be given Rs 12,000 as an annual unemployment allowance. When some applicants were told about the provision, they said, \"It doesn't take money or much time to apply here. What is the harm in taking a chance?\"The rush of job-seekers gave Pundir goose bumps. \"It was barely 10 am and being a day after Holi, I was expecting a lean working day. But around 2,000 young men and women were waiting for the counters to open. By noon, more than 4,000-odd people had assembled and there was no place for anyone to stand or even wade through,\" he said. At 11.45 am, additional district magistrate, Lucknow east, O P Pathak received a phone call asking for help. The caller was Nand Lal, a nazool officer at JC Bose Marg-based old Lucknow development authority office that houses the employment office as well.\"He said that the crowd was exceptional and the number of people on the small premises surged with each passing minute. Instructions for crowd and traffic management were given,\" Pathak told TOI. First a constable came to take stock of the situation. After some telephonic instructions , he started diverting the traffic and telling students to come early on Saturday. Parking their vehicles haphazardly along the roads, youngsters rushed to the place as if collecting the registration form was as important as their examination admit cards. Within 20 minutes, force was deployed for better control .At his end, Pundir directed his staff to leave everything else and just distribute registration forms. The number of counters was also increased from 5 to 20. \"Our counters wear a deserted look on a normal day. But things have changed drastically since February. And today, I couldn't even lift my head or sip a cup of tea,\" said Pundir. Despite the extra arrangements, a large number of candidates returned empty handed .Many of Pundir's colleagues were facing a similar situation. \"We have been working overtime for the last three weeks only because of the sudden awakening among job-seekers ,\" said M K Singh, employment officer, Allahabad, which has already set a record. \"We have registered 25,000 persons in February and around 7,000 in March through the manual process while another 50,000 have applied through the online route,\" Singh added.Meanwhile, sources said that anticipating demand from the new political bosses; officials have already started gathering district-wise data of unemployed individuals about three weeks before their usual schedule.30% surge in sale of postcards as wellConsidering the need for postcards in completing formalities for registration at the employment office, the demand for postcards has shot up in the last one week. Director, postal services, headquarters, Sachin Kishor said that 10,000 post cards were sold from the post offices in Lucknow alone in the last two days. Not only this, a stock of 5,000 postcards was earmarked in view of the rising demand. The demand was higher in the rural areas and eastern districts. \"The sale of postcards has surged by 30% in the last few days,\" Kishor said. Due to e-mails , postcards had gone almost out of fashion. \"Only a few units were sold once in a while. Though temporary, the turnaround is interesting and good for us,\" Kishor added. It may be noted that an applicant submits some self addressed postcards along with the registration form to the employment office. These postcards are used to intimate the applicant in case of a job vacancy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204488", "title": "40% rise in liquor sales on Holi eve", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government's excise department collected close to Rs 63 crore as excise duty in the week preceding Holi. That the city partied harder this Holi is evident from the fact that the Delhi State Infrastructure and Industrial Development Corporation alone managed to rake in revenue to the tune of Rs 9.50 crore from liquor sales at its outlets on Holi eve.According to DSIIDC officials, the revenue generated from liquor sales at the Corporation's outlets was Rs 6.8 crore on Holi eve in 2011. Thus, the sales this time marked an increase in revenue by 40% as compared to last year.A day after the festival of colours, the excise department officials said revenue from excise duty between March 1 to March 7 added up to Rs 63 crore. On an average, the weekly excise duty collections hover around Rs 40 crore.Unlike Christmas or New Year's Eve when high-end brands are a favourite, DSIIDC officials found that 70% of sales before Holi were generated by liquor brands of low to medium category costing between Rs 110 and Rs 350. \"During Christmas and New Year, 65% of our sale is generated through medium to higher brands costing Rs 330 and above,\" said C Arvind, managing director, DSIIDC Liquor Limited.DSIIDC's 'High Times' vend at N-Block, Connaught Place recorded an unprecedented sale of Rs 30.37 lakh on Holi eve, recording an increase of 151.41% over 2011 where the same outlet sold liquor worth Rs 12.08 lakh.The Shadara vend of the Corporation recorded sale of Rs 24.74 lakh against Rs 17.03 lakh in 2011. In south Delhi, the Masjid Moth vend registered sale of Rs 21.07 lakh against Rs 12.5 lakh last year. The vends in malls, too, saw the sales pick up around Holi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204555", "title": "MCD polls: Have big spenders made an impact in area? A reality check", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP councillor from Paharganj has spent the maximum funds for development of his ward. But if one travels through narrow lanes and bylanes of Paharganj, it is hard to believe that projects worth Rs 3.68 crore - amount sanctioned to each MCD councillor is Rs 3.71 crore during 2007-10 - have been approved for the area. Residents and traders complain that none of their problems related to sanitation, streetlights, encroachment etc has been addressed during this period.Crores of rupees were spent before the Commonwealth Games to give a facelift to the area, a preferred destination for backpackers. But unfinished projects and poor civic facilities have led to a sharp fall in business. Residents say councillor Sunil Kakkar has spent more money on the projects that were left mid way during the Games. \"They had constructed cemented roads in residential and market areas. But the roads developed cracks soon and the councillor had to get it re-constructed. The repair work started only six months ago,'' said Ram Kumar Bali, general secretary of the senior citizen RWA, Paharganj.With the congested lanes, parking is a problem. The stack parking behind the Shiela cinema - the only parking lot completed by the MCD in the past five years - isn't of much help. \"Not many traders use it as rates are high and it can accommodate only 90 cars. We often have to wait in queue for 15-20 minutes to park the car. Moreover, there is no discount for residents,\" said Mohd Saquib, a resident.Newly constructed toilet blocks and roads in katras may have given people a reason to support Kakkar in the civic polls. But Bali says, \"Earlier, there was no toilet facility in the area. But sanitation is still poor. The area houses more than 100 guesthouses and hotels but the MCD has not listened to residents' plea to increase the number of sanitation staff.\" Kakkar, however, blames the residents. \"Despite having four auto-tippers, the reason for poor sanitation is that workers clean the area in the morning but residents dump garbage by afternoon,\" he claims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "12205059", "title": "Jats intensify quota stir, block roads", "text": "HISAR: Jats have threatened to block all roads, possibly even NH 1, in Haryana from Saturday as they intensified their quota stir on Friday by blocking the Delhi-Sirsa NH 10 at Mayyar and Agroha villages in Hisar district, as well as the road connecting Hisar to Chandigarh.The protestors also uprooted a railway track near Mayyar village and blocked several local roads in Hisar and Bhiwani districts by dumping stones on them. The stir intensified as the state government refused to release the arrested Jat leaders. The Jats had sent an ultimatum to the government to free their leaders by Friday noon.About 24 trains remained cancelled for the 19th day as Jats continued to stage a dharna near Mayyar village on the railway tracks in support of their demand for their inclusion in the OBCs. The protestors also refused to cremate the body of a youth, Sandeep, who was killed in clashes between police and protesters on March 6, till their demands are met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12212128", "title": "2G verdict: Cabinet defers decision on presidential reference", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union cabinet today deferred a decision on a proposal to make a presidential reference on the Supreme Court's order on 2G licences regarding auction of natural resources.Sources said it was decided at the meeting to call the Solicitor General for hearing his views before a decision is taken. Another meeting may be held next week, sources said.The government is considering seeking the presidential reference as it wants clarity on the apex court's February two verdict on natural resources in the 2G spectrum case.The Supreme Court had said natural resources should be auctioned and the reference is planned to be sought under Article 143 of the Constitution as per which the President can seek clarification from the apex court on its judgements on issues of public interest, the sources said.The government has already, on March 2, filed the review petition in the apex court questioning its verdict holding as unconstitutional the policy of first-come-first-served in allocation of 2G spectrum saying it has entered into the exclusive domain of the executive and beyond the limits of judicial review.It contended the top court's prescription of a single method for distribution of all natural resources, including spectrum, through \"auction\" route is contrary to the principle of separation of powers embodied in the Constitution.Earlier, the UPA government had gone for the presidential reference in 2004 on the river water-sharing dispute between Haryana and Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12204556", "title": "Indian ban on cotton exports leaves Pak millers fuming", "text": "NAGPUR: The cotton politics in India has left the Pakistani textile sector sulking. The recent ban on cotton exports from India is a bane for the Pakistani textile sector, while cotton-growers there are getting a higher price for their produce. However, it's the other way round in India, where the ban will hit farmers but benefit the industry.In Pakistan, cotton prices have firmed up since supply from India has ceased, and even consignments booked earlier too will not reach Pakistan now. With business hit, the Pakistani textile lobby has come down hard on their Indian counterpart, which reportedly lobbied for the export ban.The ban has been implemented to please the Indian textile sector, but would harm the farmers' interest. Claiming moral high ground, the Pakistani textile manufacturers say they would never lobby for a similar move in their country, and would rather protect their farmers' interest.Pakistan is a net importer of cotton. So, a ban in an exporting country pushes up the prices there. This directly hits the textile industry, which has to pay a higher price for the raw material. Pakistan is the fourth largest cotton producer of the world. But there is two-way trade of the commodity between India and Pakistan.The export ban in India has been flayed by the All Pakistan Textile Millers Association (APTMA). APTMA has always opposed a similar move in Pakistan, Mohsin Aziz, president of the association, told TOI over telephone from Peshawar.This is the second time there has been a default in supplies from India, said Aziz, referring to last year's move to impose curbs on exports as the season ended. \"If this continues, India will be considered an unreliable trade partner,\" he said.There have been demands for a similar ban in Pakistan by bedcover and apparel manufacturing associations, but the textile millers have not backed them. Aziz says the 'Pakistani textile sector is not as selfish as its Indian counterpart'. He can afford to say that, since cotton from India lowers prices in Pakistan.\"As a spinner, an export ban at home would indeed be profitable for me, since the price of cotton, which is the raw material, will come down due to the increased domestic supply. However, we feel that farmers are equal partners in the business. They should not be denied of an opportunity to get a higher price if they have an alternative in the global market,\" said Aziz.At the same time, APTMA has opposed any government intervention, like buying cotton at MSP, when the prices are low. However, citing the fact that the association has not pressed for any support for itself, Aziz said they believe in free trade. Aziz claimed that there have been times when there was an acute shortage of cotton in Pakistan, but the textile lobby did not press for any ban on exports.Although Aziz could not immediately cite exact figures for cotton imported from India or the overall production figures, he said shipments from India have been relatively less due to a bumper crop at home. However, there have been reports of a considerable number of pending orders which may not be delivered due to the ban. Cotton prices in Pakistan are ruling at Rs 6,000 per 50kg, Aziz said as a bullish trend is seen after the export ban in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12213138", "title": "Cimecon inaugurated in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: The three-day conference, Coal India Medical Conference (Cimecon), was inaugurated here on Saturday by Coal India Limited (CIL) director (personnel) R Mohandas and Central Coalfields Limited chairman-cum-managing director Gopal Singh.Around 250 doctors from the eight subsidiary companies of CIL are participating in the conference. The participants will also present 35 research papers during the conference and based on the quality they will be awarded.Speaking on the occasion, Mohandas said that CIL is working to equip all the hospitals of the company with modern equipment. \"The best aspect of the conference will be that the experts will examine and also operate patients during the conference and show participating doctors who to handle complicated surgeries,\" said conference organizing secretary R R Sinha.The organizers are hopeful that the participants, especially those who are coming from mining areas, will benefit from the experience of experts.Earlier in the day, the technical session of the conference was inaugurated by Dr Devi Shetty, who is also the chairman of Narayan Hrudayalaya Hospital. He delivered a lecture on innovation in healthcare development system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12205176", "title": "First lift at footbridge soon", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) has decided to install an elevator for the first time at a foot-over-bridge (FoB) to be constructed at Bhavani Singh Road in the city.To help pedestrians cross the road, the JDA has proposed the FoB near the Rajendra Marg junction. Chief engineer Lalit Sharma said, \"At this FoB, the elevator is more convenient as it will not cover the space of the footpath and cycle track. The FoB will be constructed on the build operate and transfer (BOT) basis and work order for the project will be given soon.\"According to officials, the estimated cost of installing the elevators and constuction of the footbridge is Rs 2.5 crore and the work will be completed within four months after releasing the work orders. Officials also believe that since many elderly citizens come to the nearby hospital daily, the elevator will be more convenient as compared to escalators.Recently, the JDA has announced to develop the Bhawani Singh road as the first model road of the city and work has been started in this direction.The 100-feet-wide road connecting Indira Circle to Rambagh will be one of its kind as the authority has planned to construct a foot-over-bridge, cycle track, footpath and green buffer zone.To avoid accidents, people residing in houses on the north side of the road will have to use a three-metre-wide service lane as the house gates directly open on the road. If they have to directly come out on the main road, the possibility of accidents would increase, hence a decision to construct a service lane was taken by the JDA officials.As there are hospitals, schools and shops on the south side, the JDA will develop a 3.5-metre-wide footpath on this side of the road.The road was recently widened to 100 feet after acquiring 20-feet on both sides. An official said, \"This will be the first road in the state to have a cycle track.\" To avoid damage on the road during repairs, the JDA will, for the first time in the state, use a \"ducting system\" for telephone and power cables.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "12211678", "title": "Angry mob sets Army truck on fire in Kashmir", "text": "SRINAGAR: An angry mob today set ablaze an army vehicle after a youth was run over by it in Anantnag district of south Kashmir, police said.Yasir Ahmad Wani (27) died on the spot when he was hit by a truck belonging to the security force near Khanabal in Anantnag district, 52 kms from here, at 3.15 pm, they said.The death of the youth led to spontaneous protests in the town as a number of local youths pelted the Army convoy with stones, police said.The protestors set the army vehicle on fire soon after police had evacuated the army personnel on board to safety along with their weapons, they said.Fire tenders rushed to the spot and the blaze was put out, police said.The situation has been brought under control but tension continued to grip the area, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12204654", "title": "No school bus strike in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: While other cities observed the strike called by the School Bus Owners' Association on Friday, there was no effect in Nashik, where school buses plied normally. School authorities said they came to know about the strike late yesterday evening and this being peak exam time, they didn't want students to suffer.The School Bus Owners' Association had called for an indefinite strike from Friday owing to the lack of assurance by the state government regarding their demands. The strike was later called off. The association was protesting the safety norms for school buses imposed by the state government, which they term as impractical. The state-wide strike, which was observed in most cities, was not observed in Nashik because schools in the district did not want students to suffer at the end of the academic year.\"We got the news late in the evening, around 8pm. Our drivers began calling us after that. This is prime exam season and most schools are exam centres for the SSC board exams. Owing to this, our regular school hours are only till 10.15am. This is the time to complete the syllabus. We had a holiday for Holi, tomorrow is Saturday; how can we observe the strike and make our students suffer?\" said the headmistress of a renowned school in the city.\"Why should someone's whims and fancies create trouble for our students? It is not fair to the children. Moreover, we did not get any instructions from our main office,\" she said. Authorities of most city schools echoed the same opinion and said that none of their main offices instructed them to do observe the strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12213069", "title": "Police yet to crack many murder cases", "text": "GUWAHATI: Though the city police claim to have a lead in all the murder cases that took place in the city since the beginning of this year, they are yet to crack at least eight cases.The allegation came after an unidentified body was recovered on Saturday from the Sixmile area. The man is suspected to be a driver.\"The city has registered five murder cases since the beginning of March but the police have not been able to solve any one of them. They have failed to protect the lives of common people here,\" said Bitupan Borbora, a resident of Panbazar.\"This is shame on the part of the city police who claim to have leads in all the cases. Apart from murders, the city also witnessed a grenade blast last week. The police claimed to have leads in the case but no one has been arrested for the blast so far. It looks like the city police are chasing ghosts,\" said Dhiren Baruah, member of Guwahati senior citizen's club. On February 28, a grenade blast at Ganeshguri injured two.However, the city police said they are still working on all the murder cases. \"We are working on all the murder cases. But, it takes time,\" added a senior policeman.\"In the case of the severed head of Mojibur Rahman, which was found near Kamakhya temple on March 2, the police have arrested one person who was indirectly linked to the killing,\" said a senior police official here.The city police are yet to find the remaining parts of the Mojibur's body.The first murder case registered in 2012 was on January 9 when Tayebulla Khatun, an 80 year old lady was killed at her own house at Machkhowa.On February 27, the body of a woman was recovered from the rented house of Khabiruddin Ahmed in Hatigaon area.On March 4, Khargeshwar Mahanta, a tea vendor was killed by three persons in Panabazar area, followed by the finding of another unidentified dead body in the water tank of Kandarpa Lahkar's house at Srinagar area on March 5.Ruhul Amin's dead body was found in Hatigaon on March 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204411", "title": "8 die in road accidents in 48hrs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eight persons were killed in road accidents in different parts of the city over the last 48 hours.The first incident occurred in the Nand Nagri area in northeast Delhi in which a 22-year-old man was killed after he lost control over his bike and rammed into a divider near a bus stand in the area. The deceased was identified as Manish. He was going to visit his uncle to celebrate Holi, police said.Another incident occurred in Uttam Nagar, west Delhi. A 35-year-old man was killed when his speeding motorcycle rammed into a tree near the Kakraula More. The deceased, identified as, Ajay, belonged to UP and was living on rent in Bharat Nagar. He was a carpenter.A 26-year-old man was killed after his bike hit a road divider near Subroto Park in the Delhi Cantonment on Thursday afternoon. The deceased, identified as Mahender, lived in Naraina and was on his way home from New Friends Colony after work.Another death occurred in Narela on Thursday. One Ghanshyam (32) of UP was killed when he rammed his motorcycle into a divider. Police said he was going to a friend's place after playing Holi.In the fifth incident, a 42-year-old man returning home on his bike along with his one-year-old son, was killed after being hit by a speeding tempo from behind.The deceased was identified as Anil, who was declared brought dead on arrival while his son, Ajay, is recuperating in the hospital, police said.In the sixth incident, a 19-year old teen on motorbike was killed when the bike was hit by a DTC bus. The deceased was identified as Raju. His two friends, who were with him on the bike, are recuperating in the hospital. The errant driver fled the spot after the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12207765", "title": "Samajwadi Party announces Akhilesh Yadav as the new chief minister of UP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three-time MP from Kanauj Akhilesh Yadav is the new chief minister of Uttar Pradesh. Akhilesh, the parliamentarian son of SP chief and former chief minister Mulayam Singh Yadav , is to be sworn in March 15.The decision to elect him the top post was finalised at an hour-long meeting of the newly-elected SP legislators in Lucknow on Saturday.Earlier, senior SP leader Azam Khan proposed Akhilesh Yadav's name as chief minister of UP at the legislative board meeting in Lucknow. Akhilesh's uncle Shivpal Yadav seconded the proposal, after which the former bowed to his father and touched his feet. Later, most of the Samajwadi Party leaders endorsed the proposal.There were strong voices within the party supporting him to be the chief minister. Initially, Mulayam's brother Shivpal Singh Yadav was opposing Akhilesh as chief minister, but he was later convinced by the former chief minister.Akhilesh at the age of 38 has become the youngest chief minister of Uttar Pradesh.It may be noted that the credit for the win of the Samajwadi Party and the routing of Mayawati-led Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) has been unanimously given to a rigorous campaign by Akhilesh across the state.The suspense over who will head the new government in Uttar Pradesh is over now.An MP from Kannauj, Akhilesh is largely seen as a game changer in UP politics and credited with the massive mandate in favour of the party in the assembly polls.An environmental engineer from Sydney University, Akhilesh was appointed state president of the SP in 2009. He slogged it out for the party in hostile situations, with Bahujan Samaj Party chief Mayawati at the helm of affairs.After his elevation as chief minister, Akhilesh would now quit his seat as MP from Kannauj and is likely to contest elections for the state assembly from Jaswantnagar, a seat for long held by Shivpal Yadav.Before Akhilesh's election as the chief minister, Mayawati was the youngest Uttar Pradesh chief minister at 39 years of age.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12207758", "title": "\u2018We will miss him in Indian Team\u2019", "text": "MANGALORE: When the news of Rahul Dravid's retirement trickled in, what came first to the minds of cricket lovers in the city was 'Ramesh Rao Benefit Cricket match' held in 1998 for one special reason. It was the only one-day match that Dravid played in Mangalore.Recalling the match between Karnataka and the Rest of India, Kasturi Balakrishna Pai, manager, Dakshina Kannada Cricket Association (DKCA) said that Dravid played well in the match.\"Dravid had played excellently for Karnataka in the match, which was held at Mangala Stadium. Other former Indian players like Javagal Srinath , Anil Kumble , Mohammed Azharuddin, Manoj Prabhakar, Ajay Jadeja , V V S Laxman and Brijesh Patel also participated in the match,\" Pai said.On Dravid's retirement, Pai said that he retired at the right time. \"I know him personally. He is a down to earth person. We have lost the wall of Indian cricket, but personally I feel that he didn't do anything wrong when he announced his retirement yesterday. It was the apt time for him to give up work. His contributions to cricket, especially to the state and the nation in general, were significant,\" he added.According to Srikanth Rai, president, DKCA, Dravid's retirement evokes a mixed feeling of sadness and happiness.\"We are happy that Karnataka cricket will gain from his retirement, but at the same time we will miss him in the Indian Team. Karnataka State Cricket Association (KSCA) will take the experience of Dravid in promoting the game in the state. He will be a motivation for youngsters in the state,\" Srikanth added.Mangalore Zone Under 25 cricket team captain Janardhan M Thingalaya too feel that Dravid's retirement is a huge loss for Indian cricket. \"He was a very good slip fielder and batsman. I hope that he will serve as a good cricket coach for young cricketers in the state in future,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12206357", "title": "FOBs still a far cry", "text": "BHOPAL: Foot over-bridges (FOB) seem to be a distant dream for the citizens as the constructions of the much-needed civic amenity is yet to kick off. With a slow pace of development, the 11 FOBs proposed to be built in the city still happen to be on the paper.If the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) bosses are be believed, it will take two years for completion of the FOBs in the city. In December 2011, the civic body had unveiled its ambitious project of constructing 11 FOBs at various places in the city and had set itself a deadline of nine months. However, four months on, it is yet to make any move to meet the goal.\"With the rise in number of vehicles in the city, crossing roads have become dangerous,\" Ram Narayan Singh, a resident of New Market said. \"I was looking forward to FOBs. As there are no signs of FOBs, it is still a distant dream,\" he added.The corporation will construct 11 FOBs in two rounds. In the first round, only six bridges will be built. The remaining five FOBs will be built in the second round. \"We are concentrating on the first round,\" mayor Krishna Gaur said.The initial formalities for the over-bridges still not over, the work cannot be completed in nine months, BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said.\"Some formalities have yet to be completed. The delay in construction of FOBs is due to that,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava told TOI. \"The corporation has yet to decide on contractors. We are trying our best to complete the work by the end of 2013,\" he added.The BMC is to construct FOBs at Jyoti talkies, Bairagarh, Bhopal Talkies, Alpana talkies, Roshanpura Square, Habibganj railway station and near TT Nagar police station.The FOBs at Jyoti talkies will be the first steel footbridge with escalators. The 38-40 m long and 3 m wide bridge is estimated to cost Rs 1.59 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12206430", "title": "Goof-up by the IMC", "text": "INDORE: Strange are the ways of Indore Municipal Corporation. As many as eight villages have been included within the municipal limits even without notification. The villages Sukla Khedi, Gadra Khedi, Bhagirathpura, Bhamori, Khajarani, Pipliyahana, Chidvad and Pipliya Rao have now become a part of wards of the corporation. Interestingly, the IMC sanctions the maps for these areas and even collects property tax, which is not permissible unless the notification is issued.The goof-up came to fore when a fresh notification was issued for inclusion of 29 villages within the municipal limits. Kishor Kodwani of Vikas Mitra Drishti 2050, who brought it to the light said that in 1976, the notification was issued to include 11 villages viz; Khajarana, Pipliyana, Mushakhedi, Bijalpur, Tejpur Gadbadi, Sirpur, Banganga, Sukliya, Narwar, Kabirkhedi and Niranjanpur within the municipal limit. But eight villages which were never notified, also became the part of the city limits. Now anyone from these areas can challenge the civic body in the court of law for collection of property tax from them which is illegal.Kodwani further stated that as per the master plan of 1974, around 37 villages were supposed to be part of the city, but due to lapses on part of the IMC, the notification was issued for only 11 villages and the eight villages were included without any notification.\"At the time of forming wards of new Indore after notification of 1974 in which 11 villages were included into municipal limits, IMC used the map of Indore Investment Area of State Government instead of making it's own. In the map, 19 villages around Indore of 1974 were shown as part of the city,\" said Kodwani.Notification of State Government dated February 13, 1974 reads that city is fast developing and 19 villages around the city have become part of it, but these villages are not part of the municipal limits on paper. Thus government had prepared a map of Indore Investment Area (IIA) including these 19 villages. However, notification of 1976 regarding expanding of city limit includes only 11 villages and left 8 villages shown in IIA. Interestingly, even census of 1991 has considered these areas as outskirts of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12202912", "title": "6 members of family nabbed for murder", "text": "MUMBAI: Six members of a Nalasopara family have been arrested on charges of murdering a woman. Victim Shreya Jagtap (20) got married to Sandeep last May. Police say Shreya's husband, his father, mother, brother and sister-in-law had been torturing her for dowry.On October 27, 2011, they registered a missing person complaint with the police. The same day, a body was found on the railway tracks in Panvel. Later, through a police ad, Shreya's father was able to identify the body as that of his daughter. When confronted, Sandeep's family admitted they had smothered Shreya to death and thrown her body on the tracks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12205567", "title": "Mumbai for Me: Let's give ourselves the space we deserve", "text": "MUMBAI: If there's one aspect of city life that has upset Mumbaikars the most over the years, it is the poor availability of open spaces. There aren't enough parks to stroll in, grounds to play on, or beaches and promenades to simply unwind.Open spaces like gardens, waterfronts and green patches not only positively affect the physical well-being of citizens, they also help soothe the stresses and strains of the 24x7 life in a metro. Health experts agree that playing in the outdoors not only takes children away from their sedentary lifestyle but also teaches them how to interact with nature, develop friendships and become independent.On the face of it, the BMC's open space policy says there are 2,398 spaces reserved for gardens, parks, playgrounds and recreation grounds in the city. In reality, not even 50% of the reserved open spaces (a mere 19 sq km or 2.1% of Mumbai's land mass) has been acquired by the BMC. When a team of city architects led by P K Das traced 2,053 of the 'open' spaces, it found a quarter encroached upon. Another survey, by the Urban Design Research Institute five years ago, found that 45% of the city's open spaces had been completely or partially covered up or encroached upon.Whatever the figure, the crime is obvious: There are several open spaces out there, but they are not being acquired for their actual purpose. Meanwhile, many of them fall prey to illegal slums and land sharks.The Times of India seeks to open a debate on not just the complaints against such official apathy, but also on the solutions offered by citizens, professionals, social organizations and governmental agencies. In TOI's 'Mumbai for Me' campaign, we seek to bring together various sections of society to discuss how the quality of life can be improved by enhancing the availability and quality of open spaces.Das and his team have drawn up one solution: a comprehensive plan that seeks not only to protect and develop reserved open spaces, but also develop public areas along lakes, ponds, beaches, hills, mangroves, promenades and other green zones. It's a plan not just for the city, but for neighbourhoods, seeking to create and integrate open spaces in a manner that they \"intermingle with daily life\", says Das. (An exhibition of the team's solutions will run at the NGMA from March 15.)There is no reason why a city with a wealth of untapped reserved areas, a national park within the municipal limits, a 34-km coastline, a profusion of beaches, lakes, creeks, mangroves and wooded areas, and promenades with world-class potential, has to languish in dreary, congested and concretized confines that offer just 0.03 acre of open space to every 1,000 people.That sorry figure was computed 40 years ago, when Mumbai had a population of a little under 9 million. Today's 12.4 million Mumbaikars must demand the environment and atmosphere they deserve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12203962", "title": "HC tells Israeli duo to leave by March 13", "text": "KOCHI: The Israeli couple served with a deportation order, should leave India voluntarily and latest by Tuesday, a single bench of the Kerala high court ordered on Friday.The couple, Shneor Zalman Bernstein and Yaffa Shendi Keing from Jerusalem, came to Kochi on March 3, 2010 and have been staying in a rented house in Fort Kochi. The collector had asked them to leave India, based on an intelligence report that they were engaged in suspicious activities.The court also offered them a chance to leave voluntarily, in lieu of stigma-free documents, which the couple had accepted. On Friday, justice S Siri Jagan ordered the government to ensure that the couple leave India latest by Tuesday and that the deportation order should not reflect in their travel documents. Disposing the petition, the court observed that justice would be met if they are allowed to leave the country voluntarily without attaching any stigma with respect to their activities in Kerala. Instead, their exit from India shall be recorded as voluntary exit of tourists.Though the court wanted the couple to leave India by Monday, they were granted an additional day in case they face any trouble in arranging tickets.According to the deportation order, the couple violated visa norms by organizing activities related to their religious life under the religious organization 'Chabad'. In the petition, the couple contended that the husband is a qualified rabbi and that they were invited by the Cochin Synagogue to help in prayers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12205095", "title": "Elusive tiger makes another kill in Rahmankhera forest", "text": "LUCKNOW: While the trackers in Rahmankhera were wondering if the tiger has moved on from its current location, the big cat made another kill, a blue-bull . It has been exactly two months since the tiger is present in Rahmankhera. Its first presence in the area was reported on January 8.And during its stay in the area, it has neither ventured into the villages, some of which lie in the middle of the jungle, nor has it attacked humans. And this probably has made the task difficult for the forest department .\"Had it been a man-eater , we could have been aggressive but as it's not, we have to focus on trapping it safely,\" said sources in the department .The tiger, however, has started getting disturbed by the presence of tracking team in the area. On Thursday , it charged twice at the elephant while combing the area, said sources.The wildlife activists who have been visiting the area said the forest department has not acted on the suggestions given by them.\"There is only one route which tiger follows to move in and out of the forest patch,\" said wildlife activist Sanjay Narayan. There is one concrete structure which is present at the place and wildlife activists suggested the tracking team to keep a watch on the tiger from that place.Meanwhile, another shooter from Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) might join the operation soon, as the current team has not been able to tranquilise the tiger despite encountering it on several occasions in the forest of Rahmankhera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12213880", "title": "Lioness attacks farmer in Dhari", "text": "RAJKOT: A lioness attacked a farmer in Gigasan village of Dhari taluka in Amreli district on Friday evening. According to forest department officials, Vinubhai Kotila, 40, was irrigating his castor farm on outskirts of the village when the lioness attacked him. The lioness pounced on the farmer from behind. However, it escaped when other farmers present in the field created a ruckus.Kotila received injuries on his hands and legs and was soon taken to the government hospital in Dhari. Later, he was referred to Amreli for further treatment where his condition is said to be stable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12207826", "title": "\u2018Dravid should not have retired so soon\u2019", "text": "MYSORE: Indian batsman Rahul Dravid announced his retirement from international cricket and first-class cricket in Bangalore on Friday. Many senior cricketers are unable to digest his \"sudden retirement\".Chandrashekar D Shanbal, senior cricketer and coach, was upset with the retirement. \"Dravid should have played for some more years. Bad phase is part and parcel of the game. Even Sachin Tendulkar , V V S Laxman and Virender Sehwag didn't do well in Australia. It will not be easy to fill his slot. Whoever takes his place will definitely be under tremendous pressure. His contribution to Indian cricket is immense. BCCI should utlize his service to groom promising cricketers in the country,\" adds Shanbal.Vijaya Prakash, former Ranji cricketer and convener of KSCA (Mysore zone) was also sour over the decision. \"Dravid could have played for a few more seasons. Bad patches come to everyone, but we should fight them,\" Vijaya said, adding: \"I think he might have decided that it's the right time to retire, and make way for young cricketers.\"P Ashok, who was regarded as dashing batsman in Karnataka and who had scored a century in just 28 balls at Chinnaswamy stadium, was all praise for Dravid. \"It was the right decision on Dravid's part. Earlier, Javagal Srinath and Anil Kumble had also taken the right decision\" added Ashok. Dravid, in his 16-year-long illustrious career, has come out with exemplary performance. Now, youngsters can show their mettle in the team,\" pointed Ashok, who works for BEML here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12204578", "title": "RP 2021 will be scrapped: Parrikar", "text": "What are the top priorities for your government?Manohar Parrikar: Some of the economic promises to various sections will be fulfilled through the budget, which is likely to be somewhere after March 22. There are other priorities... one is administrative, the other priority is something like town planning. The priorities will be discussed in the cabinet. After discussing in the cabinet, in the next 10 days implementation will begin.BJP's manifesto promised to scrap Regional Plan 2021 which was also a major issue in the elections. Will you scrap RP2021 or undertake corrections?RP 2021 is the first topic for today's cabinet. We want to scrap the plan. But we have to decide how to scrap it. We need to know what is the position, what would be the implications.You cannot do something without knowing the implication. Today (Friday) I'll give directions to put up a full report within three to four days on what is the exact position on RP. Accordingly, directions will be issued in a week's time. That is why I am keeping town and country planning with me. It (RP 2021) is to be scrapped. We have to decide on the methodology (to scrap the plan). We will act after we get the report from the TCP department within the next three to four days.Is fighting corruption one of your priorities?Very much. I will follow zero tolerance to corruption. Absolutely. I want to send a very clear signal in the first place-I won't tolerate anybody indulging in corruption. Those who have indulged in corruption in previous governments will be handled in a different way, issue-based. I am not going into which (issue), but I will stop all illegalities. Then, very important, is execution. There will be tasks for every minister and I am going to take a review after every three months with regards to every minister's performance. The first (review) may be after four months because they will require one month to settle down. And I will take the government to the people. For example, a certificate will be issued within 24 hours on basic documentation, then the certificate will be sent to the talathi for verification and if a person is found to have given a bogus declaration action will be initiated.After reviewing every minister's performance every three months, if a minister is found to be corrupt, will you take action against him?In the first year I can drop a minister if he does not perform. He has to perform. And if there is corruption then I will not allow him to continue. I am confident that my ministers will not indulge in corruption.What would be the changes in bureaucracy?Those (decisions) will take some time. I have to study who is where and (who has) the capacity to handle the department. By Monday all things will be in place.Are you preparing to speed up the pace of the bureaucracy?Bureaucracy is like water. It adopts the colour of the government. Don't blame the bureaucracy. I have not blamed the bureaucracy. Bureaucrats always adopt the colour of the government. If the government is bad, they are bad, if the government if good, they become good. If any one is found corrupt, I will not keep quiet. I am very clear about fighting corruption. People have given me a mandate to act against corruption. It's going to be zero tolerance to corruption. Zero is zero. My signal is very clear if corruption is stopped 75 % of the ills will go. Besides, all wasteful expenditure will be stopped.What action will be taken against those in the previous governments who are involved in scams?The Lokayukta will take action (on scams). I would prefer to hand over cases to the Lokayukta.And how many projects will be reviewed, including the Mapusa district hospital?Mapusa district hospital's privatization will be cancelled. It is our firm opinion that a district hospital with minimum essential services cannot be given to a private provider.When will you expand the cabinet?After the budget and in the first week of April. There may be two more rounds. I will keep finance, home, education, town and country planning and mining portfolios (with me).How will you tackle the Medium of Instruction (MoI) issue?(Takes a pause) MoI issue will be tackled. We'll begin (discussions) next week. Once the pre-budget exercise starts, I will sit with the MoI issue. If I take 10 issues at a time I won't be able to deliver.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12204557", "title": "Court defers order on ST driver's pleas till March 19", "text": "PUNE: The court of judicial magistrate first class Umeschandra More on Friday again deferred its order on the two pleas filed by rogue bus driver Santosh Mane till March 19. The order was deferred after assistant public prosecutor A K Pacharne filed a plea seeking time to file documents. The petition did not give details of the documents.Mane's lawyer Mahesh Agarwal had filed a plea for shifting him to regional mental hospital, Pune and to summon his Solapur-based psychiatrist Dilip Burte before the court to record his evidence.Agarwal had told the court that Burte's evidence needs to be recorded, as the mental hospital failed to follow the procedure under section 24 of the Mental Health Act (MHA), 1987, while issuing Mane's medical certificate on February 6. Burte has maintained medical records of Mane as per the MHA and state mental health rules, 1990.On January 25, Mane had hijacked a state transport bus from the Swargate stand and driven it for 14 km around the city on a manic spree that left nine dead and 31 injured.Speaking to TOI, assistant commissioner of police (crime II) Rajendrasinh Mohite said he has requested the jail superintendent to give a report on the medical facilities available at the jail and on Mane's mental status. The reports will be placed before the court.When contacted, jail superintendent S V Khatavkar said Yerawada and Nagpur central prisons have six medical officers, including a psychiatrist and psychologist, for taking care of inmates like Mane.Khatavkar said Mane has been kept with 100 under trial prisoners. \"We have appointed two guards each, who will to keep tab on his activities round the clock,\" he saidMane maintains prison discipline, but does not talk much, like other inmates, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12206843", "title": "Sangam city immerses in Holi hues", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The festival of colours was celebrated with traditional fervour and gaiety in the city on Thursday and Friday. The whole of Sangam City reverberated with fun and frolic as locals splashed colour on each another. Denizens drenched in varied colours was a common sight in localities of Rajapur, Civil Lines, Meerapur, Bahadurganj, Johnstonganj, Chowk, Clock Tower, Khuldabad, Lukerganj, Preetamnagar, Harwara, Ashok Shivkuti, Chakia etc. People were seen exchanging greetings with one another. Holi is celebrated for two consecutive days in the city. Youngsters danced to the beats of latest Bollywood numbers. The most excited lot was of the tiny tots who enjoyed every moment of the festival. Armed with the attractive sprinklers, they were seen targeting their friends.However, the students appearing in CBSE and ISC boards exams could not have much fun as they had to devote more time to their studies.\"Holi is a festival which is celebrated by people of all ages and youngsters have maximum fun\" said Reeta, a school teacher. Various delicacies were also prepared for the festival. Gujhiya was the most favourite item which was in high demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12205199", "title": "\u2018I paid the price, but earned the premium...'", "text": "JAIPUR: For them, their passion is their guide, their mantra and their guru. They are the bravehearts who dared to tread the \"fire path\" without knowing that there would be light at the end of the tunnel. Of course, deep inside them, they believed one thing- fortune favours the brave.The city has many such examples of individuals who have broken the ghisa pita formula and are creating benchmarks for others. Niharika Soni, director of 'Let's Sway' in Jaipur, has never thought of taking dancing as a profession. First runner-up of a popular dance reality show on a private channel, she had always followed her parents' choice from college to career path.She enrolled for bachelors' degree in commerce though dance and accounts has nothing common.To pursue her dream, she joined a dance class at Tilak Nagar, which angered her parents. \"I followed my heart and paid the price, but earned the premium. My parents didn't interact with me for six months,\" said Soni, who took training from famed choreographers like Saroj Khan, Vaibhavi Merchant and Terrance. She participated in three dance shows on different channels.Success has changed the mind of her parents. Now they are proud of her and don't forget to watch her performance on television or live shows.\"I am financially stable and take immense pleasure in teaching various dance forms to kids and elders,\" said Soni.Another denizen, Mohit Kachawa, graduated in hotel management, fetched a managerial job at a five-star hotel in a city without much struggle. However, managing guests and their affairs throughout the day and wearing formals was not his cup of tea.He left his lucrative job to pursue specialization in wines and beer to get into bar-tending. \"I can mix hundreds to thousands of different drinks to make a cocktail, and at times entertain guests by juggling bottles. This profession is very rewarding if you have a sound knowledge of different drinks,\" said Kachawa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12203544", "title": "A peek into the royal library of the Nizams", "text": "The 45th death anniversary of Nizam VII Mir Osman Ali Khan on February 24 went past rather too quietly. The reason, no one remembered the Gregorian date, not even the Nizam's Trust. They said they observe the Nizam's birth and death anniversaries according to the Islamic calendar. The Gregorian and Islamic lunar calendar do not match, therefore, the miss.A couple of days before the death anniversary, a visit to Chowmahalla Palace threw light on some of the hidden dimensions of the Nizam's life. Going through the library which has not been opened to public yet, it was clear that he was a voracious reader, collected huge number of books and wrote poetry. He invited scholars to his court, gave them respect and held discussions with them on a variety of issues.The story behind this library is interesting. When former princess Esra came to know of the tomes of printed material that was lying in some rooms and cellars of the Nazri Bagh Palace, King Kothi, she roped in the services of Dr Aminuddin Khan to salvage it. She thought it would be a good idea to keep all the books, manuscripts and other documents found in Nazri Bagh and other places like Chiran Palace (KBR Park), etc. under one roof. While the collection in Chiran Palace was largely the result of interest shown by former prince Mukarram Jah in books, the material in Nazri Bagh solely belonged to his grandfather.There is a curious twist to this story of book collections. It is not known why a large collection of printed material is still intact in Falaknuma Palace. She knew that access to the collection in Falaknuma Palace, after its conversion into a luxury hotel, would be restricted to hotel guests alone still she preferred to keep it there. As scholars point out, there are some collections in the palaces, bungalows and mansions of the rich that are only meant for seeing from a distance, not reading. They essentially form part of the overall decor of the place and give the owner an image of an 'intellectual.' Perhaps, Esra didn't wish to disturb the decor of Falaknuma Palace. Or perhaps she didn't wish to deny the guests of the palace hotel an element of pride which they could enjoy by making an occasional visit to the library there.Of all the three collections, the most important historically, of course, is the one that was found in Nazri Bagh. Since it was the official residence of the Nizam, the material could be of immense use for today's researchers. When Khan and his small band of dedicated workers began looking into the Nazri Bagh collection they were flabbergasted. A huge chunk of material had rotted beyond any salvaging attempt. Sources say that at least one third of the collection was lost to the neglect and vagaries of time. But what is left is also very interesting. For example, the team working on restoration found large numbers of pieces of papers over which the Nizam had scribbled notes by pencil. These papers require study by researchers who most likely could find what was going on in the mind of the Nizam who, after reaching pinnacle of power in 1937, had to merge his state into the Indian Union. The years, say between 1937 and 1948, are most crucial not only for the last Nizam but also the people of his state as well as the Indian sub-continent. Could there be something which he did write but didn't pass on to the persons it was meant to? Could there also be some thoughts which he put down on paper but didn't feel like sharing with anybody? The team has found, besides the eight volumes of published collections of his poetry, a lot that has not seen the light of the day.The poetic dimension to the Nizam apart, the Chowmahalla Palace advisor G Kishan Rao says the library which has already taken a decent shape will be consolidated and opened for research scholars soon. This, he believes, will help at relooking at Nizam, his contributions and the times more objectively. There cannot be two opinions on this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12195579", "title": "Baby Rao-Khan is in Bangalore", "text": "Close to Baby B's first flight, comes the news that Baby Rao-Khan has flown out of Mumbai.While Aamir Khan was touring the country for his TV show, his wife Kiran Rao has taken off to Bangalore to her mother's place with their newborn baby Azad Rao Khan. It made more sense since Aamir was gone for a long spell and Kiran's side of the family hadn't spent time with the baby.Also, this means she gets help and baby advice from her mom and relatives. Can't say if she will follow them though because Papa Khan must've drawn his own list of dos and don'ts and must have given her copies in triplicate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204203", "title": "Holi: 961 caught for drunk driving in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A staggering 8,526 people were prosecuted for traffic violations on Holi. Of these, 961 people were caught for drunk driving. This is the highest number of people caught for the offense in a single day since the crackdown on drunk driving began in 2010. However, cops say such cases are on the decline.\"Last year, we caught 662 people for drunk driving with the help of 50 police teams. This year, we intensified checking and deployed 200 such teams. Strict checking and the possibility of a jail-term have acted as deterrents bringing down the cases of drunk driving in the city. Holi was an exception,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.The festive day recorded the lowest number of fatal accidents in a decade. \"In 2000, 10 people had died in 10 fatal accidents on Holi. The number jumped to 19 the next year. The figure for 2012 is the lowest in over a decade, with six deaths in six accidents. This is a direct result of intensive checking of hooliganism on Holi,\" said a senior traffic cop.Of those caught driving drunk, 597 were two-wheeler drivers while 123 were car drivers, said cops. While 2,775 were found riding a two-wheeler without wearing a helmet, 606 pillion riders were prosecuted for the same offence.Around 4,000 traffic police officers were deployed on Holi and 1,594 drivers were prosecuted for jumping red lights. \"Of the prosecutions, only nine women were caught violating traffic rules. All of them jumped traffic signals,\" said a senior traffic police officer. At least 865 people were caught triple-riding and 378 were found not wearing seatbelts. Around 1,709 people have been caught in the special drive launched against drunk driving between March 1 and 8. Of these, 1,009 were two-wheeler drivers and 384 were driving cars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12203520", "title": "Fate of branded girl to be decided on March 21", "text": "MUMBAI: The child welfare committee (CWC) will take a call on March 21 on the future of a seven-year-old Dharavi girl who was branded and assaulted with a rolling pin for more than two months by her stepmother, Aarti Thakur (24), the police said.The CWC postponed the decision after the victim's grandfather requested them to hand her over to him. The girl's father was released on bail on March 3 after being arrested the previous day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12204637", "title": "Jewellery worth Rs 37k stolen", "text": "NASHIK: A woman was robbed of jewellery worth Rs 37,500 on Thursday. Ujjwala Baban Shelke (28), a resident of Rajratna Nagar, Cidco, said at 3am on Thursday, an unidentified person wearing black clothes and a mask entered her house by drilling a hole in the door and opening the latch. The robber woke Shelke up and threatened her with dire consequences if she tried to raise an alarm.However, a startled Shelke started shouting. Taken aback, the robber snatched a gold chain worth Rs 37,500 she was wearing and fled. Shelke's husband Baban was at work at the time of the incident. Shelke and her two kids were fast asleep when the unidentified robber entered the house.Motorcycle, car missing: A motorcycle worth Rs 20,000 was stolen from the parking lot of the Samartha Co-operative Bank near Shalimar recently. The owner of the bike, Sunil Bhanage, a resident of Mangal Murti Society, Panchavati, has registered a complaint in this regard with the Bhadrkali police. In another incident, a car worth Rs 2.5 lakh was stolen from BMS Market, Jail Road area. The vehicle owner, Shreepad Sadhwani, has lodged a complaint in this regard with the Nashik Road police.Free check-up for women: A free health check-up camp only for women has been organized by the Dr Vasantrao Pawar Medical College, Hospital and Research Centre, at Adgaon from March 10 to March 15, from 10am to 1pm. The check-up includes tests related to blood sugar, electrocardiogram, mammography, and PaP Smear, all of which will be conducted and inspected by experts from the field. Those willing to attend the camp need to submit their names to the hospital, or its centre at the Red Cross Society. They can also call up 9860541550 for registration.Gas cylinder stolen: A gas cylinder worth Rs 1,000 was stolen from Satyam Apartment, Vinay Nagar, recently. Mehboob Vajirkhan, in his complaint at the Indiranagar police station on Thursday, said the theft occurred around 9pm when the flat door was open.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12207660", "title": "Mallu Singh to release in May", "text": "Director Vysakh's next, Mallu Singh,will hit the screens on May 3. Vysakh and team are still in Punjab shooting for the same.Mallu Singhrevolves around the life in a street in Punjab called, Mallu Street. The cast includes, Unni Mukundan, Kunchacko Boban, Biju Menon, Manoj K Jayan, Samvrutha Sunil, Meera Nandhan and Manjari among others.Though Unni Mukundan is playing the title role, Vysakh makes it clear that this is a combination movie. \"More than a hero oriented film, this is a subject-centric movie,\" says the director.Vysakh, who gave two blockbusters - Pokkirirajaand Seniors, hopes to recreate the magic in Mallu Singhas well. It will also see the Seniorsteam Kunchacko Boban, Biju Menon and Manoj K Jayan coming back for yet another hit.Sethu has written the story and music is scored by M Jayachandran. Even before Mallu Singhis wrapped up, the director has found takers for it in Kollywood. Vysakh will direct the Tamil version as well. Though upbeat about the project, he refuses to share more details. The Tamil version of the movie will be tweaked a bit and will be set in Madhurai. The shoot is expected to start by next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12202840", "title": "Man held for kids' sexual abuse", "text": "GURGAON: Police arrested a 48-year-old man for allegedly sexually abusing three minor children, including a son of his neighbour in Bhondsi village. The accused on Thursday was produced in a city court which sent him to 14 days' judicial custody.The eldest among the three, a 14-year-old boy, told his father on Wednesday that his neighbour, Omprakash, had been sexually abusing him and his two sisters, aged 12 and 10 years, for the past four months. Omprakash had also threatened to kill them if they revealed their relationship to anyone. The father then lodged a complaint against Omprakash with the Bhondsi police.According to the police, the three are students of a government school in the village. The accused, who spent most of his time at home, used to call the children at his house one by one and sexually abused them. A medical examination of the three has been conducted. Police have lodged an FIR against the accused. \"We are probing the case keeping in view all the aspects,\" said Hamid Akhtar, DCP (South).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12204490", "title": "Cong, NCP join hands, speak of consensus on major projects", "text": "PUNE: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and the Congress have agreed for a post-election alliance in the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) and have decided to reach a consensus on major development projects - including the metro rail, the bus rapid transit system and the bio-diversity parks (BDPs). The two parties have had basic differences over the related project plans and implementation.Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee president Manikrao Thakre and city NCP and Congress leaders had detailed discussions before announcing the alliance on Friday.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and Pawar, who publicly locked horns during the election campaign and accused each other of creating hurdles in the execution of infrastructure projects, are now faced with a major challenge - to find a viable plan to refurbish the crumbling infrastructure. They have also told their local leaders to compromise on the stand taken during the poll campaign and work together.Despite the alliance, the Congress wants an elevated metro project as per the Delhi Metro Railway Corporation and has called the underground metro unaffordable. Pawar, on the other hand, is insisting that the city needs an underground metro.\"We will discuss all the issues and there will be no conflict. We have to reach a consensus on major issues like the metro rail,\" said Congress city unit chief Abhay Chhajed. NCP corporator and leader of the house in the PMC Subhash Jagtap said that all differences will be resolved with discussions.However, the Congress is firm on its stand that the state and the PMC have no mechanism to save hills from encroachments and hence 4% construction should be allowed on hill tops and hill slopes earmarked as BDPs. The NCP is opposed to any construction in BDPs. But Congress and NCP leaders on Friday said that a viable option will be worked out for the BDPs as well.\"We will have a common minimum programme. Both parties have their manifesto and we will reach a consensus on all major projects. Politics should not come in the way of development,\" said Arvind Shinde, Congress corporator and leader of the party in the PMC.Meanwhile, the discussion to share plum posts continued till late Friday night. In a power sharing formula, the NCP has insisted that it will keep the mayor's post for five years. In fact, Pawar, who was in Pune recently, had made it clear that the NCP will \"not compromise\" on this key post. The Congress leaders, on the other hand, are still demanding the post of mayor.The NCP emerged as the single largest party in the February 16 civic elections with 51 seats and needs support from Congress to reach the magic figure of 77 to prove a majority in the house. The Congress has 28 seats and its leaders had demanded equal share in power, staking claim to the posts of mayor and standing committee chairperson. The standing committee chairperson holds the keys to PMC's coffers and is, therefore, a much sought-after post.The Congress is likely to get the posts of deputy mayor for five years and standing committee chief for one year. Also, the NCP has offered the post of school board chairperson to the Congress, along with a membership to the child and women welfare committee as well as the city improvement committee - all for five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12205160", "title": "Usmani likely to take over as chief secretary", "text": "LUCKNOW: As the suspense over the new chief minister's name is almost over, 1978 batch IAS officer Jawed Usmani's is most likely to take over as the new chief secretary. A UP cadre officer, Usmani has been on Central deputation since 2004. He also served, for five months, as principal secretary in the chief minister's office during Mulayam's tenure in 2004. A product of IIM-Ahmedabad , Usmani is also armed with a degree of MSc, social policy and planning from London School of Economics. Since November 2010, he has been on sabbatical, and was based in New York.He was also affiliated to the Center for the Advanced Study of India (CASI) under the University of Pennsylvania as a visiting scholar, doing research on climate change and India from February 2011 to July 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12208306", "title": "Always feel connected with Kolkata audience: Shaan", "text": "Bollywood playback singer Shaan said a magical vibe keeps him connected whenever he performs in this City of Joy.After performing at the 'Shaan-e-Shaam' concert here last night, Shaan said, \"There is this 'special-something' which connects me to the audience here. The vibe and energy level seems electrifying whenever I perform here. And I feel it whenever I come to the stage during a performance.\"Looking elated after the show, which was also graced by sitarist Purbayan Chatterjee and renowned singer Raghab Chatterjee earlier, Shaan told PTI, \"It was a different ambience with different genres of music dished out from the podium by three different artistes - from classical and modern Bengali tracks to soulful Bollywood numbers.\"I respect every genre of music and am elated to be a part of the concert,\" Shaan said when asked about the musical medley, sponsored by Officer's Choice, where he was preceded by different schools of contemporary musicians.\"And we are all friends,\" said Shaan, who will bring a collaborative album with Purbayan fusing together classical strands and soulful popular numbers by the end of this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12204035", "title": "Selvaraj parts ways with CPM: Big gain for UDF, pain for LDF", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Drawing inspiration from Marxist fellow traveller and dissident intellectual M N Vijayan, R Selvaraj, CPM MLA representing Neyyattinkara, turned his \"resignation (into) a political activity\". Selvaraj's unexpected move on Friday caught the CPM entirely on the wrong foot and the party expelled him later in the day after a hurriedly convened district secretariat meeting. The formalities of Selvaraj's resignation were completed on Friday with the Speaker accepting it and the notification was issued by evening. With Selvaraj's resignation, the LDF tally in the Assembly was reduced to 67 against the UDF's 71.Cashing in on the crisis, the UDF took up the issue as a poll plank in the crucial byelection in Piravom. KPCC chief Ramesh Chennithala, campaigning in Piravom, ridiculed CPM's claims to protect the people of the state when it couldn't 'protect' its own MLA. On its part, the CPM alleged that the Selvaraj episode involved horse trading orchestrated directly by the chief minister.Selvaraj, a second-time MLA, has been a popular leader in Parassala and Neyyattinkara from where he was elected in 2006 and 2011.As a strong leader from the Nadar community which has considerable clout in the southern Kerala, Selvarj beat senior Congress leader Thampanoor Ravi by a margin of 6,702 votes in Neyyattinkara from where Ravi had been elected thrice. His down-to-earth manners and initiative in solving local issues earned him support cutting across party lines. But since the last election he had been at loggerheads with the CPM leadership.The district CPM leadership had accused Selvaraj of engineering the defeat of senior leader Anavoor Nagappan in Parassala. Several of Selvaraj's followers under the Parassala area committee of the CPM were either demoted or suspended from the party on charges of defeating Nagappan. However, Selvaraj was spared because the party couldn't afford to displease an MLA in a House where a thin margin separated the two fronts.\"The defeat of the LDF candidate in Parassala was caused by mistrust of voters and discontent among party workers. The party has been haunting me for that,\" Selvaraj told reporters after his resignation. He also levelled serious allegations against the CPM district and state leadership. \"The CPM district leadership is under the control of mafia gangs and power brokers,\" he said. \"With the last state conference, whatever little chance remained to salvage the party has been lost.\"Selvaraj's resignation has once again raised the question of CPM's attitude towards minorities. Selvaraj, who is a Nadar Christian, is the fifth minority leader who bid goodbye to the CPM. Since 2009, A P Abdullakutty, K S Manoj, Sindhu Joy and Manjalamkuzhy Ali broke their ties with the party. Dalit leader S Sivaran, ex-MP, also left the party in this period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12205818", "title": "Act on Zardari case, Pak SC tells PM again", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan SC has again ordered PM Yousaf Raza Gilani to write to the Swiss to reopen a graft case against president Asif Ali Zardari without seeking legal advice.The apex court directed Gilani to file his statement by March 19 or appear before it on March 21. \"If the PM does not submit a statement, arguments will commence on March 21. If he makes a statement , the final arguments will begin from March 21,\" Gilani's lawyer Aitzaz Ahsan said.The PM is facing contempt proceedings over his refusal to write to the Swiss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204365", "title": "UPA will finish its term: Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: NEW DELHI: The Congress on Friday accused regional parties of trying to destabilize the Centre, but lowered its pitch on the post-poll violence in UP in what seemed to betray its concern over talk of mid-term polls that has spiked after its dismal show at the hustings.Speculation about mid-term polls received a boost when Trinamool Congress's representative in the Union Cabinet , railway minister Dinesh Trivedi, called it a strong possibility since most state leaders appeared in its favour.Although Trivedi clarified that his remarks to a newspaper merely reflected his personal analysis, the Congress did not see the development as innocuous.Rather, they felt that Trivedi had merely vented the Trinamool feeling that it would boost its Lok Sabha tally if early elections were held.In his press meet, Trivedi said early polls would help his boss Mamata Banerjee and UP's Mulayam Singh Yadav since they had the momentum with them. Importantly, Trivedi is considered a moderate in the Trinamool on the issue of equations with the Congress.Although Congress steered clear of Trinamool leader Dinesh Trivedi's remarks of strong possibility of mid-term polls, the party charged regional leaders of forgetting their own espousal of federalism: a reference to non-Congress CMs: Nitish Kumar , Naveen Patnaik and now Akhilesh/Mulayam Singh Yadav who have been linked to speculation about a non-Congress/non-BJP political concert that would like to have early polls.AICC spokesman Manish Tewari also did not raise his pitch over the sporadic violence in UP even though they could be used to illustrate the party's pre-poll charge that SP supported goons.On the speculation that moves could be afoot to pull down the UPA government and force mid -term polls, he said: \"Those who in the past would point fingers at us for destabilizing the state governments need to introspect about their role. The states have their term and the Centre has its mandate of five years too.\" He asserted the Centre would complete its term. The attack on leaders associated with 'third front' politics followed the general view that Congress was vulnerable to allies like the Trinamool and rivals after a poor show in recent assembly polls. The budget session, starting March 12, could test Congress's hold over its coalition.While recent statements from CMs like Nitish Kumar, Naveen Patnaik, Narendra Modi are seen as attempts to wean away UPA partners, UP results appear to have aggravated the situation since the SP could prefer early polls to tap favourable sentiments in the state that sends 80 MPs to Lok Sabha. Tewari conceded the Congress show in the assembly polls was \"below expectations\", but added it would not impact the ruling coalition. \"The UPA is strong, stable and would complete its five-year term,\" he said. He refused to \"speculate\" on talks of a non-UPA, non-NDA front emerging.The 'safety first' sentiment was evident in AICC steering clear of strong statement on violence by SP workers after the party won in UP. Tewari avoided blaming the SP despite all-round attacks, led by BSP chief Mayawati , and spoke in general terms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12203563", "title": "Waiver of penalty for AP workers in Oman sought", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Migrant Rights Council (MRC), AP has written to the chief minister as well as to the external affairs minister and the minister of overseas Indian affairs requesting for their support in bringing back around 3,000 irregular workers from AP who are stranded in Oman.A team of social workers and trade union leaders along with representatives of MRC, AP had visited Oman last month and found that nearly 9,000 Indians were stuck there, 3000 among them being from AP. They were required to pay a penalty of around Rs 50,000 each in order to return to India. The MRC has requested the Union government to negotiate with the government of Oman to waive their penalties .M Bheem Reddy, vice- president, MRC, AP said, \"Apart from Rs 50,000 each, they also have to pay around 10 Omani Riyals (around Rs 1200) for each day that they have overstayed. This will bring the amount to over one lakh. None of them can afford to pay such an amount. We request the government to negotiate the matter with Oman's government and waive all their penalties in addition to arranging for their travel.\"Reddy revealed that of the 3000 people, around 2500 were men from Karimnagar, Nizamabad and Adilabad while the remaining 500 were women who were maids from East and West Godavari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12204287", "title": "Strict EC guidelines for college polls", "text": "KOLKATA: The chief electoral officer (CEO) will issue strict guidelines for students' union elections in the state. Amidst the buoyant mood at the electoral office (contented that the high court has \"reposed faith in the Election Commission's neutrality\"), officials said stringent rules in line of those followed during general elections will be adhered to even for college polls.The high court had earlier ordered that the chief electoral officer will conduct college elections till the West Bengal Council of Higher Education's seven-member committee submits a report based on which guidelines will be framed to govern college and university elections. The court order, however, had not reached the CEO's office till Friday.\"We should receive the order in the next couple of days. We will then seek the direction of the Election Commission of India. We work according to certain rules that govern us. The Election Commission will guide us on how we can go about taking this additional responsibility within our scheme of things,\" said CEO Sunil Gupta.Senior officials, meanwhile, said it will not be an easy task to take on this added responsibility. Unlike the general elections, those in educational institutions are loosely governed by Acts of universities to which they are affiliated. These rules are extremely porous and do not clearly provide for punishments that can be meted out to offenders. \"We need strict guidelines and model codes even for college elections so that the basic premise of what is right and what is wrong is set. Once this is done, it will be difficult to break them. If broken, offenders will be penalized,\" said a senior official.Officials at the CEO's office feel that stories of politicization of educational campuses have been rife and this naturally leads to violence. However, this is immensely \"controllable through proper rules that cannot be negotiated\". Incidences of student candidates being stopped from filing nominations by the more powerful party, or students being temporarily \"kidnapped\" to prevent them from voting and violence emanating from these cannot happen without the backing of college and university authorities in particular and the ruling party of the state in general, they feel.\"The dos and don'ts need to be clear and nothing should be left to subjective inference. We have been able to do that for the general elections. So we should be able to do that for polls in educational institutions as well by framing concrete rules. However, it is not enough to say this without having gone through the existing rules. We will have to study them and see if there are areas in which some tightening needs to be brought in,\" said the senior official. \"It is not just about conducting the elections but covering the tracks during the run up to them as well,\" he said.The High Court has directed the CEO to conduct college elections with the help of elaborate police support to be provided by the Director General of Police. \"This shows the level of concern of the High Court for precious student lives that have been destroyed over the years due to campus violence from elections. We are proud that we have been entrusted with this responsibility,\" the official added.eom", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12204717", "title": "Tony Rodrigues may be new Panaji mayor", "text": "PANAJI: Tony Rodrigues is likely to be elected as the new mayor of Panaji on March 20.He will replace outgoing mayor Yatin Parekh who recently lost the assembly election for the Panaji seat.Sources told TOI that Rodrigues was chosen at a meeting of councillors owing allegiance to Santa Cruz MLA-elect Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate.At the meeting held at his residence, Monserrate proposed the name of Rodrigues to the top post and sought the views of other councillors. \"Is everyone agreeable to the choice of Rodrigues for mayor's post?\" he asked, and there was no dissent.As for the post of deputy mayor, Monserrate said that he didn't favour any change.Rudresh Chodankar, who unsuccessfully contested from the Mayem constituency in the recent assembly election, is likely to continue at the post of deputy mayor, sources added.Monserrate's panel has 16 councillors in the 30-member council, while the opposition BJP panel has 12. The other two councillors are Surendra Furtado and his wife Ruth. Rodrigues' election may see opposition from the BJP-supported panel which is keen on getting its nominee elected to the mayor's post especially as Panaji MLA Manohar Parrikar is the chief minister.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12203436", "title": "Judge pulls up HDK government for release of prisoners in 2006", "text": "BANGALORE: The rule of law cannot be compromised on grounds of political expediency, the high court said on Friday that HD Kumaraswamy government's decision to release 285 life convicts on the occasion of Suvarna Karnataka (50th year of statehood) in August 2006 was bad.Justice N Kumar, while directing immediate arrest of Manjunath, a resident of Mandya whose release was challenged by the victim's family, said the governor and the government can take remedial steps regarding release of prisoners.\"A pardon by the President has been regarded not as a private act but as part of the constitutional scheme. This exercise of executive clemency is not a matter of privilege, it is a matter of official duty. It is not only for the convict's benefit but also for public welfare. Undue exercise of power is to be deplored. Rule of law cannot be compromised on grounds of political expediencies. The effect of such exercise on the victim's family and society as a whole hasto be kept in mind,\" the judge observed.Hearing adjourned on BSY pleasA division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramjit Sen has adjourned to March 29 hearing on two writ appeals filed by former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa.Uday Lalit, senior counsel representing the former CM, told the court that the single bench while dismissing the petitions did not deal with actual merits of the case.Sirajin Basha, the advocate who filed complaints against the former CM, sought time to file objections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12207115", "title": "HDMC to crack down on hotels violating norms", "text": "HUBLI: Hotels which are not following proper health and safety measures and operating under unhygienic conditions will henceforth face the music from the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation authorities.The HDMC has decided to crack down on hotels which do not maintain cleanliness. According to sources, there are about 300-400 hotels in the twin cities of Hubli-Dharwad and most of them do not adhere to cleanliness norms. Their kitchens are not clean and food is not prepared under hygienic conditions, thereby posing risk to public health.It is also found that cooks working in hotels often do not wear proper uniforms, aprons and caps while cooking. The corporation has formed a team of health officers and is conducting raids on hotels to inspect the conditions. Sources also said that even some star hotels are also not sticking to health norms.Speaking to TOI, K V Trilokchandra, commissioner, Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation said, \"We will take stern action against the hotels violating norms. We are really shocked to find many hotels still not adhering to public health and safety measures. Kitchens of many hotels are being maintained very badly . As per the rules, there has to be periodic health check up of cooks who are working in hotels. But, many hoteliers are not conducting health check-up of cooks regularly,\" he said. Apart from this, many hotels do not have proper fire safety measures including fire extinguishers and emergency exit. It was also found that many hotels are still using plastics below 40 microns, which is not allowed.\"We already conducted raids on a few hotels in Hubli and Dharwad and served notices to some hoteliers for not maintaining cleanliness and violating norms,\" the HDMC commissioner said.He said, all hotels have been asked to keep their kitchens clean and maintain cleanliness in their surroundings. Surprise raids will be conducted as and when required to inspect hotels. Licence of the hotels failing to stick to norms will be cancelled.He also appealed to the public to give information to the corporation by calling its control room about hotels violating norms and not maintaining cleanliness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12203216", "title": "Samajwadi Party hooligans bring back memories of 'goonda raj'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Barely two days after sweeping to power in UP, the Samajwadi Party was put on the defensive as reports of hooliganism, allegedly by party workers, poured in, posing a serious challenge for Akhilesh Yadav's leadership even before he had scripted his act.All through his campaign, Akhilesh had worked hard to erase the perception that the pre-Mayawati SP rule was synonymous with \" goonda raj\". But on Day One itself the 38-year-old leader faced the first crisis after journalists were attacked in Jhansi.This was followed by arson and mayhem over the next two days - including the torching of BSP minister's rice mill in Ambedkarnagar and the burning of huts of a BSP candidate's supporters in Sitapur - rekindling fears that voters had overcome to bring SP back to power.Mulayam Singh Yadav and Akhilesh swung into action but not before diverting the blame to officers loyal to Mayawati , who, Akhilesh claimed, were allowing the situation to spin out of control in order to shame the SP.\"It is not our government. Officials of the outgoing regime are still in place and they have failed to control the violence. We have asked the officials to set things right or get ready to face action,'' Akhilesh told reporters. \"But in any case, we will punish our party workers also if they are found guilty. Our party is fully committed to maintain law and order in the state,'' he added.Later, Mulayam also appealed to the party cadre to show humility and restraint in the face of victory. \"Nobody should be able to raise an accusing finger at you,\" he told party workers. There was a well-orchestrated move to malign the party, the SP chief claimed, but added emphatically: \"The place for any person who breaks the law is jail, even if it's a Samajwadi Party worker.\"Mulayam also called chief secretary Anoop Mishra and DGP Atul, who uses only one name, to his party office to assess the situation. Atul later told reporters: \"There is a growing concern about the incidents of violence in the state. We will be taking steps to mitigate the problems.\"At least half a dozen incidents of violence rocked the state within three days of SP's landslide victory. On the day of the results, a group of journalists was attacked and kept hostage in Jhansi allegedly by an SP candidate who lost. Akhilesh said the incident was \"unfortunate'' but added that it was the handiwork of some group that tried to tarnish the party's image.Then on Holi day, former BSP minister Ram Achal Rajbhar's rice mill was set on fire in Ambedkarnagar. A day later, Rajbhar's son Sanjay Rajbhar, who contested from Akbarpur seat, allegedly fired at some villagers who reportedly did not vote for him. There were also reports of huts of dalits being set on fire in Sitapur by people allegedly belonging to the Samajwadi Party.\"We will not allow this (the violence). Most of the 12 named accused in Sitapur have been arrested and the remaining will follow suit, soon. We are in touch with the officials. Those who fail to deliver will be handled accordingly,\" Akhilesh told reporters.Additional director general of police (ADG) law &amp; order and crime Subhesh Kumar Singh briefed the media about the police action initiated against the incidents that have taken place in the past 48 hours. About the Ambedkarnagar rice mill fire, he said: \"The station officer of the area has been suspended and the sub-divisional magistrate Vijay Bahadur has been transferred with immediate effect. Special teams are out to make arrests.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "sbs nagar", "code": "12206500", "title": "SBS Nagar plays it right together", "text": "SBS NAGAR: A thick blanket of radiant colours covered the entire Housefed Complex in SBS Nagar, as dozens of residents stepped out to celebrate the festival of colours with great fervour.And for these revellers, Holi was just not a day of fun and feast, but these residents truly embraced the spirit of the festival by spreading the message of unity in diversity. The festival touched a new high as people from different backgrounds and communities were witnessed enjoying the festival like one.There are 196 flats in the complex and around 160 residents had gathered for celebrations. Setting a great trend, the residents of this complex celebrate all festivals together most of the time, with no difference in cast, creed and religions when it comes to festivals. On Thursday, the residents played colours and and enjoyed lunch later.While describing the experience, a teacher Dolly Dutta, who is a Bengali, said, ''When people come together for celebrating a festival, different backgrounds do not matter.'' Meanwhile for Heena Kausar and Shadab Mohammed it was first Holi of their son Ahyaan and they were very excited about celebration. ''We have been living here for a year and celebrated many festivals but religion never cropped up,'' said Heena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12208351", "title": "Politically correct!", "text": "Actress Rakshitha Prem has taken the plunge into politics and on Friday, officially joined B Sriramulu's newly formed BSR Congress party.The girl, who acted with Vijay in Madhurey, says, \"I had been toying with the idea of entering politics for a while. Over the past two weeks, I gave it a serious thought and decided I'll take the plunge.\" She adds, \"I met Sriramulu and liked his ideology behind forming this party. He wants to work directly from the grassroot level. There are so many places in north Karnataka that are completely neglected, without basic amenities like water and electricity. These are the people we want to work for. After all, they are the reason why we exist. Agriculture is the means of our sustenance. We need to help them first. These areas are neglected.\"Rakshitha also reveals that it is the party's proactive nature that appealed to her. \"The party will not take part in debates, discussions and look for media attention. I have taken my first step and I'm looking for the support of people,\" the actress signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12208309", "title": "Urvashi goes to college", "text": "For Urvashi, this is probably the most exciting phase of her life, for she is going back to college!The yesteryear lead actress has signed director Mahadevan's Malayalam film My Dear Mummy, in which she will play the role of a mother who is joining college along with her daughter. The film is a humorous take on the problems faced by the mother and daughter when they become college mates. Sources say that Urvashi was thrilled after hearing the script and immediately took the offer. My Dear Mummy will begin shoot by April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12205159", "title": "Branded drugs: Doctor in spot for prescription", "text": "JAIPUR: A government doctor was suspended in Bikaner on Friday for allegedly prescribing branded medicine to the patients and also forcing the patients to purchase the medicines from drug shops outside the hospital.It is the first case in which a doctor was suspended by the medical health and family welfare department for prescribing branded medicine since the state government launched the chief minister free medicine scheme in the state on October 2 last year. After the launch, the state government had directed the government doctors to prescribe generic medicines only under the scheme.Principal secretary health B N Sharma said Dr P C Tanwar posted at Nokha government hospital has been suspended with immediate effect for prescribing branded medicines regularly to the patients.Sharma said the department had received many complaints earlier also against the doctor for forcing patients to buy medicines from outside the hospital by prescribing them branded medicines.After receiving the complaints, the Rajasthan Medical Services Corporation investigated the matter and sought complete information from Bikaner's chief medical health officer (CMHO), deputy CMHO and block chief medical officer.Sharma said in the initial investigation it was found that the accused doctor was prescribing branded medicines. Also, he was prescribing branded medicines in place of the generic medicines which were available at the hospital free of cost.As a result, the patients had to purchase the branded medicines from outside the hospital.The free medicine scheme was launched by chief minister Ashok Gehlot last year with an aim to provide free medicines to the patients. Under the scheme, drug distribution centres were opened at all government hospitals to dispense free generic medicines to the patients and the state government also directed its doctors to prescribe generic medicines only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12211880", "title": "SAD seeks early LS polls, says NDA best alternative to Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Riding on its success in Punjab where it created history by returning to power for a second consecutive term, NDA ally Shiromani Akali Dal (Badal) on Saturday favoured early Lok Sabha polls, saying the country had come to a standstill under Congress rule and people were fed up.SAD(B) President Sukhbir Singh Badal also said NDA was currently the best alternative to Congress at the Centre in case the country went for early general elections.\"I think there should be elections as soon as possible... all are so fed up... because not a single decision is being taken by the government of India. Cases, projects are pending for years. The main meetings are not taking place... How can the country come to a standstill. I personally feel that the country has come to a standstill under the Congres rule,\" Sukhbir told reporters here.When asked if SAD (B) was working towards a new alternative at the Centre with Trinamool Congress and Janta Dal (United), he said the NDA would provide the \"best alternative to the Congress at this moment\".\"At this moment, I think the BJP, the Akalis, the NDA is the best alternative for this nation. And I think this alternative whenever it was in government before, actually performed and gave positive results. All infrastructure, major projects were initiated during Vajpayee government. So I think the next alternative and the only alternative to Congress is the NDA,\" he said.Charging Congress with being responsible for \"corruption at such high scale\", Sukhbir said the party was being wiped out of the country as people were fed up with it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12210119", "title": "Jagathy Sreekumar injured in road accident", "text": "Noted Malayalam film actor Jagathy Sreekumar has been admitted to a private hospital here after he suffered serious injuries when the car he was travelling rammed into the median at Panambra onthe NH 17 in Malappuram district on Saturday morning.Doctors attending the actor said he underwent a surgery but his condition remained critical.He suffered multiple injuries on abdomen, neck, ribs and on legs. The front portion of the Innova car is completed damaged in the collision. Jagathy was on his way to Karnataka from Chalakkudy for a film shooting. Anil Kumar, the driver of the car also suffered injuries in the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12208024", "title": "Dairy farmers of Mandya in distress", "text": "MYSORE: Milk producers of Hebbadihundi in Mandya district have urged the government to intervene and solve their problem pertaining to the sale of milk. Siddamadaiah, a milk producer, on Thursday told reporters that their village doesn't have milk society and hence they are selling milk to Melapura Milk Society, which is nearly 8 km from their village.\"But for the past few months, the society is refusing to buy our milk, citing poor quality. This has put many of us in difficulty,\" he said. Siddamadaiah said they have requested the society office-bearers to visit their village and check the quality of milk produced, \"but none of them obliged\". He urged the government to bail them out as they produce nearly 300 litres of milk every day. Honnegowda, Srinivas and Eregowda were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12203138", "title": "\u2018Aspirin can be used to shrink some tumours\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Some New York-based researchers have said that Aspirin, one among the most prescribed medicines in the world, could help in fighting cancer. Aspirin is used to curb pain, headaches and prevent heart attacks and strokes.\"Aspirin is so important in cardiac care that patients who, for some reason, cannot tolerate it are advised against undergoing angioplasty,\" says senior Mumbai cardiologist Dr A B Mehta. Aspirin's cancer link has often been discussed. Dr Urmilla Thatte, who heads premier teaching KEM Hospital's pharmacology department, said, \"There have been several trials on aspirin's anti-cancer properties. It's not a new premise, but there have never been confirmed benefits.''In 2010, Oxford University scientists reviewed previous studies and deduced that patients who took 75mg of aspirin a day had 20% lower chances of being diagnosed and dying of cancer than those who didn't. Some doctors have for long believed that aspirin can prevent colon cancer.But the jury is still out on the cancer-aspirin link, said Thatte. Indeed, the team from City University of New York Medical School, too, has acknowledged that it remains to be seen if their animal test results can be translated in the case of humans. Professor Khosrow Kashfi, whose research was done along with India-born researchers Dr Ravinder Kodela (formerly from the Indian Institute of Chemical Technology in Hyderabad) and Dr Mitali Chattopadhyay (from Jadavpur University of Kolkata), however, said if it worked, the new aspirin could be used in conjunction with other drugs to shrink tumors before chemotherapy or surgery.The use of aspirin is not without side-effects, though-internal bleeding and stomach ulcers are the most worrisome complications. But the New York researchers claim that their NOSH-aspirin (nitric oxide and hydrogen sulphide) could resolve this problem as patients would need smaller dosages, preventing side-effects.Friday's reports said, \"They (researchers) used the aspirin as a scaffold to support two molecules that have been shown to increase the drug's safety and potency. One arm of the hybrid aspirin releases nitric oxide (NO), which helps protect the stomach lining. The other releases hydrogen sulfide (H2S), which enhances aspirin's cancer-fighting ability.''Though the researchers said the NOSH therapy was years from human testing, the medical fraternity is excited. Said Thatte, \"It is an amazing idea that the aspirin, a simple medicine that was derived from the bark of willow tree, should emerge as an anti-cancer agent. Such research should be promoted across the world, including our country.''The use of aspirin is not without side-effects, though: Internal bleeding and stomach ulcers are the most worrisome complications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "morena/bhopal", "code": "12203570", "title": "MP mafia kill IPS officer, injure another", "text": "MORENA/BHOPAL: A day after IPS officer Narendra Kumar was fatally mowed down by a tractor-trolley laden with illegally-mined stones in Morena, another IPS officer escaped death for trying to stop supporters of a BJP MLA from breaking the law selling liquor on Holi in Bhind district. Additional SP Jaidevan escaped with injuries.The state government has ordered a judicial probe into Kumar's killing. His pregnant wife Rani Teotia, IAS, joined in the last rites in his village.DIG (Chambal region) D P Gupta on Friday said Manoj Gurjar, the tractor driver, was arrested for mowing down IPS officer Narendra Kumar when the senior cop tried to stop him from ferrying illegally-mined stones in Morena. The officer said Gurjar claimed the stones he was carrying were for his personal use and not for sale.Just as the MP government refused to react to reports that Kumar's death was a targeted killing by the politically-protected mining mafia, the cops refused to disclose the source of the killer cargo and whether Gurjar had an employer. The cops maintained a probe was on. But the death of the 30-year-old officer, in the third year of service, cannot be de-inked from the backdrop of the powerful mining mafia entrenched in Morena's ravines. Assumptions were this was what drove Kumar, who was sub divisional officer - police (SDOP) of Morena, to the daredevil act that cost his life. The allegation was repeated by his grieving father, Keshav Dev, a sub-inspector in the UP Police.Villagers say the officer, accompanied by a gunman in his vehicle, chased the tractor for more than a kilometre in Banmor block on the Mumbai-Agra highway, before managing to clamber on to it. Kamal Singh Raje, a petrol station owner who saw the gruesome death, said the SDOP held on to the tractor and tried to drag down Gurjar, 25, from behind the tractor steering.He told TOI that the driver resisted and kicked the SDOP, who fell from the tractor.The driver then apparently stepped on the accelerator, jumping the tractor forward. Kumar was first crushed by the big-rear wheel and then the wheel of its trolley, carrying tones of stone, went over him.\"All the while, the tractor driver kept yelling: Mujhe roka toh maar doonga, aur mar jaaunga (if I am stopped I will kill you, and will kill myself),\" he said.\"I saw the SDOP's vehicle coming from the direction of Morena and the tractor going towards Morena, in the opposite direction,\" said Suresh Ram, a resident of Banmaor. \"The SDOP first brought his vehicle to the side of the highway and then started chasing the tractor after it failed to stop. But the tractor driver did not allow the police vehicle to overtake and block it,\" said Suresh Ram, a resident of Banmaor.Kumar was rushed to a Gwalior hospital, about 20 km away, where he was declared dead on arrival. The Banmor police have registered cases under IPC section 302 (murder) and 307 (attempt to murder) against the tractor driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12209992", "title": "Ravi Kissen, the daredevil!", "text": "Daredevil stunts are something that most of the B-Town dwellers shy away from, but not the cast of Jeena Hai Toh Thok Daal.The leading actors Ravi Kissen, Manish Vatsalya who is also the director and Rahul Kumar performed a spectacular act for the movie. The trio jumped from an eighty feet high railway track in Purnia, Bihar . The actors jumped without any safety belts or harnesses, with only mattresses on the ground as their safety measure.And if that was not enough, the awesome threesome went ahead and jumped the second time as well in order to give the perfect shot. Initially, Ravi Kissen was quite apprehensive whether he will be able to pull off a stunt of this level, but after the director Manish persuaded him and told him that it will be a piece of cake as there were proper arrangements made for them to land safely.It's a scene which has found its place in many iconic action movies in the past and it seems to be making a comeback. Interestingly, this one is an action scene which has to be performed before the train arrives on the track. Let's wait and see how this one turns out to be.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "12213865", "title": "RMC's anti-elephantiasis drive begins today", "text": "RAJKOT: The Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) is going to launch an anti-lymphatic filariasis (commonly known as elephantiasis) mass drug drive in the city from Sunday. Distribution of medicines will take place for five days from March 11, RMC officials said, adding that 1,300 RMC staff will reach out to 3.5 lakh households covering 13.72 lakh people during the drive.RMC's health department officials said that 32 cases of elephantiasis were reported in the past but there was no new case. This year, RMC collected 3,500 blood samples randomly from various parts of the city for filarial test but none were positive.Mayor Janak Kotak said RMC has been actively pursuing this matter for the past five years and aims at eradicating it completely by 2015 from the city.RMC health officials said lymphatic filariasis is a neglected tropical disease. Infection occurs when filarial parasites are transmitted to humans through mosquitoes. When a mosquito with infective stage larvae bites a person, the parasites are deposited on the person's skin from where they enter the body. The larvae then migrate to the lymphatic vessels where they develop into adult worms in the human lymphatic system.\"Lymphatic filariasis is caused by infection with nematodes (roundworms) of the family filariodidea. Adult worms lodge in the lymphatic system and disrupt the immune system. They live for 6-8 years and, during their lifetime, produce millions of microfilariae (small larvae) that circulate in the blood,'' said an RMC official.\"We will distribute tablets of albendazole to people in the city. Our staff members will ask the people to take the medicine in their presence to make sure that all of them have taken it as a preventive measure,'' said RMC officials.\"Infection is usually acquired in childhood, but the painful and profoundly disfiguring visible manifestations of the disease occur later in life. Whereas acute episodes of the disease cause temporary disability, lymphatic filariasis leads to permanent disability,'' they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12204069", "title": "Aluva, a hot spot for sand mining gang", "text": "KOCHI: Either you stand by us or remain silent. This is the message the sand mining mafia puts across to all police and revenue officials.In the last two years, 425 sand mining cases were registered in two important police circles - Aluva and Kalady - alone where illegal sand mining is rampant from the Periyar. In 2012, so far 45 cases have been registered, with the police deciding to further strengthen their operations against the mafia.Ernakulam rural SP K P Philip said that they had put a strong message across the mafia groups which were into mining sand from the Periyar. \"Whatever be the consequences, we will be tough against the mafia,\" he said. \"The local police personnel are afraid to stand against the mafia,\" senior police officials said.It is the huge money involved in sand mining that attracts the mafia to Aluva and nearby areas. Sand worth over Rs 1 crore is illegally mined from the Periyar at various spots in a day. Police officials said special squads had been formed to conduct patrolling to check the activities of the mining mafia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12206867", "title": "Prisoner hangs self in central jail", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A 25-year-old prisoner of Naini central jail hanged himself to death in the lavatory on jail premises. The deceased was identified as Bansi Lal, a resident of Rai Bareilly.Inspector, Naini police station, told TOI that the deceased was in jail since 2008 in connection with a rape case. He added that as none of the family members of Bansi had came to meet him in the last four months, he was very much depressed, and so could have taken the extreme step.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12203647", "title": "Advocates rally as cops keep guard", "text": "BANGALORE: The state lawyers' day-long meeting to show solidarity with their striking brethren from Bangalore passed off peacefully here on Friday.A 5,000-strong contingent of automatic gun-toting policemen drawn from Rapid Action Force, Central Reserve Police Force, Karnataka Reserve Police Force, City Armed Reserve and civil police turned the area around the City Civil Court complex into a garrison town.Though the Advocates Association of Bangalore (AAB) claimed that 10,000 lawyers had turned up for the meeting, police sources said the turnout did not cross 3,500. Sources also said that the participants dwindled to about 500 by evening.However, the rumoured protest march by advocates did not materialize. With only a week having elapsed since the March 2 violence involving lawyers, police and mediapersons, the police too were braced for any contingency. However, AAB had gone on record that no rally would be taken out.Prohibitory orders remained in force in eight police station limits to prevent any untoward incidents.Not wanting to provoke the agitated lawyers, police stayed at least 300 metres from the court complex. Media too kept away from the venue though AAB had not closed its doors on mediapersons.About 200 women were among the 700 CRPF personnel who had been rushed from Coimbatore for the bandobust. CRPF platoons will stay in the city for another day.But speeches made by lawyers' representatives were audible up to the Government Arts College Ground where the media had pitched camp. Speaker after speaker took exception to the police excesses against lawyers and the biased coverage of March 2 events by the media.Tension on the line of controlA dilapidated compound wall between Government Arts College Ground and City Civil Court complex virtually became the line of control between the agitating lawyers and police.An opening in the wall has created a passage for advocates commuting between the civil courts and Karnataka high court. But on Friday, huge police and media presence resulted in no lawyers taking that passage.The opening in the wall on the complex side leads into a passage way lined up with shops selling cigarettes. A few policemen who ventured into the passage to buy cigarettes had to return after their seniors pulled them up for entering the court premises.Lokayukta court shifted outThe Karnataka high court has issued a notification shifting the special Lokayukta court to Parappana Agrahara Central Prison premises, citing security reasons.This was one of the demands placed by Advocates' Association of Bangalore in the aftermath of the March 2 violence. AAB claimed that the cases tried by special Lokayukta court were high profile in nature and drew large number of mediapersons, creating all kinds of problems in the City Civil Court complex.Retired public prosecutor Panchaksharaiah has been appointed as special public prosecutor for the Lokayukta.We have state-wide support, claims AABAAB president KN Subba Reddy claimed that lawyers from across the state were upset that police personnel thrashed advocates, damaged their vehicles, vandalized City Civil Court premises and the association building and had to be punished for that.\"Everyone knows that police were brutal in attacking women advocates and those coming out of court halls. They did not even spare those who were inside the court halls, canteen and bathrooms,\" he said.Reddy said advocates claimed that lawyers who spoke earlier in the day at the meeting were very emotional and that the boycott should continue till AAB's demands are met. \"We have no other choice but to continue the agitation until our demands are met,\" he reiterated.CID probe beginsDGP-CID RK Dutta on Friday visited City Civil Court complex and took stock of the damages allegedly caused during the violence.He also spoke to injured advocates and collected their statements.\"Dutta has promised to submit his report within a week and we are waiting for the report and subsequent government action on it,\" AAB president K N Subba Reddy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12211648", "title": "Surgeon makes a mark in singing", "text": "PATNA: A Mumbai-based surgeon from Patna, Dr Manish Sinha, has carved a niche for himself in the singing world in Mumbai as World Wide Entertainment recently launched his fifth album, 'Love for ever', which is a mix of both ghazal and romantic songs. Earlier, T-Series had released his four albums.A surgeon by profession, Manish had penchant for singing since childhood. He learnt the nuances of classical singing from his mother, late Madhuri Sinha. Later, influenced by ghazal maestro Jagjit Singh, he switched to ghazal singing. He was personal surgeon of Naushad, a legend in Indian musical world. Naushad not only appreciated his singing but also taught him at times. He also appointed a guru, Maqbool Hussain Khan, a well-known classical singer, for Manish. After getting married to Dr Jaya, a gynaecologist and trained singer, he got a musical environ at home too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12213135", "title": "Private agencies under scanner over pollution-free certificates", "text": "GUWAHATI: Private pollution test agencies operating in Guwahati are under the scanner of the state transport department for issuing non-pollutant certificates to vehicles without physically testing the m.A top official of the transport department's enforcement wing said since the government signed an agreement with private agencies to issue such certificates, it has come to light that vehicles have been issued the same without going through the mandatory pollution test.The official said: \"Many vehicle-owners do not to want to bring in their vehicles to pollution-testing centres for various reasons. As these private agencies do not want to lose customers, they issue the pollution-free certificates without conducting tests. The district transport offices in the state do not have sufficient infrastructure to carry out pollution tests. It has become necessary for the transport department to keep a strict vigil on the functioning of these agencies.\"\"Most of the heavy vehicles get pollution-free certificates without going through tests. On many occasions, the enforcement officials identifies heavy vehicles polluting city roads, but can not act as do not have the authority and any device to cross check whether the vehicles are actually pollution-free\", the official added.In Guwahati, the pollution test centres charge Rs 115 to issue certificates to four-wheeler diesel cars and Rs 110 for three-wheelers and four-wheelers running on petrol which is valid for a period of six months. From motorcycles, Rs 85 is charged for issuing pollution certificates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12203417", "title": "Bypoll cash flow keeps cops on their toes", "text": "HYDERABAD: As the various political parties in the state pray for it to rain votes with the byelections round the corner, the poll-bound areas increasingly find themselves awash with cash, gold and silver.In Mahbubnagar district alone, police have seized Rs 2.5 crore through searches at the various check posts which have been put up with an eye on preventing exactly this sort of thing but, despite claims of tight security and continuous police vigil, the flow of cash and gold continues unabated.On Friday, two-and-a-half kilos of gold worth Rs 65 lakh was recovered from a bus at the Nellore-Kadapa check post and two persons were taken into police custody. The duo had no documents or papers for the cargo they were ferrying and, sources said, cops were verifying whether the consignment was meant for distribution among voters in Kovur. Voters in seven Assembly constituencies - six of them in the Telangana region-will exercise their franchise on March 18.Acting on a tip-off, Mahbubnagar police carried out raids at Devarakadra and recovered Rs 10 lakh. \"The money was meant for the district headquarters. The person driving the vehicle had no clear explanation as to why he was carrying the cash,\" a police official said.Sources said the amount was for distribution among voters in Mahbubnagar where TRS and TDP are going all out for a win. In another raid, Rs 17.29 lakh in cash was seized from two cars at Devarakadra. Cops apprehended two persons and found Rs 10 lakh on them at Nizamabad district's Kammarapalli. A couple of days back 30 kilos silver worth Rs 17.5 lakh was seized at Gannaram check post in Dichpalli. Police said the silver and cash were meant for 'use' in Kamareddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12213209", "title": "Centre okays road upgrade proposal", "text": "RANCHI: The Centre has agreed to upgrade around 319 km of state roads in Santhal Pargana into national highways.State road secretary N N Sinha said the government had submitted a proposal to the Centre for upgrading roads of Santhal Pargana into national highway. \"Our proposal has been accepted and the Centre will soon make notification,\" said Sinha.The state government will constitute a high-power committee headed by the chief secretary that will explore the possibilities of water conservation, rain water harvesting, use of solar energy in water purification and develop small irrigation projects based on local techniques. The decision to constitute the committee was taken after a meeting of chief minister Arjun Munda with Upmanyu Lal, a professor of Columbia University . State water resources secretary S K Satpathy and his counterpart from the drinking water and sanitation department Sudhir Prasad was also present. Lal is an expert in hydro climatology and director of the university's water centre. tnnSources in the chief minister's secretariat said the chief minister tried to know from Lal about the techniques that can be used for water purification by solar energy. \"He also discussed about the possibilities of use of water present in abandoned mines of the state,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12203612", "title": "Cases pile up as debt tribunal goes headless", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Debt Recovery Tribunal (DRT), a significant arm of the Union ministry of finance which deals with cases related to the nationalized banks, has almost been reduced to a defunct entity in the city thanks to the absence of a regular Presiding Officer (PO).Having had no permanent presiding officers for almost two years now, the DRT has more than 2,700 cases pending with it which were filed by either banks or their customers. It is estimated that at least Rs 1,000 crore in recoveries has been held up due to the delay in clearing these cases.The presiding officer is generally a judge of the rank of a district and sessions judge and is the sole judicial authority to hear and pass orders. But, after PO D Gopal Krishna was suspended in April 2010, his chair has yet to get a permanent occupant. The PO of Mumbai DRT-1, A Vijay Kumar, is the acting PO of the Hyderabad tribunal. Since the acting PO visits Hyderabad no more than a couple of times in a month, the tribunal functions only on those days.The tribunal deals with cases related to banks from the Rayalaseema and Telangana regions but has had only one recovery officer in the last four months instead of the stipulated two officers.But now, Ramu Itikyal, a social activist and para legal volunteer with AP State Legal Service Authority, is planning to submit a memorandum to the Union finance ministry drawing its attention to the current crisis of personnel.\"It is public money which is involved in these recovery cases. The tribunal should work efficiently to recover debt money as soon as possible,\" he said, adding that a permanent PO should be immediately appointed and other vacant posts be filled.He said that citizens who have approached the tribunal seeking more time for repayment of loans stand to be especially inconvenienced by the snail's pace of functioning.\"Case disposal rate is very slow. A citizen who has approached the tribunal for more time to repay the loan faces a long wait in getting the order. Interest, however, would be charged on his loan for that duration. And, if the decision goes against him, he has to pay an extra sum, too, which is very unfair.\"TV Bhaskar, RTI activist and director of the SIRI voluntary organization, has even filed an RTI appeal seeking complete details of the cases and orders heard in the recent past. \"The cases should be disposed of within a month; then only can proper justice be said to have been done. But here it takes a long time for cases to even be heard,\" Bhaskar said.Bhaskar also spoke of malpractices in the matter of loan settlements effected by the tribunal.\"There are increasing cases of partial recovery of huge loans. That is due to some corrupt bank officials who are hand in glove with some customers who do not want to repay the complete loan amount.\"A senior official, however, clarified that the tribunal was functioning smoothly.\"The last permanent PO is still under suspension; unless he is removed another cannot be appointed in his place. The acting PO from Mumbai DRT-1 tries to clear as many cases as possible whenever he is here,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12205008", "title": "HC declines CBI probe into dalit boy's death", "text": "MADURAI: Declining to order a CBI probe into the murder of a dalit boy, the Madurai bench of the Madras high court, on Friday directed the state police to expedite investigation relating to the killing of Palanikumar, which occurred prior to the death anniversary of dalit leader Immanuel Sekaran, and file the final report expeditiously.Disposing the petition filed by Thangavel, the father of Palanikumar, the bench comprising Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar and Justice P Devadass said, \"Unless it is established in a given case that the local police is not conducting investigation in a proper manner, probe cannot be transferred merely on the request made by the complainant.\"According to Thangavel, his son Palanikumar was residing in Pallapaacheri, near Kamudhi where about 600 dalit families are living along with other caste Hindus.The dalit people from M Pallapacheri village have to cross the Mandalamanickam main street to reach their village as the said street is the only option available to them.The petitioner alleged that there used to be friction between the dalits and the Maravar community, which was the majority in Mandalamanickam main street.Several times the dalits were humiliated and they approached the district collector and SP to provide an alternative pathway to their village. Since no action was taken, the Pallapacheri village people boycotted the recent local body elections.On September 9, 2011, Palanikumar was murdered by some persons allegedly belonging to the Maravar community while he was returning home after watching a play, which was performed in a nearby village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12208484", "title": "BJP may get 4 cabinet berths in Punjab, no deputy CM", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chuni Lal Bhagat was elected BJP's legislature party chief at a meeting of the newly-elected 12 MLAs which was held in Chandigarh on Friday and chaired by party president Ashwani Sharma.Leader of Oppposition in Rajya Sabha, Arun Jaitley , and national general secretary (organisation) Ram Lal were also present as central observers.One of the most senior members of the Punjab assembly, 80-year-old Bhagat, who has studied upto 10th class, represents Jalandhar (West) constituency, and has also held the office of the deputy speaker of the vidhan sabha.Bhagat's name was proposed by senior party leader Madan Mohan Mittal and seconded by MLAs Manoranjan Kalia and Surjit Jayani.Besides the 12 newly-elected MLAs, the meeting was also attended by Punjab incharge of BJP affairs Shanta Kumar.BJP leaders denied having discussed again staking claim to the post of deputy chief minister or the issue of number of party legislators who should get the cabinet berths.BJP's meeting coincided with Shiromani Akali Dal's meeting in Chandigarh in which chief minister Prakash Singh Badal was elected SAD's legislature party leader ending all speculation on the next CM.BJP insiders said that the party's bosses did not seem to be quite enthusiastic in pushing the claim for deputy CM at present.During the last SAD-BJP five-year term the issue of the deputy CM had become a bone of contention between the two parties with Sukhbir Badal eventually becoming the second man in the government.BJP sources said that the party was also hopeful of getting at least 4 ministerial berths this time and the seat-sharing talks between the SAD and BJP are on.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12204001", "title": "Cycling their way to joy", "text": "KOCHI: The Sacred Heart (SH) College has pedalled their way to a greener tomorrow. On Friday, the college celebrated their own 'Cycle Day' in which the members of the college's Nature Club came cycling to the campus.One of the Nature Club students, Muhammed Jinshad had cycled all the way from his house in Kakkanad to the college in Thevara covering 13km to spread the message. \"It feels great. Thanks to our principal Fr Prashanth Palackappillil, who is a great inspiration,\" said the final year Economics student.\"The good aspects are many, including better health, the mode of transport being eco-friendly,\" observed Thomas J Peechat, professor at the college.Rising oil prices, vehicular pollution and the scarcity of parking area in the campus had prompted the Nature Club members to plan their first 'Cycle Day'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12205546", "title": "Bhagat elected BJP legislature party chief", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chunni Lal Bhagat was elected BJP's legislature party chief at a meeting of the party's newly-elected 12 MLAs in Chandigarh on Friday. Leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha, Arun Jaitley , and national general secretary (organisation) Ram Lal were also present in the meeting, chaired by party president Ashwani Sharma, as central observers. A senior member of Punjab assembly, Bhagat, 80, who has studied up to class 10th, represents Jalandhar (west) constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi/dehradun", "code": "12213044", "title": "Congress struggles to find chief minister in Uttarakhand", "text": "NEW DELHI/DEHRADUN: Amid intense pulls and pressures, the Congress high command tonight struggled to choose the next chief minister of Uttarakhand amid indications the leader would be an MLA, ruling out the possibility of MPs inluding Union minister Harish Rawat.The party's central observers Ghulam Nabi Azad and Chauhdary Birender Singh, who elicited the views of the party's 32 legislators as also 2 independent MLAs in Dehradun on the leadership issue, submitted their report to party chief Sonia Gandhi this evening.Leader of the opposition Harak Singh Rawat, PCC chief Yashpal Arya and Indira Hirdesh (all MLAs) are among the top contenders for the CM's post.Sources said over a dozen MLAs supporting Harish Rawat for the top job have arrived in the national capital to express their solidarity with him. Party MP Vijaya Bahuguna's name was also doing the round earlier.What has complicated Congress' task of choosing the CLP leader is conflicting choices of the three independents whose support is crucial for the party's formation of the government.In the 70-member House , Congress emerged as the single largest party with 32 MLAs - four short of majority--and it needs support of three Independents and one MLA from Uttarakhand Kranti Dal (P) to reach the magic figure of 36.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12203295", "title": "NCP chief begins work for 2014 polls", "text": "MUMBAI: NCP chief and agriculture minister Sharad Pawar on Friday began an exercise to assess his party's preparedness for the 2014 Lok Sabha and assembly polls.Though Pawar had planned a day-long programme to interact with all district presidents, legislators and MPs of his party, he had to abandon his plan mid-way following summons from the prime minister's office for a crucial meeting. \"Pawar was to interact with prominent leaders. But since he was urgently called by the PMO, he abandoned the exercise and rushed to the national capital,'' a senior NCP leader told TOI.The NCP leader said in the morning, Pawar met senior leaders from the entire Konkan region. After he left for New Delhi, his nephew and deputy CM Ajit Pawar took stock of the situation in the wake of the civic and panchayati raj organization polls. Apparently, the deputy CM sought to know from activists the reasons for the party's poor performance in certain pockets. He wanted to know if there was error in selection of candidates, lack of coordination or the party lost due to internal disputes.The NCP leader said, Pawar's review was aimed at finding out the shortcomings in the just-concluded polls and steps to be taken for improving its performance in the 2014 polls. \"From the outcome of the civic polls, it appears that dalits and the minority communities, particularly Muslims, have distanced themselves from the Congress-NCP. For the 2014 polls, we we will have to take corrective steps, otherwise, the saffron combine will wrest power from us,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12205397", "title": "India may cite \u2018Lotus case\u2019 in talks with Italy", "text": "LONDON: Reports from Rome indicate the Indian government in its diplomatic dialogue with Italy may cite - if it hasn't done so already - the \"Lotus case\" as grounds for India being the jurisdiction in the case of Italian marines , now in detention, killing two Indian sailors off the Kerala coast.In 1927, the Lotus case came up for hearing at the Permanent Court of International Justice (PCIJ), the judicial arm of the League of Nations, predecessor to the UN. This concerned a collision on the high seas in 1926 between a French ship SS Lotus and a Turkish boat known as SS Boz-Kourt .The Turkish steamer was dismembered by the French steamship and eight Turkish nationals drowned to their deaths. France claimed jurisdiction over the matter. The PCIJ, however decreed that jurisdiction was where the deaths had occurred - Turkey.The Lotus principle, generally recognized as a foundation of international law on the subject, was overruled by 1958 Geneva Convention on High Seas.The 1982 convention on the same matter in connection with penal jurisdiction stated: \"In the event of a collision or any other incident of navigation concerning a ship on the high seas, involving the penal or disciplinary responsibility of the master or of any other person in the service of the ship, no penal or disciplinary proceedings may be instituted against such person except before the judicial or administrative authorities either of the flag State or of the State of which such person is a national (either way \"State\" would be interpreted as Italy).\"If, on the other hand, it is established that the killings took place in Indian waters, then the jurisdiction would undoubtedly be India. Revelation about the Lotus case emerged in the wake of an aggressive and undiplomatic posting on the Italian PM Mario Monti's offcial website with respect to his phone conversation with the Indian PM on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12203591", "title": "Women gear up for 5K run tomorrow", "text": "HYDERABAD: Come Sunday and nearly a thousand women will participate in a special women's 5K run to mark International Women's Day, which was on March 8. The Go! 5K Women's Run with the slogan 'My health-My concern' is being organised by a city-based NGO which works in the area of women's health and fitness.Uma Chigurupati, chairman of Hyderabad 10K Run Foundation, the organisers for the event, said: \"The run is all about bringing women from diverse age groups and different walks of life together to raise awareness about health issues. From teenagers to those in their sixties, women face many health problems like Vitamin D deficiency and osteoporosis. We want to encourage women in the city to take up walking or running to improve their health and fitness.\" A marathoner herself with an entry in Guinness World Records, Chigurupati revealed that the cause was very close to her heart. \"Usually, the woman in the family takes care of everyone but herself. This is a chance for her to take a break and think about her health,\" she said.Almost 1,000 women have already registered for the event. The run has two optional courses, a 5K run and another 2K run both of which will be flagged off at 6.15 am at People's Plaza on Necklace Road.The event is being described as a 'run/walk' to encourage women to participate even if they are not used to running long distances. The event will also include talks on women's health issues which are to be given by noted doctors from the city along with a cultural programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi/lucknow", "code": "12209787", "title": "Cong, BJP, others congratulate Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "NEW DELHI/LUCKNOW: Congress and BJP on Saturday welcomed Akhilesh Yadav's elevation to the chief minister's post in Uttar Pradesh and hoped that he will fulfill his poll commitments and \"learn a lesson from the past\".\"I congratulate Akhilesh Yadav as new Chief Minister of UP. He has got the mandate to be the Chief Minister and I hope whatever commitment he has made and his party has made will be implemented and he will learn a lesson from the past,\" Congress spokesperson Rashid Alvi said in Delhi.Alvi's remarks about \"learning a lesson from the past\" was in apparent reference to the SP rule in UP during its last tenure which was dubbed by detractors as \"goonda raj\".Since the election results came out in March 6, there have been some incidents of violence in UP allegedly involving SP supporters.SP chief and Akhilesh's father Mulayam Singh Yadav had yesterday said, \"Law and order situation will be improved. If anyone is found indulging in goondaism, even if he is a SP worker, he will be punished severely.\"Congratulating Akhilesh, UP Congress legislature party leader Pramod Tewari said he hoped the young CM would get the right advice from his supporters to develop the state.\"He (Akhilesh) is inexperienced...we hope he would get the right advice from his supporters to face the challenges,\" he said in Lucknow.The BJP also congratulated Akhilesh and hoped that he would fulfill his poll promises. \"BJP hopes that Akhilesh would give a better administration and deal firmly with the problems such as corruption and live up to the expectations of the people who have given SP the mandate,\" party spokesman Vijay Pathak said in Lucknow.Meanwhile, Leader of the Opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley said since UP now has a young chief minister he should introduce a new political culture in the state.\"The political culture in the state should be that not merely caste polarisations should bring votes but it must be good governance and development which bring votes,\" the BJP leader said.A young man can leave good footprints behind only when UP change its current political style and culture, he said.JD(U) leader and Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar also wished Akhilesh on his new appointment and said, \"I hope he will try his best to live up to the confidence that the people of the state have expressed in him.\"NC leader and Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah also congratulated Akhilesh.\"Yey, I'm no longer going to be the youngest Chief Minister in the country. Congratulations Akhilesh &amp; all the best for the next 5 years,\" he wrote in twitter.Congratulating the new UP CM, Union Minister Sri Prakash Jaiswal said, \"If they (SP) have chosen Akhilesh, it is good. A youth will be given responsibility of chief ministership. We pray for his well-being. My wish is that he will solve the problems of the state and bring it out of the jungle raj.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12204403", "title": "Rash driving case: John Abraham held, gets bail", "text": "MUMBAI: Friday proved to be a day of indelible ups and downs for Bollywood actor John Abraham.In the afternoon, a sessions court upheld a lower court order that declared him guilty of rash driving in an April 2006 case and sentenced him to 15 days' simple imprisonment. The actor was taken into police custody and, hours later, got relief from the Bombay high court, which granted him bail. The day began on a sobering note for Abraham.Dressed in blue denims and a checked shirt, he looked on pensively as sessions court Judge N V Nhavkar upheld a 2010 lower court order in the afternoon, saying, \"No interference is required in the findings of the magistrate's court.\"Abraham's lawyer Harshad Ponda sought a lesser quantum of sentence since \"the complainant too had no objection\". The judge did not grant it though. Abraham's lawyers thereupon moved an application seeking a stay on the order. But since the court was a court of appeal in the matter and did not have provisions to give a stay, his lawyers had to move the Bombay HC.\"The judgment is not ready. Considering the nature of the injuries sustained (by the victims) and the fact that the applicant has been out on bail all throughout, the sentence is suspended,\" said Justice Chavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12210848", "title": "America will thrive again, says Obama", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama has said he did not run for \"this office\" to get back to where America was and asserted that the country will \"thrive again\", leaving behind an economy which is \"built to last\". \"I did not run for this office just to get back to where we were. I ran for this office to get us to where we need to be. And I promise you we will get there,\" Obama said yesterday at the Rolls-Royce Crosspointe in Petersburg, Virginia. Obama is seeking re-election in the November presidential elections.\"Some of these challenges may take a year; some may take one term; some may take a decade. But we're going to get there because when we work together, we know what we're capable of. We've got the tools. We've got the know-how. We've got the toughness to overcome any obstacle.\"And when we come together and combine our creativity and our optimism and our willingness to work hard, and if we're harnessing our brainpower and our manpower, our horsepower, I promise you we will thrive again, we will get to where we need to go, and we will leave behind an economy that is built to last. We will make this another American century,\" said the US President.Observing that for generations of Americans, manufacturing has been the ticket for the middle class, Obama said that was why one of the first decisions he made as president was to stand by manufacturing, to stand by the American auto industry when it was on the brink of collapse.\"The heartbeat of American manufacturing was at stake, and so were more than a million jobs. And today the American auto industry is coming back, and GM is number one in the world again, and Ford is investing billions in American plants and factories. And together, over the past two and a half years, the entire auto industry has added more than 200,000 jobs,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12207431", "title": "Naseeruddin Shah shoots in Pakistan", "text": "Actor Naseeruddin Shah was recently in Pakistan to shoot for a film by debutant Indo-Pak director couple Minoo Gauhar and Mazhar Zaidi. While Naseer tried to keep it a hush-hush visit, he was followed by chants of 'Ooh la la' wherever he went. \"That sound follows me everywhere. It's a curse, I tell you,\" he laughed.Naseer plays a despicably negative character in the film which is about illegal immigrants. \"I was very moved by the script and Minoo and Mazhar's sincerity,\" the actor said. He is really kicked about the fact that apart from being an Indian acting in a Pakistani film, the film itself is being made by Minoo, a Hindu from Meerut and her husband Mazhar, a Muslim from Pakistan.This isn't Naseer's first Pakistani film either. He played a pivotal role in Shoaib Mansoor's highly lauded film Khuda Ke Liye and was to be part of the director's next, Bol. Unfortunately, he could not do it, a fact he regrets.Meanwhile, Naseer will return to Pakistan on the 17th of this month to continue shooting. This would be his fifth visit beyond borders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12204500", "title": "Road blockade in Chandrapur for fund allocation", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Prahar organization has given a Chandrapur bandh call on March 12 to press the demand for allocation of medical college and cancellation of load shedding. The organization will also stage road blockade on Saturday demanding immediate allocation of Rs 25 crore, the first instalment for development works, under penta-centenary celebration of Chandrapur.District president Pradeep Deshmukh said that forwarding of proposal seeking medical college for Chandrapur before budget assembly session is necessary. \"The government is going to make budgetary provision for four medical colleges, including one 'hijacked' to Satara from Chandrapur. If the government forwards a proposal seeking medical college for Chandrapur immediately, then it can also make monitory provisions for the medical college here in this budget. The bandh call is given to pressure the government to forward the proposal before the budget session,\" he said in a press conference.He criticized deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar for betraying Chandrapur over load shedding issue. \"Pawar had assured to stop load shedding in Chandrapur over a year back. While Pune had been spared, but most polluted and highest electricity generating Chandrapur district is still reeling under the curse of load shedding,\" he lamented. He urged guardian minister Sanjay Deotale to push these issues in cabinet meeting and bring positive decisions in favour of his district. While urging the common people and traders to cooperate in the bandh, Deshmukh maintained that schools and colleges would be spared from bandh as yearly exams are underway in almost all education institutes.The organization will also stage road blockade on Saturday for allocation of Rs 25 crore meant for development of Chandrapur. The government has announced Rs 250 crore for development of Chandrapur under penta-centenary celebration. However, the first instalment of Rs 25 crore of the amount has not been issued even as the fiscal year is going to end after some days. Chandrapur Municipal Corporation is going for civic elections in April and its code of conduct could come into to force any time. Hence it is necessary that government must allocate funds, Deshmukh stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12204866", "title": "Made-to-order organs to beat donor shortage", "text": "Patients might one day be able to grow their own organs to replace diseased or damaged body parts - offering a potential solution to the global donor shortage crisis - one of the world's leading transplant surgeons said on Friday. Professor Paolo Macchiarini, who pioneered the first transplant of a whole organ grown from a patient's own cells four years ago, said the technology of regenerative medicine had advanced to the point where it was possible to contemplate transplants with no human donors, no problems of rejection and no need for lifelong treatment with immuno-suppressive drugs.The new technique involves the creation of an artificial \"scaffold\" - which could in future be made from animal organs that have been stripped of their living cells - into which the patients own stem cells are inserted . The cells then grow to create a fully functioning organ ready for transplant.\"Such an approach has already been used successfully for the repair and reconstruction of complex tissues such as the trachea , oesophagus, and skeletal muscle in animal models and human beings,\" Macchiarini said. \"Guided by appropriate scientific and ethical oversight, (this) could serve as a platform for the engineering of whole organs and other tissues, and might become a viable and practical future therapeutic approach to meet the demand,\" he added.--THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12204618", "title": "Two bison rescued from dry well, unhurt", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Forest officers of Morharli (territorial) range successfully rescued two giant bison trapped in a farm well near Padmapur village, on Friday. Rescue operations lasted for more than six hours, after which the two beasts were dragged out, with the help of crane and released back into the jungle.The incident came to fore in the morning, after the farm owner, Ramdas Thakre saw two bison trapped in the dry well in his farm. He immediately notified the local forester, who in turn summoned his senior officers to the spot. \"The farm is located on the outskirts of the jungle under compartment no 183. The well was around 12 feet deep but had no parapet wall. It is likely that the bison duo might have been fighting with each other and accidentally fell into the well at night. Both the beast however were unhurt as the well had no water and its bottom was muddy,\" said RFO, Moharli, RN Rautkar talking to TOI.The rescue operations began under supervision of ACB RT Dhabekar at around 12 noon. The RFOs from Mul, Chichpally and Shivni ranges and activists of wildlife organization Eco-Pro were also summoned to assist in the rescue work. \"Both were full grown bison and it was impossible to pull them out of well, directly. Hence we first decided build inclined ramps to make way for the trapped bison's'. A JCB machine was summoned to the spot and two inclined ramps were dug one either side of the well,\" he said. Once the ramps were made, NGO activist daringly descended into the well hiding in the bucket of JCB and put rope noose in the horns of the best. The ropes were then tied to a crane and pulled with force to bring them to the level of ramp.Both the bison were rescued out of the well in similar fashion one after other. A small mob of people had gathered on the spot to watch foresters rescuing the beasts. Both the bison fled into the jungle immediately after being rescued from the well. \"They both were unhurt and sound in health. Hence, officers decided them to free back into the jungle immediately,\" said Rautkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "godia", "code": "12204454", "title": "Another Neelgai carcass found near Navegaon", "text": "GODIA: After poaching of a Neelgai near Tilli Mohgaon village on Sunday, a carcass of another Neelgai was found in the forest near Khoba of Kokna (Malguijari) circle close to Navegaon National Park under mysterious circumstances.Khoba villagers saw the carcass lying in the forest and reported the matter to the forest department. Assistant RFO RM Khan, Mangesh Patil and beat guard Tandekar visited the spot. After the panchnama, the carcass to was sent to Chikhali for postmortem.Commenting on Neelgai deaths, Nisarga Mandal activist Mukund Dhurve said that these killings close to the national park border are due to shrinking areas of forest reserves and increasing encroachments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12202966", "title": "Babus on fast track to open Dalit Park", "text": "NOIDA: Amidst speculations on the fate of Mayawati's 'dream projects', the Noida Authority has decided to fast track opening of the Dalit Prerna Sthal to the public. Senior Authority officials have scheduled a meeting with the UP Rajkiya Nirman Nigam, the agency co-responsible for the maintenance of the park, next week to decide on the date of opening.While Authority CEO Capt S K Dwivedi remained tight-lipped, sources informed that the authorities have decided to \"do away with the erstwhile proposal to charge an entry fee to the park.\"\"The STF especially constituted to guard the park might be disbanded, but once the new government takes over we will arrange for alternate security arrangement to prevent vandalism,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12203379", "title": "Who owns Cyprus Co Fairbridge Holdings?", "text": "HYDERABAD: More murky dealings in l'affaire Emaar became public after the CBI released the chargesheet in the case. As per this chargesheet, Dubai-based Emaar Properties chairman Mohamed Alabbar allegedly conspired with IAS officer L V Subramanyam to induct a third partner in a clandestine manner into the Emaar Hill Township Project and the other joint ventures that were coming up in the Manikonda area.Emaar Properties represented by chairman Alabbar is accused No 2 in the Emaar scam being probed by the CBI. L V Subramanyam, who is accused No 10 in the case, was vice chairman and MD of AP Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC), the state government agency which entered into the joint venture with the Dubai-based company.According to page 42 of the 157-page CBI chargesheet filed in the Emaar scam, Mohamed Alabbar sent a letter to L V Subramanyam on May 2, 2005, in which he proposed that M/s Fairbridge Holdings, Ltd, a Cyprus-based company, be made a shareholder in Emaar Holdings, Mauritius , such that the ownership of Emaar Properties in its Maurutius subsidiary would be reduced from 100% to 54.05% with Fairbridge holding 45.95%.If this had happened, the net ownership of Emaar Properties in the Hyderabad integrated projects would have come down to 40% with Fairbridge holding 34% and APIIC 26%. The chargesheet stated that the Emaar chairman in his letter to the APIIC MD said Fairbridge was a private concern and an associate of MGF Group in their joint venture partnerships in India.L V Subramanyam received the letter from Alabbar by fax on May 9, 2005. \"We can request for credentials as deemed necessary for the purpose. So also to see how the new entity will bind itself to project commitments,\" was what he noted on the letter, the chargesheet says. In contrast, K V Rao, then principal secretary, industries and commerce, opposed the entry of Fairbridge as a partner.\"Till the project is fully implemented, it may not be correct to change the equity structure,\" is what Rao noted in his copy of Alabbar's letter that he received by post on May 13, 2005 and forwarded the same to Subramanyam. Incidentally, KV Rao is accused No 11 in the Emaar case.According to the chargesheet, the issue of Fairbridge Holdings was discussed at a review meeting chaired by Subramanyam on May 13, 2005, and it was decided that the existing arrangements would remain till the project is completed.\"However, L V Subramanyam, in violation of the instructions of the principal secretary and the decision taken at the review meeting on May 13, 2005, addressed a letter dated May 13, 2005, to Emaar Properties, Dubai , seeking the detailed information about Fairbridge Holdings Ltd, Cyprus , to process their request for bringing in Fairbridge Holdings as a partner for strategic resource,\" says the chargesheet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12208009", "title": "Rail passengers can plan travel well in advance", "text": "MYSORE: To help passengers plan their journey four months in advance, the railways has decided to increase the advance reservation period from 90 days to 120 days from Saturday. Anup Dayanand Sadhu, senior divisional commercial manager of Mysore division, South Western Railway, said passengers can book tickets 120 days before journey. From April 1 this year, the railways will extend the existing Tatkal scheme in all Duronto express trains.There are two Duronto express trains from Bangalore -- Bangalore to Nizzamuddin and Bangalore to Guwahati. Passengers need to produce any one of the nine identity cards: voter ID card issued by Election Commission , passport, PAN card, driving licence, photo ID issued by central/ state government, student ID card issued by their institution, nationalized bank passbook with photograph, credit cards issued by banks with laminated photograph and UID 'Aadhaar'. This apart, passengers travelling in AC I, II, III and chair cars should produce IDs when the ticket examiner demands, otherwise they will be fined.According the system, Shatabdhi counters should be closed 10 minutes prior to the departure of the train. But the authorities at the Mysore division managed five minutes of relaxation. Accordingly, passengers can get tickets five minutes prior to departure of the train from mid-April. The board took this decision as the counter and the train are located on platform No. 1.Flash SMS, board train. Railway passengers need not carry a print-out of their e-ticket anymore. They can travel by showing the SMS message of the ticket on their cellphone or its screenshot on laptop/ iPad along with original ID proof to be shown to ticket examiners. Earlier, the passengers were fined when they failed to produce the e-ticket printout. The passengers, if put into any difficulty by the railway authorities or co-passengers, can lodge a complaint by writing to adrmmysore@swr.railnet.gov.in or cpgrams.nic.in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12203686", "title": "Five more arrested for trader's abduction in Naranpura", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Habibulla Saiyad, 43, a resident of Sajjan Jamadar Mohalla, Halim ni Khadki, who was abducted on Tuesday morning from near Sardar Patel Stadium, was found near Bavla on Wednesday. He had been thrashed by his abductors before being abandoned. As per his statement, he was abducted when he decided to hand over a cache of gold to police. However, H B Jamod, inspector of Naranpura police station said, \"Saiyad was found playing a religious role in the community. He had taken money from many villages in Ahmedabad and told them that the holy goods put in a chest would turn into gold and they would be rich. This time, it was at Rupal village near Bavla.\" When the villagers however got to know about other cases, they got enraged and brought Saiyad to open the chest himselfWhen the When Saiyad opened the chest, what all it contained was dirt and garbage.Villagers discovered the truth, they were enraged and beat him up. Five more were arrested While Usman Ghanchi, a resident of Bavla has been arrested earlier, police arrested Mohammed Karim Ghanchi, Usman Vohra, Ghani Mohammed Pathan, Sultan Ishak Ghanchi and Imran Ghanchi, residents of Rupal, Bavla and Sarkhej, on Thursday for his abduction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12196984", "title": "Ranbir Kapoor sets a record", "text": "Ranbir Kapoor recently shot for a short film that has entered the record books for using 100 cars in a four-minute film.There were a lot of young girls on the sets who were part of the film. One of them gifted Ranbir a windchime on the last day of the shoot. RK was so touched with the gesture that he has put up the windchime in his house!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12204325", "title": "Youth held for assaulting college girl, mother", "text": "PUNE: The Sangvi police on late Thursday night arrested a driver of a call centre car for allegedly assaulting a 19-year-old college student and her mother with a sharp weapon. The incident took place at New Sangvi on Thursday night after the driver - who knew the family - saw the girl speak to another youth and was jealous.The suspect, Shivaji Rajendra Jadhav (20), is a resident of Chaitraban colony, New Sangvi. A complaint has been lodged by the girl's mother, Mangala Zope (50), of New Sangvi with the Sangvi police station. Zope and her daughter Deepali sustained severe injuries in the attack and are undergoing treatment at a private hospital at Old Sangvi.Following the attack, Jadhav was readying to flee the city. The Sangvi police team led by senior police inspector Shantaram Tayade of the Sangvi police station laid a trap and nabbed him at Pune railway station around 11 pm on Thursday.Assistant police inspector A B Londhe said that the incident took place around 9 pm on Thursday. Jadhav barged into Deepali's house and assaulted her on her head and hands with a sharp weapon. When her mother tried to save her, she too was assaulted on her hand.Jadhav fled after the assault. Zope's neighbours rushed them to a nearby private hospital and informed the police.Inspector Tayade fanned four teams to trace the suspect. Police constable Ganesh Kale of the Sangvi police station managed to get Jadhav's cell phone number and contacted him. \"Kale told Jadhav that he was a lawyer and offered to help him get bail,\" Londhe said.During the conversation, the police heard railway announcements in the background. \"We immediately sent teams to Khadki and Dapodi railway stations. But, on realizing that announcement facility was available only at the Pune railway station, our team rushed there,\" Londhe said.On seeing the policemen, Jadhav tried to flee; but was nabbed after a brief chase. He has been charged under section 307 (attempt to murder) of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204288", "title": "Delhi SIMs used in extortion calls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Maharashtra cops probing complaints of extortion calls from unknown numbers have found out that the callers had procured SIM cards in Delhi. Delhi Police sources said a Chennai businessman was also threatened from the same numbers.The numbers, claimed sources, were procured from one service provider who was under the crime branch's scanner earlier for issuing 100 SIM cards to one subscriber. Most of the procurements were also made from a single market.The victims live in Mumbai and other parts of Maharashtra and they have lodged FIRs with cops there.Sources claim that a section of the pickpockets in the city stealing PAN cards were colluding with some SIM card sellers and verification agents and cloning SIM cards just to push up revenue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204065", "title": "Trust deficit puts BJP-Nitish ties under strain", "text": "NEW DELHI: A meeting held to pay tribute to a monk, who had turned into a class warrior and tenaciously fought for the rights of farmers in Bihar before the Independence, has cast a shadow on the ties between Bihar CM Nitish Kumar and coalition partner the BJP.According to sources in Patna, Kumar is annoyed about BJP chief Nitin Gadkari's trusted aide Sanjay Joshi's presence in a function organized recently to recall the contributions of Swami Sahajanand Saraswati whose struggle against landlords is celebrated by Communists and continues to arouse the curiosity of academics, both at home and abroad.Those who shared the dais with Joshi, whom Gadkari has rehabilitated in the face of protests from Gujarat strongman Narendra Modi , included some of Nitish Kumar's A-list detractors: rebel JD U MP Mangani Lal Mandal, former party MP Arun Kumar his staunch political opponent Lovely Anand.Sources said that Bihar CM lodged a strong protest with BJP, and is unconvinced by coalition partner's explanation that Joshi's presence at the tribute was a sheer coincidence. The saffron version has it that Joshi, who was persuaded by a BJP councilor Rajpal Tyagi to be the chief guest at the February 20 event , was unaware of anti-Nitish credentials of co-panelists. The party has also conveyed to Kumar that Joshi, who was busy with UP polls, stayed for only about 20 minutes.Kumar remains unimpressed, with sources close to him citing an array of reasons, including Joshi's hard-earned reputation for attention to details and meticulous homework, to justify their skepticism. They say that Joshi could not have been innocent of the antecedents of the fellow attendees, and suspect that his presence could be part of BJP's desire to strike out on its own in the state. Joshi's proximity to RSS leadership, and the fact that Sangh chief Mohanrao Bhagwat recently camped for almost a week in Bihar, have only fanned JD-(U)'s suspicions that have simmered since Modi took out advertisements highlighting Gujarat government's support for flood-relief measures in the build up to the assembly polls two years ago.Kumar's unhappiness is seen as reflecting the growing trust deficit between the two parties who have stuck together since 1996. BJP has for some time chaffed at being the second fiddle to Kumar who towers over Bihar's political landscape, and what they consider to be the transformation of an alliance of equals into an asymmetrical partnership.They also remain equally wary of Bihar CM's future plans, fearing that Kumar, who has already arranged a majority in the state assembly, may decide to terminate the alliance to attract Muslims who have already warmed up to him and should make up for any loss because of the rupture of ties with the BJP.The party also has in its ranks hotheads, some of them upper caste dead-enders, who have smarted under \"unequal terms of trade\", and have got emboldened by the party's surprisingly good showing in the assembly polls.BJP's refusal to have leave a few seats for JD(U) in UP did not helped smoothen equations. The two parties sparred bitterly in public with BJP, arguing that JD(U) was irrelevant in UP, and the latter retaliating aggressively. The widening gap has found in latter's reaction to poor performance of its partner. Kumar has limited itself to saying that for national parties, the outcome is a sobering reminder to forge viable coalitions. However, his colleague Shivananad Tiwari almost seemed to relish BJP's embarrassment, and has cited the outcome to mock BJP's claim to be a national party.The spike in tensions coincide with speculation about efforts to rope in Nitish Kumar Kumar, like Naveen Patnaik , Mamata Banerjee , and Akhilesh/Mulayam Singh Yadav, in a non-BJP and non-Congress political concert. The collaboration among Kumar, Banerjee and Patnaik over the National Counter Terrorism Centre has given a fillip to the speculation.As political circles feel that the Budget Session of Parliament may throw up more indications about the health of Bihar alliance, there are two things which have struck many. First, the organizers of the meeting where Sahajanand Saraswati's contributions were recalled made it a point to ensure that the invite reached R C P Singh, JD (U)'s RS member, who is a close confidant of Kumar. Second, while Modi and Joshi don't get along, they have one thing in common: both have raised Bihar CM's hackles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12213496", "title": "Jumbo rampage hurts two in West Singhbhum", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A three-year old girl and an old woman suffered injuries when a wild elephant demolished the wall of a thatched house at Badia village in Basa panchayat of West Singhbhum district early on Saturday.The condition of the 65-year-old Balmaar Kulwain Singh and the minor Sushila Languon, who have been admitted to the government-run MGMMC and Hospital here, is said to be stable.According to forest department, the male elephant, which was moving along with the herd in the Seraikela area of the Dalma forest, got separated and descended on the field in the neighbouring district. In a bid to regain the lost path in the dark, the elephant apparently turned wild.The elephant destroyed paddy and also demolished the wall of a house injuring the two sleeping inside. \"The two (woman and girl) were asleep when the wall fell on them. The injured were admitted to the hospital,\" said S K Natesh, divisional forest officer of Chaibasa south. He said the same elephant had destroyed a thatched house in the locality on Wednesday but there was no casualty then. Following the incident, the villagers successfully managed to drive away the elephant back into the forest.Student's body found, 1 arrested in Lohardaga: Villagers fished out the body of a Class IX student from an isolated well at Nagra village under Kairo police station area on Friday. Following a named FIR, the main accused has been arrested and forwarded to judicial custody on Saturday.The deceased has been identified as Neeraj Oraon (16), son of Budhdeo Oraon.Kairo police station in-charge Sushil Prasad Singh said the boy was missing since Wednesday and the family had not informed police. On Friday, some villagers noticed his slippers floating in an isolated well of Madwa Oraon and their doubts were confirmed when they fished out the body. \"They informed us with a named complaint alleging Rajmit Mahali who was reportedly last seen taking alcohol with Neeraj after which he was reported missing. Rajmit has been arrested,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12209224", "title": "Trai devises 7 methods to fix 2G spectrum base price", "text": "NEW DELHI: The base price for the upcoming 2G bandwidth auction following the cancellation of 122 mobile licences by the Supreme Court last month can be anywhere between Rs 620.48 crore and Rs 4,571.85 crore for a single MHz or unit of spectrum, the country's telecom regulator has said. A company like Uninor, majority owned by Norway's Telenor, will be forced to pay between Rs 3,847 crore and Rs 28,345 crore, depending on the final methodology adopted by Trai, as the reserve price to get 6.2 MHz or units of 2G airwaves. The final price will be higher and be determined through auctions. Telcos whose licences had been cancelled by the apex court had paid Rs 1,658 crore for 6.2 MHz of airwaves on a pan-India basis in 2008.Industry experts agree that 6.2 MHz of 2G bandwidth is the minimum requirement to offer pan-India mobile services during the first five years of operations. The apex court had directed the government to auction the airwaves and licences within four months after seeking recommendations from Trai. The regulator has shortlisted seven models to fix the base price and has sought the industry's reaction to each of these methodologies before it finalises the reserve bid amount for the airwaves sale. This will be a blow to several companies, including Uninor, Etisalat DB and STel, who had demanded that the base price for the auctions be fixed at Rs 1,658 crore for 6.2 MHz of airwaves for 20-year period on a pan-India basis. Many of these companies had demanded that the reserve price be such that 'it enables a successful bidder to have an economically viable and bankable business plan within a reasonable period of time'.They had also contended that even at a level of Rs 1,658 crore entry fee paid by new operators, these telcos had not been able to breakeven and further added that the experience of 3G auctions at Rs 16,750 crore for a pan-India (5 MHz) spectrum had also not been encouraging so far. But Trai in its consultation process has clarified that it had already recommended 'in May 2010 that the price of Rs 1,658 crore was no longer relevant'. The base price will be the lowest if Trai were to take the price discovered in 2001 -- Rs 1,658 crore -- and index this for both inflation and cost of money against a prime lending rate of say 12%. This works to Rs 620.48 crore per MHz or Rs 3,847 crore for 6.2 MHz of airwaves on a pan-India basis.For the industry, the next best methodology will be to index the base price to the broadband wireless auctions in 2010, when 20 units of pan-India airwaves fetched Rs 12,848 crore. If this methodology is adopted, the reserve price works out to Rs 642.4 core per MHz or Rs 3,893 crore for 6.2 MHz. On the other hand, comparing it with the 3G auction prices, will lead to the base price being Rs 3,350 crore/MHz or Rs 20,771 crore for 6.2 MHz.ET had reported last month that Trai may be bound by recommendations it had made in November 2011 suggesting that a pan-India 2G licence should be valued at a minimum of Rs 10,972 crore, a sixfold increase from the 2001 price of Rs 1,658 crore. This values one unit or MHz of airwaves at Rs 1,770 crore. The regulator has listed this too among the seven models it has shortlisted to fix the reserve price. Trai has also sought the industry's views on auctioning all available airwaves with the government.Trai also wants the industry to share its views on the auction methods (single stage or multistage), if all players - incumbents, new entrants as well as companies whose permits were cancelled by the apex court - can participate, or if the sale process must be restricted to only those companies whose licences were quashed and also the quantum of airwaves that an operator can bid for. The consultation process also seeks the industry's views on whether there should be a cap on the total spectrum holdings. It also asks all stakeholders to specify when the auctions for 4G airwaves in the 700 MHz band should be held and if both sale processes must be linked. It has also sought the industry's view on rollout obligations, spectrum usage charges and if there should be a deferred payment for the airwaves following the bidding process.Last week, ET had reported that the government was unlikely to auction all 2G spectrum that will be available with it in one shot, fearing that such a move would almost certainly lead to supply exceeding demand, depress prices and yield less to the exchequer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12204732", "title": "A day after Women's Day, Amravati gets its 4th woman mayor", "text": "AMRAVATI: Vandana Kangale of Congress was elected the 13th mayor of Amravati Municipal Corporation on Friday while Nandkishore Varhade of NCP was elected her deputy. Both Kangale and Varhade secured 52 votes each.The elections of mayor and deputy mayor were held on Friday. The mayor's post was reserved for Scheduled Tribe candidate and the administration had received three nominations for it. Dr Divya Sisode and Vandana Kangale of Congress and Raju Masram of Janvikas Congress had filed the nomination forms for mayor. Dr Sisode however withdrew at the last moment, leaving Kangale and Masram in the fray. Of 87 corporators, 26 corporators of BJP, Shiv Sena and BSP did not vote for either candidate. Kangale got 52 votes while Masram nine.For the post of deputy mayor, AMC had received nomination from Balu Bhoyar of Janvikas Congress, Ajay Gondane of BSP, Chhaya Ambadkar of BJP, Nandkishore Varhade of NCP, Pravin Haramkar, Vanita Tayde and Savita Ladekar of Shiv Sena. At the end only three candidates - Ajay Gondane, Nandkishore Varhade and Vanita Tayde - remained in the fray as others withdrew their names. Varhade got 52 votes while Tayde got 22 and Gondane six.Thirty-seven-year old Kangale is fourth woman to become mayor of Amravati. She did her BA from Takshashila Mahavidyalaya. Kangale's husband Mahendra is a talathi. An Arts graduate 51-year-old Varhade hails from Kamunja village. Varhade is a farmer and is into social work.Kangale said that all-round development of the city would be her motto. \"I would work to improve overall infrastructure like road facility, health, cleanliness, sanitary facilities especially in slum areas,\" she said. About improving the financial condition of AMC, she said she would need cooperation of all to deal with the situation. She also expressed her gratitude towards MLA Raosaheb Shekhavat for giving her chance to represent in AMC.Deputy mayor Varhade said that he will focus on developmental projects to take the city forward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12209169", "title": "A multicultural affair", "text": "Talha Rehman, student of MA (previous), Islamic studies, Jamia Millia Islamia, on her experience of multiculturalism while on a cultural exchange programme to the UKWinning an essay competition on the theme, 'What are the ties that bind in a multicultural society,' organised by the British High Commission in collaboration with Jamia Millia Islamia (JMI), proved to be a dream come true. As part of the collaboration, another student and me from JMI were sent on a short visit to the UK from February 12-20 to understand their society and culture.The trip was a learning experience for us as we got an essence of the various aspects of the British way of life, what it means to be a Muslim in the UK and a taste of what life is like for a student. We visited the House of Lords and the House of Commons of the Parliament of the UK, and the Buckingham Palace, among others. We witnessed the changing of guard ceremony at the palace and also met Baroness Warsi , the key person behind the project; visited the foreign and commonwealth offices and the office of the secretary of state. We learned about the history of British diplomacy and the ties between India and UK going back to the time of the British East India Company.Our schedule allowed us to visit places of historical interest, universities, as well as various foundations and meet people from different religions to be able to get a perspective on multiculturalism.We interacted with student leaders at City University, Kingston College and Oxford University in London, and got an insight into their lives. At Kingston College, we met members of a Muslim students' organisation and learnt about their experiences in a multicultural society. We went to the Central mosque/ Regent's Park mosque, London, St Mary-le-Bow church, London, and the St Paul's Cathedral. We also visited the National Museum and National Gallery.I could see many Indian influences in the British culture, from cuisines to attire, and the exposure helped broaden my horizon and perspective. In future, I plan to pursue a PhD in Islamic studies from a university in the UK.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "jind", "code": "12205486", "title": "Jat agitation: 15-member khap committee to mediate in standoff", "text": "JIND: The khap panchayats have now decided to mediate between the state government and jat protesters, who have hardened their stands, to find a way out of this raging issue. Condemning the incident of firing on protesters, they have resolved to create a suitable atmosphere for talks so that peace is restored. They have also decided to support the demand of agitating jats for release of arrested leaders before the cremation of youth killed in police action.A meeting of the representatives of Sarv Khap Mahapanchayat was held in Jind on Friday, under the leadership of Binain khap pradhan Nafe Singh Nain. Sources said it was an acrimonious meeting, with members having sharp differences on the issue of support to agitators and government. However, they all agreed to intervene and find a way out of the standoff. They also constituted a 15-member committee to hold tripartite talks with the leaders of All India Jat Aarkshan Sanghrash Samiti (AIJASS), who are under police arrest, those sitting on dharna and the government.Sarv Khap Mahapanchayat spokesperson Sube Singh told TOI that the committee would work for an amicable solution and that efforts are already on. Committee members were already heading for Hisar to discuss the issues with the jat leaders detained in Hisar jail, he added.Seeking immediate release of all those arrested by the authorities in Hisar and adjoining districts, he said any formula to resolve the row would not work till a congenial atmosphere for discussion is created. He said the cremation Sandeep, a 20-year-old Mayyar youth who was killed in firing, would only get delayed if the authorities do not accept the protesters demand for release of jat leaders. The khap panchayats also called upon the protesters to give up the path of violence and that their foremost agenda was restoration of peace.Another member of the committee, Baljit Singh Malik of Gathwala khap maintained that the agitators need to show patience as certain elements could vitiate the atmosphere. Those who attended the meeting included Nafe Singh, Ajmer Singh, Dhara Singh, Inder Singh, Sube Singh, Baljit Singh, Pratap Singh, Maan Singh, Harnarayan, Dalel Singh, Surjit Singh Rambir and Diwan Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12204097", "title": "Trinamool MPs' strategy meet at Writers'", "text": "KOLKATA: The Trinamool Congress has become stronger by default, thanks to the Congress's poor show in the recent assembly polls in Uttar Pradesh and Punjab. And now, the Trinamool will use the situation to its fullest advantage in the coming budget session of Parliament, and is even likely to bargain for the special financial package with the Centre that has till now come to naught.Mamata Banerjee is now in a much better position to bring funds for cash-strapped Bengal, or else join the chorus with other regional parties in Parliament.A delegation of party MPs of Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha called on chief minister Mamata Banerjee - also the party's chairperson - at Writers' Buildings on Friday to chalk out its strategies for the coming session that is on between March 12 and 30 in the first phase.There isn't much to speculate on what the nature of Trinamool Congress's approach could be. For, MP Sudip Bandyopadhyay, after the meeting with Mamata, said: \"Wherever the interests of the people are concerned, we are ready to raise our voice\".He said if Bengal has to get back to normal and be equated to other states, \"then it requires special attention... This is true for Bengal, Kerala and Punjab. And Bengal is suffering the most. It has turned broke and crippled and development work is getting stalled.\"He added that the Trinamool government has to bear the brunt of an enormous debt, paying Rs 22,000 crore every year - a situation left behind by the former Left Front government.\"There is the plan and non-plan outlay, and the latter includes essential things such as salary of the employees, and all these things have to be kept in mind. We want Bengal's interests to be protected, and we will project the interests of the people of this state,\" Bandyopadhyay stressed.The results of the Uttar Pradesh polls were cause of great delight to the Trinamool, because the Congress's drubbing in the UP and Punjab polls means Mamata will get more leverage at the Centre. The UPA government has no option but to depend on her now. Even as all 100 Trinamool candidates fielded in UP lost, the severe blow to the Congress' loss has only gone on to make her stronger. With Mamata throwing a spanner in many major issues - from FDI in retail to the Teesta water sharing deal - the Congress had hoped that better performance in the UP polls would ease out the pressure to a certain extent. But the poll results made things worse for the Congress, and put the Trinamool is a better bargaining position.Bandyopadhyay however, would not say so. He refused to comment on whether the Trinamool's bargaining power had increased and so it would pressure the Centre on these issues. He only said \"We are constantly trying to raise the demands, and we will again do so.\" Nor did he want to comment on mid-term polls, nor on a possible formation of a fourth front that is now being talked about.The Trinamool strategized on areas where it will use the dynamics of its new position. Already it has raised its objections on the National Counter Terrorism Centre, on FDI in retail, and Bandyopadhyay pointed out issues such as the breach in Farakka barrage that was going against the interest of Bengal. He also mentioned the issue of the fertilizer subsidy. \"which the Centre is reluctant to offer and we don't agree on these issues which cause losses to farmers\". He pointed out how the Trinamool - despite being the Congress' ally - had objected to the fuel price rise, adding that it would repeat this if there were such proposals in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12212963", "title": "Opium case: City cops to take 7 accused on remand", "text": "VARANASI: The Varanasi police have decided to take seven persons on remand in connection with opium siphoning from Ghazipur-based Government Opium Alkaloid Works (GOAW). The accused will be interrogated to find out the spread of their network and connections with international rackets of smugglers.IG (Range) RP Singh told TOI on Saturday: \"The ongoing investigation in opium episode was affected due to the festival of Holi. But, now the pace of investigation would be accelerated. As a part of the same process, the accused persons would be taken on police remand.\"Incidents like theft of opium, either from GOAW or from the train during transportation from Ghazipur is not new. This factory had fallen in serious controversy on February 29 when the Jaitpura police had raided a house in Varanasi and seized 25 containers comprising 558 kg raw opium and also arrested five persons, including a CISF constable. After that the Varanasi police also arrested two more Ghazipur-based traders for their linkage with the already arrested persons. To save their skin, the factory management tried to lodge a theft case with Ghazipur police. However, the IG ordered the SP Ghazipur to transfer the case to Varanasi police, who were investigating the case.In the meantime, the stock verification of factory also started in the presence of a circle officer of police and a videographer. The exercise exposed more shocking facts as apart from already recovered 25 containers, as many as 27 other containers with over 600 kg of raw opium were found missing.To investigate the matter, many senior officers including of the Narcotics Control Bureau of India, CISF and also the GOAW had reached Ghazipur. But, they all remained in supportive role for the Varanasi police in the investigation. The IG admitted that one more CISF constable was brought to Varanasi for recording his statement. He also gave similar statement as it was given by the arrested persons, said IG and added the outcomes of initial interrogation were alarming due to which further interrogation was a must. The police were suspecting that detailed interrogation could help in knowing the involvement of other persons, including white-collared politicians, mafia gangs and also from the international racket of smugglers.The men-in-khaki are looking worried as the opium siphoned from GOAW can be utilised to prepare heroin in huge quantity. Mainly the opium is dried in the GOAW for export while the alkaloid plant's extract is used for preparing morphine , codeine, thebaine and other alkaloids that are sold to the pharmaceutical industry. But, due to the formation of nexus by those engaged in smuggling of intoxicants with the black sheep of the factory and also the personnel deployed for the security of GOAW, the siphoning of raw opium is becoming possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12202808", "title": "Gadkari not swayed by bring-back BSY brigade", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa's emissaries - Basavaraj Bommai, Murugesh R Nirani, C M Udasi and Umesh V Katti - returned empty-handed from Goa after BJP national president Nitin Gadkari was cool to their demand of reinstating Yeddyurappa.The emissaries, who met him during Manohar Parikkar's swearing-in ceremony as CM, were told he was aware of the Karnataka High Court giving Yeddyurappa a clean chit in the illegal mining case, but the former CM would have to wait. Bommai and Nirani said they'd gone to Goa to invite Gadkari to the Hubli felicitation of Yeddyurappa on Sunday.\"We apprised Gadkari of the situation in the wake of the Karnataka HC giving the former CM a clean chit,\" Bommai and Nirani said. The BJP president is believed to have warned the ministers not to set any deadlines to get back the gaddi. Their efforts to meet BJP patriarch L K Advani went in vain.Making the central BJP intention clear, state BJP chief K S Eshwarappa in Hassan said there will be no change in leadership. \"There's no further communication from the national leadership after Gadkari's visit to Bangalore. This means DV Sadananda Gowda will continue as chief minister,\" Eshwarappa said. He also said a show-cause notice would be issued to party MLA B P Harish for making statements against the leadership.Sources said the party is unmoved as other cases dealing with land denotifications and Supreme Court-empowered CEC committee report are still pending against Yeddyurappa. \"There should be clarity on these cases,\" they said. Other reasons are the Udupi-Chikmagalur bypoll on March 18, presentation of budget by Gowda on March 21 and Rajya Sabha polls for four seats on March 30.Yeddyurappa supporters will organize the Hubli event on a grand scale and extended an invitation to Eshwarappa and Gowda.Gadkari's gyan to DVSGowda, also present at the swearing-in, was reportedly told by Gadkari to concentrate on presenting a good budget and not bother about political developments. Sources said Gadkari the other priority should be on winning the Udupi-Chikmagalur bypoll. On Rajya Sabha polls, Gadkari told Gowda to convene the state core committee meeting soon to decide on candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12203297", "title": "Two die of asphyxia in septic tank", "text": "CHENNAI: Two men died of asphyxiation on Friday night after they got into a septic tank at a house in Avadi.Police said Shankaraiah, 37, and Emanuel, 30, had gone to the house of Kuppan who called them to clean the septic tank at Kallukada Street. First Shankariah went in to clean and did not come up, so Emanuel went in to see what was wrong. Both died of asphyxia. Police have arrested Kuppan.On October 13, 2006, the Madras high court passed an order banning manual cleaning of manholes after admitting a public interest writ petition by social worker A Narayanan of Virugambakkam. But the HC order is often violated in the city with even government agencies continuing to send men down sewage manholes. There have been many incidents of workers dying of asphyxia in the city and most of these workers get 100 as salary to get into septic tanks, which they do without wearing safety masks or gloves.They use a rope to get in and sometimes lose consciousness after inhaling poisonous gas. They don't have adequate pay, insurance or pension benefits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12213329", "title": "VHP to launch agitation against Muslim quota", "text": "RANCHI: VHP executive president Praveen Togadia arrived here on Saturday on a daylong trip to the statee to create public awareness against alleged anti-Hindu policies of the Union government. After attending a meet in Ranchi, he went to Jamshedpur and Bokaro to address public meetings and strengthen the organization. This forms part of his first round of visit to different states to build public opinion against move of the Union government to allocate 4.5% reservation in employment to the members of Muslim community out of the 27% quota meant for the OBCs.He said that the UPA government is violating constitutional spirit by announcing quota for Muslims. \"It could later form the basis of extending religion based reservation which is prohibited by the Constitution and secular nature of the country,\" he said.Chairing a meet of the VHP, Bajrang Dal and RSS activists at Ranchi, Togadia asked them to build consensus among the Hindus, irrespective of caste to protest move of the union government. \"Financial and social condition of the OBCs has not improved to a level that their share of reservation is reduced arbitrarily,\" he said.In Jamshedpur Togadia described Samajwadi Party's thumping victory in the recently concluded assembly polls as return of Mughal rule in Uttar Pradesh. \"A majority of the voters who voted for the SP will soon realize their mistake,\" said Togadia.About the reservation for Muslims Togadia said, \"We read conspiracy (behind the move to provide reservation to Muslims). Reservation on communal basis would only divide the country.He said if Ranganath Mishra commission recommendations are implemented in its present form it would only alienate the OBC youths and would further create rift among the religious communities of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12207787", "title": "At 70, Doddathamaiah Madegowda is a model for those who want to manage waste", "text": "With regard to waste management, this septuagenarian is a role model for public and civic authorities. For, he has demonstrated an effective and scientific way of managing of waste -- generated from homes and commercial establishments -- with simple methods. Besides being low cost, the methods help generate income too. Because of the efforts of Doddathamaiah Madegowda, 70, ward No. 28 of Mysore City Corporation stands as a model one with regard to waste management. The garbage generated from nearly 3,000 houses in the ward is segregated before being converted into manure. It is done using simple techniques at zero waste-management plant (ZWM) run under public-private partnership.At the plant, bio-degradable waste is stored in bins for nearly two months and then processed into compost (cow dung is used to contain smell). Of the total waste, one-third is converted into manure.In 2003, when Karnataka government planned Nirmal Nagar Scheme following Supreme Court directive, it subsequently started creating awareness on cleanliness. Even people's representatives were involved in awareness programmes, rallies and workshops. But Madegowda, an MLC then, felt awareness was not enough to bring in change. Deciding to adopt a ward and demonstrate effective waste management, he approached then MCC chief A B Ibrahim, who offered support.For the first two years, they assisted MCC in collecting waste from ward No. 28 (then it was ward No. 35) so it is dumped outside the city. Later, Madegowda demanded the authorities to set up a ZWM plant in the ward and got approval. The plant, set up in 2005, became a place for studying effective waste management. However, the method extended to other wards seems unsuccessful, maybe due to lack of enthusiasm.Madegowda says cleanliness should be given prime importance in civic management, \"but officials, public and media won't focus on that\".Madegowda, son of Thammaiah and Kalyanamma, did his schooling in Kumbarkopplu. After graduating from St Philomena's College, he completed LLB from Sharadavilas College in 1967. He had been into social work, but many unpleasant experiences made him to believe political power is inevitable to achieve goals. Before entering active politics, Madegowda served as high school teacher, worked in a government department for five years and also practised law. When he was the president of City Improvement Trust Board (now Muda), Madegowda had tough time identifying the actual beneficiaries. He played an instrumental role in distributing 34,000 houses under Ashamandira Scheme in the late 1980s.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12204911", "title": "Where there is a wheel, there's also a woman", "text": "MADURAI: Gone are the days when women preferred to be pillion riders and sat in the back seats of cars, leaving driving to men. The trend is fast changing in Madurai with more and more women taking the wheel.Official figures obtained from RTO offices in Madurai has shown that 9,078 women received driving licenses at Madurai North, 8,013 in Madurai South and 716 in Madurai Central for the year 2011 alone. The figures include both two-wheeler and four-wheeler licenses. The officials say the number is increasing by 10 percent every year. Regional Transport Officer, Madurai North, N Ravichandran, told TOI that the number of women applying for licenses is going up every year and of late it has been observed that a lot of housewives apply for driving licenses. \"Earlier, a lot of applications were being received from college students but now the number is increasing with women, especially housewives, taking their children to schools coming forward to get licenses,\" he said.J Poornalatha, Motor Vehicle Inspector at Madurai Central RTO, says women are learning very eagerly. \"During the tests, they exercise caution on driving and we really appreciate their attitude on safe driving,\" she said. \"Besides, they come fully prepared with lessons on traffic rules when compared to men,\" she said. A lot of working women, housewives and college students are coming for the test. Women who are doctors and government staff are also coming forward in large numbers so that they need not depend on drivers for travelling to work, she said.The driving schools have also witnessed a rise in number of women taking up driving lessons. M Senthil Kumar of Mani Driving School in Tallakulam says that earlier, they would hardly get two to three queries in a month from women but they receive five to six queries a day now from women eager to learn driving. \"In 2004, when I started my school, there were three to four women learning in a month but the number has gone up to 15 in a month now,\" he said. Women struggle a bit on clutch-accelerator coordination but once they get trained, they turn out to be very good drivers, he added.S Nallusamy, proprietor of Sun Driving School in Bypass Road who is in this business for last 15 years said, that earlier 10 in a month was a hard figure but there are 40 to 60 women getting trained every month. \"Women learn very quickly because they are much focused. They come with a lot of confidence nowadays,\" he said. However, most of them learn for self-driving and professional driving for hired vehicles is yet to pick up. \"We have received a couple of applications if women can be trained for professional driving as a few companies are asking for women drivers for their female employees. Lady doctors also prefer women drivers and the trend is slowly picking up in Madurai,\" Nallusamy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12203980", "title": "Iranian with forged passport detained", "text": "KOCHI: An Iranian with a forged passport of a Danish citizen was detained at the Cochin International Airport while trying to board flight to Doha early on Friday morning.Immigration authorities at the airport told TOI here that the 29-year-old accused, Bagher Nijad Munavar Gilane, from Tehran was trying to travel with the passport of one Anderson Peter Henrik of Denmark.Immigration officials became suspicious as they found discrepancies on the pages and seals in the passport. On contacting the Danish embassy in New Delhi, it was found that the Iranian had forged Henrik's passport which had been lost some time back. The embassy had a recorded complaint on the loss of the passport. Gilane later confessed to police that he had come from Iran to India in November 2010 with his genuine passport to study English in Osmania University in Hyderabad. After completing the ten months course at the university, he overstayed in Hyderabad in the company of a woman there.In between, he had gone to Iran when his mother died and came back a couple of weeks back. However, he didn't have any documents to prove that, officials said.He had also confessed that he had obtained the forged passport through a friend in Iran, who is into textile business in Istanbul, Turkey.According to immigration officials, Gilane had told them that he did not want to return to Iran but wanted to migrate to Canada or Denmark. He was on his way to Canada via Doha. He had come to Kochi from Hyderabad on a domestic flight and was planning to board the Qatar Airways flight to Doha at 4.25 am. Immigration officials have registered a case and handed Gilane over to the Nedumbassery police and had not yet received any evidence of the involvement of the detained Iranian in any criminal activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12206418", "title": "Post export ban, cotton growers pin hopes on CCI", "text": "INDORE: A ban on cotton export has hit the cotton industry hard in the state. With traders unwilling to purchase cotton seeds, cultivators are seeking the Cotton Corporation of India intervention.For its part, the CCI believes the time us not ripe for it to step in, sources said. An empowered group of ministers at the Centre, comprising ministers of departments like agriculture, food and commerce and industry and textile held a meeting in New Delhi on Friday evening to discuss the issue.Indore accounts for nearly half of the cotton exports from the state. Exports from the state are made to China. The state exported 4.5 lakh candy of around 355 kg each during the last cotton season. Delay on part of the government may shrink the trade by 5%. It is significant at a time when no trader was willing to participate in the trade post the ban on exports.Talking to TOI, Nandlal Lunia, who is into the trade, said, \"Due to the government's decision, the trade of cotton in the region dropped by 10%. The cotton now commands a price of Rs 31,500 to Rs 32,000 per candy against the price of Rs 33,000 per candy (one candy is 2.1 bales), which was prevailing in the market till the ban on exports was imposed. As such, our hopes to come out of the red, rested with intervention of CCI.\"However, the CCI differs. It believes that the cotton prices have not come down to lows where the intervention is needed. On condition of anonymity, a CCI official said, \"The cotton prices are yet to come down to the level of minimum support price (MSP). The CCI steps in, if the prices drop below the MSP.\"Quoting the example of Shankar 6, a variety of cotton seed, the official said it was still being procured at a price above its MSP of Rs 3,150 per quintal in the State. \"As such, we are waiting for the prices to come down to the MSP level before we make a move,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12205527", "title": "Mumbai cabbies threaten strike from March 19", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly 35,000 taxis have threatened to go an indefinite strike from March 19 to demand an increase in fares due to revision in the prices of compressed natural gas (CNG).A L Quadros, general secretary , Mumbai Taximen's Union ( MTU), said, \"The Mumbai Metropolitan Regional Transport Authority (MMRTA) cancelled two meetings with the union to discuss the fare hike. If they continue to take our demands lightly, we will have no option but to go on strike.\" In a proposal to MMRTA, the taximen's union has sought an increase in minimum fares from Rs 16 to Rs 20 and for every additional kilometre from Rs 10 to Rs 12. On February 17, Mahanagar Gas Ltd increased CNG prices by Rs 1.63 per kg.Auto union leader Sharad Rao has demanded a hike from Rs 11 to Rs 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12204962", "title": "Clothes weigh on wallet, mind", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you are too choosy about what brand you wear, beware. This brand consciousness could well turn into stress. A study conducted by students of Centre for Public Health, under the Institute of Emerging Areas in Science and Technology (IEAST), Panjab University reveals that out of 92% students who used branded clothes and accessories, 49% were under stress because of \"brand consciousness\".73% PU students, who were interviewed, thought brands were impressive, while an additionally 34% youngsters were too worried about how they look!This study titled \"Prevalence of brand consciousness and associated stress among students of Panjab University\" was done by Gunjan Grover and Swati Sethi, both from PU.Not only was branded stuff a cause of stress, not getting compliments too added to their problems.The study reveals that such was the prevalence of brand consciousness among youngsters that 15% of them felt upset when nobody complimented them despite being well dressed. Another 21% were stressed because they could not buy clothes of brand of their choice.\"Our study revealed how students were stressed to meet expenses of branded clothes. Also the stress caused because they could not buy the brand they wanted to and when peers or their friends do not compliment them on their branded clothes,\" said Gunjan, whose emphasis was to study the image and perception among youth. In some more interesting facts, this study revealed that 31% students felt stressed about how to meet expenses of their chosen brands. Of the total number of students interviewed, 46% preferred international brands, while 37% preferred local ones.Through a structured questionnaire brand prevalence among students was determined and also the amount of money they spend and stress level associated with the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12205521", "title": "New mayor wants clean, beautiful, secure city", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena, along with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and other alliance partners got a sainik elected as the first citizen of the country's richest municipal corporation for the fourth successive time on Friday. This came after the bonhomie between the Sena and Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) in Thane extended to the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), with all 28 MNS corporators remaining absent.Senior Sena member Sunil Prabhu (42), who has held several important portfolios in the party, won with a majority of 125 votes garnered from his party, the BJP, Republican Party of India, Akhil Bharatiya Sena and Bharipa Bahujan Mahasangh. All 15 independents, including rebels Vishnu Gaikwad and Vijay Tandel (both Congress) and Cyril D'Souza (Nationalist Congress Party), voted for the Sena.Sunil More, a Congress-NCP nominee and staunch Narayan Rane supporter, secured 65 votes and it appeared that the combine did not do much to garner the independents' support.Soon after his election, Prabhu iterated his agenda to fulfill promises made in the party manifesto. \"I want a clean, beautiful and a secure Mumbai. I am aware that the city has many challenges to deal with. I want to improve the healthcare sector, roads, water supply and security,\" said Prabhu.The deputy mayor, too, is from the saffron alliance. Mohan Mithbaonkar (BJP), from the party's stronghold in Borivli, secured 122 votes, while his rival, Harun Khan (NCP), got 65 votes.The process went on for over six hours as each corporator voted by a show of hand and then stood up to announce the name of the candidate s/he was voting for. Cheering on from the balcony of the House were Shiv Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray, son Aaditya Thackeray, BJP leader Vinod Tawde and RPI leader Ramdas Athavle.Thackeray later said that the Sena, BJP, RPI worked together to get the numbers. \"The independents believe in our agenda. Thirteen independents had given their written support to the alliance,\" he said.Nine Samajwadi Party members too abstained. The last mayoral election also saw six MNS members being absent and seven SP members abstaining. Political observers said the MNS has always silently supported the Sena whenever needed. \"This time, the MNS needs the Sena's support for the Nashik mayor's post,\" an observer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12204433", "title": "PCMC bags cleanliness award", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation has bagged the first prize under the Sant Gadgebaba Nagari Swachhata Abhiyan, an urban cleanliness awards programme. Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan will hand over the prize in Mumbai on March 12.The prize includes a cash award of Rs 35 lakh, a memento and a citation. The water supply and cleanliness department of the state government had organised the clean city competition in two groups. The criteria for the competition were water supply and management, sewage management, toilet management, public health, open defecation-free city, solid waste management, civic amenities, environment, road development, beautification and implementation of development plan, removal and prevention of encroachments, educationamenities, mother-child care, human resources and financial management and good governance.The other criteria were economic development, employment generation and poverty alleviation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12202859", "title": "17-year-old boy drowns in deep canal", "text": "GURGAON: A 17-year-old boy drowned in a canal on Thursday when he, along with his three friends, had gone to take bath after playing with colours on Holi. The boy's body has been handed over to his relatives and police are awaiting the postmortem report.According to the police, Deepak Gupta alias Deepu was a student of Class XI and used to work part-time. His father works in a showroom in the city. Deepak was the only son of his parents.On Thursday, Deepak, after playing with colours, had gone to the canal with his three friends. The four ventured deep into canal waters. While the other three managed to come out safe, Deepak was carried away by the waters. In the meantime, Deepak's family reached the spot and called divers who, after half an hour, brought Deepak out of the canal, but he was dead by then.The station house officer of the Rajendra Park police said on the basis of the postmortem, suitable action would %be taken. The victim's friends will also be interrogated, the SHO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12204102", "title": "Inquiry starts into copying charge", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A commotion was stirred at Shraddha High School in Jodhpur, Satellite , on Friday when a team of the education department led by district education officer (DEO) R I Patel and board member R I Joshi swooped down on the school. The team carried out a detailed investigation of a complaint of copying at the center. A complaint was filed with the DEO that a teacher had dictated all answers of the chemistry paper to a boy, who is a son of a rich businessman, on Monday.Patel and other officials asked the center supervisor to submit all details of teachers given supervision duty. He directed the school authorities to submit other records, including that of teachers on duty as relievers.\"We have seized the CCTV footage of the exam center,\" Patel said. \"Preliminary investigations do not indicate that such a brazen attempt of copying had taken place. But we are investigating the case thoroughly. If there is any evidence of copying, we will take strict action.\"Meanwhile, many parents have also complained that copying was rampant at the exam center.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12210440", "title": "When Jayam Ravi called Hansika 'figure'", "text": "It's known that while working on their film together, Prabhu Deva's Engeyum Kadhal, Jayam Ravi and Hansika became good friends.And the actor was in full attendance at the audio launch of Oru Kal Oru Kannadi, which stars Hansika and Udhayanidhi Stalin in the lead. Speaking on the occasion, he said, \"Hansika and I share a good bond and became good friends while shooting for our film. She's quite that bubbly person who can spread cheer. While I had to emote and work hard to get the approval of my director, all that Hansika had to do was come in front of the camera and flaunt her smile. She won't know the language (Tamil), but she will mouth the dialogue with expressive eyes. She's a charismatic figure.\" And the actor quickly added, \"I didn't mean that figure (referring to the casual way of how a good looking girl is addressed by guys)!\", leaving the entire auditorium in splits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12208984", "title": "Punjab CM Badal invites Jayalalithaa to his swearing-in ceremony", "text": "CHENNAI: Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal on Saturday invited his Tamil Nadu counterpart J Jayalalithaa to participate in his swearing-in ceremony on March 14.The AIADMK supremo, however expressed her inability to attend the ceremony as she was scheduled to begin her campaign for the March 18 Sanakarankoil assembly bypoll on that day.Having conveyed her inability to attend the swearing-in ceremony though she would have liked to, Jayalalithaa said she will depute her party MPs Dr V Maithreyan and M Thambidurai on her behalf, an official release here said.She told Badal that her campaign schedule had already been announced.The ruling SAD-BJP combine had retained its hold in the just concluded Punjab Assembly elections and Jayalalithaa had earlier congratulated Badal on his poll success.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12203656", "title": "Naval guards' arrest: Indian hotels targeted in Italy", "text": "KOCHI: The detention of Italian naval guards turned bitter with La Destra ('The Right'), a right-wing organisation, forcing Indian restaurants in Rome to down shutters for a night as a mark of protest against the custody of their personnel.Flaunting posters that screamed 'Italy is with you', 'We miss you', 'Italy is waiting for you', La Destra, supported by former Italian health minister Francesco Storace, held demonstrations in front of Indian restaurants.Later, Storace wrote on his blog: \"Unfortunately, what we feared has happened. Our two navymen were taken to jail. The speed of decision matches settling of a condominium dispute\". Talking to TOI, Ettore Coscarella, spokesman of La Destra, said 50 members took part in the protest.\"We are neither against the Indian people nor harbour racist feelings. There are no plans to conduct further demonstrations,\" he added.Meanwhile, Gianluigi Limido, head of La Destra in Rome, claimed to have closed down 10 Indian restaurants in Rome. He also put up posters asking people to boycott Indian products.But La Destra has no intention to boycott Indian products. \"We just want our soldiers to be freed. The whole country is with them,\" he said. The organisation boasts of 20,000 followers in Rome and more than a lakh across Italy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12203938", "title": "MV Explorer to arrive in Kochi on Monday", "text": "KOCHI: Semester at Sea - a study abroad programme on board the vessel - MV Explorer, operated by the non-profit Institute for Shipboard Education under the sponsorship of University of Virginia will visit Kochi on March 12.Thirty students from the team will visit Kerala. The Centre for Public Policy Research will hold an interaction with them on Monday. According to Lew Hinchman, professor of University of Virginia, the students will get to understand how entrepreneurial NGOs operate in Kerala. Students of comparative politics will get an insight into India's federal system, development strategies and grass-root democracy. Those focusing on international relations will learn how sustainable development can be achieved with the right mix of politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12213275", "title": "Budget session likely to be stormy", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand assembly speaker C P Singh has taken several steps to ensure smooth conduct of budget session but the opposition seems to be up in arms against the government over several issues and is geared up to take it on during the question hour.The indication was obtained on the first day of session when opposition members expressed their objection to the speech made by governor Syed Ahmed.As House reassembles on Monday the members will debate and vote on the governor's speech that has already been rejected by them as a \"bunch of lies\".Legislative party leader of the JVM (P) Pradeep Yadav said the government has miserably failed in administrating law and order in the state and still handed over a voluminous speech to the governor.\"We cannot sit idle just for the sake of allowing conduct of business in the house, otherwise our electorate would feel that we are justifying the functioning of the government,\" he said.Before the budget session, Singh convened had appealed to the members to allow smooth conduct of question hour assuring them to take up their grievances during the zero hour. Responding to this proposal, leader of the opposition Rajendra Prasad Singh said, \"We are ready to cooperate but we, too, want the government to come up with proper solution to the long standing problems.\"Enumerating the issues CPI-ML MLA Vinod Singh said people who were evicted in the anti-encroachment drive taken up last year had not yet been rehabilitated and once again the threat of eviction looms large on the residents of HEC colony.\"We have been demanding financial discipline on part of the government but once again they are prepared to come up with another supplementary budget whereas huge sum of money is left unspent from the main budget of last year,\" he said.Issues like vacancies of para-teachers, confusion over implementation and amendment to the Chhotanagpur Tenancy (CNT) Act and governments stand on restoring land registration process will also be debated.While some of the issues have already been slated for discussion, the members will also discuss department-wise budget and expenditure during vote on budget after it is tabled on March 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12204683", "title": "RTO revokes bike dealer's trade licence", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik RTO has cancelled the trade certificate of an automobile dealer in the city for delay in registration of a two-wheeler. The RTO suspended the trade certificate of TVS Pava near Mumbai naka for a month under section 44 of the Central Motor Vehicle Act.According to RTO officials, the said two-wheeler dealer will not be able sell any vehicles during the suspension period of his trade certificate and if he does so, every vehicle sold will attract a penalty.City traffic department officials said that during their routine vehicle checking drive, they came across a vehicle without a number plate. The department learnt that the vehicle was sold three years ago without it being registered with the Nashik RTO. Further, the vehicle had covered nearly 35,000km without being registered. Subsequently, the vehicle was confiscated and the case was handed over to the RTO. The traffic police said that apart from the action taken against the vehicle owner, action was also taken against the dealer.Deputy regional transport officer Jayant Patil said, \"A month back, we had issued a show-cause notice to the dealer. As we are not satisfied with his reply, his trade certificate has been suspended for a month, starting from March 1. The dealer will not be able to sell vehicles during the said period and in the event that he is found to have sold vehicles, every vehicle sold will attract a penalty.\"Traffic department officials said the dealer's sales permit has also been suspended. Sources said the dealer has more than one sales permit on account of which he was conducting his business. The manager of the showroom declined to comment about the issue.With vehicle thefts being a big issue in the city and many motorists seen driving without number plates on their vehicles, the city police has taken up an intensive vehicle-checking drive in the city. The fact that a large number of vehicles used by chain-snatchers also do not have number plates compounds the issue.Meanwhile, the city traffic department has appealed to dealers of motor vehicles to hand over vehicles to customers without registering them with the Regional Transport Office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12207935", "title": "Paan Singh Tomar wins the box office race", "text": "Tigmanshu Dhulia's Paan Singh Tomar that was released only digitally in around 200 theatres will romp home a winner.The film collected approximately 90 odd lakhs on Friday; 1.20 on Saturday; and One crore plus on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday taking the total to nearly 9 crores.Trade consultant Amod Mehra says, This is fantastic. A small film like this made at a modest budget of 2-3 cr bringing in this kind of revenue is heartening for the makers, for the actors and for the trade.''Paan Singh is a 'solo' hit on the home turf for the internationally famous Irrfan Khan.He has had little luck as a hero'' in that sense. His Biloo Barber failed; as have several other lesser films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12206412", "title": "79-yr-old relieved of jewellery", "text": "INDORE: A 79-year-old woman was brutally attacked and relieved of her jewellery worth thousands of rupees on Thursday afternoon in Neminagar locality.Police said that Rampyari, wife of Lakshinarain Ladtha was alone in her house when she saw a stranger sitting outside her house. As she asked him to leave the premises, he obliged only to return in the evening and barge in her house brandishing a knife. He asked for her valuables and when she refused, the accused attacked her with an iron rod several times on her head. When the old woman lost her conscious, he snatched her gold chain and earrings and left.After few hours, the old woman gained conscious and cried for help. Residents of the locality rushed her to Annapurna Hospital where she is recuperating and also lodged a complaint with Rajendra Nagar police. Search for the unidentified accused is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12204991", "title": "Exit of slums paves way for golf club redesign", "text": "PANCHKULA: The long-awaited redesign of the Panchkula Golf Club commenced on Thursday after the phased removal of slum colonies in the golf course.\"These people left peacefully, barring one hutment, which we expect will exit soon. The people are being accommodated in flats under the Ashiana scheme in Sectors 26 and 21 in Panchkula. In the Azad colony, which flanks hole no. 6 on the front-nine of the PGC, just 50 hutments are left. We have commenced the redesign starting from the back-nine holes,\"\" Brig (retd) I S Punia, general manager, PGC, told TOI.The redesign involves relaying greens on holes 2, 8, 12, 13 and 15. An additional practice green for putting has been slotted near the starter\"s hut at the tee of the first hole. The new tee of the first hole will be pushed back towards the Ghaggar to give depth and yardage. The redesign also envisages increasing the area behind the greens on the back-nine holes, which had been severely cramped for space.\"Our aim is to cut down the distance the golfers have to walk from green to tee. Every hole will have an extra tee, which makes it four tees for each hole. The green for hole no. 15 will be pushed back into the area vacated by the Mothuram Colony and it will make the hole 550 yards long. The tee for the 16th hole will be adjacent to the new 15th green,\" said Brig Punia.47 DefaultersIn a crackdown on members defaulting on payment of bills, the PGC management has terminated the membership of 47 golfers, who had not paid their dues for more than a year. The PGC is burdened with the membership of some government functionaries and other golfers, who have been regular defaulters. \"The dues were pending and we followed all due processes before going in for termination of membership. The sums due to the club on the average varied from between Rs 8,000-11,000 per defaulting member,\" said Brig Punia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12205146", "title": "3 held in Vaishali Nagar theft case", "text": "JAIPUR: Three persons, including a woman, were arrested on Friday in connection with the case of the daylight robbery by domestic helps at a jeweller's house in Vaishali Nagar five days ago. Police said the domestic helps and some others had consumed alcohol and conducted a recee before striking at the jeweller's house. Some of their actions were recorded in the CCTVs installed at public places in Vaishali Nagar.One of the arrested men has allegedly confessed to committing a theft and looting about Rs 6 crore from the house of a prominent businessman in Mumbai in 2003.Two domestic helps, Vishnu and Bhola, and their friends had gagged a 50-year-old woman, Sadhana Jain, at the house of jeweller Sudhir Kumar Jain last Sunday afternoon. They robbed her of jewellery, cash and other valuables worth about 15 lakh at knifepoint from the house number 301 in Defence Colony.\"We have arrested a woman, Chameli and her cousin Santosh Das from Jaipur while another man Rupesh Singh has been rounded up in Bikar and is being brought here,\" said DCP (West) Sharad Kaviraj. Police have recovered most of the jewellery and cash from Chameli's house in Kartapura.Search for some others including the two domestic helps working at the house, Vishnu and Bhola, are on. The duo had not been verified with the police.Sources said police have recovered most of the jewellery and cash from the house of Chameli in Kartapura. The gang had hidden the diamonds in a quilt in her house which was recovered by the police.Police had on Sunday said that Vishnu and Bhola called up Santosh and other gang members on the mobile phone and signaled them to come to the house after other family members had left. \"Santosh and the other gang members were consuming liquor at a liquor shop in Vaishali Nagar when the two domestic helps called them. There are CCTVs installed at public roads in Vaishali Nagar and some of their movements were recorded,\" the officer said. He added that while some gang members remained outside the house to keep watch, others gagged and robbed the elderly woman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12204327", "title": "Two meet watery grave on Holi", "text": "NAGPUR: Holi celebrations turned tragic for two revellers in their twenties when they drowned in separate incidents on Thursday. Amit Verma and Akash Yadav were enjoying Holi with friends at different places and had plunged into water for a bath after Holi celebrations.Verma, a casual labourer, was declared dead at Indira Gandhi Government College and Hospital where he was rushed by his friends and others after being retrieved from the waters of the Suraburdi lake. Verma had played colours with his friends at Raghupati Nagar before he headed for a bath. Police said Verma is likely to have been under the influence of liquor. Wadi police have registered a case of accidental death.In another case, fire brigade personnel rushed Yadav to IGGMCH after retrieving him from a lake on farmland owned by one Talmale family, but he could not be revived. He too had been playing Holi with friends while consuming liquor. Police said Yadav was addicted to liquor and was unable to swim back to safety after taking the plunge. Kalamna police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12208332", "title": "'Aankhen' sequel to go on floors soon", "text": "Producer Gaurang Doshi is all set to churn out a sequel to his hit heist film 'Aankhen', with only megastar Amitabh Bachchan being retained from the original cast.The 2002 film directed by Vipul Shah, starred Bachchan, Akshay Kumar , Arjun Rampal , Paresh Rawal and Sushmita Sen in lead roles. It was about a bank robbery by three blind men.\"We have been working on this idea of a sequel since quite some time. The first part of the film had two endings -- one for the Indian market and the other for the overseas audience. The three protagonists in the film would remain blind,\" Gaurang told PTI.The second installment will be helmed by a new director as Gaurang had a massive fall-out with director Vipul Shah during the making of 'Aankhen'.Also, there were reports that Akshay and Gaurang had a huge showdown due to monetary issues. Besides, a romantic song between Arjun and Sushmita was edited out. So the two were unhappy about it.Talking about the fresh star cast, Gaurang said, \"There will be a new cast except for Amitabh Bachchan. We are on the verge of finalising things and would make an announcement soon.\"The sequel will be shot in India, Canada and England. The film would go on floors this year and is expected to release next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12205524", "title": "Punjab cabinet:No takers for finance ministry?", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the date of swearing in of the new government now finalized for March 14, speculations about who would become part of new cabinet have started doing the rounds. Amid all the hectic lobbying that's going on in the ruling circles, finance portfolio is proving to be an albatross which no one among the cabinet-probables wants around his or her neck.Power corridors were abuzz with talks of who would handle the burden of financial quagmire that the department has turned into, at a time when treasury has to clear bills worth Rs 2,000 crore. The SAD's inner circle hinted that four-time MLA Parminder Dhindsa, who is the 38-year old son of veteran Akali S S Dhindsa, was being sounded for the post. But Dhindsa has reportedly not shown any interest and is keen on retaining the PWD portfolio. The finance department has turned into a jinx of sorts since the incumbent minister Upinderjit Kaur lost her seat while her predecessor Manpreet Badal lost both his seats after rebelling from SAD.\"One thing is for sure, Badal Sahib is going to reshuffle most of the portfolios, but a few might be able to retain their old portfolios,\" said a senior aide after the joint meeting of SAD-BJP. Since eight of the previous cabinet members have lost their seats this time, they are likely to be replaced by other senior members who managed to win. These include Jathedar Tota Singh, Bibi Jagir Kaur, Janmeja Sekhon and Charanjit Atwal. Bikram Majithia, who had given up his cabinet seat in favour of brother-in-law Sukhbir Badal, is set to be 'rewarded' with a cabinet berth this time. Daljeet Cheema, the Man Friday of Badal Senior and the most visible face of the party after Badal and Sukhbir, too, is likely to be rewarded for his hard work.Among MLAs, apart from finance, education portfolio too appears jinxed, since most of its one-time ministers lose their seats, including Upinderjit Kaur, S S Sekhwan, Jathedar Tota Singh and H D Johar.In the BJP camp, Chunni Lal Bhagat is all set to get a cabinet berth and his supporters are hoping that it would be 'industry and local bodies' portfolio, which has traditionally gone to leader of BJP group. Madan Mohan Mittal and Manoranjan Kalia, both former ministers who were eyeing the post, are in the race for ministerial berth, but Mittal's claim is learnt to be stronger. Navjot Sidhu , the wife of BJP general secretary and Amaritsar MP Navjot Sidhu, is also in the race but she may end up with a CPS post since she is a first-time MLA, sources revealed.BOXBadal invites Mamata to his swearing-inAt a time when non-Congress chief ministers have come together on some issues, Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal has invited his West Bengal counterpart Mamata Banerjee to his swearing in ceremony on March 14. \"Badal telephoned Banerjee today (Friday) and invited her to attend his swearing-in as chief minister at Chandigarh,\" state secretariat sources in Kolkata said. Mamata and other non Congress chief ministers had come together in opposing the Centre's move to set up the National Counter Terrorism Centre alleging it would affect the federal structure of the country. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12212208", "title": "We will not sever ties with Congress: Mamata Banerjee", "text": "KOLKATA: In the midst of tough stance she adopts vis a vis the Congress, West Bengal chief minister has reportedly ruled out rocking the UPA boat and force mid-term elections. Banerjee, who is also Trinamool Congress chief, had said after a meeting of the Trinamool parliamentary party meeting yesterday that her party was not not a traitor and its intention was not not to put the central government in trouble. \"We do not not want mid-term polls. We don't want to sever ties with the Congress,\" a Bengali newspaper reported today.In an apparent message to party leaders in the wake of Railway minister Dinesh Trivedi's recent observations on mid-term poll observation which caused a political flutter, Banerjee said,\"No one in the party can make individual statements. Party line has to be followed. Individuals do not matter.\" Banerjee told the meeting in which Trivedi was present \"Dineshda has already said that it will not be repeated.\"Trivedi did damage-control on Thursday, clarifying that his remarks on mid-term polls were 'political analysis' and not a statement as a politician or the view of his party. However, at the parliamentary party meeting Banerjee reportedly complained that the Trinamool Congress was not being consulted on major policy issues. She is said to have indicated that the party would oppose any fresh moves to bring the pension bill, Lokayukta provision in Lokpal and allowing FDI in retail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12203539", "title": "Summer could leave you thirstier", "text": "BANGALORE: Water is scarce. It's certain to reduce given the population growth and infrastructure development in Bangalore. Experts warn that availability of water may witness a sharp dip in a year's time.\"Water availability is likely to dip to 70 litres a day per person by next year. This is approximately half of the World Bank's recommended figure of 135 litres per day per person for urban areas,\" said B Ramaswamy, convenor, Infrastructure Panel of Confederation of Indian Industry, Karnataka State Council.The current availability of water in the city is in the range of 90 litres of water per person per day.In the second part of its series on the water crisis enveloping the city, The Times of India takes a close look at five different areas and the water woes facing them.Electronics CityOne of India's largest electronic industry parks, Electronics City, is spread over 332 acre and houses over 150-odd companies. Faced with severe water crisis, the companies have promptly asked their employees to cut down on water consumption and conserve the precious commodity.The Electronic City Industries' Association (ELCIA) spends more than Rs 1 crore to procure water including charges paid to BWSSB for supply of drinking (Cauvery) water. The amount includes payment for borewell water and water bought from private tankers.\"Private water tanker owners and operators throw tantrums and are unwilling to maintain a constant supply. Even if we are ready to pay a huge sum, they are not ready to supply water to us. With summer setting in, the condition will only worsen,\" said a member of ELCIA.EXTENT OF IMPACT: Severe scarcity expected over the next two monthsOPTION: Rationing of water in daily usage.RT NagarWater is supplied once in two days and even that is too meagre. People are dependent on tankers. The problem in the locality gets aggravated due to frequent interruptions in power supply.\"Even when we manage to press in all our resources and get water to store, power cuts don't help our cause. Water scarcity is bad in the area but power crisis makes it worse. Both services have to improve if we have to escape this ordeal. It's hard to imagine what the subsequent summer months have in store for us,\" said Krupalatha Martin Dass, who runs Sukrupa, a free school for slum children.EXTENT OF IMPACT: Water is supplied once in two days. But this is also irregular and in meagre quantities. Situation is certain to worsen in two months.OPTION: Depend on tankers.SarjapurResidents here are completely dependent on water tankers. These tankers provide 6,000 litres of water for Rs 350. But residents' woes don't end here as they are totally dependent on the whims of tanker owners, who change prices at their will. \"They even threaten to withdraw their services if we change the service provider,\" said a resident.Apartment complexes store tanker water in underground sumps and pump it up to overhead tanks. \"BWSSB has no pipeline in our area. BBMP says they have no water. We have 23 flats in our apartment. Every family ends up spending more than Rs 1,200 on water per month. But borewells are drying up fast. We don't know where we are headed,\" said Satish Amilineni, resident of Bellandur on Sarjapur Road.\"Massive rainwater harvesting, revival of lakes, treatment of waste water and its re-use are the only way out. Otherwise, the state government can look at banning all development in newer areas of Bangalore for the next 10 years,\" said Ramesh Sivaram, businessman and resident of Sarjapur Outer Ring Road.EXTENT OF IMPACT: Each family will have spend Rs 1,200 per month on water bills till the elusive Cauvery pipelines materializeOPTION: Tankers are the only way outWhitefieldResidents of gated communities say they are comfortable with the situation and privileged to get 24x7 water supply. But people staying in independent houses and apartments have to depend on water tankers for basic needs.\"We get continuous water supply and are hopeful that we will not feel the pinch in summer. But it's difficult to predict the situation this month-end. Given the water scarcity all around, we might also be affected,\" said Nisha Narayan, a Whitefield resident.EXTENT OF IMPACT: All well for now. But future uncertain as likely diversion of water can hurt.OPTION: Underground and overhead tanks as well as tankers are helpful.Austin TownThe problem gets acute during weekends. \"As people here stay home the supply does not match up to the demand. We are therefore left with no option but to store water for the whole day,\" said Manish Michael, a resident of Austin Town.Interestingly, BBMP officials said the area will not face water scarcity largely because it's surrounded by defence establishments, which are into rainwater harvesting. \"As the groundwater gets recharged in the process, borewells yield more water,\" explained a BBMP official.EXTENT OF IMPACT: Fine through the week, but crisis erupts during weekends.OPTION: Store in tanks, buckets and big drums. Borewells and tankers.Expert Counsel\"Shrinking water bodies is a major concern. In 1970, the city had 50 lakes, but we are now left with a mere 15-odd water bodies. Ironically, the 'lakeview' apartments in many areas don't have water bodies anywhere in their neighbourhood. As land is being flattened for development, water channels are getting blocked and causing a lot of problem,\" said B Ramaswamy, convenor, Infrastructure Panel of CII Karnataka State Council.\"The leakage - 40% of unaccounted water, both hooked and wasted, has to be plugged at the earliest. A new piece of legislation needs to come in whereby the state government levies a fixed minimum charge on all tankers run by private operators. That money, in turn, can be used to revive lakes,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12204603", "title": "NMC starts process to recover Rs 70cr water arrears", "text": "NAGPUR: The cash-strapped Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has woken up to recover arrears of around Rs 70 crore before the current financial year comes to an end.According to data available from NMC, water works department is supplying water to over 1.80 lakh consumers including 1,690 bulk consumers. The arrears have increased to a great extent in the past three years and gone over Rs 70 crore.The arrears were Rs 20.99 crore in 2007-08 followed by Rs 23.48 crore in 2008-09, Rs 44.59 crore in 2009-10 and Rs 60.08 crore in 2010-11. The current arrears also include pending arrears of the 24X7 pilot project.The percentage of recovery is coming down with every passing year. In 2010-11, the recovery percentage was 57.71% as against 69.11% in 2007-08. Due to high amount of arrears, the revenue from water tax is much below the total bills. The revenue was Rs 50.71 crore in 2007-08 followed by Rs 54.75 crore in 2008-09, Rs 71.39 crore in 2009-10 and Rs 85.29 crore in 2010-11.\"Water connections will be disconnected for non-payment of bills. In case of any disputed matter, the consumer should pay at least 50% of the amount unless face same action. The consumers of Dharampeth Zone 24X7 pilot project may not face action if they pay up to 50 units per month. From now the payment counters will remain open from 9am to 3pm every day and on holidays too. Consumers may contract on toll free number for any problems related to water works,\" said executive engineer Shashikant Hastak.Meanwhile, private operator Orange City Water Limited (OCWL) has started a 24-hour toll free number (1800-266-9899) to attend to complaints related to water supply and bills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12203217", "title": "Govt details Vijayakanth\u2019s \u2018antics\u2019 in HC", "text": "CHENNAI: There is no illegality or violation of any constitutional rights in the Tamil Nadu assembly's decision to suspend DMDK leader and the leader of the opposition Vijayakanth from the assembly for 10 days, the secretariat has told the Madras high court.The privileges committee of the assembly has recommended his suspension on February 2 after finding him guilty of aggressive behaviour and bad and untoward gestures lowering the dignity and decorum of the House on February 1. During a debate, it said the actor-politician had \"raised his hands and pointing his fingers towards the ruling party members, rolled his tongue and tried to threaten them, thus creating a surcharged atmosphere in the House\".Justifying the suspension, the assembly secretary A M P Jamaludeen filed a counter-affidavit saying Vijayakanth was afforded sufficient opportunity to appear before the privilege committee and explain his behaviour. He absented himself and then sent a letter stating that it was the ruling party members, including ministers, who shouted and abused him. Pointing out that he had not denied the charges against him and that he or his party MLAs had not preferred any such complaints against ruling party members to the Speaker, the committee recommended his suspension to uphold the dignity and decorum of the House.In his writ petition, the leader of the opposition questioned the legality of the decision to suspend him for 10 days. He said that instead of 10 calendar days, the suspension was actually in force for 10 assembly session days. He said it would amount to denying his constituency an elected representative during the period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12205548", "title": "SAD MLAs to go on thanksgiving tours", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The newly elected SAD MLAs have been directed to embark upon \"thanks giving\" tours by visiting important religious places and offering prayers in their respective constituencies.The \"mission\" would continue till March 14 before the swearing-in ceremony. The Badal family visited Golden Temple and Durgiana Mandir in Amritsar on March 7 itself before they came down to Chandigarh to address the newly elected MLAs on March 8 morning, whereafter they left for another religious destination, Anandpur Sahib, to participate in the Hola Mohalla celebrations.On Wednesday, during the meeting of newly elected MLAs, Badal senior reportedly told the MLAs that the party got many seats with very narrow margins, giving them decisive numbers, \"which became possible only due to God's grace. So, let's express our gratitude to the almighty by visiting the religious shrines in our areas.\"However, sources revealed that the exercise is also aimed at building the party's secular credentials and to wipe out its earlier image of a \"Panthic\" party. \"As it is, the election results have proved that the party's social engineering formula has succeeded in getting almost near-majority for SAD (56 seats, which is short of only 3 seats to win absolute majority). Fielding of Dalit and Hindu candidates got the party more seats in Doaba and urban areas. That image of secularism has to be reinforced,\" sources said.The swearing-in ceremony is also being held at Chhapar Chiri, the memorial of Baba Banda Bahadur, who has followers in both Sikh and Hindu communities.Punjab Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12212975", "title": "No end to LPG crisis", "text": "VARANASI: The city's tryst with LPG cylinder crisis fails to get over even after Holi festivity. It is thus making a mockery of the tall claims of suppliers who promised improvement in the situation after the festivity. The pre-budget speculations on expected rise in the price of LPG cylinders have already made them a 'hot-selling' commodity in the city, the holidays at LPG bottling plant and shortage of trolleymen have also aggravated the crisis in the region. To make matters worse, the use of domestic LPG cylinders in vehicles in some places in the city is further worsening the situation.\"The bottling plant at Babatpur remained closed on the day of Holi (March 8). It was earlier closed on Mahashivratri as well. The backlog of waiting list of consumers has increased. In addition, we are also facing a shortage of trolleymen, who have gone to their native place during Holi. The supply of refilled cylinders has gained momentum and hopefully the conditions would normalise in the coming one week,\" said Kumar Agrawal, president, Varanasi LPG Distributor Association (VLDA), on Saturday.As per reports of VLDA, the supply of over 5,000 refilled cylinders was delayed due to closure of bottling plant in the wake of Holi festivity. Even after the festivity, more than 50% of the trolleymen (most of them belonging to neighbouring state of Bihar) have not returned from their native place, enough to aggravate the crisis in the region.It may be mentioned here that there are around 3.50 lakh consumers of domestic LPG cylinders in the city. These consumers are registered at 32 agencies across the city, out of which as many as 22 agencies belong to the India Oil Company (Indane). While the LPG crisis began during the election season, reaching its peak before the day of election (March 15) in the region, the crisis has only deepened despite the initiative of the district administration to come hard on black-marketers and discourage use of domestic LPG cylinders in wedding parties during the wedding season.According to AP Singh, district supply officer, notices have been served to nearly two dozen restaurants and marriage lawns across the city during recent raids in the last one month. \"The drive to keep a tab on commercial use of domestic LPG cylinders is still going on and we are also trying to make the consumers aware of the optimum use of LPG cylinders,\" he said. He also indicated at stringent drive to curb unauthorised refilling of LPG cylinders to run vehicles in the city.However, at some places in the city, vehicles were found to be refilling LPG from cylinders in an unauthorised manner. While the efforts of district administration, including DSO office, to allow open distribution of refilled LPG cylinders to deserving consumers at Town Hall (Maidagin) promised improvement in the situation just before Holi, the condition has become worse after Holi. There is prolonged wait for delivery of cylinders.Another factor which is forcing denizens to go for early bookings is pre-budget speculation that indicates a possible rise in prices. \"We have already made early bookings in the hope that the price of LPG cylinders may be hiked after budget session that begins on Monday (March 12). There is also acute LPG crisis in the city and there is no guarantee that it would be delivered in time to give respite to kitchen in post-Holi celebrations,\" added Malti Dubey, a housewife who resided in Saket Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12204712", "title": "Rs 10L for kin of Usgao mishap victims", "text": "PONDA: As part of its corporate social responsibility, Sesa mining company and truckers in Usgao on Friday agreed to compensate the kin of victims who lost their lives in the mishap at Usgao-Ponda with 10 lakh each.The accident had killed three persons including a 15-year-old school girl on Monday afternoon.A truck had rammed into the school bus crushing its driver, Ganesh Prabhu, 40, of Barazan-Usgao, cleaner Sagar Subhash Gosavi, 34, of Gosaviwada-Usgao and Priyanka Ramnath Gaude, 15, a class 10 student of Sarvodaya high school, Usgao.As a mining truck was responsible for the mishap, Sesa mining company and the organization of truckers' have agreed to compensate the families of the deceased as part of their corporate social responsibility.Both the organizations will pay compensation to all three families, Ponda deputy collector Johnson Fernandes told TOI.This was decided in a meeting held at Sarvodaya HS, Usgao, on Friday.Representatives of the mining company, Goa mineral ore exporters' association, school members, Ponda deputy superintendent of police, Ponda assistant director of transport, PWD assistant engineer and the local sarpanch attended the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12203673", "title": "Car used in theft found", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of city police officials have found the car used by thieves in the theft of 23 kilograms of silver from a jewellery shop in Shahibaug from Himmatnagar. The investigators also found that the Honda City car has been stolen from Gandhinagar earlier this month.According to Shahibaug police officials, the loot of 23 kilograms of silver from Sarvoday Jewellers, a shop in Ghevar Complex owned by Dashrath Patel, was reported on March 4. A team of thieves had entered the shop in wee hours of March 4 and stolen goods worth Rs 11.50 lakh.A S Shukal, inspector of Shahibaug police station, said that the CCTV footage found from the spot indicated that the thieves had come in a car. \"A car has been found abandoned near Himmatnagar and its back seat had a bag with silver idols. We got the owner of the shop for verificationand got to know that it was the same car,\" he said. When we sent the number to the state control, we got to know that it was stolen recently from Gandhinagar,\" he said.He added that the thieves used electric cutters and seem to be at ease with the entire process. Meanwhile, a team of crime branch have studied other cases and have shown a possibility that it is handiwork of the same gang that is involved in a theft case in Naranpura where a jewellery store was targeted. \"We believe it to be modus operandi of Chikhlikar gang and have sought details of the active members and their whereabouts,\" said a crime branch official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12210393", "title": "Band Agni goes Hollywood", "text": "Mohan K, the vocalist of Agnee on their music and their song for an upcoming Hollywood flickTHE AVENGERS: Our band Agnee will be doing the title track for the upcoming Hollywood action-adventure flick The Avengers . We are great fans of the superhero genre. We're working with Abbas Tyrewala on the lyrics for this one. The song's going g to follow the general the movie without being overtly obvious about the storyline. We are already at work on it.DEBUT COMPOSITIONS: We have just made our debut as music composers, scoring music for upcoming films Shali (Marathi) and Aalaap (Bengali). We've even tried an 'item number' for it. In a way, it's a refreshing change because when we make music for a movie, we don't always have to sound like Agnee. So we have more room to experiment.CREATE WITH AGNEE: Our Create With Agnee album is inspired by a series of contests the band conducted to rope in new talent in the form of a lyricist and singer in 2009 and 2010 respectively. The band has collaborated with various artists in the making of this album. In terms of sounds, we've included the tabla, dhol, trumpets and so on.COMMERCE CONFUSION: Many bands record a single and release it online. I don't think it's commercially viable, especially with the music industry in India yet to warm up to independent bands and their music or even employing individual songs on soundtracks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12208139", "title": "Bhavika\u2019s got business on her mind", "text": "Mollywood actress Bhavika is being extra careful about her career in films.The actress, who has been seen in more number of advertisements than films so far, has been known for the characters she played in Orkut Oru Ormakoot, The Train and Bombay March 12th. \"There is another Malayalam film coming up, to be directed by a debutant. But since I begin shoot for the same only in April, I will speak more about it only then,\" she says.In the meantime, Bhavika plans to restart a little business venture that she had before she moved from Bangalore to Kochi. \"I used to run a venture called Purple Patches, right from home of course. I would source western wear and accessories for women and even designed a couple of Indian wear. I am considering taking this to the next level in Kochi. It's the right place and time for such a venture,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "12203410", "title": "Yagam to drive away exam blues of students!", "text": "TIRUPATI: Much against their wish, thousands of students were forced to attend the Maha Saraswati yagam performed by Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) and endowments department in Tirupati and Srikalahasti in the last two days. While the priests said the yagams were being held to drive away exam fear of students and infuse confidence, parents and rationalists have cried foul saying these yagams do not fetch marks in the exams.As if this wasn't enough, 30 students who were coming to take part in the yagam met with an accident when the van in which they were travelling overturned. The students from BN Kandriga town were to attend the yagam at Srikalhasti when the mishap took place. Eight of them suffered serious injuries and were rushed to Ruia hospital in Tirupati. \"Why are they insisting on the participation of students in the yagam? The students would have died in the mishap,\" a parent bemoaned.Most of the students suffered bleeding injuries on their heads, hands, legs and arms. Doctors said the condition of eight of them was serious.Curiously, the authorities of TTD and endowments department claim that the yagam would help students improve their concentration, stabilize thought process and infuse rationality among students. \"It also helps students improve their thinking abilities and achieve mental maturity which is essential for them to have a fruitful career ahead,\" a senior TTD official said.A Jana Vignana Vedika leader, Ram Bhoopal, pooh-poohed these claims and said students would be better off concentrating on their studies instead of wasting their time on yagams and pujas. \"It is ridiculous that thousands of students are being taken for yagam from far-off places in Chittoor district,\" he said.For the past few years TTD's Hindu Dharma Prachara Parishad (HDPP) has been organising Saraswati yagam during the examination period to invoke the goddess of wisdom to bless the students. Under the supervision of Agama advisor Vedantam Vishnubhattacharyulu, the yagam was performed between 9 am and 1 pm in Tirupati as per the Vaikhanasa Agama traditions.\"We performed the homam by setting up six agni gundams and reciting Saraswati maha mantra to help the students gain mental determination and courage to pass the exams,\" a Vedic pandit said. Later, 'vidya kankanams' (sacred threads) were distributed to the students by the pandits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12203039", "title": "Church divided on govt action against N-stir", "text": "CHENNAI: Catholic and Protestant churches are at loggerheads, this time over nuclear power. The Church of South India on Friday contradicted statements of the Tamil Nadu Bishop Council, representing the Roman Catholic Church , that the UPA government was targeting Christians for backing villagers opposed to the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project in Tiruneveli district.On Thursday, the Bishop Council had lashed out at the Centre, saying cases initiated against NGOs, most of them backed by Christian institutions, for alleged violations of the Foreign Contribution (Regulation) Act constituted political vendetta and pressure tactics by UPA government and was meant to harass the community.With the Roman Catholic Church, which wields tremendous clout among the fishing community in Tamil Nadu, taking on the Centre, communal overtones have once again crept into the Kudankulam stand-off.However, CSI moderator and bishop of Kanyakumari diocese G Davakadasham told TOI, \"We don't think the UPA government is harassing us\".According to sources, all the 22 bishops of the CSI had met in Chennai on February 14 and discussed the Kudankulam controversy but decided not to take a stand on the issue.\"We are also doing a lot of charity work. The government is not putting any pressure on us. If the Bishop Council says the Centre is harassing the Christian community, it is not totally correct,\" said Davakadasham. \"As for as the Kudankulam project is concerned, both the public and nation's interest should be protected,\" he added. \"We discussed the on-going protests against the Kudankulam project. Bishops from south Tamil Nadu expressed their support for the protestors. But few other Bishops did not accept the argument. So we did not take any stand on the issue,\" said a bishop, who attended the meeting.While the CSI moderator differed from the strong statements of the Catholic Church, bishop of the Tuticorin diocese J Jebachandran said the centre was targeting NGOs in south Tamil Nadu.\"They can't use foreign funds for other purposes. There are regular audits. Moreover, the protestors never expect money from anyone. We took part in the fast for a day. As I am concerned about our people in the Kudankulam region, I am giving my moral support to them,\" said Jebachandran. Head of the Evangelical Church of India and Bishop Ezra Sargunam also distanced himself from the Catholic Bishop council's statements against the centre. \"We cannot say the UPA government targeted or harassed the entire Christian community. To be fair, the government has initiated many policies for the minorities. At the same time I don't believe that the Christian missionaries misused funds\", he said.Taking a strong stand against the Centre for a series of actions against NGOs involved in the anti-nuke protests, Bishop A M Chinnappa said, \"We request the PM to stop harassing the Christian minority\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12204752", "title": "HC stays construction of Dhantoli hospital", "text": "NAGPUR: In a relief to Dhantoli residents facing numerous problems due to mushrooming of hospitals in the area, the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court on Friday granted ad-interim stay on construction of one such upcoming hospital.Petitioner Manoj Lala, Dhananjay Dayma and Anil Gothi, all residents of the area, had contended that the building of Nagpur Neuro Sciences Clinics Private Limited of Dr Chandrashekhar Pakhmode violates many norms. Senior counsel KH Deshpande pleaded for the petitioner.The petitioners pointed out that the four-storey hospital building is being constructed on Plot No 32/B and 32/C, which falls under nazul, and is reserved for residential purposes. He claimed that the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has violated norms by granting permission to the hospital on a plot reserved for residential purposes.The court issued notices to Maharashtra secretary, Nagpur collector and nazul officer, NMC commissioner, and assistant director of town planning besides the owner of Nagpur Neuro Sciences, asking them to file a reply in two weeks.Explore NU land for new court building: HCThe Nagpur Bench of Bombay high court on Friday asked the district collector to identify land for proposed district and sessions court building in the city. A division bench comprising justices Sharad Bobde and Prasanna Varale also asked the collector to explore whether they can use Nagpur University's huge land on Amravati Road which is lying unutilized. The court was hearing a suo motu plea on Dagdi court building on the premises of Nagpur district and sessions court premises at Civil Lines, which is included in the list of heritage structures.The controversy erupted when the principal district and sessions judge wrote a letter to the government requesting it to delist Dagdi court building from the heritage structures list as they want to construct a new building in its place. He had cited ever-growing number of lawyers and litigants being forced to work in a crammed space while sending the request.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12213313", "title": "Ranchi residents hail civic SMS alerts", "text": "RANCHI: The SMS alert service started by the Ranchi Municipal Corporation in July last year, in which a message is sent to residents to update the status of their applications, has gained much appreciation from the people in the past few months.Ramananda Pathak, who visited the RMC to collect his son's birth certificate, said, \"I had applied for the document a few days ago and today I got an alert on my phone that the certificate had been made. This service is convenient as earlier people had to visit the RMC office often to check the status of their work.\"The service benefits all those who apply for birth and death certificates, water connection, holding tax, water tax and clearance of housing maps and other documents from the RMC. IT officer at RMC Rajesh Kumar said, \"We purchased the SMS gateway package and made a user ID for every public service department. A person has been assigned to send messages every evening. For easy functioning, applicants are now asked to provide their mobile numbers in their applications.\"The messaging system is not restricted to the information of completion of work, but it also includes alerts of any kind of additional documents required. \"If there is a need for any document, a message alert is sent to the applicants to submit the documents on a particular date and time,\" said Kumar.RMC CEO Vinay Chaubey said, \"Public used to complain that they had to visit the RMC to check the status of their applications which created problems for them and also to the RMC employees. So we came up with the idea of sending SMS alerts to them under mobile-governance. As everybody nowadays keeps a mobile phone, the service has gained a lot of popularity within a few months.\"The service has also reduced the crowd at the RMC which is a big help for the workers because people have stopped coming to check the status of their applications everyday as they are confident that they will get an alert once their work is done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12202958", "title": "Dadri road traffic bulb turns boon for motorists", "text": "NOIDA: Commuters on the busy Dadri-Surajpur-Chalera road can now breathe a sign of relief as a part of the road has become signal-free after the Noida Authority threw open a traffic bulb (U-turn) in the area.The project has been constructed at a cost of Rs 3 crore and is located near the T-junction of sectors 28, 29 and 38A.The sector 37 flyover was opened to traffic in January this year. Soon, the Authority, in an attempt to provide further relief to motorists, hastened the construction of the U-turn to help divert traffic, besides making a portion of the road signal-free.\"The traffic bulb has an 8m-wide curvature for vehicles of all sizes to turn easily,\" said AK Goel, senior project engineer of Noida Authority. \"This U-turn constructed on the six-lane wide Noida-Dadri road is between the Atta Chowk and the Botanical Garden Metro station crossing,\" Goel added.Considering the heavy traffic congestion near the Great India Place Mall in sector 38A and the residential sectors of 28 and 29, this U-turn will facilitate free-flow vehicular movement from the underpass at Atta Chowk towards Delhi as well as traffic moving towards the GIP Mall from sectors 1, 2, 3, 4, 17, 18, 19, 27 and more. \"Till now, vehicles had to take a U-turn at the traffic signal at the tri-junction of sectors 28, 29 and 38A,\" said Goel. \"This caused a pile-up and a long waiting period for commuters,\" he added.Traffic coming from Bhangel or Kalindi Kunj and moving towards sectors 37, 40, 41, 50, 55 and the Golf Course will also be able to turn freely via the U-turn. Also, two traffic lights have been done away with making the corridor signal-free. \"Moreover, further down the road, once the underpass at the sector 37 crossing is also ready, commuters will be able to enjoy a smooth drive without any stoppages,\" added the official.Officials further say that more traffic bulbs are proposed across the city to ease traffic flow. The feasibility of at least two more such bulbs to be constructed along one of the main arterial roads running between Noida entry gate to the Mahamaya flyover is being studied. \"We are surveying the area to decide if U-turns in front of sectors 14A and 15A can be constructed. This would help as cuts in the central verge cause bottlenecks, especially during peak hours,\" said Goel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12204581", "title": "21-year-old woman attacked by friend", "text": "PUNE: A woman was injured after being attacked at Dhankawdi on Tuesday night.Poonam Babasaheb Sonawane (21) a resident of Bhandup in Mumbai, was assaulted by Kuldeep Dhumal of Maulinagar with a knife. Her condition is reported to be stable.Poonam's sister, Madhuri Naik (26), has registered a complaint of attempted murder against Dhumal.According to the police, Dhumal and Poonam had been friends for two years. Poonam had lent Dhumal some money after receiving a scholarship and Dhumal had issued a cheque of Rs 10,000 to her. Later, in need of money, she had encashed the cheque.Senior police inspector Nagnath Wakude of the Bharatiya Vidyapeeth police station said that on the day of the attack Poonam and Madhuri (26) were travelling on a motorcycle when Dhumal intercepted them around 8.15 pm.Dhumal picked an argument with Poonam over the issue of encashing the cheque. He abused her and attacked her with a knife. The police are on the lookout for Dhumal.Poonam holds a degree in B Pharmacy while Dhumal is a recovery agent working with a private firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12203155", "title": "Corporation waste claims prove to be total rubbish", "text": "CHENNAI: If something's stinking in the Corporation of Chennai, it's probably because the civic body has been faking claims on garbage clearance.Contrary to the corporation's claims that Ramky Enviro Ltd has taken overall conservancy operations in Teynampet, Adyar and Kodambakkam, a recent RTI petition by TOI revealed that the private company is yet to cover the three zones. Worse, the corporation has not even completed an estimation of the number of conservancy workers required for its zones after the expansion of the corporation in September last.Hyderabad-based Ramky was in November awarded a contract to collect and transport garbage from three zones. Ramky deferred commencement of the work, for which it is being paid a huge sum, by getting repeated extensions from the civic body. It was supposed to begin in January, but was later given time till February.In the RTI reply, dated March 3, the city corporation says, \"The private operator awarded conservancy work is taking over the conservancy work in phased manner. After the taking over process by private operator is completed, the number of conservancy workers will be assessed.\"Ram Mohan Rao, national head of Ramky Enviro (Municipal Solid Waste Management), said the company does not have adequate equipment. \"We have ordered 15 compactors, 100 tricycles and 1,000 garbage bins, but the consignment has not reached yet,\" he said. Corporation commissioner P W C Davidar said the issue would be resolved once Ramky has the equipment in place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12203518", "title": "KS Venugopal: Defence sub-area new chief", "text": "BANGALORE: In a traditional military ceremony on Friday, Major General KS Venugopal assumed charge as General Officer Commanding, Karnataka and Kerala sub-area, from Major General AK Pradhan who would be proceeding on an instructional assignment.Major General Venugopal is a 1976 batch officer commissioned in the JAT Regiment. He has commanded an Infantry Battalion, a Rashtriya Rifles sector in a highly infested terrorist zone and an Infantry Company in Sri Lanka (Operation Pawan). He held various staff appointments, including that of a deputy assistant chief, Integrated Defence Staff (Counter Terrorism), in New Delhi.Venugopal was responsible for Operational Logistics' aspects of the Southern Army, which resulted in the successful culmination of large-scale exercise titled Sudarshan Shakti.For his dedication and contribution to the Army, Venugopal was awarded the Vishisht Seva Medal.Venugopal outlined his priority areas as improving civil-military relationship, quality of life of soldiers and their families and enhancing welfare measures for ex-servicemen.The outgoing GOC, Major General AK Pradhan, thanked the civil administration, formation of troops in Karnataka and Kerala and the media for their yeomen support.CAPTION: Major General AK Pradhan (right) hands over the charge to the new General Officer Commanding, Major General KS Venugopal, at K &amp; K Sub Area on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12204539", "title": "OFB awaiting centre's nod to build Russian rockets", "text": "NAGPUR: In a typical case of procedural delay, the Ordnance Factory Ambajhari (OFAJ) has bagged an order to make Rusisan Smerch rockets with a range up to 90km, but is now seeking permission from the ministry of defence to enter into a joint venture (JV) with the Russian partner.The rockets will be made by a JV entity formed with the Russian partner. However, since the Ordnance Factory Board (OFB) is a government department and not a corporate body it cannot set up a JV on its own, said highly placed sources in OFB.The rockets will be co-produced with the Russian partner, however the JV itself will need the ministry's approval first. With the proposal submitted to the ministry, OFB does not expect any hurdles in getting the permission from the ministry. Even Defense Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) is producing Brahmos missiles through a JV, said the source.The Russians propose to transfer the manufacturing technology to the proposed JV instead of the ordnance factory alone. Almost 90% of the know-how will be transferred, and it is expected that a substantial amount of work will then take place in India, rather than just the assembling, the official said.A chunk of the manufacturing process will be undertaken in OFAJ, which makes a host of artillery shells apart from Pinaka rockets, which are also based on Russian technology. The director general of ordnance factory Sashidhar Dimri had announced plans to make Smerch at this factory during a visit with minister of state for defence Pallam Raju.Meanwhile, in a small step towards indigenization of Bofors-type artillery guns, the ordnance factory has recently dispatched a couple of upgraded 155mm howitzers to the army. This is the first batch of guns lying with the army that have been upgraded by the ordnance factory.With the upgradation, the caliber of the guns has been increased to 155x45mm from 155x39mm earlier. This leads to increase in the barrel length, giving the guns a longer range. The 155x 39mm Bofors gun is the howitzer originally purchased by the army. With the upgradation, its range has been enhanced by around 10km, said a source involved in this process.The ordnance factory has also upgraded the electronics in a couple of 155x39 mm guns sent by the army, said a source in the OFB.As international procurement was delayed, the army had last year appointed the OFB as designated agency for indigenously making these guns in bulk. The process will be undertaken in stages, including barrel upgradation and followed by other parts. Eventually the gun will be completely made here, said the source.Meanwhile, the army is also scouting for more howitzers especially of the higher 155x52 caliber in the international market as it needs to replenish the artillery. The OFB had received drawings along with the guns which were sourced from Sweden in 1986. The army has asked it to come up with six prototypes, including two of 155x45 caliber and rest of 155x39 version, but with enhanced capabilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12207398", "title": "Sunidhi Chauhan to tie the knot again", "text": "Every cloud does have a silver lining after all. Mirror has learnt that singer Sunidhi Chauhan is all set to tie the knot with budding music director Hitesh Sonik, who has composed music for films like Pyaar ka Punchnama, My Friend Pinto and Stanley ka Dabba among others.Sunidhi, who has a failed marriage behind her, has almost always been a fiercely private person. When contacted, she sounded a bit reluctant but confirmed the news eventually, \"Yes it is true and we will be getting married very soon but we are yet to fix a date. Hitesh has been a music arranger first and is now a music director.\"Apparently, the couple have been dating since over a year and will mostly walk the aisle next month in Mumbai. A source revealed, \"Sunidhi has always been very protective about her personal life. Although she was earlier married to Bobby Khan, brother of choreographer and director Ahmed Khan, she has never spoken about it in the media.Sunidhi has slowly but surely climbed the popularity charts as one of the top singers of the country. She met Hitesh professionally a couple of years back, and the two have been dating since over a year. It was only last month they finalised they would be getting married.\"Word is a suitable date is being set for an April wedding however Sunidhi refused to divulge any details, asking us to wait till the right time. Yes, we will....", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12203521", "title": "Home Guards top gun held in salary scam", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police on Friday arrested city Home Guards commandant J Krishnaiah, a superintendent of police (SP) rank officer, in the Rs 7.95 lakh salary embezzlement case. Four constables who conspired with him in the scam were also arrested.As reported by TOI, from July 2011 to January 2012, Krishnaiah along with the four constables posted at the commandant's office in Purani Haveli had been embezzling the salary of those home guards who were transferred to other places by furnishing double pay bills. The issue came to light when reserve inspector (RI) Bal Reddy, posted at the commandant's office, lodged a complaint with the Mirchowk police on February 24, alleging that a fraud has been committed by the staff. Initially, criminal cases were booked against constable A Vinay Kumar who works as a writer at the commandant's office. Police had tracked the cellphone calls of Vinay and nabbed him a few days later. After his interrogation, police arrested other constables __ A Prashant, R Sai Ram, both working as writers, and Mohammed Habeeb Anwar, an accountant at the commandant's office.In their statements recorded with the investigating officer, the constables stated that the commandant used to give only Rs 3000 every month to each one of them and keep the remaining stolen amount for himself. \"So, out of the Rs 7.95 lakh embezzled amount, the four constables got Rs 84,000 and the commandant kept the remaining Rs 7.11 lakh for himself,\" Mirchowk ACP M Kistaiah said.After recording their statements, Mirchowk police arrested commandant J Krishnaiah. All the five accused were arrested under Sections 420 (cheating) and 406 (criminal breach of trust) of the IPC. They were produced in court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12207516", "title": "Joy Mukherjee: The Joy of cinema", "text": "Veteran actor Joy Mukherjee, remembered for films like Love in Tokyo, died at Lilavati Hospital , on Friday. He was 73. He is survived by his wife Neelam Mukherjee and three children - two sons and a daughter.\"He died at 1.30 am. His wife was by his side,\" Mukherjee's spokesperson RR Pathak told news agencies. The yesteryears star was admitted to the hospital on Monday in a critical condition and was put on a ventilator.Mukherjee shot into the limelight with 1960 hit Love In Simla. His popularity soared with projects like Shagird, Love In Tokyo, Ziddi, Phir Wohi Dil Laya Hoon and Ek Musafir Ek Hasina.With his charming smile and enviable physique, he was the nation's heartthrob at that time. However, over the years, he turned into a bit of a recluse and began neglecting his health. Mukherjee's family has been into films for generations - his father Sashadhar Mukherjee, who was married to legendary actor Ashok Kumar's sister Sati Devi - was the co-founder of Filmalaya Studios. He was the paternal uncle of actors Kajol and Tanisha Mukherjee , while filmmaker Ayan Mukherjee is his nephew.Veteran actors and filmmakers grieved the passing away of the iconic actor, while his peer Dilip Kumar paid him a visit in the hospital when he was being treated. Mukherjee's last rites will be performed at the Versova crematorium today.Remembered by his leading ladiesAsha Parekh Acted in Hum Hindustani, Phir Wohi..., Ziddi, Love in TokyoIt was a 'Joy' working with him. He was a fun-loving co-star, kind and considerate. I remember when we were shooting for my solo song Aankhon se jo utri hai dil mein (Phir Wohi...), we ran out of raw stock (film). Joy went out of the way to complete the song before the day was over. During Love In Tokyo, the first Hindi film to be shot there, we did a lot of sightseeing. Joy went too early.Sharmila Tagore , Acted in Humsaaya, dil aur mohabbatHe was a gentleman. I did not keep in touch with him after I shifted to Delhi. Being a Bengali, I always shared a very cordial relationship with him. We did a couple of films together while, a few others however never finished. He was one of the sweetest people I met during my film career.Mala Sinha , acted in Hum SaayaAll of my colleagues are passing away one by one. I am feeling very low. Life is like that. He was a fabulous actor and director. I liked him more as a director. He was very cooperative with his co-stars and actors. If I wanted his help for rehearsals repeatedly, he never said no. No matter how tired he was. He never behaved like producer Shashadhar Mukherjee's son, owner of Filmistan studios. He always had a smile on his face, just like a child.Vyjayantimala, acted in IsharaIn 1963, Joy was my junior but he was confident while facing the camera. His height and polite smile were his assets as an actor. We danced to the original tune of Come September in Ishara and he was good at his steps. It was Joy's altruistic best when he lip-synced Rafi's immortal number 'Dil beqarar sa hai humko khumar sa hai.'Saira Banu , acted in shagird, Door ki awaaz, aao pyar karein, saaz aur awaz, yeh zindagiWe are heartbroken. Joy and my brother Sultan and I, grew up together. He was handsome, had a very good physique and was a fitness freak. His father had an akhada at home but I don't know why, suddenly, he lost interest in fitness. All my girlfriends had a huge crush on him. Though he was very popular, no one knows why he let go os his career and his health.We invited him for Yusuf Saab's birthday party and clicked photos with everyone. Ironically, five days ago, he had asked his wife to keep them at his bedside and now he is no more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12208521", "title": "Tamizh Padam in Telugu now!", "text": "This must certainly rank among the bizarre bit of news, but we hear that Tamizh Padam, a fulllength spoof in Tamil cinema, is now being remade in Telugu.It will be directed by Bheemaneni Srinivasa Rao and star Allari Naresh in the lead. The original, which starred Shiva in the lead role, created quite a stir in the industry at the time of its release for its sharp barbs aimed at the cliches plaguing Tamil cinema.When contacted, C S Amudhan, the director of Tamizh Padam, informed, \"I heard that the Telugu rights were bought from the production house that produced the film in Tamil. However, I'm not sure how they will be doing the film in Telugu and what elements they will retain from the original.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12203066", "title": "Chennai police to be split into two again", "text": "CHENNAI: Eight months after the suburban police commissionerate was merged with the city police, the government has decided to split it again into two - metro 1 and metro 2. The two commissionerates will be headed by an officer in the rank of DGP.The move comes in the wake of a spurt in crime, especially in the newly-added areas of the city, where the government felt police were not focusing enough. Metro 1 will cover the inner city, while metro 2 will include the periphery of the city and some police stations of Tiruvallur and Kancheepuram districts, a source in the DGP office said.As the Chennai Corporation has grown by appending adjoining areas falling under Kancheepuram and Tiruvallur districts, the government wants to bring some of the police stations in these districts into the fold of metro 2 commissionerate. The plan is likely to be announced during the budget session in the assembly.Police officers say 75% of big incidents of crime in the last three months happened in the newly-added areas. Of the 26 murder cases reported in January and February in Greater Chennai, 18 were in the erstwhile suburbs. A gang rape was also reported from these peripheral areas. Robberies and burglaries have tripled in the city, compared to last year. The statistics, presented at a recent meeting of officials, came as an eye-opener for many senior officers, the source said.Breaking the tradition of presenting the annual crime data to the media, officers this time decided to keep it to themselves and work towards the organisational revamp. Senior officers are now busy listing out police stations for the two commissionerates.The idea of creating metro 1 and metro 2 is not new. While being DGP, law and order, Letika Saran had in 2009 announced the division.Each metro 1 station will have 120 policemen and metro 2 will have 100 policemen, she had said. The idea was also to grade stations according to the number of cases, as light, medium and heavy.According to an estimate, at least 50% of the police stations would fall in the 'light' category, 30% under 'medium' and 20% under 'heavy.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12205178", "title": "Samajwadi Party cabinet to be a mix of veterans and youth", "text": "LUCKNOW: Amid speculations on who will be the next UP chief minister - Mulayam Singh Yadav or his son Akhilesh -- the Samajwadi Party is reportedly finalising the list of functionaries and MLAs who could be elevated to the post of a cabinet or state minister.Party insiders said the team will be a blend of old and new faces. Among the party veterans certain to be given a cabinet berth include Azam Khan, Shivpal Singh Yadav and Ahmad Hasan . Ambika Chaudhary, who has lost the election from Phephana constituency in Ballia, too may be accommodated. An old timer, Chaudhary was the revenue minister during Mulayam's earlier regime. Chaudhary may be given the status of an MLC, sources said.Among the new faces, Abhishek Mishra, son of senior IAS officer JS Mishra, is a front runner for a cabinet berth. Besides being a close friend of Akhilesh Yadav, Abhishek, 34, holds the image of a top class management professional who left the job to contest from Lucknow North and won. \"There has been a growing projection of party incorporating professionals and people with clean background ,\" said a party functionary on the condition of anonymity .The name of Arimardan Singh is also doing the rounds. He contested from Bah in Agra and won, defeating the last time BSP winner Madhusudan Sharma . Singh, 55, is among the candidates with no criminal cases.The other name that reportedly figures in the list is that of Tej Narain Pandey who wrested the Ayodhya seat from BJP's Lallu Singh. Singh had been winning the seat since 1991. Pandey , 31, a former vice-president of Lucknow University students union, however, has eight criminal cases against his name.Party insiders said that the SP leadership wants to give a representation to candidates from the west UP. That brightens the chances of Chitaranjan Swaroop, 66, who contested from Muzzafarnagar and won by a huge margin. Swaroop had lost the election to Ashok Kansal in 2007 but managed to defeat him this time by a huge margin of over 15,000 votes. The only constraint in his being given the ministerial berth is that he has three criminal cases against his name.Rajendra Singh Rana, SP's winning candidate from Deoband in Saharanpur, is another candidate who has a high chance of getting a ministerial berth. The 52-year-old , however, has three criminal cases against his name.SP leadership is reportedly also considering the name of Mehboob Ali from Amroha in Jyotiba Phule Nagar. The name of SP winning candidate from Naugaon Sadat in JP Nagar, Ashfaq Ali Khan too is doing the rounds. The 50-year-old is a law graduate from Lucknow University but has one criminal case against his name. Then Ata-ur-Rehman , 44, from Baheri constituency in Bareilly too is among the likely candidates for aministerial berth. Apart these, national president of Samajwadi Party, Rajiv Rai is also an important contender for the post.Assembly Elections 2012Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12203076", "title": "Newborn rescued from garbage bin in Kilpauk", "text": "CHENNAI: A premature boy was rescued by passersby from a garbage bin on Flowers Road in Kilpauk on Friday morning. The condition of the baby is said to be stable but critical, doctors said.A teenager, who was buying milk at a shop near the bin on Friday morning, heard the cries of the child. She immediately informed other passersby, who in turn alerted the city police control room.\"I went to the place and saw the child wrapped in a rose-coloured dupatta crying inside the bin. The umbilical cord was removed, but there was blood on the child's body,\" assistant commissioner of police (Kilpauk) S Rajaram said.The child was rushed to the Kilpauk Medical College Hospital. The baby has been kept in an incubator as it is premature and weighs only 750 grams. A normal child should weigh at least 2.5-3kg.A team of doctors led by Dr Naren Babu is treating the child. Police sources said the baby might have been born at least eight to 10 weeks prior to the expected delivery date. The Kilpauk police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12197398", "title": "'Samsung proves Jobs wrong'", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: \"If you see a stylus, they blew it,\" Apple's Steve Jobs once observed about handheld devices. Turns out he was wrong.Samsung's new Galaxy Note proves that a stylus -- or pen, as the company insists on referring to it -- can be useful and even fun, especially for scrawling an on-screen annotation or for creative types who want to dash off a quick sketch on its 5.3-inch screen.That is, if you don't mind holding a relatively gigantic slab upside your head every now and then. That's because the Galaxy Note isn't just a tablet. It's also a phone, and the same thing that makes it appealing for those notes and sketches -- its size -- is a significant disadvantage in everyday use.The Galaxy Note runs on AT&T;'s new superfast 4G LTE network, which in the markets where it's been rolled out is fully the equal of Verizon Wireless's more-established LTE network. The Note, which costs $300 on a two-year contract, comes with the \"Gingerbread\" version of Google's Android operating system, which was designed specifically for phones. An upgrade to the newer \"Ice Cream Sandwich,\" which works on both phones and tablets, is promised.Core functionsThe stylus is stowed on its bottom, not far from the USB power connector. Turns out the Jobs prohibition should only apply in cases where the pen is integral to the device's core functions. In normal use, the Galaxy Note works just like your typical touchscreen Android device; you only pull the pen out when you feel like it.The phone comes preloaded with an app called S Memo that allows you to write notes that can be translated into text, and offers a digital sketchpad for your doodles. The handwriting recognition isn't perfect -- it translated my scrawled \"Jaroslovsky\" as \"jarsbnlz\" -- but with a little patience I eventually was able to use it instead of the on-screen keyboard for short notes.I was also able to easily capture screen shots from the phone by holding a button on the pen and tapping the glass, after which I could add handwritten notes and share the result via e-mail, Facebook or Google's Picasa service, among other options. And the sketchpad let me capture and share freehand drawings. The Galaxy Tab also comes with a pen-enabled game, and more pen apps are available from Google Play, the just-renamed online store formerly known as the Android Market.Poking buttonsThe pen does have some drawbacks. The most obvious is the risk of losing it; a replacement will set you back $40. Another is that it doesn't work with the Android navigation buttons arrayed along the bottom of the Galaxy Note screen. I found myself constantly poking at the home and search buttons with the pen, only to see no response until I remembered that I had to use my finger for them.While the Galaxy Note is designed for creating content, it's no slouch at consuming it. The screen's size and the richness of Samsung's \"Super AMOLED\" display make watching videos a pleasure. And perusing an e-book in Amazon.com's Kindle app is as natural and comfortable as reading a paperback.\"Natural\" and \"comfortable\" are about the last words I'd choose to describe using the phone as a phone. I have pretty big hands and even I found it fatiguing to hold the Galaxy to my ear for extended periods of time. Not just because of its size - - roughly six inches long by three inches wide -- which prevented it from resting comfortably in my palm. At 6.3 ounces, it's 27 percent heavier than an iPhone 4S. It does slip into a shirt pocket -- barely -- but the pocket will sag.No budsMoreover, I never could overcome feeling self-conscious about holding something that large to my ear. While a headset is almost an absolute requirement for the Galaxy Note, it doesn't come with so much as a set of wired ear buds.One advantage to a phone this size is that it accommodates a battery large enough to work well with the power-hungry LTE. While the first unit Samsung sent me had trouble holding a charge, its replacement was able to provide a full day of normal service.Steve Jobs notwithstanding, users who always want a tablet handy needn't be embarrassed to whip out a Galaxy Note. Except, that is, when it rings.(By Rich Jaroslovsky)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12204396", "title": "Times Premium Property Showcase begins today", "text": "PUNE: The two-day Times Premium Property Showcase will commence on Saturday at The Westin Hotel in the city's Koregaon Park area.The Times Premium Property Showcase is a one-stop-shop for housing requirements with a special focus on premium homes. The show has been conceptualized specifically keeping in mind the needs of the upper crust of society and will have properties on display that would essentially appeal to this niche segment of high end property buyers.Select premium projects spread over the entire city suiting the needs of today's discerning premium home buyers and investors will be showcased at the exhibition.The exhibition will be open on 10 March (Saturday) and 11 March (Sunday) between 10.30 am and 7.30 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12204043", "title": "UDF worked hard to poach Selvaraj", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A sitting CPM MLA exploring greener pastures is not an everyday occurrence, but when such an opportunity presented itself the UDF government was quick to seize on it. The deal struck with R Selavaraj was that he would resign as MLA and the UDF would support him when he contests the byelection as an independent.Selvaraj, who hadn't been in good terms with the CPM leadership since the Assembly polls last May, was in contact with a few leaders outside the party for the past one month. \"A former district leader of the CPM who is not in the party now initiated the talks,\" a source, close to Selvaraj, said on condition of anonymity. This leader, in turn, conveyed Selvaraj's discontentment to people close to chief minister Oommen Chandy. It is reliably learnt that Chandy gave the green signal for talks and a senior UDF leader initiated discussions with Selvaraj.In retrospect the signs were clear. Last month, Chandy laid the foundation stone for the new DySP office and police station in Neyyattinkara, a project close to Selvaraj's heart.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12204708", "title": "Man held for abducting minor girl at Agasaim", "text": "PANAJI: A 30-year-old man was arrested by Agasaim police on charges of attempting to kidnap a one-and-half year old girl from her residence on Thursday evening.The minor's father, Mohammad Mustaf from Goa Velha, complained that on Thursday at 7pm, the accused person, Siraj alias Patil Chettri from Nepal, attempted to kidnap his minor daughter, from the custody of her parents.Police said that the child was at home with the mother when the incident happened.\"The mother was in the kitchen when the accused entered the house and tried to escape with the girl. She raised an alarm and neighbours caught hold of the accused,\" said a police official.The accused was beaten up by the people and then handed over to the police.Police said that the motive behind the accused's attempt to kidnap the minor is not yet known. \"We have sent the accused for medical examination. Also, tests are being conducted on him at the Institute of Psychiatry and Human Behaviour as he has been behaving in an abnormal manner,\" the police official told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12203585", "title": "Hyderabad registers sudden drop in temperature", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city's otherwise sultry temperature dropped on Friday registering 34.9 degree Celsius. Met officials attributed the sharp three-degree fall to the cool northerly winds that are blowing over parts of the state during daytime.The city's highest maximum so far this month was 37.9 degrees Celsius which was recorded on March 3.Officials said that March will always have such erratic phases of transformation because of the seasonal shift.\"This fluctuation will be there during the season shift with the sudden rise and fall in the temperatures,\" said R V Subba Rao, assistant meteorologist, Met department.He added that this is a regional phenomenon restricted to Telangana and Rayalaseema. The temperatures continued to remain above normal levels across coastal AP.According to experts, even the minimum temperature has witnessed a 4 degree fall recording 18.4 degrees centigrade on Friday.The city had recorded a maximum of 22.2 degrees on Thursday.The weather officials said that similar temperature conditions are likely to prevail in the city during the next couple of days.Subsequently, the temperatures will start shooting up. April and May will be the hottest months, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12202913", "title": "BRT ordeal must end, people want their road back", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's the 'Big Road Trauma' that south Delhi has been living with for four years now. The bus rapid transit corridor - a 5.8km stretch from Ambedkar Nagar to Moolchand - has always been a traffic hell but Delhi government, backed by a clutch of self-appointed experts, has ignored public opinion. Traffic in this corridor is painfully slow and the wait at the intersections is sheer agony. The idling car engines, of course, foul up the air no end. The government, however, has only threatened to compound its folly by unleashing more BRTs in other parts of the city.There is, however, now a glimmer of hope. The Delhi high court questioned its effectiveness on Thursday and asked the government to rope in an expert agency like Central Road Research Institute (CRRI) for a study. And the court came tantalizingly close to voice the common man's angst - \"The agency might even conclude the project needs to be scrapped. Who knows!\"The people do. This corridor which was launched as a pilot project needs to be scrapped immediately and the road restored to traffic for easing the situation. After the government spent Rs 228 crore on the project, traffic remains stuck at a peak-hour signal cycle of five-seven minutes. There is, of course, no guarantee that your vehicle will cross the intersection in that cycle, with the average waiting time being two-three cycles even during non-peak hours.For a city that has 69,32,706 registered vehicles, there is something definitely malevolent about reserving seven metres of the road space for 61,471 buses and 14 metres for the rest. Prof. PK Sarkar of the School of Planning and Architecture, an expert in transport planning, has not been able to figure it out. \"Crores were spent by Delhi government on a transport solution that has actually created more problems. The cost escalation that the public faces because of idling vehicles combined with the increasing pollution outweighs the benefits that may have accrued from higher speeds available for buses on this corridor,\" he says. In this he echoes the high court which observed, \"It was seen as a solution, but the remedy seems to be worse than the disease.\" Marred by faulty design and poor management, BRT can't be salvaged now, feel experts as well as daily commuters.Government officials aren't giving in easily. Sanjiv Sahai of DIMTS (Delhi Integrated Multi-Modal Transit System), the agency operating and maintaining the corridor, insists that BRT is the only way to go in Delhi. \"It's unfair to judge the entire system from a single intersection like Chirag Dilli.\" According to Sahai, BRT serves the needs of 50 per cent of the city's commuters who use public transport. Yet, ironically, the very purpose for which BRT had been designed - running buses at high speed - is defeated during peak hours daily as buses wait for long at intersections.On an average, around 3,000 buses use the dedicated lane of 7 metres, ferrying 1.12 lakh passengers daily. In contrast, around 40,000 cars and taxis and another 35,000 two-wheelers use the corridor every day, using only 14m of the road space available. To manage this traffic, only 15-20 marshals are pressed into service along the entire stretch.The lack of a smooth transition from the central lane to the one on the sides in the BRT creates further chaos. The congestion resulting from the sudden weaving of traffic is only the start of the mess that lies ahead for commuters though. Car owners and vehicles like autos and two-wheelers have to wait for at least two signal cycles to inch through one red light at each intersection. \"Even in non-peak hours, the waiting time is 30 minutes if a commuter is travelling from the GK-1 intersection to Saket,\" says a senior traffic police officer. The Chirag Delhi and Siri Fort Road intersections are the worst-hit, and the intelligent traffic system isn't feasible here anymore as these intersections have reached a saturation point, say sources.With only 6,896 prosecutions taking place in a year, the operational effectiveness of BRT is evident. DIMTS officials claim that 15-20 challans are issued in a day to check rampant lane violations. However, few are prosecuted. DIMTS and the transport department of Delhi government, which is the enforcement agency, blame each other for the abysmal monitoring. DIMTS officials claim that despite the presence of cameras at all the junctions, violations cannot be checked as enforcement is lax. Cars in dedicated bus lanes and motorcycles and scooters in the cycle lane have thus become the norm.DIMTS, in fact, seems to have abdicated its responsibility despite the fact that it gets about Rs 3-4cr from the government for maintaining the corridor and earns Rs 5-6cr in revenue from advertisements in the corridor. The corridor is a milch cow, much neglected.(To be continued)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12203340", "title": "Youth \u2018kills\u2019 sister-in-law over Kurla flat", "text": "MUMBAI: Two men allegedly stabbed to death a woman in her Kurla house on Thursday. However, the woman's tenant locked them in the house and informed the police. The incident occurred around 10pm when the main accused, Abdul Hashmi (26), and his accomplice Riyaz Hashmi (20) visited the former's wife's sister at her house in Sanjay Nagar. Abdul wanted the victim, Shahajahan (43), to transfer her flat in his name.After her husband's death, the victim stayed alone on the mezzanine floor of her home while she has leased out the ground floor tenement to one Habib Ansari (28), a plumber.\"As soon as I heard screams, I rushed upstairs and locked the door from outside and called the police,\" Ansari stated in the complaint. Abdul and Riyaz were arrested and a knife was recovered from them. The victim was stabbed nearly 10 times, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12203603", "title": "Cherlapalli inmates to be given telephone facility soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: Inmates of the Central Prison, Cherlapalli, will soon be able to make calls to their families from within the four walls of the prison. Not stealthily from their mobile phones smuggled inside, but by using an official telephone facility.The prisons department had proposed long back to introduce a phone facility for prisoners but the state government had reservations on granting the required sanction. It had raised questions pertaining to security and cost issues involved. The file had literally gathered dust as the government kept its sanction pending. However, with all issues having been resolved, it is a matter of time before the prison inmates get access to a telephone facility.\"The cabins are being created and the equipment is expected to be installed in the next few days,\" jail superintendent K L Srinivasa Rao told TOI.However, all the calls of the prisoners, it is learnt, will be monitored. According to prisons department authorities, the inmates will be required to give one or two telephone numbers of their family members and they will be allowed to make calls only to these numbers. The inmates will be allowed to make calls twice a week and eight times a month and charged Rs 5 per call. Earlier, it was thought that prisoners would be charged Rs 8 by the private mobile company for one-minute call. Now the call charge has been reduced to Rs 5. Each call will be for a duration of five minutes.\"If there is a scope to reduce the call rates further, we will consider it. That will depend on the number of prisoners using the facility. It should be possible to reduce the rates if more prisoners use it,\" C N Gopinath Reddy, director-general, prisons department said.The 'mulaqat' facility is available for the relatives to meet the prisoners. But it has been observed by authorities that not every prisoner gets visitors regularly because their family members cannot afford the fares from their native places to city to meet the inmates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12207870", "title": "Mallika Sherawat and Lakshmi Rai together", "text": "The two hotties are likely to feature in a Bollywood film in the near future .Looks like Lakshmi Rai's Bollywood dream is going to finally take wings. The actress started work on Hhey Gujju, directed by Satish Kaushik and starring Himesh Reshammiya and her in the lead, way back in 2008. But due to reasons unknown, the film has been put on the backburner. But now, luck seems to shining on the Kaanchana actress as she's all set to be part of director Ankush Bhatt's next. The buzz is that Ankush, who directed the criticallyacclaimed Bhindi Baazaar Inc. last year, is keen on roping in Lakshmi Rai for his next project. The yet-to-betitled film will also star Sachiin Joshi and Mallika Sherawat in the lead. Confirming the news, Ankush tells CT, \"I've spoken with Lakshmi Rai for my film and she has shown interest in the script. But she has a busy schedule, and she told us she will manage her dates. We are yet to sign her on officially for the project, though.\"Refusing to divulge details about her character, or the film, he adds, \"Lakshmi was the first choice for the character. Mallika Sherawat will also be playing the lead in the film, which will go on floors by April.\"Lakshmi's last release in Kollywood was Mankatha, in which she played a role with negative shades. While her hands are full with projects in the other three south Indian languages, the actress hasn't signed anything in Tamil yet. In fact, she had opted out of Ahmed's film with Jiiva and Suraaj's Alex Pandian (in which Karthi plays the lead) as she reportedly felt that her characters didn't have enough meat!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12202943", "title": "Samajwadi Party workers warned not to use party flag, sirens", "text": "NOIDA: In what could be seen as a first step taken by the Samajwadi Party to erase its poor track record in controlling law and order in the state, the party chief has sent a set of directives to its workers in the district ordering them to maintain dignity of law. Even as stray incidents of violence have been reported from across the state following the party's huge victory in the assembly polls, Mulayam Singh Yadav has begun the crackdown beginning from party workers.The party chief has directed all workers in the district to desist from using sirens and hooters on their vehicles, a practice that city residents say had been in vogue during the last tenure of the SP.In a press release, the district office of the SP informed that barring a few party functionaries, all workers have also been asked not to flaunt the party flag on their vehicles. The only functionaries who have been given the permission to use party flags on their vehicles include MLAs, MLCs, and the district president, apart from a few other officials.The party high command has warned all workers defying this rule by action at the administrative level of the district as well as from within the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12206632", "title": "30 more buses on new routes", "text": "LUDHIANA: The residents can look forward to better public transport as municipal authorities are going to add 30 new buses in their fleet. Officials say the service will start on new routes within this month because there is good response from residents to the already plying 10 buses.The residents are more than happy, as they find bus service comfortable and affordable. ''Buses are less polluting and more comfortable so I prefer them. If authorities expand this service, it will be beneficial for us,'' said Hardeep Singh, a student and resident of Jalandhar bypass.Officials claim to have generated Rs 86 lakh from the bus service in just three months despite the fact that the service was launched only on a single route. They are now deciding new routes for the service to be expanded and mulling the idea to run the new buses from city railway station till octroi post on Ferozepur Road, covering all residential areas on the route.MC commissioner M S Jaggi said, ''Another 30 buses are ready for service and after finalizing the routes, we would start the service soon.'' He claimed they have spent Rs 4 crore on these buses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12204462", "title": "RSS may elevate Hosabale as Sarkaryavaha", "text": "NAGPUR: The Akhil Bharatiya Pratinidhi Sabha (ABPS) of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) beginning here on Monday has assumed greater significance amid speculation that Dattatray Hosabale may be promoted to the number two position of Sarkaryavaha (general secretary) of the Hindu fountainhead. Around 1500 Sangh Parivar representatives will meet here from March 12 to 18 to elect a new executive of the RSS. They will also pass resolutions on current national, international, political and economic issues.Hosabale currently holds the position of 'Sah Sarkaryavaha' (joint secretary), a section in the RSS is of the view that he should replace Bhayyaji Joshi as general secretary who in turn would become the 'pracharak pramukh' a senior position occupied by Madandas Devi. Ill-health of Devi is coming in the way of constant touring and mobility essential for a pracharak pramukh. Since the position requires someone very senior commanding respect from all quarters in the Sangh Pariwar, 69-year-old Joshi may fit the bill.\"There is a consensus in the RSS that Hosabale has potential and capability to be the next RSS chief. But there are some in the organization who feel that age is on Hosabale's side. As he is in his 40s, he could afford to spend some time in lower rung to be groomed for the all-important post of the Sarsanghachalak. Hosabale has come through the grind as a student leader of the ABVP and graduated in the rigid hierarchy through dint of his performance in various posts,\" said a Sangh observer.\"That Hosabale would be promoted to No 2 position is certain. But if it will happen in this year's Pratinidhi Sabha or three year later is not clear,\" said another Sangh insider. The ABPS is held once in three years in Nagpur when new executive body is elected.\"The Sabha is like an annual general body meeting when representatives and office bearers of all 35 frontal organizations affiliated to the Sangh gather. Numbering around 1500 these Sangh parivar functionaries then present performance reports of their respective units. They will also unveil plans for the coming year. While there may not be brainstorming on various issues, the political situation, performance of the BJP in recent elections in five states, including UP, the threat perceived from China are some of the topics on the Sabha's agenda, it is learnt.The RSS view of how the BJP is faring could have a direct impact on the chances the party president Nitin Gadkari's likelihood of continuing in the post for a fresh term holding its reins in the 2014 general elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12211187", "title": "Govt mulling framing guidelines for 'mushrooming' media schools", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking serious note of mushrooming media schools in the country, government is mulling framing guidelines to protect the interest of students who have to eke out exorbitant fees for these unrecognised courses.Information and Broadcasting Minister Ambika Soni said she had written to HRD Minister Kapil Sibal about the need to create a framework for these institutes whose numbers were going up due to media industry witnessing a high growth rate.\"This growth rate, this interest in the print media has led to a lot of so called training schools. Media shops as sometimes people are calling them,\" Soni said at a function organised to award the prestigious Seema Nazreth Award for Journalistic Excellence. Soni gave away the award to Indulekha Arvind of Business Standard.She said there were complaints about high fees charged by media institutes for courses which were often not recognised.\"High prices, one lakh-two lakh rupees for a six month course, for a diploma and then people do come and complain that we paid two lakhs for a diploma after six weeks, but that diploma is not recognised,\" Soni said.\"Initially you might have landed a job as a TV journalist or with some newspaper or some other print media publication. But if you happen to leave that and look for something else that diploma may not be recognised,\" she said.Soni said she had written to the HRD minister regarding the need to creating a framework for these institutes.\"I wrote to the HRD minister that we must do something about these mushrooming media institutes. There must be some ground rules that all of them must follow. So that the talent which admits itself in such institutes sometimes should not be disillusioned at the end of the day,\" Soni said.Soni also deprecated the trend of paid news, saying that it weakened the argument for complete freedom for media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12204083", "title": "Physics turns out easier than chemistry", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Lakhs of class XII (science) students breathed easy on Friday as the physics question paper turned out to be an easy one. The general stream students too went home happy after their statistics paper was a cakewalk for most. However, there was a blooper of two marks in class XII commerce in the multiple choice questions. Nitin Pandya, a teacher in Vidhyanagar High School, said that none of the options given against the questions matched; of the given options at least one should be the question's correct answer.Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board ( GSHSEB) officials said that a committee of subject experts will verify both the questions and options on Saturday and decide whether or not to give grace marks.Anushka Patel, a class XII (science) student, said, \"The physics paper was very easy. In fact, it was easier than chemistry. Most questions that asked were from the textbooks. I expect at least 90 marks.\"Meanwhile, four cases of cheating were detected. Two students were caught copying in Porbandar, while one case was reported from Lunawada in Panchmahal district. In Jambusar town of Bharuch, a dummy student was caught in Saraswati Vidhyala centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12207916", "title": "Akshara Gowda not doing film with Mahesh Babu", "text": "Akshara Gowda, the Bangalore-based actress, who is best known for her bold role in the Hindi film Chitkabrey, we learn, is after all not doing a film with Mahesh Babu.According to sources close to Anil Sunkara, the producer of the film, it was reportedly a PR exercise to gain attention. \"After the news was splashed across the media, she approached the producer of Mahesh's upcoming film with director Sukumar, asking them to consider her for the role. When they did not reply, she SMSed them again asking them to consider her for any role in any of their forthcoming films,\" adds our source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12204914", "title": "Mega solar storm not as disruptive as estimated", "text": "LONDON: A solar storm that shook the Earth's magnetic field on Thursday spared satellite and power systems as it delivered a glancing blow US space weather experts said.The solar storm - ten times stronger than a normal 'solar wind' - is likely to last through Friday morning, and the region that erupted could still send more blasts our way.At the height of the flare activity Joe Kunches, a scientist for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , said, 'It's hitting us right in the nose' - calling it the sun's version of 'Super Tuesday' . But he later said his space weather prediction agency may have overestimated effects of bombardment.The X1 solar flare is in a new active region on the sun, region 1429. It has let loose two M-class flares and one X-class . Material erupted from the sun with each flare, will likely have a weak effect on Earth's magnetosphere. Nasa solar physicist Alex Young said the flare 'could give us a bit of a jolt'. However experts warned solar storms can be devastating, and flares may be a preview of the sun's activity next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12212986", "title": "Dilapidated structures continue to mock VNN efforts", "text": "VARANASI: Is the Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN) only completing paper work and not showing enough will power to demolish a long list of dilapidated and dangerous old buildings in the city? While the recent collapse of one of the old buildings at Bhosle Ghat has sent alarm bells ringing, the reports of VNN suggest that it is still going at snail's pace to start the demolition process.While the list of dilapidated and dangerous buildings has grown to 149 (it was 145 before start of monsoon season in 2011), the efforts to demolish these buildings are lacking and the repair and renovation work has also failed to enthuse interest.The VNN had come up with a list of 145 dilapidated and dangerous buildings before the start of monsoon season and four more buildings were added in the list after heavy rainfall in the month of September last year. Out of them, the maximum number of 35 dangerous structures is in Kotwali zone, closely followed by 28 in Chowk area that comprises serpentine gallies and old parts of the city leading to world famous ghats. Similarly, Dasaswamedh (22), Jaitpura (17), Bhelupur (14), and Chetganj (12) areas in the city also have dangerous buildings, with most of them on the verge of collapse.However, not only did the VNN fail to initiate the demolition process, the only paper work it could complete was to send notices to the house owners, asking them to repair and renovate the structures. When TOI made a realty check to gauge the status of dilapidated buildings put under dangerous category, a number of these old buildings located near Rana Mahal, Scindia, Balaji and Ramghat were found to be in a pathetic condition. The cracked and de-plastered walls along with craters and crevices on them suggested that they needed immediate attention.According to UN Tripathi, executive engineer, VNN, notices have been served to the owner of these buildings after their periodic inspection asking them to carry the repair and renovation work, but most of the building owners have moved the court and managed to get stay orders to maintain status quo in the matter. \"Similarly, a large section of these buildings are rented and people inhabiting these buildings are reluctant to vacate due to low rent, even as it poses risks for life and property,\" he added.As per reports of VNN office, out of these 149 buildings, nearly 100 are rented while more than 50 owners of these buildings are battling the matter in the court, getting stay order to maintain status quo in the matter. Similarly, around 50 buidings have witnessed repair and renovation within two month of issuance of notices served by VNN in 2011.It is also worth mentioning that as per section 330 of UP Municipal Corporations Act, 1959, if any structure (building, wall, parapet, pavement , floor steps, railing, door or window frames or shutters or roof, or other structures and anything affixed to or projecting from resting on, is in a ruinous condition or likely to fall or in any way dangerous to any person occupying, the municipal commissioner may, by written notice, require the owner or occupier of such structure to pull down, secure, remove or repair such structure to prevent all cause of danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12204831", "title": "Talk on rock sciences, saving groundwater", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Eminent structural geologist D C Srivastava, department of earth sciences, IIT Roorkee , delivered the second I C Pande memorial lecture on \"Application Computer-Graphics methods for stain estimation in rocksa\" at Panjab University.Srivastava introduced easy-to-use methods for strain estimation in rocks and showed how simple image processing techniques can be used for restoration of undistorted shapes of rock layers.S C Dhiman, chairman, CGWB, ministry of water resources, delivered the keynote address at the workshop on a \" Artificial Recharge and Rainwater Harvestinga\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12206590", "title": "Their Holi lacks colour but not fun", "text": "LUDHIANA: The festival of colours takes us away from the gloom of winter to the cheer of spring. Although Holi is about colours, for some the festival holds a different meaning. Away from the rowdy celebrations and hullabloo of the society, five city lads decided to celebrate the festival of colours - minus colours!Setting a new trend, these boys headed for the fields near Gurudwara Alamgir in Gill village and celebrated Holi singing and dancing together.''We were really bored of celebrating Holi with synthetic colours available in the market and so this year we decided to go to Gill village and enjoy ourselves minus colours. And we had the most amazing time together, said, 37-year-old businessman Harpal Singh, who is a resident of Civil Lines. He adds, ''For us Holi is not just a festival - Celebrating Holi makes us aware that there's more to life than just a flurry of colours. It's a day to be spent with loved ones, doing what one likes and not what's supposed to be done.''Expressing joy, Jaspal Singh, 38, a resident of Kidwai Nagar working as a general manager in an auto parts company, said, ''This is the best Holi we've had till date. Our celebrations included bhangra, lassi and loads of fun.''Manpreet Singh, a businessman and resident of BRS Nagar who was also a part of the group, said, ''We enjoyed so much that we've decided to celebrate the festival in a similar way every year. Everything will be the same except for the location, which will be new.''Youngest member of the group, J S Chawla, 20, a resident of Salem Tabri was the happiest of the lot. He said, a??a??I simply loved it and next time I will encourage more friends to join us.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12203460", "title": "Cong leader\u2019s ex-driver found murdered", "text": "A 22-year-old former chauffeur of a Congress leader at Pahadishareef was found murdered on Friday morning. Police said Shaik Naseer died due to multiple stab injuries. Till about two weeks ago, Naseer worked for Abdul bin Nazaz, a sarpanch. Police said Naseer was last seen at 8.30 pm on Thursday in a local cafe with his friends.\"Naseer left his residence after having dinner. When his family members tried to contact him on his mobile at around 11.30 pm, he did not take the call,\" Pahadishareef SI G Gopinath said. On Friday, Naseer's body was found with several stab injuries in Mamidipalli. According to the police, Naseer had been jobless for the last 15 days. \"We are yet to ascertain the motive behind the murder\", police said. A case under section 302 (murder) of the IPC has been booked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204139", "title": "Centre may be forced to revoke cotton export ban", "text": "NEW DELHI: Within five days of imposing a ban on export of cotton, the commerce department is looking to do a U-turn by lifting the freeze, which agriculture minister Sharad Pawar and Gujarat CM Narendra Modi have slammed.The change in position on the ban on cotton exports followed a meeting of group of ministers (GoM) headed by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee . \"We are contemplating lifting the ban on cotton exports,\" commerce secretary Rahul Khullar told a new agency.The meeting itself was the result of some tough talk by Pawar who on Tuesday complained to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , saying he was \"kept in the dark\" on the \"highly objectionable\" move. He told reporters that the decision needed ratification by ministers. A day earlier, the directorate general of foreign trade had issued an order banning exports. The Maratha strongman's statements coincided with the Congress's rout in Uttar Pradesh, Punjab and Goa, defeats that are expected to strengthen allies such as NCP.Textiles secretary Kiran Dhingra had immediately responded by saying that a GoM meeting had been convened. Even the PMO issued a statement saying that Singh had sought a review.This is the second major setback for commerce and industry minister Anand Sharma, who also handles textiles ministry as a stop-gap arrangement. In December, the government was forced to put the decision on allowing foreign retailers to set up multi-brand store on hold following opposition from within the Congress as well as from coalition partners. Even then, it was the department of industrial policy and promotion, under Sharma's charge, that had piloted the FDI proposal.On Friday evening, Sharma said the meeting remained \"inconclusive\" but a few minutes later, the commerce secretary let out the fact that the commerce department was reviewing the ban.Signs of softening of stance were visible through the day although the commerce department took a combative position saying cotton exports were at a new record. But minutes before the GoM meeting, DGFT issued a policy circular clarifying that consignments for which \"Let Export Orders\" had been issued till Sunday (March 4) will be permitted. This was meant to address criticism of policy flip-flop as traders were complaining that even those had registered for exports with the government and had contracted to supply cotton were left stranded.But with the outcome of the GoM loaded against it, the commerce department seems to have undertaken a review.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12213054", "title": "Ibobi meets Sonia in Delhi", "text": "IMPHAL: After leading Congress to a landslide victory in Manipur, chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh on Saturday met AICC president Sonia Gandhi in New Delhi. He also called on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh at his office and thanked both the leaders for their help in winning the elections.Ibobi will also meet Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , home minister P Chidambaram and Sonia's political secretary Ahmed Patel.Congress leaders here said it was a \"courtesy\" call by the chief minister to Sonia, the PM and other leaders after the victory. But many politcal observers said Ibobi's sudden New Delhi visit to meet the top Congress leaders is significant in view of the challenge to his leadership by state PCC president Gaikhangam.The newly elected Congress Legislature Party (CLP) on Wednesday had authorized the AICC chief to select the new leader. The PCC chief, who is also in the race, is camping in New Delhi along with industries minister Y Erabot Singh.Congress sources, however, said the leadership issue has already been settled by the party high command in favour of Ibobi as it was under his leadership that the party could get absolute majority and created a history in Manipur's electoral politics. This success was achieved by Ibobi despite militants - both in the hills and the valley - targeted Congress candidates and workers.But many argue that all is not well in the state Congress. \"If the high command completely trusts Ibobi, the issue of CLP leadership could have been settled on Wednesday itself. The way it is taking longer suggests real internal power tussle with some top AICC heavyweights backing Gaikhangam,\" said a political analyst.Sources said some AICC leaders want to make Gaikhangam as the deputy chief minister to counter the Naga politics played by NSCN (IM) and United Naga Council (UNC). The PCC chief is a Naga tribesman, who openly opposed NSCN (IM) and UNC.Backed by UNC, the Naga People's Front (NPF) has won four seats in the election. UNC has been demanding the integration of all Naga inhabited areas of northeast and also an alternative administrative arrangement for the Naga areas of Manipur.This theory is, however, strongly opposed by the Kuki-Paite bloc. Power minister Phungzathang Tonsing, a Paite tribal, is the seniormost leader of Kuki-Paite bloc in Manipur and he is not ready to accept Gaikhangam as deputy chief minister. He airdashed to New Delhi on Saturday to meet AICC leaders.Sources said Tonsing's argument is based on the number of tribal MLAs. Of the 14 tribal MLAs in Congress, the Kuki-Paite bloc has eight, while the Nagas has only six. Among the Naga MLAs, three have supported Ibobi. If a Naga leader is elevated to the post of deputy chief minister, the Kuki-Paite bloc will be the first one to revolt in the party -- a situation Ibobi wanted to avoid.Manipur PCC vice-president and MLA Mirabai Devi also reached New Delhi on Saturday. The most respected woman Congress leader in Manipur, Mirabai is also likely to brief AICC leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12204399", "title": "Door-to-door waste collection a success in PCMC", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has reduced the number of garbage bins by one-fifth thanks to the success of its door-to-door collection of garbage across the township.PCMC health executive officer R B Chavan said, \"Earlier, there were 1,500 garbage bins of various sizes scattered all over the city where the people dumped garbage. But, ever since the PCMC's health department began the door-to-door collection of garbage in November 2010, 300 bins have been withdrawn. To begin with, the project was implemented in two zones (A and D) of the total four zones the city has been divided into. The door-to-door collection in the other two zones (B and C) began a month-and-a-half ago.\"The areas under zone A include Chikli, Moshi, Chinchwad, Nigdi, etc, while zone B comprises Pimpri, Chicnwhad gaon, Ravet, Thergaon, Tathawade, etc. Zone C includes Bhosari, Dighi, Dapodi, Charholi, Dudulgaon, etc, and zone D consists of Kalewadi, Sanghvi, Pimple Gurav, Pmple Saudagar, Pimple Nilakh, Wakad, etc.\"The number of bins can be further reduced if the citizens start segregating garbage at source. Garbage segregation at source will reduce the quantum of garbage dumped at the depot. Also, it is cumbersome to segregate the garbage once it's all mixed up. This is just the first phase of the garbage-bin-free city project. The second phase will see garbage segregation at source,\" he said.The PCMC is planning to start a public awareness programme among citizens about the need for segregating garbage at source. \"Initially, the pilot project for the garbage-bin-free city will be implemented in two wards. We will soon identify the two wards and later conduct the public awareness campaign to ensure that the citizens segregate their garbage at home\", he said Pimpri Chinchwad city with a population of 17.5 lakh people generates around 600 tonnes garbage daily. This garbage is dumped at the Moshi garbage depot, which is spread over 80 acre of land.The PCMC has appointed two agencies for collecting garbage from households. The two agencies together cover around 5 lakh houses in the four zones. The PCMC has purchased 110 hopper autorickshaws for collecting and transporting garbage to sorting centres.Statistics So FarPopulation: 17.5 lakhNo. of households: 5 lakhGarbage generated/day: 600 tonnesNo. of garbage bins before door-to-door collection: 1,500No. of garbage bins after door-to-door collection: 1,200No. of vehicles for collecting garbage: 110", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12203268", "title": "120-day advance rail reservation from today", "text": "CHENNAI: You can book your rail ticket 120 days in advance from Saturday. The Ministry of Railways has decided to increase the reservation period for train tickets from the existing 90 days to 120.On Saturday, reservation will open for all trains starting from July 8. Railway officials also said that there would not be any bulk booking on Saturday.It is expected that the four-month advance reservation period will help the commuters who travel during festivals or summer vacation period. To ensure transparency in the Tatkal booking period, recently the railway has reduced the Tatkal booking period from 48 hours to 24 hours to prevent misuse of the facility.V J Accamma, chief public relations officer of Southern Railway, said the new system would help travellers buy tickets without depending on travel agents. \"Many people have been depending on travel agents and paying extra money for tickets for scheduled journeys like summer vacations. This new system will help them ensure they get the tickets without depending on any such agents,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "vizianagaram", "code": "12203479", "title": "Barred from writing exam, boy goes missing", "text": "VIZIANAGARAM: A Class seven student, Yashwant, went missing after the school management disallowed him from writing the pre-final exam as he failed to pay the exam fee. His parents lodged a complaint with the police on Friday alleging that the school management behaved rudely with the boy causing him mental agony. Yashwant went missing since Thursday afternoon.Sources said Survepalli Vidya Niketan, a private school, barred 10 students, including Yashwant, from writing the exam. Except Yashwant, the other boys came to the school on Thursday and cleared the dues. Sources said Yashwant was scolded by the management and he left the school after that. School correspondent Sanyasi Rao said they had no clue about the boy's whereabouts. The boy's parents later filed a complaint with the police. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12204956", "title": "Man pronounced guilty consumes poison in court drama", "text": "TRICHY: In an unexpected court drama that took the chief judicial magistrate and others by surprise, a man, who was convicted to seven years' rigorous imprisonment on Friday, swallowed insecticide in an attempt to prove he was innocent. There were a number of cases against Marimuthu alias Gopi including armed robbery.Inspector Jayaseelan from Pudukottai Commercial Crime Investigation Wing arrested Gopi after a strenuous investigation in June, 2009. Gopi had robbed a certain Rajadurai of Rs 1 lakh at Trichy's Chathram Bus Stand. Rajadurai was from Pudukottai and was waiting for a bus for home when the robbery occurred. Jayaseelan, who was then attached to Fort Station, investigated the matter, and it later transpired that the lorry driver Gopi was involved in two more cases registered at Sankagiri police station in Salem.Interestingly, even the police did not know that the judgment in his case would be delivered on Friday. Gopi who was on bail came to the court in the morning, and the chief judicial magistrate Rajasekhar delivered the judgment that sentenced him to seven years in prison and a fine of Rs 1,000. The magistrate asked Gopi if he would want to say anything, and he said he was not guilty. The magistrate then resigned to him a chamber, asking Gopi to wait for a while. Rajasekhar came again and the signed the conviction order, and the convicted all of a sudden took out a bottle containing monocrotophos from his pocket and drank it as the magistrate watched on. Soon after, a profusely vomiting Gopi was rushed to the government hospital.Jayaseelan told TOI that Gopi was a notorious criminal and that he had tried his tactic of \"committing suicide\" several times in the past so that he could get admitted to hospital instead of immediately going to jail. This method was also practised to gain sympathy from the magistrate. If he was serious about dying, he would have taken the right stuff, Jayaseelan said. In fact, the chief judicial magistrate was not impressed by his act, and the magistrate was reported to have asked the police to get the details of the progress on two other cases against him in Salem.Police Commissioner Shailesh Kumar Yadav told TOI that a case under section 309 (attempt to suicide) would be registered against Gopi after they got the medical reports. The state would still file a case as it was committed before the magistrate within the premises of the court room. The police privately pointed out the grey areas in the law whereby the accused, who was considered innocent by the law until he was pronounced guilty, was free to carry anything with him, and wondered what if he had carried a bottle of acid instead of the insecticide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12209897", "title": "Rima Kallingal gets a proposal", "text": "Actor Rima Kallingal got the surprise of her life the other day. She got a call from a stranger, obviously an ardent fan, saying he wanted to marry her.This was nothing new; what was new was that the guy kept calling her Aswathi; the name of her character in her latest release, Nidra. \"\"He was convinced that I was Aswathi in real life too. I firmly told him I was nothing like Aswathi offscreen. But he was not convinced,\"\" says Rima. At the same time, the actor takes it as a compliment that her character in the movie has made such an impact on someone. \"\"It's the best thing that can happen to an actor,\"\" she says. In Nidra, Rima plays the wife of someone who gets bouts of mental illness. Despite opposition from all quarters, she supports him, even at the cost of her own life.The actress declares that she has received several marriage proposals from fans but this one has been the craziest so far!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12203360", "title": "RS polls: Chandrababu Naidu may spring a surprise", "text": "HYDERABAD: With hectic lobbying on in the Telugu Desam Party for the two Rajya Sabha seats that will come its way in the biennial elections, party supremo Chandrababu Naidu is caught on the horns of a dilemma. As the Congress is perceived to be on the retreat nationally, Naidu is mulling about jumping on to the national scene. Towards that end, he would find it useful to nominate to the Upper House , candidates who can liaise effectively in the capital to promote the party's cause. But most of the candidates lobbying hard, score poorly on this count. In view of this, Naidu can well spring a surprise at the last moment.The dilemma for Naidu is that none of the sitting members: N Harikrishna, G Sudha Rani and YS Choudhary are articulate. Thus they are unable to represent the party's case on the floor of the House. \"The TDP chief is scouting for candidates who are acquainted with not only national politics, but also familiar with political leaders and corporate chiefs in New Delhi,\" party sources said.Though former minister Yerrannaidu,in spite of his poor oratorial skills, fits the bill partly, Naidu is believed to have asked him to concentrate on his native district Srikakulam. Here the opposition party is reeling under the impact of Jaganmohan Reddy and needs to rev up strongly by 2014. \"Yanamala Ramakrishnudu, former speaker, finance minister and legislative affairs minister is in the fray,\" said a close aide of Naidu. Yanamala belongs to the BC community. With the threat of the BCs moving towards the YSR Congress increasing by the day, by nominating Yanamala, Naidu can send a message across to the community that their future lies with the TDP, said the sources.Moneybag CM Ramesh is trying hard for an RS nomination and has apparently assured the TDP chief that he would bear the election expenses of the 24 assembly seats where bypolls are scheduled in two phases. But there is strong opposition from within because he is seen as \"too small time\" whose nomination to the RS will affect the image of the party when Naidu is thinking big.Yet another name under consideration is that of Bakkani Narasimhulu from Mahabubnagar. Bakkani is a loyal party activist for the last 30 years and has never aspired for any party or government post. Garikapati Rammohan Rao from Warangal district is also in the fray. He is the man behind the party programmes.Analysts say that Naidu is also thinking of nominating a Muslim candidate in view of national calculations. Though hotelier Mohammed Saleem is trying hard for a seat, a stronger man in the reckoning could be editor of Siasat newspaper Zahed Ali Khan.There is pressure on Naidu from the youth and intellectuals to nominate P Srikanth Reddy, an IT company owner. Besides being suave, Srikanth has the advantage of representing the Reddys and could take on Jagan against whom he contested in the 2009 polls.Naidu perceives that in the 2014 elections, it will be a straight fight between TDP and YSR Congress in AP. Incidentally, the RS seat that is falling vacant is held by Mysura Reddy. But with an increased number of MLAs, the TDP will get two seats this time around.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12203110", "title": "Two filmmakers held on charges of cheating actor", "text": "CHENNAI: Sleuths of the Central Crime Branch (CCB) on Friday arrested two film directors on charges of cheating an actor to the tune of 67 lakh promising distribution rights for the film 'Eppadi Manasukul Vandhaai'.In his complaint, Tamil Kumaran of Teynampet, actor-cum-member of the Cine Producers' Council, said P V Prasad, who has directed a film called 'Kathalil Vizhunthen,' and G Krishnamoorthy alias Kicha, director of many films, including 'Thee' and 'Bhavani IPS', had taken 67 lakh from him promising distribution rights for the film 'Eppadi Manasukul Vandhaai' starring Kumaran's son Vishwa.\"I approached Prasad in September 2008 to direct a film starring actor Nakul and paid 15 lakh and a Toyota Innova as advance. When no progress was made, I contacted Prasad who told me he was unable to concentrate on the direction due to a financial crisis,\" Tamil Kumaran told TOI.Later, Prasad took 47 lakh from Tamil Kumaran saying director Kicha would proceed with the movie and put Vishwa in the lead role. Tamil Kumaran, who was not convinced with the deal, asked that the money be returned and Prasad gave him a cheque for 50 lakh but didn't allow him to deposit it in a bank as there wasn't enough money in the account, the complaint said.In August 2010, Kicha and Prasad entered into an agreement with Crust Realtors Private Ltd for providing the distribution rights for the film, Tamil Kumaran said.\"On January 30 this year, I received a call from Prasad asking me to claim the money from Kicha as he was no more involved with the film. Subsequently I checked the status of the film's distribution rights with Gemini Labs and was told the rights had been given to Crust Realtors Private Ltd,\" Tamil Kumaran said.With his film set for release, Tamil Kumaran lodged a complaint with CCB officials who registered a case and arrested the duo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12203419", "title": "Look out for glaucoma, warn experts", "text": "BANGALORE: A study conducted in South India has revealed that 1 out of 10 persons don't know they are losing vision because of glaucoma, an incurable eye disease that can result in permanent blindness.The study conducted by Sankara Eye Hospital last year says the detection rate of glaucoma is very low in this part of the country due to lack of awareness. The findings were discussed at a meeting of eye specialists on Friday.Glaucoma is a cluster of eye diseases which damages the optic nerve - the nerve that transmits signals from the eye to the brain. There are no early warning signs and the person gradually loses eyesight. Untreated glaucoma could lead to permanent blindness.Glaucoma specialist Dr Shirish Nelivigi said: \"After cataract , this is the most common cause for blindness. But unlike cataract, glaucoma is irreversible. According to WHO, almost 605 million people suffer from it, of which 11.9 million (2.5%) are Indians.\"The only way to tackle glaucoma is thorough eye checkups and screening tests. Generally, people above 40 years face this problem and should go for regular checkups. \"Like diabetes , glaucoma is controllable but not curable,\" said Dr AV Sathi Devi, head, Glaucoma Services, Narayana Nethralaya.Who's at risk?People with a family history of glaucoma.Those with high intraocular pressure.Persons over 60 years.Hispanics over 60People suffering from diabetesThose who have used steroids for a long period of timePeople with physical eye injuriesWalk and spread awarenessBangalore Ophthalmic Society has organized a walkathon to spread awareness about the disease. The walkathon will begin from Freedom Park on Monday at 8am and will be flagged off by police commissioner Jyothi Prakash Mirji. Glaucoma week will be observed from March 11 to March 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12209873", "title": "'Our latest work is inspired from mythology'", "text": "Nolan Lewis, the founding member and guitarist of Bangalore-based old school metal band Kryptos, gets talking on musicGENRE DEBATE: People listen to different kinds of music over decades. For example, one who started out with pop might shift to Iron Maiden in their teens and to classic rock or grindcore later. There are musicians who experiment with other sounds. They try to incorporate multiple influences and it brings out something new. But then there are many who argue for watertight compartments between genres just so that you preserve the original sound of any genre. For example, 80's thrash metal that mushroomed in the San Francisco bay area was completely against glam metal. It is because they wanted to keep a signature sound that we have the thrash metal genre as we know it today.THEMES: Themes and Kryptos have always been influenced by ancient mythology, urban legends and tales. A lot of our tracks feature an interpretation of some event from history, usually playing to a heavier soundtrack. For example, the track Mask of Anubis from our latest album The Coils of Apollyon , deals with ancient Egyptian mythology where Anubis, the god of embalming. It plays out like a movie script set to music.HEADBANGER'S JOURNEY: I first met Sam Dunn, the director of Metal: A Headbanger's Journey , when he was in India for the first Iron Maiden concert. When he first told me that he is making a documentary, I wasn't really interested. And he said he wanted to meet me at the time I was standing in line at the venue, pushing and shoving to get in. I told him that I wouldn't budge from the line! (laughs). We kept in touch and he interviewed the entire band for his next film Global Metal .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12207512", "title": "Jeet all praise for Hrithik Roshan", "text": "Jeet who is in Hyderabad shooting for Ravi Kinagi's film is on cloud nine. The actor is sharing the same gym with Hrithik Roshan , who is also shooting there for \"Krrish 3\".\"I met Hrithik and Vivek Oberoi here as we are shooting at the same venue. And I must admit that both actors have no airs about themselves. Hrithik, is a little reserved and only talks to his own unit. Vivek, on the other hand, asked me who has acted in \"Sathi\" . When I said that it was me, he was all praises and asked whether the film rights can be bought. I told him that last year, I flaunted eight packs for \" Shotru\" and even showed him the pictures. I told Vivek that Hrithik was my inspiration for this. Vivek later conveyed that to Hrithik and when I showed him the pictures of my eight packs, Hrithik complemented me by saying 'Perfect abs! From now on you are my inspiration'. That was encouraging. But trust me, I haven't seen such rippling muscles on any Indian actor other than Hrithik,\" said Jeet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12209734", "title": "Woman murdered by landlord in Ajmer", "text": "Jaipur: A woman was stabbed to death while her husband and 13-year-old daughter were critically injured after their landlord allegedly attacked the family following a tiff in Ajmer district today.A minor altercation broke between Trilok Chand and his tenant Naresh, a tea vendor, this morning in Bhagwanganj area, but the fight soon turned ugly, and the landlord attacked the family, killing 34-year old Jaya, police said here.\"The reason behind the altercation is not clear so far. We have detained Trilok Chand for interrogation and ascertaining how many persons were present at the time of the incident,\" police said, adding the victim's daughter is still in critical condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12203380", "title": "Revised Master Plan 2015 is final : HC", "text": "BANGALORE: In a landmark judgment that will have a far-reaching impact on property development in the city, the Karnataka high court has stated that the comprehensive development plan drawn up for the city - Revised Master Plan 2015 - will be the final document, governing land use and zoning regulations in any area.This means the Revised Master Plan 2015, drawn up by BDA, as the local planning authority, overrides all village and gram thana maps.This verdict was delivered by Justice BS Patil in a writ petition filed by Sobha Developers Ltd against BBMP and BDA.The case pertained to BBMP's objection to the developer's proposal to cut roads at its residential project in Nagasandra. The BBMP denied permission to cut roads for laying power, water and sewerage connections, contending that a part of the project was on a naala (drain), as per Nagasandra village map.The petitioner argued that there was no naala shown in the Revised Master Plan 2015, based on which the project development plans had been approved by BDA and construction licence too was accorded by BBMP.\"This judgment implies that all development in Bangalore will henceforth have to be in conformity with the Revised Master Plan 2015,\" said Suraj Govind Raj, Anup S Shah Law Firmrepresenting the petitioner.No roadblock for buildersDevelopers and property owners across the state can heave a sigh of relief after the HC declared that the Revised Master Plan 2015 is the ultimate document when it comes to zonal and land use regulations.Local bodies have often cited village maps to deny clearances for various property development projects, notwithstanding the maps drawn up by local bodies themselves. The multiplicity of maps has bogged down several projects.\"It sets a precedent. All plans by local planning authorities will now be final, in terms of zoning and land use regulations,\" said Suraj.The court ruling renders property development easier as developers will now have to refer to one map -- the one that's in the Revised Master Plan 2015 or drawn by respective local bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12204073", "title": "Woman strangled in Patuli apartment", "text": "KOLKATA: The woman found dead in her flat in Patuli on Wednesday evening was strangled, say police. But they are yet to find a motive for the murder.Police had found two glasses of liquor in her room, one empty, the other full. There are also indications that she had sex just before she was murdered but the police aren't sure if it was forced.The victim, 39-year-old Sharmishtha Lahiri, worked with a private bank till recently. Police have found that a man, possibly a former colleague, frequently visited her flat on Pranabanda Road. She was unmarried and had rented the flat one and a half years ago.The autopsy says she was strangled by hand on Wednesday afternoon. Police were called to the site by locals who grew suspicious on seeing her door ajar. One of her neighbours had knocked on the door and when she did not respond, he peeked inside to find her sprawled on the floor.Police have initiated a case of murder on the basis of the autopsy report. \"If, in due course of investigation, we find that she was raped then we will include a rape charge, too,\" said an investigator. Police are trying to track down the person who frequented her fat.Police are yet to solve a similar murder case at Jodhpur Park a few days ago. The main suspect is yet to be arrested. Twenty-seven-year-old Baisakhi Biswas was also found dead in her flat. Her husband Riazul and infant son are missing since that day. Riazul had called police and claimed that Baisakhi had hanged herself after a quarrel but investigators suspect she was strangled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12205515", "title": "Mumbai for Me: Plan to promote open spaces for social networking", "text": "MUMBAI: Imagine being able to walk or cycle from Malad to Colaba or Chembur to south Mumbai along well-maintained walking-and-cycling tracks, with gardens and parks to view or rest in along the way. Maybe you could even stop by a beach. Sounds unreal, especially in a city like Mumbai, which offers an abysmal amount of open space to its 12.4 million residents.But this is one of the longer-term goals of the Open Mumbai plan being promoted by city architect P K Das and his team, who seek to change the way Mumbai deals with open spaces. The plan may sound fanciful but a year of research, documentation, mapping and collating statistics has gone into developing a vision that seeks to place \"people and community life at the centre of planning, not real estate and construction potential\".The team has mapped a variety of open spaces and other green zones across the city, in the bargain concluding that Mumbai sprawls across 482.7 square kilometres and not 437, as commonly cited. The team has concluded that an incredible 43%, or 208.2 sq km, of Mumbai includes green zones like gardens, playgrounds, encroached open spaces, no-development zones, lakes, wetlands and beaches. Much of this can be developed as public spaces or at least protected from land sharks; mangroves, for example, could have boardwalks for viewing or strolls.The plan seeks to link neighbourhoods to parks, walking tracks, beaches and promenades. \"It seeks to network open spaces in a way that enables and nurtures social networking. Disparate open spaces, disparate activity, disparate public life can be integrated into a comprehensive whole,\" Das says. \"The quality of public spaces a city offers its residents is a reflection of the residents' dignity and quality of life.\"An example of how an area can be interlinked is in the Juhu Vision Plan, which seeks to integrate the beach with playgrounds, walking and cycling tracks. Authorities have already begun building tracks along the Irla Nullah with MPLAD funds given by Javed Akhtar .Overall, Das's team calls for amendments and provisions to be included in the Development Plan and Development Control Regulations to facilitate a makeover in Mumbai. The plan calls for an Open Mumbai Board, made up of governmental agencies and citizens' groups, to prepare a comprehensive plan for developing open spaces, \"thereby improving the quality of life and environment of the city\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12209409", "title": "Chaar Din Ki Chandni: An utterly scrambled comedy", "text": "Don't ask who's who,what's what, and why things happen here. And your life will be much easier while watching this utterly scrambled comedy.A homage to those magnificent maestros of mirth David Dhawan , Anees Bazmi and Rohit Shetty , 'Chaar Din Ki Chandni' (CDKC) takes the theme of outrageous festivity to a new high.Characters, all 27-28 of them, are either screaming, guffawing, burping or performing one or the other bodily functions that we are squeamish about when not watching a boorish comedy.So what's this Chandni about? There's a wedding at the centre of the bustling canvas. As in Karnik's earlier comedy 'Yamala Pagla Deewaana' you'd be well-advised to focus hard on that wacky wedding because that's where the army of characters, some loud others cacophonic, congregate in a combustion of comic compulsions.Be warned. If you are allergic to toilet humour then you might find Karnik's comedy a pain in the you-know-what. To his credit Karnik doesn't let go of the sur of chaotic satire from the first to the last blast. His actors too are completely soaked in the hilarity.Anupam Kher and Om Puri as the two patriarchal heads of two demoniacally dysfunctional families go through the motions of free-falling slapstick without tripping over the jokes.The rest of the vast cast features some surprising actors, like Chandrachur Singh and Anita Raj both of whom return after quite a gap. Regrettably the tightly-packed canvas allows no room for any actor to shine beyond the cheesy lines written by Amit Masurkar and Nishant Hada.Miraculously, the love story between the star-crossed couple survives. Tusshar and Kulraj are no Romeo and Juliet. But then this is no epic love tale.The pair here is entertaining. Tusshar's Sardar act is amusing.The packaging and presentation of the comic ambience throws forward a certain quicksilver quality of humour that isn't meant for all tastes.If you like your humour ladled out on a wide palate pickled with lowbrow punchlines that don't quite make it into the realm of rollicking entertainment then gives this one a try.As far as ensemble comedies in Bollywood goes 'Char Din Ki Chandni' is spunkier more energetic than what you've probably seen in the other recent ha-ha-thons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204582", "title": "Congress's UP chief Rita Joshi quits", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rita Joshi tendered resignation as head of Congress's Uttar Pradesh unit following the party's debacle in the recently concluded assembly polls.Joshi said she made the offer to resign at a meeting with party chief Sonia Gandhi who would take the decision in due course.While Joshi has been elected to the UP assembly from Lucknow, she had owned moral responsibility for the party's defeat immediately after results were out. She told reporters that she had briefed the party chief about the results and given her views on poor performance.The resignation was preceded by rare press statements from the first family of Congress after a rout in UP. Heir apparent Rahul Gandhi said he was responsible for the defeat as he had led the party campaign, while Sonia Gandhi had spoken about reasons for defeat and listed organizational weakness as a key factor.Joshi said, \"There is need for appropriate introspection. There are many reasons...which factor was prominent has to be analyzed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12204343", "title": "Road accidents claim two on Holi", "text": "NAGPUR: Two bikers died in separate incidents during Holi celebrations on Thursday. Police said that the riders were without helmet and under the influence of alcohol. They succumbed to injuries after they suffered falls following rash and reckless driving.Ratnapal Taore (20), a native of Bela, drove his bike into the cement concrete slabs kept on the roads on the Outer Ring Road to block the site where civil work is underway. Police said Taore was under the influence of alcohol. Hudkeshwar police have registered an offence in the case.In another incident, an unidentified biker was declared dead after he suffered a fall from his two-wheeler when he ramming into the divider on the road near MIDC. Butibori police have registered an offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12205560", "title": "Lavasa chief meets CM over \u2018niggling issues\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Four months after the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) set certain pre-conditions while granting clearance to the first phase of the Lavasa hill city project, efforts are now being made to ensure that hurdles in the way of meeting these riders are cleared.On Friday, CM Prithviraj Chavan met Lavasa Corporation chairman Ajit Gulabchand in the presence of NCP chief Sharad Pawar and state officials at the Sahyadri guest house. Sources said Lavasa made a presentation to the government, in which \"nine niggling\" issues were highlighted. One of the key points discussed was the firm's request to the government to consider permitting \"transfer of FSI of non-buildable portions to buildable areas\".Chavan indicated that the state would look into the demands . When contacted, Gulabchand refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12207908", "title": "Rahul, Vikram go nostalgic on 'Hoi Choi' sets", "text": "Both the lead actors, Rahul and Vikram, were nostalgic on the sets of Debarati Gupta's \" Hoi Choi\".For two different reasons though. The film deals with a theatre group and Rahul has a theatre background. It was a trip down memory lane for him. \"Old memories came flooding back when I was shooting for this film. I play a scriptwriter-actor in a theatre group in \"HC\",\" said Rahul.He reminisced, \"Debarati has done a commendable job as a director. And with a young cast it seemed more of an adda than work for us. We had a blast on the sets.\"Vikram, who had a musical band of his own during his college days, plays a musician. \"Music is my passion. I play a musician who is into drugs,\" said the actor, who had a great time shooting for a nagar kirtan sung by Avik. \"The song is high on tempo and speaks about the complexities in a relationship,\" he said.Talking about Rahul he said, \"Rahulda helped me a lot as he knows the nitty gritty of theatre. His tips helped me shape up my character. Paoli too was a huge help.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12203709", "title": "Six innovators from state awarded in Delhi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Six grassroots innovators from the state receive awards at a ceremony at the Rashtrapati Bhavan in Delhi on Friday. Three of the innovators received national-category awards from President Pratibha Patil in the event organized by the National Innovation Foundation (NIF) of Ahmedabad.The recipients of the awards at the national category included Armutbhai Agrawat (65) from Junagad district and Artiben Vankar (80) from Sabarkatha district and Ramaji Parmar (55) from Sabarkantha district. Agrawat was given lifetime achievement award from various innovations which he decided to keep it as an open source. His innovations included a pulley with a brake which makes drawing water from the well easier, bullock carts that can be tilted for easy unloading, devices for plucking fruit and so on. Artiben, who innovated low cost yet effective pesticides from local herbs, also decided to keep her innovation an open source. The third national category award recipient from the state, Parmar, had innovated herbal medicine for skin diseases. All the three innovators received awards from Pratibha Patil.The event which handed out 46 awards to innovators from across the country in different categories also had three recipients from Gujarat at the state level. TNNMogjibhai Damor (60) from Dahod district was awarded for his herbal medicine for the treatment of animal bone fractures. Nattubhai Vadher (45) from Surendranagar received an award for his device for picking cotton balls from the plants and Bikhabhai Suparia (55) from Bhavnagar received an appreciation award for his innovative techniques of cultivation to protect plants from pests without using pesticides", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "12204840", "title": "Yashpal Arya frontrunner for Uttarakhand CM's post", "text": "DEHRADUN: Uttarakhand governor Margaret Alva on Friday said, \"The Congress has staked claim as it has the required number for the formation of new government. When they (Congress) will elect their new leader, I will invite them to form the government.\" There was no clarity on who would become CM. Sources said Yashpal Arya was the frontrunner, though the names of Vijaya Bahuguna and Harak Singh Rawat were also doing the rounds.Arya, the Bajpur MLA, is Congress's dalit face in the state, Rudraprayag MLA Rawat was the opposition leader in the last Uttarakhand assembly and Bahuguna is MP from Tehri.The Congress leaders drove to Raj Bhavan to present the letter of support to Alva two days after 32 Congress legislators unanimously adopted a resolution authorizing Sonia Gandhi to nominate their leader. AICC in charge of Uttrakhand Virendra Chaudhary said the party would nominate the CLP leader within two days in consultation with Gulam Nabi Azad. Barring Bahuguna, four other MPs - Harish Rawat (Tehri), Satpal Maharaj (Pauri), K C Singh Baba (Nainital-Udham Singh Nagar) and Pradeep Tamta (Almora)-were not in the team of Congress leaders that met the governor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12204370", "title": "Low impact strike in city as buses ferry school children", "text": "PUNE: The call for a state-wide strike of school bus operators received a low response in the city on Friday, with most buses plying as usual. Later in the evening, the bus operators announced in Mumbai that they had called off the strike.While some schools have their own buses, private bus operators were not keen on joining the strike because of the examination schedule and the fact that it is the end of the academic year. Another solace for parents was that school vans and autorickshaws also did not participate in the strike. There are over 8,000 autorickshaws and vans which ferry schoolchildren. Attendance of students in most schools was normal, the heads of various schools said.Bus operators in Pimpri-Chinchwad had decided on Thursday that they would not join the strike because of the ongoing examinations of SSC and HSC students.In Pune, too, the response to the strike was low. About a hundred buses which ferry children in the cantonment area plied normally. There was no official comment on the strike situation as Baba Shinde, former RTA member and president of the Maharashtra State Goods and Passenger Transport Association, is on a foreign visit.Vijay Shelar, a private bus operator of Bishop's School, said, \"We are functioning as usual because this is a crucial time for students, who have their annual exams going on. If we had gone on a strike, it would have put more pressure on them. However, we do feel some of the government stipulations are unjustified. For instance, it is not possible to have women attendants in every bus.\"Another bus operator said that although some demands of bus operators are justified, this is not the time to go on a strike. \"The government should be given some time to resolve the issue and a decision about the agitation could have been taken during the start of the next academic year,\" he said.Mukesh Lalwani, a working parent, said, \"We haven't had any problems so far. The school bus picked up and dropped my child. The previous strike was troublesome, but there have been no complaints this time.\"Deepali Deshpande, whose daughter studies at the Vikhe Patil Memorial School, said, \"The school bus operators have been co-operative, so far. However, if the strike continues next week it might just get a little difficult.\"Although school buses plied normally, some parents did not take a chance. Gajendra Patil, a parent, said that he dropped his two children to school and went to work after that. He said he had asked one of his friends to take the children home. \"Parents are facing inconvenience due to this agitation. The government as well as the bus operators should reach an understanding and resolve the issue.\"The DAV Public School was shut on Friday because of the strike. School principal Jayshree Venkatraman said, \"Most of our students avail our bus facility and the strike would make it difficult for students to get to school. Plus, the annual exams are on and it would be unfair to further burden the students.\"Preeti Desai, principal of Jyotirmay International School, said, \"We had kept attendance optional for students on Friday, since many students come from far.\"Ruby Lahiri, head mistress of Rewachand Bhojwani Academy School, Pune, said, \"The attendance was normal on Friday, because we are not entirely dependant on private operators. We have our school buses and this has helped mitigate the effects of the strike.\"Frank Freese, principal of Bishop's School, said, \"We haven't been affected by the strike. In fact, 92% of the students came to school on Friday. This is mainly because our students either come in cars or avail of autorickshaws and vans.\"Member of the Pimpri-Chinchwad students transport union Gulamali Bhaldar said that buses plied as usual because the union had decided not to participate in the strike because of the examinations. However, he said that many of the demands of the bus operators are justified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12208185", "title": "Big B describes Rahul Dravid\u2019s long cricketing career", "text": "The just-retired Rahul Dravid, gentleman and thinker of the game drew applause not only from his cricketing counterparts but even from the glam Bollywood fraternity, especially grand daddy Amitabh Bachchan who described Dravid as \"true gentleman, selfless, affable and most reliable .. he deserved greater glorification\" in his tweets. Here's a roundup of outpourings on Twitter when Dravid announced his retirement.Amitabh Bachchan-\"Rahul Dravid retires from test Cricket .. a true gentleman, selfless, affable and most reliable .. he deserved greater glorification\"Poonam Pandey-\"utter stupidity to describe Dravid in 141 characters...words fail me..I can just salute you ...and keep doing it all day .sad :(\"Mahesh Bhupati-\"Congratulations Rahul Dravid. Champion on and off the field, showed us all that sky is the limit with hard work, patience and discipline...\"AB De Villiers-\"Congrats to Rahul Dravid on an amazing career! You will be missed. Fantastic person and Cricketer! \"Luke Wright-\"Rahul Dravid- What a true legend of the game! Think all bowlers around the world will be relieved!!\"Shah Rukh Khan-\"They say sports serve society by providing vivid examples of excellence.To me the most vivid &amp; dependable has to be Rahul Dravid.\"Alec Stewart-\"Rahul Dravid is one of the all time greats of the game. One of the top 5 batters I played against. Lara Sachin Ponting Kallis the other 4.\"Anupam Kher-\"Cricket once was a Gentlemen's game &amp; Rahul Dravid Personified tat.Thanks Rahul for enriching our lives.You'll Never retire in our hearts.:)\"Sundar Raman-\"Rahul Dravid - an inspiration and example for sports fraternity across the world. Thank you for entertaining us all these year.\"Michael Vaughan-\"Rahul Dravid retires.. The worlds most respected cricketer over the last 20 yrs.. LEGEND..\"Suresh Raina-\"Wall for team but a shoulder for team mates. Impregnable for opposition, motivation fr us. That's Rahul bhai. Got my ODI &amp; Test cap frm him.\"Chris Gayle-\"Rahul Dravid will be missed\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12203117", "title": "Diploma in consumer protection", "text": "CHENNAI: A one-year diploma programme on consumer protection will be offered by the Tamil Nadu Dr Ambedkar Law University, both in the distance education mode and as part-time programme, starting September 2012.This initiative comes as a result of an endowment chair on consumer protection law created at the university from an MoU between the institute and the Union ministry of consumer affairs. Governor K Rosiah unveiled the MoU on Friday. Established at a cost of 94.45 lakh, the endowment chair will receive funds of 85.01 lakh from the ministry while 9.44 lakh would be contributed by the university.The chair is intended to create public awareness on the benefits of the Consumer Protection Act. The process of selecting a suitable candidate for the endowment chair is in progress, university vice chancellor V Vijayakumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12204685", "title": "No clarity on Sena-MNS deal yet", "text": "NASHIK: Three MLAs, the regional general secretary and local leaders of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) left for party chief Raj Thackeray's Mumbai residence, Krishnakunj, on Friday afternoon, party leaders said. They are said to be going there to convey their best wishes to the party chief on the occasion of the party's foundation day, but sources refused to reveal whether Matoshree was on their agenda.The three MNS MLAs, Vasant Gite, Nitin Bhosale and Uttam Dhikale, regional general secretary Atul Chandak, and other party leaders left for Mumbai at 2pm on Friday to wish party chief Raj on occasion of the party's foundation day. Sources in the party said the MLAs would also be visiting Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray to decide the kind of support they would be getting from the Sena. \"If our party chief asks us, we will go to Matoshree, otherwise our seniors and MLAs will accompany our chief. It all depends on what our chief decides,\" a source said.One of the MLAs said a meeting with the Shiv Sena supremo was likely but Raj Thackeray would decide when the meeting would be. \"We are expecting support from the Sena, but the picture is unclear at present, as there is no clarity on whether the Sena will give us outside support or ask for a power sharing deal. Only a proper meeting will clear things up,\" said a senior MNS leader. He added that the Nashik mayor, however, will be from the MNS. \"We will be informed about the candidate soon,\" he explained.The delegation left soon after the forms for the mayoral and deputy mayoral candidates were submitted by aspirants at 2pm to the municipal secretary at the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12203688", "title": "Travel agents barred from booking Kingfisher tickets", "text": "MUMBAI: Travel agents across the country were barred from booking tickets on Kingfisher flights from Friday after International Air Travel Association (IATA) suspended the airline from the global carrier-to-carrier account clearing system on Wednesday.The Geneva-based IATA, a body formed by international airlines, suspended the airline for non-payment of dues. By morning, tour operators' bid to book Kingfisher tickets was termed \"invalid\" by the global system. The suspension by IATA translates into another step down the survival ladder for Kingfisher as almost 70%-80% air tickets are booked either through tour operators or online portals. It also means Kingfisher cannot continue code-sharing with other airlines and use the IATA facility, which allows flyers and agents to book connecting flights on the carrier's partner airlines. Besides, Kingfisher will not be able to avail of the billing and settlement plan ( BSP) used by agents to book and refund tickets.But the Kingfisher issued a statement saying it had made alternative arrangements. \"The airline has made alternative arrangements to ensure that customers can continue to book their travel via select leading travel agents and their network partners. They can book tickets via our websites or through ticketing offices and call centers,\" the airline stated. \"This situation has arisen as a consequence of our bank accounts having been frozen by tax authorities.\" Describing the development \"temporary\", the airline added their tickets could be booked through tour portals.Tour operators are disgruntled by the development. \"We cannot buy Kingfisher seats. It is a blow as people have started booking for summer holidays,\" said Rajesh Rateria of Cirrus travels. Experts said even a temporary suspension was likely to blemish the airline's image. \"People are already avoiding Kingfisher due to cancellations. With this, its image is maligned further,\" an agent said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12204459", "title": "12 arrested for brawl on Holi", "text": "PUNE: Tension prevailed near Naidu Hospital on Bund Garden Road on Thursday morning after two groups entered into a fight while playing Holi.The group thrashed two men and pelted stones. The Bund Garden police have arrested 12 people after both the groups lodged cross complaints.According to the police, the incident took place around 11.45pm. Both the groups lived in the same premises and knew each other. While playing colours, the 13-year-old son of complainant Pravin Chavan poured colour on his neighbour Mahesh Pardeshi, following which Pardeshi thrashed him. Chavan went to Pardeshis's house to confront him. Pardeshi and his relatives then thrashed Chavan and hit him with stones. The police arrested Pardeshi and three others in the incident.Later, Chavan and his relatives thrashed Pardeshi and pelted stones on his relative's house. The police arrested Chavan and seven others also.Another incident took place in Pimpri on Thursday afternoon, wherein the suspects ransacked a stall on Ambedkar Chowk in Pimpri. Police inspector Sarjerao Gawde reached the spot and intervened. The police detained some suspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12204276", "title": "Delhi woman loses Rs 14 lakh in lottery fraud", "text": "NEW DELHI: A south Delhi resident was duped of Rs 14 lakh when she fell for a fake lottery offer. Sonia (name-changed) had received an SMS on New Year's Eve, which said she had won 1 million.A series of emails and phone calls from Delhi, Mumbai and the UK followed. She readily gave all the details she was asked for. Then she was asked to pay Rs 32,000 as fist instalment as clearance fee. That was just the beginning. She realized she had been duped after depositing around Rs 14 lakh in different accounts across the country.Sonia had returned home last year after working in the UAE with as a PR executive with a multinational company. She spent all her lifesavings, FDs and even her parents' money in this. And when she fell short of money, she took a bank loan to pay the fraudsters.But she realized she had been duped only after she approached the Reserve Bank of India. She sought help from the crime branch. The Economic Offences Wing of the crime branch has registered a case of fraud under Section 420 of the IPC.A senior cop said on condition of anonymity, \"People should understand that they cannot win a lottery of one million pounds sitting in Delhi or any other city for that matter. These mails and messages should be ignored or reported to us. No one should divulge any personal details to strangers who use the internet to cheat people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12204725", "title": "Nagzira pitches for new conservation plan", "text": "NAGPUR: In a paradigm shift from keeping complete control when it come to managing parks, the Nagzira Wildlife Sanctuary on Friday turned over a new leaf by involving locals in protection of wildlife and forest.To ensure that benefits of conservation also help the locals, the park management handed over 10 tents meant for tourists' accommodation to the 14-member Pitezari Eco-Development Committee (EDC), which would now rent out the tents. However, facilities like Lata Kunj, Nilay, Madhu Kunj and Holiday Homes would continue to be managed by the department.Pitezari, a tribal village in Sakoli tehsil outside the sanctuary gate, is mostly made up of marginal land holders, who depend on the forest for employment and day to day needs. The village puts huge biotic pressure on the adjoining 152 sq km Nagzira sanctuary and surrounding forests by extracting minor forest produce (MFP) like gum, mahua, tendu etc.\"A rough estimate says the 150 huts in the village extract over 1.5 tonne fuelwood daily (540 tonnes annually) from the forest,\" says EDC president Chopram Bhalavi. He adds, \"The micro plan for the EDC hopes to bring employment opportunities and curb pressure on forests now.\" For Pitezari, a Rs1.90 crore micro plan for three years is ready.The 10 tents have been named after popular birds like hariyal, shikra, bulbul, navrang, mayur and trees like palash, jarul and amaltas found in abundance in Nagzira. There are 30 beds available in these tents, each available for Rs 200 per day. The EDC will also supply breakfast and food.On Friday, the facility was inaugurated by Gita Kapgate, chairman of women's and child welfare committee of Bhandara Zilla Parishad. Conservator of forests (CF) for Gondia wildlife division MS Reddy and assistant conservator (ACF) RM Saraf were also present. Saraf said more such EDCs will be set up in Mangezari and Thadezari villages.EDC member Umraj Neware says earlier villagers were reluctant to form the committee until Reddy read out the GR and explained the idea to them. Five years ago the park had procured 20 tents that were gathering dust.\"We have made use of the tents by setting them up in two-acre premises near the entrance. We had no money to start with, but the forest department provided us with ready infrastructure. A five-member panel of village youth has been formed to look after the sankul,\" Neware said.EDC member Kewalramji Uikey said the department should close down the holiday homes and some accommodation facilities inside the core area if it really wants to strengthen the EDC.Pune-based Unison Private Limited, which is preparing ecotourism plan for Vidarbha, has already said that accommodation facilities inside Nagzira are not up to the mark.Reddy says, \"It's true that the tents at Pitezari will click only if tourists are not allowed to stay inside. We hope the new sankul will generate employment in future. Almost 80% of the income will go to the locals through the EDC.\"He said the EDC didn't have money but the members contributed through labour. To ease pressure on the forest, the department will take up dairy development, supply eco-friendly chulhas and solar cookers by giving 75% grants. Plans are also afoot to help local youths purchase Gypsies for safaris through bank finance and give them vocational training at Gondia ITI.Bhalavi said that if all goes well, the EDC will promote organic farm produce. \"I'm confident that EDC will plough back profits to help locals,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12208011", "title": "Arun and Pavai's wedding party", "text": "It was the perfect evening to celebrate togetherness.In this case, as Arun and Pavai took the very first steps towards marital union, their friends and well-wishers came together to wish the duo all the very best for a happy future together. Arun looked classy and cool in his funky spiked haircut and coordinated pointy shoes. On the other hand, his gorgeous lady love Pavai was dressed immaculately in a traditional lehenga choli, which was covered with intricate embellishments. The pair looked dazzling in each other's company and were the centre of attention at the soiree. The guests comprised a pot-pourri of high-flyers from various walks of life, who had made their presence felt in a very welcome manner. Here's looking forward to the big day for this duo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12203754", "title": "DGPs, chief secys' meet on NCTC may end in deadlock", "text": "NEW DELHI: As non-Congress CMs are trying to forge a common ground against the setting up of the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC), the scheduled meeting of DGPs and chief secretaries on Monday is likely to end in a deadlock amid indication that the dissenting CMs will not budge from their stand that the matter could be resolved only at a political level.Main opposition BJP, Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik and Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa have clearly stated that the issue should be discussed with the CMs in a meeting before taking any final decision. Hence, the meeting of officials may be a mere formality.Though the states did not object to the official-level meeting, the final decision on the participation of those from the non-Congress states may be taken by their respective CMs.\"Some of them had objected to the earlier scheduled meeting on March 9 due to Holi and we had, therefore postponed it to March 12. None of them have, so far, expressed their inability to attend the meeting on fresh date on Monday. So, we assume that they will attend it,\" said a senior home ministry official.He, however, admitted that it would be difficult to predict at this juncture whether all of them - specifically the non-Congress CMs - would attend the meeting.The Opposition parties - mainly BJP - have stated that the issue relating to powers and functions of the counter-terror body would be raised by them during the Budget Session of Parliament, beginning March 12.It is believed that even if the states are sending their representatives for the Monday meeting which is to be chaired by the Union home secretary R K Singh, the protesting CMs' stand will cast its shadow over the gathering.Admitting that the Monday meeting may not end the impasse over the operationalization of the NCTC, officials in the home ministry, however, said that they were prepared to discuss finer points of the powers and functions of the counter-terror body that had drawn criticism from CMs. They also said that the issue, in any case, would be discussed with the CMs when they assemble here for a Conference on internal security on April 16.Ten CMs, including Gujarat's Narendra Modi , Bihar's Nitish Kumar and West Bengal's Mamata Banerjee , had in February written to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh saying that the powers given to the NCTC tantamount to infringing on the federal structure of the Constitution as its mandate would encroach upon the jurisdiction of states over 'law and order'.Although the Union home minister P Chidambaram had written to these CMs stating that NCTC would merely be given \"bare minimum power\" for operational reason under the existing Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and states would be in loop at every stage, his arguments have failed to pacify them.Both Patnaik and Jayalalithaa had written to the PM the second time after receiving Chidambaram's letter, insisting that the Centre should discuss the issue threadbare with the CMs. Chhattisgarh CM minister Raman Singh has even suggested calling a meeting of National Integration Council (NIC) to discuss the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12206374", "title": "Tension in Kainchi Chhola over man's death", "text": "BHOPAL: A day after the alleged death of a 30-year-old man in the police custody, angry relatives of the deceased resorted to chakka jam by keeping the body on the road on Friday. The relatives were demanding that a case be booked against the cops for the death of deceased, Shyam. The police reportedly resorted to lathi-charge.The deceased, Shyam, who was a resident of Kachi Chhola, was arrested on charges of ffray while playing Holi with Akash Soni on Thursday. Onlookers alleged that the police had beaten him all the way from his house to the police station. Shyam reportedly succumbed to injuries in the police station. Officials said Shyam was taken to a private hospital when his condition deteriorated and he died while undergoing treatment.After his death, the police registered a counter-case against Shyam. The body was handed over to the family members after the autopsy. They demanded registration of a case against the policemen responsible for the death and suspension of town inspector of the Chhola Mandir police station. Later, the police force present on the spot resorted to lathi charge to disperse the mob.CSP Rashmi Mishra said, \"The deceased and Akash, one with whom he scuffled, sell tea and snacks in trains. They had a fight while playing Holi wherein Shyam sustained head injuries. He was taken to the hospital where efforts to save his life proved futile.\" Mishra also denied having used force to disperse the mob when they agitated after getting the custody of the body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12206395", "title": "Congress takes potshot at Kailash over water quip", "text": "INDORE: The Congress party on Friday condemned minister for industries and information technology Kailash Vijayawargiya's statement on water wastage during Holi festival.The Madhya Pradesh Congress Committee spokesperson, Narendra Saluja, in a press release, said the BJP minister had tried to give a communal colour to the 'save water campaign' during the festival.Vijayawargiya's had earlier questioned the need of saving water only during holi when there are 364 days in a year to do so. He also had asked as to why such issues erupt only during Hindu festivals and not during festivals like Eid.\"The minister must realize that by saving water during Holi festival, we will have enough water to sustain during summer,\" Saluja said, adding that the BJP minister's effort to give a communal colour was uncalled for.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12204598", "title": "Young, vibrant Pune beckons international artistes", "text": "PUNE: Bryan Adams, Edward Maya, Markus Schulz, Flo Rida, Albin Myers, T-Pain , Susheela Raman - all have one thing in common, besides their connection to music. They have all performed in Pune in the last one year. On March 10, Grammy award-winning artiste and producer DJ David Guetta, too, is all set to make the city groove to his beats.Some of the performers, like Adams, have said that \"the crowd in Pune was more enthusiastic than that in Mumbai\".Says Nishikant Joshi, director of an event management organization, \"Artistes have suddenly become open to the idea of performing in Pune. The Bryan Adams act ushered in a new era. International artistes have realized there's more to India than just Mumbai and Bangalore.\"In recent times, the city missed out only on two major acts - one by the lords of metal, Metallica , and the other by the woman who is making the world go gaga over her, Lady Gaga .The disappointment of Akon coming to Pune and not being able to perform has been washed away by the surge of other artistes who are making a beeline for the city.Event organizer Vikas Mehta says, \"Pune has grown. It is now on top of the list for international artistes and vying with other metros. Maybe the proximity to Mumbai also helps, as artistes who perform in Mumbai can easily make a detour and perform in Pune, too.\"One reason that the city has suddenly become a hotspot for international artistes could be that it has a thriving youth culture. Youngsters from across the country, as well as from abroad, come to study in Pune.This is the segment that event organisers are tapping into.Tushar Kamat, head, events division of a township in Pune that brought Bryan Adams last year and is bringing in David Guetta in a few days' time, says, \"These artistes, like David Guetta, have a mass following among the youth. This is the kind of music that is played in pubs and lounges. When such an artiste is brought to the city, it's a dream-come-true for the fans. In fact, the Guetta show was sold-out eight days ago.\"He goes on to add, \"The Adams show had as many as 22,500 people. This sent out a very positive signal to the international market. In fact, we are looking at bringing in Enrique and Shakira some time soon.\" So, even as event organizers bring in names like the band Meshuggah , or Flo Rida or even Susheela Raman - not exactly household names - they know that the gamble will pay off.Some organizers believe that one of the reasons these shows are taking place could be that people have more spending power today than say, five years ago. Tickets to any of these events range between Rs 1,000-Rs 10,000. Despite this, almost all the shows are jam-packed. \"For a good show people are no longer afraid to dig deep into their pockets,\" says Joshi.Artistes, too, find Pune a tad different. And, therein lies the charm. Other metros, such as Mumbai and Bangalore, have been hosting such shows for quite some time. So, maybe the novelty has worn off. For Pune, these kind of shows are something new. Their enthusiasm translates into sold-out shows and makes the event special for the artiste, too, feels Joshi.Earlier, organizing a show on such a huge scale was considered near impossible. But, now with a cooperative police and administration and budding entrepreneurs, such shows are a reality.Says Kamat, \"The civic authortities have been very supportive. They do everything they can to issue licences and permits. These shows help the tourism industry too. For example, people are coming from Mumbai for the Guetta show. Naturally that will give a boost to the service industry.\"And, last but not the least, the big advantage the city now has, is the venue. With so many new, bigger and better venues that have come up in recent times, these concerts can be organised on a large scale without the fear of overcrowding.Palash Barman, who attended the Bryan Adams show, says, \"The venue added to the event. There was ample parking space as well as well-planned enclosures. It was a huge crowd and could have become chaotic, but the organizers managed the show well.\"So, Pune music lovers have every reason to expect the performer of their dreams in their city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-10"}
