{"city": "chennai", "code": "14972632", "title": "Move over viagra, new drug to beat bedroom blues", "text": "CHENNAI: It's not always that the release of a drug is celebrated by many, particularly men. A drug that was released in India last week is the recent in the list of drugs that has a cure for erectile dysfunction. The manufacturers say udenafil, which will be marketed under the brand name Udezire, will be long-acting, but with minimal side effects.Erectile dysfunction (ED) is an inability to achieve or sustain an erection suitable for sexual intercourse. Sexologists say at least 10% men in India may have to use these drugs at some point. Studies have shown that 40% of men up to the age of 40 years have ED and it goes up 70% by 60 years.The commonly prescribed drugs for the disorder in India are sildenafil (Viagra) and tadalafil, which belong to a category called phosphodiesterase type 5 drugs. Now, Zydus, a pharmaceutical company, has got exclusive permission to sell udenafil. The drug is manufactured by Korea-based Donga-A pharmTech Co. Ltd., and is being used in a dozen countries.The last drug for the disorder was introduced nearly five years ago in the market. \"Most of the existing drugs have side effects. While sildenafil puts pressure on the user to complete intercourse within four hours, tadalafil that lasts for nearly 17 hours causes back pain and headache in some users. Manufacturers say the effect of the new drug will last up to 12 hours, without much side effects,\" said sexologist Dr D Narayana Reddy.Male sexual arousal is a complex process that involves the brain, hormones, emotions, nerves, muscles and blood vessels. Problems in any of these can cause erectile dysfunction. Stress and mental health problems can also cause erectile dysfunction. \"In some people it could be a combination of physical and psychological issues,\" says Dr Reddy.Manufacturers say they will market the drug through senior psychiatrists, andrologists, sexologists and diabetologists. In 80% of erectile dysfunction cases, physical factors such as drugs, blood flow abnormalities, nerve impulse abnormalities or hormonal abnormalities are the causes. Patients with high blood pressure and diabetes are also at risk of having erectile dysfunction. Physical causes of erectile dysfunction include heart disease, clogged blood vessels, high cholesterol, high blood pressure, diabetes, obesity, alcoholism, smoking, Parkinson's disease and other medical condition. Psychological causes of erectile dysfunction include depression, anxiety, stress or relationship problems.The new drug will be priced at 575 per tablet, a little lesser than Viagra . \"We expect to have 20% of the market share in one year because our survey reveals there is a fatigue with old drugs,\" said Zydus Pharma senior vice-president O P Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14987848", "title": "Three stars coming together in Ganga Jamna Saraswati", "text": "Three big star of Bhojpuri cinema Ravi Kishan, Nirhua and Manoj Tiwari are coming together for the first time in Producer Alok Kumar 's next film 'Ganga Jamna Saraswati'.The entire shooting of this film is complete and post production is in progress.Other stars in this film are Rani Chatterjee , Rinku Ghosh ,Pakkhi Hedge, Anup Arora, Maya Yadav, Vijaykrishn Chaturvedi, Santosh Srivastva , Anil Nagrath ,Mushtaq Khan and Tinu Verma . Item queen Seema Singh and Tasleem are doing a special song.Rajesh Rajnish is the music director of this film . In this film Manoj tiwari ( Ganga ) is playing the role of a police inspector. Ravi Kishan ( Jamna ) and Nirahua ( Sarswati Chandra ) are the common men. Source: bhojpuritrade.blogspot.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "14974129", "title": "Police raid Garo National Liberation Army hideout, one arrested", "text": "SHILLONG: A person was arrested at a village on the Assam-Meghalaya border for allegedly providing shelter to Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) militants in his house after a special police team carried out a raid this morning.The police said that acting on a tip-off, its Special Weapons and Tactics team carried out the raid in a house at Songmegap village, which was being used as a hideout for GNLA militants.The rebels, however, escaped amid heavy firing from both sides.Several documents were recovered from the house in which the militants had taken shelter, the police said.The GNLA is an outlawed organisation in Meghalaya with a stronghold in the three western Garo tribal districts. They are involved in kidnapping and extortion besides killing of security forces and civilians in these areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14972821", "title": "Money lender held for abetting suicide of ICF employee", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested a money lender, Mannivanan alias Madhu, on Sunday on charges of abetting suicide of an Integral Coach Factory (ICF) employee and are on the lookout for another.Police said 44-year-old %S Sathyamoorthy, a welder at ICF, hanged himself at his house in GKM Colony in Kolathur on Friday night. He left behind a suicide note alleging that money lenders were humiliating him and his wife for delay in repaying 65,000. \"I and my wife are being harassed badly despite paying interest for the last seven years. Manivannan and Manoharan are responsible for my death,\" said an investigating officer quoting the suicide note.Police said Sathyamoorthy was upset on Friday. Though his wife Revathy asked him the reason behind this, he did not say anything. When Revathy had gone out to buy grocery, Sathyamoorthy hanged himself. Preliminary interrogations with Manivannan revealed that the trio was friends. \"Sathyamoorthy had borrowed 2.50 lakh from them and failed to repay 65,000. It was for this money that Sathyamoorthy was harassed,\" said Kolathur inspector Suresh Kumar.\"Even two days before his death, the money lenders abused my sister-in-law. They often telephoned and harassed my brother. They charged exorbitant interest rate for the money they lent,\" said Murugan, Sathyamoorthy's brother.Police sent his body for postmortem to Government Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital and later handed it over to his family members. Based on the victim's statement, police arrested Manivannan of Bhagavathy Amman Koil Street, Kolathur.Although the AIADMK government had introduced a law against usury in 2003, it has failed to curb the menace, with many such cases being reported across the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14974642", "title": "Girl assault puts safety in focus", "text": "GUWAHATI: The incident of a young girl being molested by youths in full public view last Monday has put the spotlight on the safety of girls in the city. While some people are of the opinion that the administration needs to be stronger, others feel, minors should not be allowed inside bars and liquor shops and these shops should be close down permanently. Besides, parents should keep a tab on their children.Niroda Devi, principal Cotton College said, \"The incident is indeed very shameful and this is a pestering issue plaguing the society. A lot of girl students have to go out on a regular basis. So it is the whole society's responsibility to look after their safety. If everyone comes forward in protest, our girls would be safe.\"Incidents of violence against women are not new in the city. Before this, there were other incidents too, which put a question mark on women's safety in the city. In November 2007, Laxmi Orang's modesty was outraged. Then on January 2010, a Mizo woman was publicly assaulted by some miscreants and then in May this year, a woman was tortured at a police station.Besides, in June this year, Borkhola legistor, Rumi Nath was assaulted by goons.Incidents of domestic violence and dowry harassment are also reported frequently in the city in the past few years. Monideepa Borkotoki, member Assam State Commission for Women (ASCW) said: \"The commission receives a lot of complaints of assaults due to dowry, alcohol and property related issues. Although it is said that the dowry related cases are less in the state, but the commission receives cases from different communities.\"According to the reports of the ASCW, around 169 cases of atrocities and violence on women were reported in 2008. The commission received 30 complaints in 2006, the least number in the last 10 years. The data shows that the total number of such cases reported to the commission from 1994 till the last annual report in 2010 was 1305.Manju Bora, acclaimed film maker said, \"The situation has changed for the bad in the Northeast in the last few years. Now it's not that peaceful as it used to be earlier. Till a few years ago, there were not so many bars and discos in the city, but now I find a lot of teenagers hanging out near liquor shops.\"\"Besides, today people are too concerned and preoccupied with themselves and even if there is something wrong happening right in front of them they do not protest. That is because, we remain far too busy in our own lives to look into the problems of others,\" she said.A few local residents said police should have been more active and the miscreants should have been arrested on the spot. Ritamoni Baishya, warden Handique Girls' College hostel said, \"Even if the girl was in inebriated state, no had the right to strip and assault her. I feel police should have reacted quickly and arrested those miscreants then and there. From now on, the administration should arrange for more patrolling in the state.\"\"It us always the women who are considered soft targets and this is quite evident from the rise in the incidents of chain and jewellery snatching that occurs more frequently here. So, the police and administration should ensure safety of women soon so that such an incident doesn't happen again,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14983983", "title": "Katrina Kaif to renovate her house", "text": "Ushering in her 28th birthday today, with a slew of big projects on the anvil, Katrina Kaif may be spoilt for choice when it comes to her professional life, but the city's harsh realty scene has left her strapped of options when it comes to a new home. A reason why, she is giving her Bandra apartment a makeover.In June last year, we reported about Katrina's house hunt. With her top floor flat in Guldev Sagar on Waterfield Road, Bandra, suffering from serious seepage problem during the monsoon, she had said she wanted a new place, preferably before the rains this year.It's been almost a year now, and Katrina has given up her search. In fact, we found out quite accidentally that she is redoing her top floor flat when we spotted a series of vans off loading tiles, marble, granite and other such building material at her 3-BHK apartment for the past few days.Katrina confirmed the news saying, \"I am renovating my house. That involves almost everything - the floor, upholstery, curtains, wall paint, almost everything.\" She revealed she has entrusted the job to one Soni Tanna, a professional interior designer and a family friend, whom she knows since the last six years.And unlike most other actors who shift to five-star hotels in the neighbourhood during such times, Katrina has no such immediate plans. She will continue to stay in Guldev Sagar, where work gains momentum later this week. \"The water leakage problem which I faced over the years has been solved. The apartment has been water-proofed,\" she said.Interestingly, Katrina had earlier told a section of the media that she always wanted a sea-facing house. \"It's been one of my dreams to own a flat overlooking the sea. I want something a bit more secluded and private,\" she had famously said at the time. And we hear she did check out quite a few flats in the past 18 months or so, mostly in Bandra at Carter Road and in the Pali Hill area, and even some plots in Juhu Scheme where she was planning to build a bungalow.So what made her change her mind? \"No new house for now, at least for sometime,\" she replied. However, TOI has it, the real reason she abandoned her house-hunting spree is that, the flats she saw in Bandra did not meet her expectations. And as far as the Juhu bungalow is concerned, she dropped the idea as that neighbourhood has been plagued with water problems for the last eight months.Besides, there is also the paucity of time. Said Katrina, \"I have still to shoot for Yashji's film. Then I start with Dhoom 3 . I cannot devote any more time to shortlisting homes.\"All we can say is that with some rather eventful birthdays in the past few years, it remains to be seen what this one holds. \"I haven't decided what I'll do but I'll go out somewhere for sure,\" Katrina said, clearly not in a mood to reveal her plans for her special day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14969062", "title": "Krishnan Sasikiran bounces back with win over Baadur Jobava", "text": "CHENNAI: Krishnan Sasikiran put his first-round defeat behind him when he outplayed Baadur Jobava of Georgia in the second round of the ACP Golden Classic chess tournament in Amsterdam on Sunday. The Indian Grandmaster won with black in 43 moves to regain lost ground in the seven-player event which old time control and adjournments have been restored.Vassily Ivanchuk of Ukraine scored his second consecutive win when he beat Liem Le Quang of Vietnam and emerged the sole leader. In the third game, Gata Kamsky of US and Emil Sutovasky of Israel split the point in 32 moves.Sasi played an attacking game in the second round against Jobava, who took risks and made some mistakes on the kingside in the early middle game. After castling on the kingside, the Georgian went on an overdrive when he pushed his kingside pawns.Sasi broke through the knight file and got a chance to have a close look at the rival king by move 30.By combining his rooks and Queen, the Indian cornered Jobava's king and threatened to win material and also posing mating threats. Ivanchuk played a technical game in Slav Defence against Liem with black and broke through the centre with clinical precision.The Ukrainian won two pawns in the middle game and then created a passed pawn in the kingfile. After 40 moves, the pawn had no answer with the support of queen and Liem resigned.Emil Sutovsky played his first game on Sunday after taking a bye in the first round. He faced Gata Kamsky in the second round in Ruy Lopez. In an interesting variation in the middle game after 32 moves, the players realised that there was no progress for them in the game and agreed for a draw.Points position: Vassily Ivanchuk (Ukraine) 4 pts, Gata Kamsky (US) 3, Anna Muzychuk (Slovenia) and K Sasikiran (Ind) 2 each, Emi Sutovsky (Isr) 1, Baadur Jobova (Georgia) and Liem Le Quang (Vietnam) 0.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14968436", "title": "US business community worried about India\u2019s investment climate: Barack Obama", "text": "WASHINGTON: Industry captains have said it. Economists, including the government's advisers, have said it and taken it back now and then. The government has accepted it in parts and resolved action. Now, in the first such observation from a foreign head of state, US President Barack Obama indicated it might be time for India to implement \"difficult reforms that are necessary\", given the stagnation in investment and job creation.In an interview to PTI, Obama was careful not to be directly critical of the negative investment climate in India but cited the concerns of the American business community to make his points. Many in the American business community have expressed concerns that the investment climate in India is deteriorating, he said. \"They tell us it is still too hard to invest in India. In too many sectors, such as retail, India limits or prohibits the foreign investment that is necessary to create jobs in both our countries, and which is necessary for India to continue to grow.\"While applauding India's growth even in difficult times worldwide, he said, \"there appears to be a growing consensus in India that the time may be right for another wave of economic reforms to make India more competitive in the global economy.\"Slow growth reflection of global slowdownWhile pledging support for India as it \"makes the difficult reforms that are necessary\", US President Barack Obama stressed that India had lifted tens of millions of people out of poverty to create one of the world's largest middle classes and the call for reforms should be seen in the context of its \"incredible growth and development in recent decades\".\"Indian innovation is an engine of the global economy. And even with the recent challenges, the Indian economy continues to grow at an impressive rate. The Indian people have displayed a remarkable capacity to meet India's challenges,\" he said.Sounding positive about the Indian economy, \"which continues to grow at an impressive rate\", he said that to some extent, India's slower growth is a reflection of the larger slowdown in the global economy. Refraining from prescribing any solutions, he said, \"it is not the place of the United States to tell other nations, including India, how to chart its economic future. That is for Indians to decide.\"Describing PM Manmohan Singh as \"my friend and partner with whom I have worked closely\", Obama said he valued the insights of the Indian leader at various international fora including the recent G20 meeting in Mexico.He said at the G20 they agreed that one of the best things they could do to get the global economy growing faster was to renew the focus on growth and job creation in their own countries. \"That's my priority in the US. Of course, one of the most effective ways we can create jobs is to continue expanding trade and investment, including between the US and India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14972479", "title": "Bailancho Saad urges government to protect women's rights", "text": "PANAJI: An NGO, Bailancho Saad, condemned the molestation of a minor girl by a mob outside a pub in Guwahati and joined the nationwide demand to arrest the culprits and give exemplary punishment to the guilty. In a press release, the NGO said that the increasing trend across the country of \"attacking women\" is a serious cause of concern and, therefore, demands from governments, strong measures to protect the rights of women.Stating that the same kind of lumpen, hoodlum misbehavior was organized by Ram Sene in Karnataka some time ago where women were molested and assaulted in the name of culture, Bailancho Saad decried the Goa government's response to the threat of Ram Sene entering the state, which has made its intention clear about its violent anti-women culture.\"Will the government follow the same principle of allowing a gang of robbers, who made their intention public, to come to the state and commit burglaries? Will it then decide to act after people are looted and murdered?\" Bailancho Saad convenor Sabina Martins asked. She pointed out that with no strong deterrent action against the perpetrators of crime and the violators of law, they are becoming emboldened and brazenly vocal about their threats. \"Is the Goa government waiting for the women to be molested by the Ram Sene men?\" Martins asked.Bailancho Saad called upon all women to equip themselves to deal with any assault as the response time and action by the police is very slow. Saad said that women have a right to self defence and can hit back where it hurts to protect themselvesBailancho Saad also condemned the Khap panchayat's decision to ban the use of cellphones by girls, and to prevent women below 40 years of age to go out to the market. These objectionable decisions violate human rights and take away the rights won by women, the Saad said. \"Bailancho Saad urges people to oppose and fight the regressive trends surfacing in the country in the name of culture as they violate human rights,\" Martins said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14968971", "title": "Robots at IIT-Bombay may help you in home chores", "text": "MUMBAI: Researchers have been striving to bring us dwellings manned by robots, but in reality the vision has remained firmly in the realm of science fantasy movies.Now, a nationwide competition at IIT-Bombay, E-yantra, will feature robots programmed for several activities. The premier engineering institute plans to upload the knowhow so that students and even small-scale industries can use the information.Robots coded to clean dust, fill potholes, detect objects and pick up fruits by identifying their colour, are the four themes that 120 teams from across the country will work on during the competition.\"Open source empowers small-scale units by freeing them from the costs of expensive proprietary software licences and forms the basis of low-cost manufacturing of electronics gadgets,\" said Prof Kavi Arya, from the computer science and engineering department, who conceptualized the project with Prof Krithi Ramamritham.The E-yantra website will feature the designs of all robots at the contest. \"Participants can develop a robot that can detect an explosive simply by adjusting the sensors,\" added Arya. He said the competition has been designed to get students involved in such projects. \"We want to train students in solving real-life problems. The best way was to engage them in a competition instead of just holding workshops,\" added Arya. Students from several disciplines can participate in the robotics competition by logging on to the website. The last day of registration is July 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14972983", "title": "Food safety norms for roadside eateries to come into force", "text": "CHENNAI: Taking up the cause of food policing, the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) has come out with a set of guidelines for roadside eateries and fast food shops in the country and sent it to the National Food Safety Authority.If implemented, street food vendors will be forced to adopt better hygienic practices.All mobile and fixed roadside eateries will come under the purview of guidelines under IS 2492, the hygiene standard for restaurants. Quality of raw materials for food preparation, transportation and storage of food items, locations of street food stalls, etc will be checked under the new guidelines. Currently, street food vendors do not adhere to any guidelines or standards for food safety. Many of them are situated near drains and dustbins. Even the cooking oil is procured from eateries which sell their used oil to roadside vendors. And the food is stocked in shabby conditions, putting at risk the health of consumers.K Anbarasu, deputy director general, BIS southern region said hygiene in densely populated areas is still a challenge for health initiatives. \"The new guidelines and storage rules for water, milk, tea or coffee powder, fruits, vegetables and the meat is expected to bring an important change in street food operations,\" he said.\"The kitchen utensils and cutting tools should be clean and disinfected. Personal hygiene of vendors will also be checked. Use of newspapers for packaging will be stopped,\" said a BIS official.BIS officials said food inspectors from local bodies should enforce these guidelines mandatorily for thousands of such shops in the cities. However, senior officials in the Chennai Corporation said there is a huge shortage of manpower in the food safety and control department. \"We are short of staff to even conduct inspections based on written complaints. Without appointing adequate officers, it will be difficult to enforce the new guidelines,\" said a senior official.In Chennai, majority of the poor depend on street food as restaurants are beyond their reach. Sumesh Jha, a construction labourer who has been staying in Chennai for four years, says he gets a chicken biriyani for Rs 35 from a street vendor in Egmore. \"When I get 350 for a day's work, how can I spend 100 or 150 for a biriyani from a restaurant?\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14972526", "title": "Couple with Rs 30L pay seek free schooling", "text": "CHENNAI: Can a couple, earning Rs 30 lakh per annum as salary between them, demand admission and free education for their child in a neighbourhood school under the 'weaker section' category as per the Right To Education (RTE) Act?No, is the Madras high court's answer.Justice K Chandru, rejecting the claim of a child's mother, said: \"If it is accepted, it will do violence to the object of the RTE Act and the quota meant for the children belonging to the disadvantaged group and weaker sections will be cornered by persons claiming relief under the category of social and economic backward classes without exclusion of creamy layers.\"Priyanka Rajkumar, a software company manager, earns Rs 12 lakh per annum, while her husband, who is a chief technology officer, has an annual income of Rs 18 lakh. Noting that they belonged to a backward class community, Priyanka Rajkumar approached the court saying their son should be admitted to the Bharathya Vidya Bhavan's Rajaji Vidyashram under the RTE Act. As per the Act, every school is mandated to fill up at least 25% of the total intake with candidates from weaker sections in the neighbourhood.Though the school had received the application for admission under the category, the parents were later informed that the management had filled 54 seats under the free category from among 91 applicants from weaker sections. One of the means adopted to admit students was drawing of lots in the presence of the school managing committee and an MLA.Assailing the rejection of seat to her son, she preferred the present writ petition, saying admission by random does not mean drawing of lots and that it should not have been done without a notice to her. Also, her child belonged to a socially and economically backward class notwithstanding their income of more than Rs 30 lakh annual income. As far as Tamil Nadu is concerned, there is no concept of creamy layer among the communities identified as socially and economically backward, it was submitted, adding: \"The fact that they are earning more than Rs 30 lakh cannot be used for denial of admission.\"Justice Chandru, rejecting the arguments, pointed out that the term 'weaker section' had been defined as a child whose parents or guardians having an annual income of less than Rs 2 lakh, said: \"If that was the intention of the state that the child whose parents' or guardian's annual income is less than Rs 2 lakh, then it is unthinkable for the petitioner, whose family income is more than Rs 30 lakh, to contend that without any ceiling limit, they should be admitted under the category of disadvantaged group.\"Approving of the lot system followed by the school, the judge also appreciated it for having adopted a 'transparent procedure' in admitting the children under the 25 per cent quota. \"Since the school has done something even beyond the RTE Act, they are to be appreciated for the gesture shown,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14971090", "title": "Hubli gives rousing reception to Shettar", "text": "HUBLI: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar was given a rousing welcome upon his arrival at the city -- for the first time after taking oath as the CM -- on Sunday.Thousands of party workers and people received him when he landed at the airport here at 11.30am by a special flight. Police gave him a guard of honour.Shettar, seated in a decorated open tempo, was taken in a procession through the main thoroughfares of the city. Hundreds of well-wishers flocked to the streets to catch a glimpse of their beloved leader, while he waved at them. Hundreds of others watched the procession from atop the buildings, while the privileged ones offered him bouquets and flowers, congratulating him.The procession, amidst bursting of firecrackers and beating of drums, passed through Hosur Road, KC Circle, Ambekdar Circle, Sarvodya Circle and other places before reaching his residence at Madhurai Estate in Keshwapur here.Shettar's wife Shilpa Shettar, MP Prahlad Joshi, BJP district president Mahesh Tenginkai, minister Basavaraj Bommai accompanied the CM. Before reaching his residence, Shettar garlanded the statues of Sindura Lakshmana, B R Ambedkar, Basaveshwara and Sangollil Rayannna.At his residence, the CM received bouquets from well-wishers who waited in a long queue since morning. The Shettar couple was treated to a spread of curd rice, pulav, motichur laddu for lunch.Food was provided for visitors too. Post-lunch, Shettar visited Kalburgi Mutt, Siddharoodha Mutt, Hanuman Temple of Keshwapur, Siddeshwara Mutt of Byaridevarkoppa and called on writer-activist Patil Puttappa at the latter's residence.MLAs Chandrakanth Bellad and S I Chikkangowdar were conspicuous by their absent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14973539", "title": "Guwahati molestation: Accused reporter resigns", "text": "GUWAHATI: The TV news reporter, accused by Team Anna member and Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) leader Akhil Gogoi, of instigating a mob to molest a teenaged girl, resigned on Sunday from the news channel he was working for.The reporter, Gaurav Jyoti Neog, also resigned from the primary membership of the Electronic Media Forum Assam (EMFA). \"I have become a victim of conspiracy. The law should take its own course and justice needs to be done. The visuals of the incident on July 9 were taken to identify the culprits,\" said Neog.The forum on Saturday demanded forensic examination of the raw footage to authenticate the involvement of the journalist. \"The visuals presented by Gogoi were not sufficient enough to substantiate all claims made against the concerned journalist as being the instigator. There is a possibility of the footage being doctored as it was an edited DVD format,\" said the EMFA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14971975", "title": "JVM to support Pranab Mukherjee for President\u2019s post, Ansari for Vice President's post", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik (JVM-P) believes efficiency and capability matters most when it comes to election for top constitutional posts like the President of India. The party said the reason why it chose to support UPA nominee and former finance minister Pranab Mukherjee over NDA nominee P A Sangma is his competence in discharging constitutional responsibilities, efficiently.\"He (Pranab Mukherjee) is not merely a senior politician of the country, he has discharged his responsibilities with proficiency, so far,\" said Marandi here on Sunday.Marandi said his party never differentiates people on parochial lines. \"Direct election of chief minister and Prime Minister is the best way to elect a leader impartially without any bias with regards to caste and creed,\" said Marandi.He also said initially the party had considered supporting former President, A P J Abdul Kalam for the Rashtrapati Bhavan but when Missile man opted out of the race it resolved extending support to Mukherjee.\"Remember 85 per cent of the Hindu populace preferred Kalam for the post of India's President in a survey conducted in run up to the Presidential elections,\" said Marandi talking to the press at Rajendra Vidyalaya auditorium.Responding to a query, the former chief minister, Marandi said: \"Corruption allegations by Anna Hazare and his team against Mukherjee have not been proved yet.\"When asked about his party's stand on Vice Presidential candidature, Marandi said JVM will go with the UPA nominee, Hamid Ansari.\"Ansari's current term was satisfactory and he deserved a second term in the office,\" said Marandi who was here to attend the party worker's meet of Jamshedpur West Assembly constituency.Taking a potshot at the present dispensation in the state, Marandi said: \"Munda and his two deputies (Sudesh Mahato and Hemant Soren) are the most corrupt members in the present cabinet.Marandi said his party has convened ameeting of the senior party functionaries including MLAs and MPs on July 17 in Ranchi to decide on the date for a massive public rally against corrupt Arjun Munda government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "sandy", "code": "14994457", "title": "Gangjee finishes 29th at Utah Championships", "text": "SANDY: Indian golfer Rahil Gangjee had a fine weekend with rounds of 68 and 69 to finish tied 29th in the Utah Championships on the Web.com Tour, previously known as the Nationwide.Gangjee made the cut in 50th position and rose over the weekend.Doug LaBelle fired a final round of three-under 68 to take the title at 15-under and one shot ahead of four others who were at 14-under.They were James Hahn , Scott Gutchewski, Sam Saunders and Michael Putnam , who had led after three rounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14971237", "title": "Japan summons envoy to China over island spat", "text": "BEIJING: Japan's ambassador to China Uichiro Niwa left Beijing for Tokyo to discuss the rising acrimony between the two countries over the disputed Diaoyu Islands in the East China Sea. Tokyo is also angry over some remarks made by the ambassador, which run contrary to his government's official position on the dispute.Niwa caused a political storm in Japan when he said in an interview to the Financial Times in June that Tokyo's moves to \"nationalize\" the islands would lead to an \"extremely grave crisis.\" He was responding to the Japanese government's move to buy the islands, which is at present owned by a local businessman.On returning to Tokyo, Japanese foreign minister Koichiro Gemba instructed Niwa to properly explain Japan's stance to China over the disputed Senkaku Islands in the East China Sea, following recent intrusions by Chinese vessels into Japanese waters in the area, according to Japan's Kyodo news agency.\"We'll send him back to Beijing soon after he finishes his job,\" Gemba said. Japan is disturbed by the increased movement of the Chinese navy on the East China Sea, and what it regards as intrusions in the Japanese territory.The tussle between China and Japan intensified in recent weeks after the Japanese government said it would buy the island. The Chinese foreign ministry reacted sharply saying Tokyo has no business to do so because it is owned by China.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14987626", "title": "MindTree's Q1 net profit up by 28.6%", "text": "BANGALORE: Software services exporter MindTree posted a 28.6% jump in net profit to Rs 89 crore for the quarter ended June 30 compared to the preceding (March) quarter led by a foreign exchange gain of Rs 8.6 crore.The company's revenues grew 7.1% to Rs 563 crore in the same period.In dollar terms, the Bangalore-based firm's revenue was flat at $105.5 million, while net profit grew 21.3% to $16.7 million.Commenting on the results, CEO Krishnakumar Natarajan said, \"The global demand environment continues to be challenging as customers are cautious in their IT spending. However, with our strategic initiatives, we expect to achieve Nasscom's current industry estimates for the current financial year. Our margins have shown consistent improvement over the last four quarters and we will continue to focus on operational efficiencies as we move forward. Given the progress we have made, we are embarking on multiple initiatives to enhance our competitiveness, that will elevate us to the next level.\"The company added 272 people (gross) for the June quarter taking the total headcount to 10,830 people. MindTree has 245 active customers.The company has added one client each in the $10m and $1m categories.MindTree has been chosen as an application development partner for a large US bank.The mid-sized IT player has sharpened its focus on existing clients and increased their share of wallet spends by cross-selling services. The company's revenue grew 9.2% CAGR over the last 4 quarters, said a report by brokerage firm Prabhudas Lilladher. The IT firm's strategy to focus on specific verticals and leverage on domain expertise has paid off, say analysts tracking the sector.Recently, VG Siddhartha of Cafe Coffee Day increased his stake in MindTree to 22% from 18% through a block deal worth Rs 120 crore. He bought 15.6 lakh shares from Walden Software Investments at Rs 610 per share recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14990313", "title": "British Council invites applications for IELTS scholarship", "text": "British Council invites applications for the British Council IELTS Scholarship Award 2012. Eight successful winners will receive an award of Rs 3,00,000 each towards the cost of tuition fees. Winners will be required to begin a full-time postgraduate programme at any overseas university that uses IELTS as a measure of English language proficiency as part of their admission process. For further details and application forms visit www.britishcouncil.org or a British Council office in India. Interested students, who meet the application criteria, may send in their completed applications to the British Council by 29 July 2012.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14968888", "title": "School transport to come under Regional Transport Office lens", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Regional Transport Office is all set to start a drive to streamline school transportation in the city. Under the drive, to be launched shortly, school vehicles including vans and buses will be checked for safety norms and the necessary permits.\"Though we are checking vehicles at this point of time also, within a couple of days we will start a massive drive and intensify it,\" said Sanjay Nath Jha, ARTO (enforcement), Lucknow. Last Friday, at least five school vehicles were seized by the enforcement officers for unauthorised operation. The vehicles were either operating without the mandatory school permit, which is needed to operate a vehicle as a school vehicle, or had their permit expired and due for renewal.RTO has run similar drives, on a larger scale, earlier too. But, it's the huge gap between the follow up action, which has almost undone the impact created by the drive then. The officers agreed that the action should have been more consistent. This time around, RTO will focus on all the schools of the city from Monday morning. The officers are not spilling the beans about which schools they will start the drive from, as that might keep defaulters off-road during the day.RTO has ordered on earlier occasions that vehicles more than 15-year-old should not ply as school vehicles, as they tend to get physically unfit. The unfit vehicles jeopardise the safety of school children and hence it is the collective responsibility of drivers/owners of vehicles, parents who send their children in such vehicles and schools that allow such vehicles to function as a means of transportation for their students, to keep a check on plying of unfit vehicles. But, so far this collective effort has been missing.The drive aims to check vehicles on safety parameter - which means vehicles should be physically fit, have proper number of rods in their windows, have safe LPG/CNG cylinders and have trained and experienced drivers operating them. Besides, the drivers shouldn't over-load the vehicles.On the other hand, RTO has reiterated its appeal to the parents to verify antecedents of school vehicle, which they have fixed for transportation for their children, Call up RTO office at 2436445 in case parents come across any anomaly, check permit and fitness details of vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14995057", "title": "Pratyusha's love for dance", "text": "Pratyusha Banerjee aka Anandi of 'Balika Vadhu' is on a high! This dusky beauty who rose to fame with her character is now the part of much talked show 'Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa 5' on Colors.She says, \"I'm so happy to be the part of JDJ. To perform in front of Madhuri Dixit , Karan Johar and Remo D'Souza is almost like a dream come true.\". She adds, \"I enjoy dancing and it is fun to learn so many new forms of it with this show. Infact I always wanted to do a dance reality show. With this, I want the audience to meet real Pratyusha.\"Although, JDJ is not an easy affair, she shares, \"It is not easy as the challenges are getting high and higher. People are saying that I've lost weight and it could be the case as it is not easy juggling between daily soaps and JDJ. Soap shoot and dance rehearsals, it drains me out. It somewhere is affecting my health too - but, dance is giving me a new high and I'm enjoying it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14970224", "title": "Pump operators get less than minimum wages in the district", "text": "MANGALORE: As per the government notification of 2011, the minimum wage of pump operators in gram panchayats has been fixed as Rs 5,624 per month. However, a majority of them in Dakshina Kannada district get a remuneration much below that.Many pump operators, who have more than 10 years of experience, are paid below Rs 1,500 per month. To bring to the notice of the authorities concerned, the plight of nearly 2,000 gram panchayat workers including pump operators, bill collectors, clerks and sweepers the Karnataka State Gram Panchayat Workers Association (KSGPWA) held a protest in front of zilla panchayat office recently.Association general secretary Jayarama Master told TOI that a majority of the gram panchayat workers in the district were underpaid. \"Nearly 1,500 gram panchayat workers work for less than Rs 2,000 per month, which is much below the minimum wage fixed by the government,\" he added.A Mohammed (name changed), a pump operator in Amtadi gram panchayat in Bantwal taluk, said, \"I am working here for the past 10 years. I get only Rs 1,000 per month even now. I am struggling to make the ends meet every month.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14973115", "title": "City Of Angels, A race against ignorance", "text": "AHMEDABAD: To a casual onlooker Rajesh Panchal may seem like an ordinary veteran athlete practicing every morning on the tracks in Sardar Patel Stadium in the city. One will, however, need a truly large heart if one was to follow in the footsteps of this marathon runner.Even as he is approaching the end of the fifth decade of his life, sports remains Panchal's first love. A new flame though is changing his life and those of a number of slum children, who have added a suffix to his name 'sir'.Panchal, who he rarely relinquishes a chance to participate in marathons anywhere in the country, owns a metal fabrication factory. The turning point in his life came just six months back.His domestic help often brought her young daughter Neha to work. Watching the little girl help her mother moved Panchal. \"I asked her some basic questions to gauge her knowledge. I was quite taken aback because even though Neha was a student of grade V, she was unable to even recognize English alphabets,\" said Panchal.The experience saw the teacher in Panchal rise to the occasion. He took it upon himself to educate the little girl. \"I asked her to come to my house every evening and began teaching her the basics,\" he added.This kind move by Panchal had a very surprising ripple effect. Many other slum children, who stay in the same locality as Neha, started coming to \"Panchal sir's class\". Today, the class has 35 slum children and is growing.No wonder, as has jogs down every morning, many morning walkers and athletes approach him with a request. \"They want to do their bit. They want to contribute, sometimes with books, sometimes with clothes or toys. All help is most welcome because these initiatives taken by commoners never fail to bring smile on the little faces that gather at my house everyday,\" said Panchal.What's more, his philanthropy, which literally began at home, saw his wife Kamini joining him soon enough. Now, Kamini ensures that all her domestic chores are over by 6.30 pm. She then joins her husband in bringing the light of education to these children's lives.\"These children are very inquisitive. They want to know all about everything. And, I need to be extra prepared for these days to ensure that I satisfy their urge for knowledge,\" said Panchal.He and his wife often take their \"students\" for outings to melas and book fairs, hoping to fire their ambitions and launch their careers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14971356", "title": "V Somanna hits back at governor", "text": "MYSORE: Minister V Somanna on Sunday took potshots at governor H R Bhardwaj for his remarks that some 'tainted ministers' had been inducted into the Jagadish Shettar-led ministry.\"I've not done anything wrong. My political opponents have made (corruption) charges against me. Terming me 'tainted' is wrong and the governor should understand this,\" he told reporters after meeting Shivaratri Deshikendra Swami of Suttur mutt.Somanna, who is appointed Chamarajnagar district in-charge minister, said he was not particular about any portfolio.\"I will ask the chief minister to visit Chamarajanagar,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14974507", "title": "National Commission for Women team leaves Guwahati to report to Delhi immediately", "text": "GUWAHATI: The two-member National Commission for Women (NCW) team, which was in the city to probe the GS Road molestation incident, left the city on Sunday afternoon, cancelling a meeting with chief minister Tarun Gogoi scheduled for Sunday evening.The sudden departure of the team has even left the Assam State Women's Commission (ASWC) surprised. Earlier the team, comprising NCW members Alka Lamba and Wansuk Syiem along with ASWC members, met the victim of the G S Road molestation case on Saturday and suggested setting up of a special fast track court for trial of the accused in the case.\"We were supposed to meet the chief minister on Sunday at 6 pm. But the national team left the city in the afternoon. They said they had to leave as they had to report to Delhi immediately,\" said ASWC chairperson Meera Barooah.The national team did not leave any instruction for the state body. \"They have not instructed us. But we believe the commission will act soon,\" said the chairperson.Even Krishak Mukti Sangram Samity (KMSS) general secretary and team Anna member Akhil Gogoi was supposed to meet the NCW team and hand over a CD containing some video footages of the incident. \"We wanted to submit a CD of the footages of the culprits to the NCW team as an evidence for their investigation. But when we reached the place they were staying here, we found that they had left,\" said Akhil.Noted actor and writer Akashitora said, \"We are very surprised that the NCW team left the city after such a short visit. Despite the heinous crime committed against a young girl, it is surprising that the team has left only after a day of investigation.\"On Saturday, the NCW team met the victim at the Assam police headquarter. The team also visited the bar where the incident occurred on Monday night and expressed dissatisfaction over the slow action of the city police.\"There were loopholes in the law and order situation here and thus, such an incident could occur. For 45 minutes, there were no police at the site even as the distance of the nearest police station was only a five-minute drive. As long as the culprits remain at large, they are threat to society,\" said Lamba in a press conference on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14970037", "title": "Highways minister urges states to issue quarrying licences to meet raw material need", "text": "NEW DELHI: Worried over scarcity in supply of stone and sand for construction of roads and highways, the Centre has asked chief ministers of five states to intervene and issue quarrying licences to contractors. Highways minister CP Joshi has appealed to the CMs to treat the highways sector as \"special category\" for issuing \"necessary\" quarrying licence.Sources in the highways ministry said Joshi has written to CMs of Punjab, Haryana, Bihar, Jharkhand and Tamil Nadu where road projects have been affected. He said contractors were facing problems in procurement of \"stone and sand\" and that the recent bans on renewal of existing quarrying licences had aggravated the situation. Joshi also said that this would impact the planned target of highway construction in these states.The minister mentioned around 36 highway stretches in these five states and also forwarded an estimated requirement of raw material for these projects. Contractors need 2.84 crore tonnes of sand and stone for 12 projects in Haryana. In Bihar, 1.12 crore tonnes is required for seven projects while eight projects in Tamil Nadu need 3.57 tonnes construction material.Sources in National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) said the estimates were prepared by officials and their chairman had taken up the issue with the minister. They added that contractors had pointed out this problem in their meetings with NHAI chief R P Singh. \"We have been receiving complaints from a few other states such as Karnataka and Rajasthan. But it's no so acute there,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14980358", "title": "Muslim organisations ask UPA to take minority quota seriously", "text": "LUCKNOW: The executive committee of the All India Muslim Majlis-e Mushawarat (AIMMM), an umbrella organisation of Muslim organisations, has called upon the Congress-led UPA government to file reply at the earliest in the Supreme Court on minority quota issue to show its commitment towards secularism.The AIMMM notes that the central government was never serious about its 4.5% sub-quota for minorities under reservation for other backward classes (OBCs). The hasty action was struck down by the Andhra Pradesh high court because the central government failed to defend it and the similar thing is being repeated in the Supreme Court, states the resolution passed by the AIMMM executive committee held recently.The resolution further stated \"The Central government should come out of its slumber and adopt the recommendations of the Rangnath Mishra Commission in order to end this vexed issue once and for all. The AIMMM notes that the intention of the central government is not trustworthy as it is clear from its reluctance to file reply to the Supreme Court's query regarding the exclusion of Muslims and Christians of SC origin from the SC list by an executive order since 1950. The AIMMM calls upon the central government to file its reply at the earliest in order to show its commitment to the secular bases of our constitution and polity and end this shameful illegal discrimination for ever\".a", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14989508", "title": "Role of technology in education", "text": "Access to online facts and research is not increasing the risk that students are graduating without foundational knowledge in a subject. We are living in a knowledge-based society where technology acts as an enabler and as a tool for empowerment. Technology has changed the way education has traditionally been disseminated, changing the dynamics of the entire teaching and learning process in the classroom and beyond.It is through technology that distances can be bridged and education can be brought to the students doorstep. A student from the northeast can learn about what is happening in a Delhi University classroom. A student from a remote village in any part of India could get quality material to study.Earlier students would study through books, one source, but with ICT and web-based learning, access to more material on the same topic has widened. There is an urgent need for the poor to get easier access to technology and enjoy its benefits. The coming decade would be the decade of ICT. Changes in technology, not just ICT, but radio and TV as well, could take the Eklavya of the Mahabharata and make him do better than Arjun.We have been a witness to the positive results of students who study through the web-based mode. Students can study at their own pace; they can access quality material from any part of India. Students can read, re-read material at any time of the day without having to think twice.The web has all kinds of information. It is up to students today to synthesise the information and use it accordingly. Sometime ago, a study was conducted in different colleges to measure what had the maximum impact on students when it came to studies. The study assessed the teacher-student relationship, student-student relationship and the role of the study material. Surprisingly, it was the study material which had the maximum impact on students.Technology, while spearheading a revolution in the sphere of education, has also posed a unique challenge. The biggest challenge that we face today is to create more open resources for a better learning process. MIT has already created courses for students. We also have to find ways to create open sources for students.Learning SolutionsAs part of the Vodafone Foundations Mobile for Good programme and its strategic focus on education in India, the Vodafone Foundation in collaboration with Pratham Education Foundation, today, announced its commitment to provide learning solutions for over 50,000 underprivileged children across India.Vodafone Foundation has committed Rs 140 million to provide the Learning with Vodafone Solution across 1000 schools in India over the next three years. A successful pilot project has been conducted in schools across Karnataka and Vodafone Foundation looks at building on this and replicating the same success in Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra and Delhi. The solution offers digital educational content aligned to the prescribed curriculum, SMS multiple choice tests, etc.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14969080", "title": "Poor sanitation leaves Sec 29 residents fuming", "text": "GURGAON: The delay in garbage collection is becoming a major source of problem for those living in Sector 29 in Gurgaon.The residents have written to the HUDA for expediting the process of garbage clearance, which is scattered all over the roads %in the sector, but they claim that it did not yield any %result.The approaching monsoon has made the situation worse. \"The piles of garbage attract numerous pigs and during monsoon, especially, this becomes the breeding ground for diseases,\" said Smita Tripathy, a resident.As per the HUDA policy, the private contractor is required to collect the garbage in the colony to ensure better maintenance of roads. \"But in our colony, the garbage is left untouched for days altogether. Now with the rains, a strong stench is emanating from the place, making life miserable for residents,\" said Tripathy.Meanwhile, in Sector 4, residents are fed up with the shoddy work of sanitation contractor. The RWA general secretary, Amit Arora, said, \"In monsoon, the HUDA must instruct the private contractors to collect the garbage on time, without fail. The payments to private contractors should be immediately stopped if they fail to do the work properly.\"Residents in some sectors are upset with the poor condition of the roads. \"The big potholes in the roads are a major nuisance and becomes a source of nightmare for motorists,\" said Brij Lal Gupta, a Sector 23 resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14970148", "title": "Hooda\u2019s Rs 1 cr gift to village for coming out against female foeticide", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the khap mahapanchayat in Bibipur passed a resolution terming female foeticide a \"heinous act\" and demanded slapping of murder charges against those involved in the practice , Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda announced a grant of Rs 1 crore for the village's development.Hooda said he hoped other khap panchayats would come forward to launch a mass movement against social evils. \"The initiative taken by Bibipur village (in Jind) and khap panchayat will usher in a new social change not only in Haryana but also in the entire country. More villages and khap panchayats should come forward to condemn female foeticide,\" an official statement said.The chief minister said although the state government had enforced the PNDT Act and a number of schemes to check the menace, the issue needed wholehearted support of people. He said the initiative taken by the khap and women of Bibipur would prove to be a step forward in the direction of \"social change\".The khap panchayat's support for such a move comes at time when Haryana is trying to improve its sex ratio. According to the 2011 Census, Haryana had 830 female children per 1,000 male children.Moreover, this is also seen as a move by khaps to repair their \"anti-women\" image. In the past, khaps in Haryana and other parts of north India have claimed that \"families\" and \"relatives\" have taken extreme steps against youngsters in love defying \"social practice\" and that they had never issued any order against these couples.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14968864", "title": "North corporation to rebuild banquet hall", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost a year after partially demolishing the Shehnai banquet-cum-eatery, the cash-strapped corporation has suddenly realized its worth and plans to rebuild it.In 2009, the erstwhile MCD had floated tenders to re-open the hall on Asaf Ali Road in the Walled City after it was closed in 2007 following a court case. But it did not get much response and the corporation last year decided to demolish the hall to make more space for parking in the area.However, after TOI reported about the crumbling condition of the underground parking, MCD decided to first auction 240 cars dumped there for almost a decade and then revamp the parking. Despite lieutenant governor Tejendra Khanna's intervention, the dumped cars never made their way out of the parking.\"After identifying the cars, a reserve price had to be fixed by the SE auto department of the corporation. The department needed to check the condition of their doors and bonnets and decided to get the keys made for the purpose. However, soon the municipal elections followed and at least three officials have been changed since the MCD trifurcation,\" said a senior official of North Delhi Municipal Corporation.Now the cash-strapped north Delhi corporation has decided to rebuild the damaged portion and give it on rent to earn more revenue. \"At present, our priority is to survive. The financial position of the corporation is tight and due to this we can't take up any development work. Having a banquet hall is more beneficial than adding a floor to the existing parking,\" said Ravinder Gupta, chairman, works committee, North Delhi Municipal Corporation.Gupta added, \"The hall will be constructed soon and the tenders will be floated again. The minimum bid price for the hall will be Rs 10 crore per annum. The highest bidder will be awarded the contract for five years.\"Because of its location, Shehnai has been a preferred location of Old Delhi residents for hosting weddings and other ceremonies. \"The banquet was closed following a court case in 2007 when the contractor, who was given the hall for five years, had claimed, in connivance with a few corporation officials, 8that the hall was given on lease and asked for ownership rights on the property. But the court refused his claim in 2008,\" said an official of the North corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14972554", "title": "Cyber crime cases up 49%", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat has reported an almost 50% rise in crimes under the Information Technology Act, 2000. Compared to 35 cases in 2010, 2011 reported 52 cases as per the 'Crime In India' report published by National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB). Twenty cases were registered under IPC sections this year, against 15 the previous year. From the cases reported, the highest came from Ahmedabad (36), followed by Vadodara (10). Surat and Rajkot reported one and two cases respectively.Nationally, Andhra Pradesh (349) ranked first, followed by Maharashtra (306) and Kerala (227). In cities, Bangalore (117) reported the most incidents while Visakhapatnam (107) and Pune (83) ranked second and third.Nationally, most cases were reported about loss of computer resources and obscene publications online. All over the country 157 cases of hacking were reported and 65 persons were arrested for the offence. Other offences include misuse of digital signatures, forging digital documents, unauthorized access and breach of confidentiality.State police arrested 36 persons for cyber crimes in 2011 of which 17 were below 30 years of age. 18 of the arrests were from Ahmedabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14974449", "title": "Educating entrepreneurs", "text": "Philippe Courtier, who has taken over as the new president of EMLYON, July onwards, talks to Education Times on why it is important to prepare students to work with different ethos and economic situations that they will face in course of their careers.The key focus of EMLYON Business School is entrepreneurship. How is the school preparing the new breed of entrepreneurs? EMLYON Business School's baseline, Educating Entrepreneurs for the World, reflects our vision of pedagogy. In general terms, the entrepreneurial dimension is at the very heart of the educational process of every one of the school's programmes, both in graduate and executive training. As the challenges in this new era of uncertainty are definitely more complex, we prepare students to work with the different ethos and economic situations that they will face in the course of their careers. We prepare them for entrepreneurial roles in start-ups , multinational companies, supranational organisations such as NGOs, and in entrepreneurial roles in emerging economies. Thus, we seek to develop in students an awareness of entrepreneurship that appreciates the contexts for opportunities whether they are geographical , institutional, social or economic.What are the key challenges that business schools face today globally?Many of the challenges that face business schools in the years ahead are also an opportunity to find new solutions . The difficult economic conditions of recent years require business schools to look beyond some of the traditional career paths in areas such as finance, and today there is far more interest in entrepreneurship as a way to kick-start the economy and create new high-growth ventures that create both social wealth and employment. To make the most of these opportunities, notably in areas of technology, science and design, business schools will need to work closely with other academic institutions to share business expertise with the ideas and innovation of engineers, scientists and creative thinkers. As an example, next September, we will open a Master of Science in Innovation, Design Entrepreneurship &amp; Arts (I.D.E.A.) with our partner, Centrale Lyon, which is one of the major engineering schools in France. Economic growth in Asia means that business schools need to engage fully with markets in China, India and elsewhere to provide students with a real understanding of the business conditions that are reshaping the world economy. There is a war for talent for managers who can operate across cultural differences with an entrepreneurial and global mindset. Among other goals, our campus in Shanghai enables us to immerse our students in the Asian business and management environment.How would you define entrepreneurship education?We call it 'The Power of Start.' Being an entrepreneur means having a mindset that helps you look beyond existing protocol and think creatively. It means being able to identify business opportunities and having the skills to exploit them profitably. It is about creating tangible value for your organisation and managing innovation. That is why the entrepreneurial learning environment at EMLYON is committed to the interaction of both theory and practice. Our students develop a genuine understanding of the entrepreneurial mindset through case studies, lectures, coaching sessions and international practical experience. They learn how to conceive a business plan, conduct competitive /market intelligence, develop a distribution strategy, and innovate at each step in the supply chain. They come away with the analytical tools and the confidence to systematically assess business opportunities, whether for growth and development in the global market, running a family business, or driving innovation and knowledge creation in a multinational company. Business projects enable students to combine their academic knowledge with real-life challenges, and the ability to work with and lead international teams. We take them through the different stages of launching a company, achieving growth, managing a family business, and successfully exiting a company.Do you agree that only when times are hard entrepreneurs are born?Actually we believe that, while some people are 'born entrepreneurs,' people can be developed to be entrepreneurial. This is what we call spirit of entrepreneurship. If some people are driven to be entrepreneurs based on need, a lot of them are driven to be entrepreneurs as a result of exposure to new ideas, awareness of gaps in the market, or particular passions or interests . Our students come from a wide range of countries with greatly varying economic, political, and social hardship. We seek to develop their entrepreneurial competencies for a global use in their home countries or wherever they seek to work, in start-ups or big companies.Do you plan any changes to the World Entrepreneurship Forum under your leadership?The next edition of the World Entrepreneurship Forum will take place in Lyon from October 24-27 . This year's theme is 'Entrepreneurial ecosystems: cultivating entrepreneurial communities.' In just five years, the World Entrepreneurship Forum has earned its place. In 2011, four new partners have joined EMLYON and KPMG: the two Singaporean institutions Action Community for Entrepreneurship and Nanyang Technological University, the City of Lyon and Lyon Chamber of Commerce. In 2012, Zhejiang University (China) is also joining the founding partners. This year's goal is to reinforce the link between cutting-edge academic research and best operational practices from all around the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14966893", "title": "Acute water shortage in Anbu Nagar", "text": "COIMBATORE: Outside every residence in Anbu Nagar near Ukkadam, there are blue plastic barrels in which the residents have to store water whenever the water tanker arrives in their locality. The water tanker comes here once in 20 days even though it is located within two kilometres from the city corporation main office. The residents call the situation ironical since the corporation has been instructing people to avoid storing fresh water in their residential areas as it will lead to breeding of mosquitoes which spread dengue infection.\"We have been asking the city corporation to send water tankers to our area on regular intervals but it is not being followed on a regular basis,\" said A Sadik Ali, municipal councillor, ward no.86.The residents have to rely only on water tanker for their drinking water requirements as the corporation is yet to officially provide them with water connection. Over 100 families are residing in the area and though they have been given power connection and other relevant documents, the civic body has not provided water connections yet.\"We have given numerous petitions to the civic body but in vain. We have no other option but to catch and store as much water as we can and use it very judiciously till the water tanker comes to our locality,\" said A Sarfarunnisa, a resident of Anbu Nagar.The water tanker supplier who has taken the contract to supply water to Ukkadam and nearby areas including Anbu Nagar claimed that they are not able to decrease the gap in drinking water supply to these localities as there is a shortfall in the supply from Siruvani due to lack of adequate rainfall.\"There is shortage of water from Siruvani and we are not able supply water to all localities on a regular basis,' said Ramalingam, an employee of Bharathiraja water supply firm.The local councillor also added that a petition was submitted to city mayor to provide drinking water connection to the residents a few weeks back and an assurance was given by him that water supply connections will be provided to the areas within the next few weeks.\"They are hesitant to provide water supply connection during the summer season as they are already having water shortage,\" Sadik Ali added.Meanwhile, all that the residents require now is timely supply of drinking water through tankers so that they don't have to store and drink water for more than two weeks at a stretch. Similar situation is prevailing in the nearby Azad Nagar, Cheran Nagar and MCR Nagar as residents are struggling to get adequate drinking water for the past few months.\"Azad Nagar has nine streets while MCR Nagar has two streets within its boundaries and hundreds of families are residing in these areas,\" Sadik Ali said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14967322", "title": "Coat of paint fails to cover seepage issue", "text": "HYDERABAD: Multiple visits by officials and sanctioning of funds almost every year has failed to uplift the face of the historic Mecca Masjid. In the hands of many bodies - the department of archaeology, roads and buildings department (R&B;) and overzealous citizens - the historic mosque narrates a story of official apathy.Large patches due to constant water seepage are visible on the three sets of magnificent arches and squinches in the interiors of the western side of the mosque. The R&B; department was sanctioned Rs 12.6 lakh to carry out maintenance work including waterproofing but the department has painted the arches and squinches without first addressing the seepage problem.Conservation experts rued that the R&B; department was ill-equipped to deal with heritage buildings and monuments and noted the strong possibility that seepage could spread, affecting other sets of arches and squinches. Mosque officials said that the problem is a result of water seeping into the walls as half of the 26 water spouts are clogged. Further, they pointed out this was the first time that water seepage was noticed in at least 15 years.While officials of the R&B; department were gloating over the fact they awarded the tender to a contractor who had agreed to take up the work at 51% of the sanctioned amount, experts on the other hand said that the maintenance work was being carried out without having any conservation architect or engineer on board. A conservation engineer on condition of anonymity said, \"This process of assigning work to the R&B; is a result of officials waking up at the last minute, thereby endangering the historic mosque. Even a painting job needs the expertise of those trained in conservation.\"Further, mosque officials said that the annual budget of Rs 30 lakh was inadequate as the salaries of staff amounted to more than the allocated amount. An official requesting anonymity said, \"Not a single rupee of the Rs 1.36 crore which was promised last year has reached us. There are 25 home guards being paid Rs 6,000 each. Also, there is a support staff comprising 24 members shared between this mosque and the Jama Masjid in Public Gardens.\"R&B; officials initially maintained that they were only doing a painting job. But, they did admit that they had promised minister of minorities welfare Mohammed Ahmedullah on Thursday that the issue of water seepage would be solved by July 16. However, conservation experts said that given the nature of the seepage, this was unlikely. Mohammed Osman, executive engineer, R&B; said, \"We are only painting the interiors of the mosque. However, work pertaining to waterproofing will be completed by Monday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14971164", "title": "25% government schools in districts violate RTE norms", "text": "NAGPUR: On the one hand the state government has been vocal about cracking whip on private schools that fail to implement provisions of the Right To Education (RTE) Act, and on the other hand it has failed to notice that its own schools are falling short. Almost 25 per cent of the total government schools in the district, managed by either Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) or zilla parishad (ZP), have failed to meet the mandatory infrastructure norms prescribed under RTE.The Act has laid down strict norms regarding the infrastructure of schools and has mandated playgrounds and full fledged library for each school. Of the total 1,803 government schools, 440 do not even have a playground. According to RTE, every school must have a playground with barrier free access for students. Also, there should be provision to secure the school's boundary by either a wall or fencing, so that students are safe at all times. Ram Dongarwar, NMC education officer, said, \"About 41 schools under us do not have a playground. These schools are being run on rented properties and there was never any provision for a playground.\"For ZP schools, the situation is almost similar since they were given whatever land was available at that time. Someshwar Netam, education officer (primary), who is also the RTE in charge for the district, said, \"With ZP schools, the problem is that we had no say in the land which gram panchayat or which every body was allotting to us. The focus was on just starting the schools so that students in villages have a chance to study, so playgrounds got neglected. About 25 per cent of our schools do not have playgrounds.\"Both Netam and Dongarwar added such schools can use the nearest government ground available. However, it is easier said than done as some of the government playgrounds are being used as dumping grounds or for cattle grazing.The bottom line is that absolutely nothing can be done about the lack of playgrounds and these 440 government schools will continue to violate RTE norms.Apart from playgrounds, the other area where government schools are lagging is the library. RTE clearly mentions that the library should have 'newspapers, magazines and books on all subjects including 'story books', but here too government schools are found lacking. Netam, however, denies the allegation saying, \"Funds from Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan are being used to purchase books for the library. In primary schools, we call it the 'book corner' and for the secondary section we have a full library.\"While Netam did not have data on how many books are available at the 1,596 schools run by ZP, sources told TOI that in many government schools a shelf full of old periodicals and a few academic books are the only things available. The condition of books in rural areas is reported to be in a more despicable condition. A ZP schoolteacher said on condition of anonymity, \"While there would be a dozen schools with good library, a majority of our schools have only tattered literature available. Also, very few students use it since no proper thinking goes in planning the purchase of books.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14990392", "title": "Micromax launches Swarovski-studded X44 Bling at Rs 3000", "text": "NEW DELHI: Micromax has launched the third iteration of its Bling in India at Rs 3000. Named the X44 Bling, this dual-SIM phone is made using Swarovski 'Zirconia' diamonds. The previous two models in the series were the original Bling and the Bling 2, which runs on Android OS.Similar to the Micromax X55 in looks, the new Bling X44 features a 2MP camera, 2.2-inch QVGA screen, FM radio and Bluetooth. The phone also has 256MB RAM, 512MB internal storage memory that can be increased to 8GB with a microSD card.This bar style phone is powered by a 950mAh Li-ion battery that offers standby time of 248 hours and talk time of 8 hours. Users can also access Mi Zone and Mi Store for Micromax apps and content.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14995106", "title": "Aaranya Kaandam to be released online?", "text": "It is regarded as one of the best Indian films to have released in the last decade, but unfortunately, Thyagarajan Kumararaja's Aaranya Kaandam tanked at the box office. Still, the film managed to stay in the news by winning National Awards, creating a buzz for a re-release.With the producer S P Charan indicating that a re-release might not happen, fans were looking forward to catching it at least on DVD. But now, we hear that Charan has decided to give in to demand from fans and release the film on iTunes . \" AranyaKandam fans good news. Just spoke to @CharanSripathi he has plans to release AK online soon on iTunes! Ready to buy online?,\" asked one of the film's editor Praveen on Twitter.Given that the editing team of Praveen and K L Srikanth also won the National Award for Best Editing for their work on the movie, it is not surprising how excited the entire team \u2014 and fans \u2014 should be about this news. Also, for Charan, this must be much more cost effective when compared to releasing a DVD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14970245", "title": "Moshi depot capping nearly over", "text": "PUNE: Nearly 90% of the scientific capping of the garbage at Moshi is complete. This is expected to free more land for dumping and reduce the nuisance to local residents.Garbage capping reduces the area occupied by garbage. As a result more land is available for dumping of garbage which is covered with special material. This prevents the garbage getting wet by rain water and forming leachate. A layer of soil is also put on the garbage.Sanjay Kulkarni, executive engineer of the PCMC's environment cell, said, \"We have completed nearly all the work of the Rs 3 crore project and the rest will be completed by July end. We have not decided on implementation of the second phase of capping.\"An official in the health department said, \"The civic body has been dumping garbage at Moshi for 20 years. As a result 16 lakh cubic meter of garbage has been dumped till now there on the 20-acre land. The capping has been undertaken to reduce the area occupied by garbage.\"\"When rain water percolates decomposing garbage it forms leachate that contaminates soil and underground water. Scientific capping will reduce this contamination and reduce the menace caused by flies, strays and birds,\" the official said. The civic health department awarded the contract for capping the site in 2012.Meanwhile, vermicomposting to treat vegetable waste generated in the city is also happening at Moshi. Kulkarni said, \"The civic body has developed a vermicomposting plant at Moshi garbage depot on 5 acre land in 2009 at a cost of Rs 3 crore. Its capacity is 30 tonnes. But only 15 ton vegetable waste is sent to the plant. A contractor has been appointed to run this plant free of cost for 10 years. He has to dispose of the manure generated at the plant.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14972031", "title": "JMM decides to vote for UPA candidates", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) on Sunday pledged its support for UPA candidates Pranab Mukherjee and Hamid Ansari for the imminent for presidential and vice-presidential election respectively.JMM chief Shibu Soren, who was authorized by party's central committee to take final stand on the issue, said that party MLAs and MPs would vote for UPA candidates.\"The decision has been taken after considering various factors. We will vote for UPA candidate and the decision has nothing to do with our alliance with the BJP in Jharkhand,\" said Soren.Interestingly the tribal card played by presidential candidate PA Sangma failed to yield desired result in Jharkhand. Sangma during his visit had appealed to the tribal leaders of Jharkhand to extend support to his candidature and elect a tribal president in the country. He had also praised Soren, who is one of the leading tribal leaders of the country. However, it failed to yield a positive result as all 18 MLAs and three MPs of JMM has decided to vote for Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14994294", "title": "Prasanna teams up with Rajan Madhav again!", "text": "It was in Muran , Rajan Madhav's debut film, that brought the director and actor Prasanna together. The film, which was based on Alfred Hitchcock's Strangers On A Train , saw the unassuming actor play the role of a calculating villain.Now, the duo is coming together again for a film. \"Finally my friend, Muran dir Rajan Madhav, finished penning the next script &amp; narrated it to me. Kickass film it will be. super excited (sic),\" Prasanna tweeted on his micro-blogging page and added, \"Me &amp; a gang of super talented actors will be the cast. Will reveal names after official confirmations.\"While Muran might not have set the box office on fire, it earned enough critical praise despite being inspired from a Hollywood film. Now, let's hope this new film from the friends clicks with both the public and the critics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14968466", "title": "Patna University: Demand for central varsity status gains ground", "text": "PATNA: As the Centre has announced for setting up two central universities in Bihar, at Gaya and Motihari, the longstanding demand of Patna University for a central university status has once again been ignored.It is indeed an irony that all the top politicians of the state, including chief minister Nitish Kumar and deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi , BJP leader C P Thakur, RJD leaders Lalu Prasad and Raghuvansh Prasad Singh and LJP leader Ram Vilas Paswan , have been championing the cause of PU for a central university status, but things could not move accordingly. It seems, feel some academics, there has not been any strong political lobbying on this issue so far. Had there been political pressure from the state, PU would also have become a central university long back.PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh said PU deserves a central university status keeping in mind its glorious track record. Many universities with less infrastructure and calibre than PU are enjoying the status of a central university, he said. Being the seventh oldest university of the country, PU has a compact campus and it has produced a galaxy of scientists, academicians, bureaucrats, political and social leaders.Singh pointed out that PU has submitted to the Union HRD ministry a fresh proposal highlighting its salient features and pleading for its central university status. But all depends upon the political will, he said.The VC pointed out that some proposals for according central status to PU were sent to the Centre in the past, but they were not persuaded properly. PU case has always been ignored due to lack of strong political lobbying for it. Even though several old universities, including Allahabad University, Goa University, Guru Ghasidas University, Bilaspur ( Chhattisgarh ) and H P Singh University, Sagar ( Madhya Pradesh ) were made central universities, PU's case was not considered by the Centre. A state of the size of Bihar needs at least three to four central universities, he said.Former general secretary of PU Students' Union and BJP leader Ranbir Nandan regretted that even though a large number of PU's alumni have dominated national as well as state politics, PU could not be converted into a central university. He said a statewide agitation would be launched soon to attract the attention of the central government towards this longstanding demand of the people of Bihar.Former Union finance minister and PU alumnus Yashwant Sinha has also agreed to extend his full support to any such movement. Prominent intellectuals, academics and students would offer a daylong dharna at Kargil Chawk near Gandhi Maidan in the last week of July. Besides, a signature campaign would also be launched in favour of the demand, Nandan added.Patna University Teachers' Association (PUTA) has also made a fresh move in this direction. It has sought the support of political leaders in favour of PU's central take over. Three years ago, hundreds of intellectuals, academics, doctors and lawyers, at the initiative of the PUTA, had paraded the streets of Patna to press for PU's conversion into a central university, said PUTA president P K Poddar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14967502", "title": "Spectacles hit marriage prospects: Delhi girls", "text": "NEW DELHI: Young girls feel wearing spectacles would hamper their marriage prospects, a study in five government schools in Delhi has revealed. This reason was cited by 82% of the girls who didn't wear glasses despite poor vision.The study was conducted by Maulana Azad Medical College among 1,075 children studying in classes 7 to nine. Of these, doctors found 120 children needed to wear spectacles.A follow-up done around nine months later found that just 10 of them - or 8.33% - were wearing glasses regularly. To begin with, only 48 of the 120 children had agreed to wear spectacles, the rest refusing on various grounds.Among children who weren't wearing their spectacles regularly, researchers said most of the girls confessed during focus group discussions that they felt wearing glasses would affect their chances of getting a good husband.\"Some of them said spectacles don't give a good look and the glass frame left a mark on the nose. Among boys, the biggest reason for not wearing spectacles was the prospect of getting teased by other students,\" said Dr Neeti Rustagi, the main author of the study published in the latest issue of the Indian Journal of Ophthalmology.Rustagi said one-third of the boys interviewed also felt that wearing spectacles compromised their look. There were also misconceptions like glasses can have harmful effect on the eyes.Dr Devender Kumar Taneja, professor of community medicine at MAMC who led the study, said they screened students in five government schools to study the magnitude of visual impairment and assess the compliance of students for eye testing and use of spectacles. \"About 2.9% of children screened had low vision in the better eye and 0.9% had poor vision.\"According to Dr Mahipal Sachdev, medical director of Centre for Sight, children as young as 14 years old prefer to wear contact lenses. \"In rural areas, many parents either can't afford it or don't know about such contact lenses.\"Experts feel that not wearing glasses seriously compromises the eyesight of a child who has refractive error. \"It affects their performance in schools and most of them end up with high power glasses as they grow old,\" says Dr Sanjay Choudhary, who runs an eye institute in the capital.A study published in The Lancet said a majority of adults in Asia suffer from near sightedness which could be caused due to spending too much time indoors, being glued to the TV or computer and unhealthy dietary practices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "subject", "code": "14969406", "title": "Banks can\u2019t freeze accounts if Know Your Customer papers not submitted", "text": "Subject: Harassment for KYC documents\u2014bank pulled up for freezing accountBackdrop: \"Know Your Customer\" is necessary to prevent illegal activities. It may be absolutely essential at the time of applying for services. But is it to be repeated every now and then, causing harassment to consumers, especially the old and disabled, or those who are sick or out of town? Can service be suspended for failing to comply with the subsequent demands for KYC? This issue has been decided by the Gujarat high court in the case of State Bank of India, Chandkheda Branch &amp; Anr v/s Ashvin Chaturbhai Parmar &amp; Ors in Criminal Misc Appl No 5100 of 2012 decided on April 30 2012.Case Study: Parmar had filed a criminal appeal before the Gujarat high court, challenging the freezing of his bank account by State Bank for India for non compliance of KYC formalities.By an order dated March 14 2012, the high court had held that (1) The documents to be supplied for compliance of KYC can be certified true copies either by a notary public or a gazetted officer or any competent authority who has power to certify any document as true copy. In case of an undertrial or prisoner, jail authorities would be required to cooperate in issuing certified true copies of the relevant documents. (2) In exceptional cases, where there is a doubt about the genuineness of the true copy, the bank can insist for the original document for verification. (3) The account holder cannot be asked to remain personally present for submitting either the original documents or the true copy, and it can be submitted through any authorized representative of the account holder.The court also held that in case of failure to comply with the KYC requirements, the bank would neither have the right to freeze the account, nor could it stop the cheque book or the ATM facility. However, the bank would have the right to close the account, but after following the due process. This means that due notice would first have to be given to the customer, and if the documents are not supplied despite the intimation and repeated efforts to procure the same, the issue would have to be referred to the competent authority at a higher level, who would have the power to order closure of the account.The bank requested the court to review this order, contending that the power to freeze an account should be deemed to be automatically available in view of the power to close the account. The bank claimed that freezing of an account is less prejudicial than closure of an account. It informed the court that other banks too were adopting the same practice of freezing accounts for non-compliance of KYC requirements.While reviewing the matter, the court observed that the bank would not have the right to freeze an account in the absence of any express statutory provision authorizing it to do so. Also, freezing of the account cannot be considered less prejudicial as it can make a customer liable for proceedings for dishonour of a cheque despite money being available in his account. Freezing the bank account would thus deprive a customer of utilizing his own money.The court also noted that the Reserve Bank of India also specifically provides for opening of accounts by low income group people who are unable to provide KYC documents. Banks are required to open accounts for such persons on the basis of an introduction from an account holder who has complied with all the KYC procedures and whose account is with the bank for at least six months with satisfactory transactions. The low income group account holders, whose accounts are opened in this manner, have a restriction that the total balance in their accounts cannot exceed Rs 50,000, and the total credit deposits cannot exceed Rs1 lakh per year.The court observed that in the present case, the account had been opened long back, yet the account had been illegally frozen. The court warned that if a bank freezes an account for non-compliance of KYC documents, appropriate action could be initiated against it either by the Reserve Bank or the Banking Ombudsman, so are required to safeguard the interests of all account holders.With these observations and directions, Justice Jayant Patel, delivering the judgment on behalf of the bench, comprising himself and Paresh Upadhyay, dismissed the bank's application.Impact: This landmark judgment protects consumers who are harassed with repeated demands for KYC compliance even after documents are submitted. The judgment would be equally applicable to telecom service providers, who keep asking for KYC documents periodically, because they do not bother to maintain their records and wake up only when there is an inspection by authorities.(The author is a consumer activist and has won the government of India's National Youth Award for Consumer Protection. His e-mail address is jehangir_gai@indiatimes.com)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14974865", "title": "Barack Obama: No solution from outside on J&K;", "text": "WASHINGTON: Ruling out any solution from \"outside\" to the issue of Jammu and Kashmir, US President Barack Obama on Sunday underlined that disputes between India and Pakistan can only be resolved by the two countries themselves.Welcoming the Indo-Pak dialogue process, he said, \"it is not the place of any nation, including the United States, to try to impose solutions from the outside.\"That said, nations must meet their responsibilities and all of us have a profound interest in a Pakistan that is stable, prosperous and democratic.\"The US leader was responding to a question on the current state of Indo-Pak relations and the best way forward for the two countries to resolve their bilateral matters, including Jammu and Kashmir.Obama said that the US welcomed any dialogue and lessening of Indo-Pak tensions which would be good for South Asia and for the world.\"President (Asif Ali) Zardari's visit to India was encouraging. Increased trade and people-to-people contacts between Indians and Pakistanis can lead to greater prosperity and understanding on both sides.\"Efforts in New Delhi and Islamabad to improve relations give hope for further progress, including a possible visit to Pakistan by Prime Minister (Manmohan) Singh,\" he said.The US leader answered questions on the future of Afghanistan and India's role in it, as well as the US strategy in the Asia-Pacific region which is seen by some commentators as aimed at making India a counterweight to the growing military and economic muscle of China.\"India will be critical to Afghanistan's future,\" he said pointing out that it had also been critical to Afghanistan's progress to date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "junagadh", "code": "14973687", "title": "Keshubhai to fight state assembly polls", "text": "JUNAGADH: Former chief minister Keshubhai Patel will contest the upcoming Gujarat assembly elections in December. Speaking to reporters in Junagadh on Sunday, he said he would contest after creating his own political outfit. The tallest Patel leader in the state last contested an assembly election in 1998 and became the chief minister.Sources said Keshubhai was considering contesting from either Visavadar in Junagadh from where he went on to become chief minister twice, or from the Rajkot (west) seat given its symbolic importance.The 83-year-old leader, who is one of the most seasoned politicians in Gujarat, has an envious track record in electoral politics, never having lost a seat since 1970. He has won assembly elections six times and a Lok Sabha election once, mostly with a thumping majority.Although Visavadar is the safest seat for Keshubhai, sources said he may consider contesting from Rajkot (west), called Rajkot-2 earlier, given that Modi had entered the assembly by winning this seat in 2001. State finance minister Vajubhai Vala, who was seen as a staunch Keshubhai loyalist till then, had vacated the seat for Modi. Winning Rajkot-2 would be seen as sweet revenge for Keshubhai.Sources added that Keshubhai's presence in the assembly would, to some extent, reduce Modi's clout in the House. \"I will formally bid adieu to the BJP once I form my own party after our Parivartan sammelans end in a month,\" he said on Sunday.Keshubhai has come out openly against Modi in the last couple of months, alleging that the claims of the development of the state in the past 10 years are fake. He has also accused Modi of using the state machinery to promote himself. On Sunday, he likened Modi to Hitler .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14974956", "title": "New medical colleges in Delhi", "text": "Delhi is likely to have yet another medical college, with Jamia Hamdard University setting up a medical college \u2014 Hamdard Institute of Medical Sciences \u2014 and conducting medical courses from this year, once it gets permission from the Medical Council of India.\"Through the MBBS course, the medical college and the 350-bed hospital we hope to provide affordable treatment to patients. People who can afford money, generally go to big hospitals to get their treatment done but what about people who can't afford it? It is our mission to provide affordable and quality healthcare to people who can't afford to go to big hospitals. The hospital will offer both training for students and multi-specialty treatments for the population of South Delhi,\" says GN Qazi, vice-chancellor, Jamia Hamdard University. The school will have all the medical, para-medical courses under one roof except for the unani courses. Six new courses have also been launched, which include BSc medical imaging technology, BSc medical record and health information management, BSc optometry, BSc cardiology laboratory techniques, BSc operation theatre techniques and BSC dialysis techniques. \"The medical courses will now be taught by doctors besides teachers. The teachers, medical superintendent of the hospital will report to the dean,\" Qazi says.This year, 100 students (42 general, 43 reserved and 15 management quota seats) will be given admission to the course. Talking about the areas of focus in terms of research , Qazi says that they would like to focus on oncology (cancer), diabetes and cardiovascular diseases.Offering details about the hospital, Qazi says, \"At the hospital, according to the need of various departments, beds will be allotted and about 600 patients will be seen daily. Some specialist would also spare some time and teach the medical students at Jamia Hamdard University. For experts , this is like giving back to the society. In the next two months, we will be hiring more doctors. The super specialists will work with us on a weekly basis,\" points out Qazi.Entry to the MBBS course will be on the basis of a written testVishakha Sharma/TNNIn order to overcome shortage of doctors in the Capital, in the next two years, MBBS students in Delhi will have three new medical colleges, as planned by Delhi government. These colleges will be attached to Deen Dayal Upadhyay Hospital (DDU) in Hari Nagar, Dr Baba Saheb Ambedkar Hospital in Rohini and an upcoming 500-bed hospital in Dwarka. According to AK Walia, health minister, the government of Delhi, there is a shortage of doctors in Delhi. This is because there are not enough medical colleges in the Capital. We have been sourcing doctors from different parts of the country. But, after these medical colleges come up we will have our own doctors. He says, \"All three medical colleges will have 150 undergraduate (MBBS) seats each and the colleges will have all the modern facilities and departments as required by the colleges .\" \"The land for starting the project has already been identified, which means half of the work is done. The colleges will be ready for students in the next two years,\" he added.Delhi government is also planning to start a dental college with around 100 seats. This college will be attached to the GTB Hospital in Dilshad Garden. There are currently five government colleges in Delhi \u2014 All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), Vardhman Mahavir Medical College , University College of Medical Sciences, Maulana Azad Medical College (MAMC) and Lady Hardinge Medical College. All these five colleges together offer around 750 MBBS seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14968428", "title": "Bureaucrats to get 5,000 new houses in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is building 5,000 new houses for the Capital's babus. These will come up in Kidwai Nagar by 2017.National Building Construction Corporation (NBCC), the PSU entrusted with re-development of Kidwai Nagar (East), will spend around Rs 4,264 crore to build Type II to Type VII accommodation for officials of the central government.At present, there are around 2,330 houses of Types I, II &amp; V in the locality.The project cost will include maintenance of the housing complex for 30 years.The construction PSU aims to recover the cost of the project from leasing commercial office space - 10% of the total FAR permissible and 10% of the built-up residential area - for an initial period of 30 years to government departments, ministries and PSUs.If NBCC manages to raise surplus revenue after adjusting the project cost, it will be credited to the consolidated fund. However, if the PSU fails to realize its entire investment within 30 years, the government may consider extension of the lease period to enable NBCC to recover its investment.NBCC will invest Rs 200 crore towards initial construction, on which it shall be paid a return at the rate of 15%, an official said.According to the agreement, NBCC will be paid project management charges of 10% of the project cost for coordination, supervision and monitoring as per the approved estimate.The PSU will be responsible for maintaining the assets, services of the entire project (excluding commercial space earmarked for lease sale) at its own cost for a period of 30 years or for an extended period, if any. However, the commercial space may be maintained by NBCC on mutually agreed terms and conditions on chargeable basis.NBCC will submit specific milestones along with the time schedule for completion of the project. For any delay, the PSU will be liable to pay penalty of Rs 5 per sq feet per month of delay.\"The overall completion period of the proposed project shall be 60 months,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14967307", "title": "Where is inclusive democracy?", "text": "Of the dozen dignitaries who held the country's highest constitutional post of the President, three of them hailed from Muslim community. Similarly, out of the 12 eminent personalities who held the post of vice-president of India, three belonged to Muslim minority. But, it is a fact that, in the 60 years of vibrant parliamentary democracy in the country, Muslims have not been getting their due share in the state legislatures and Parliament. The second largest community in India is sorely under-represented not only in both the Houses of Parliament but also in the state legislatures-Assemblies and Councils. The situation is worse in the local bodies-both at the panchayat raj and municipal levels.Interestingly, a closer look at the voters' lists for the Presidential and vice-presidential elections, released by the Election Commission , for the polls to be held in July and August respectively, reveals the extent of 'representation deficit' or 'under-representation' of Muslims in the elected bodies at the national and state levels. The electoral college for the 14th Presidential polls, slated on July 19, consists of 4,896 'voters', including 776 MPs (233 from Rajya Sabha and 543 from Lok Sabha) and 4,120 MLAs from the state Assemblies of 28 states and two Union Territories (Delhi and Puducherry). The electoral college comprises only 410 Muslim members (8.37% of the total).Out of 776 MPs, only 53 are Muslims. They include 24 Rajya Sabha members and 29 Lok Sabha members. Muslim members constitute 10.30% of the Rajya Sabha electoral college and only 5.34% of the Lok Sabha electoral college for the presidential polls. There are Muslim MPs elected to Rajya Sabha from only 13 states and one UT out of 28 states and two UTs. Muslim members are elected to Lok Sabha only from 8 states and one UT out of the 35 states and UTs. In other words, not a single Rajya Sabha member is there from the Muslim community from as many as 15 states and one UT. In the same way, not a single Lok Sabha member from Muslim community is there from 20 states and 6 UTs.The states which are not represented by a single Muslim member in the Lok Sabha include major states such as Chattisgarh, Gujarat, Haryana, Orissa, Jharkhand , Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Odisha, Punjab and Rajasthan, though these states have sizeable Muslim population. There is a huge under-representation of Muslim members in Lok Sabha from states such as Andhra Pradesh , Assam , Bihar , Kerala, Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal , compared to the proportion of Muslims to their total population.The situation only turns worse when we take a look at the representation of Muslims in the Assemblies. Out of a total of 4,120 MLAs in all the states (including two UTs with legislatures), only 357 hail from Muslim community. There is not a single Muslim member in the 147-member Odisha Assembly. The extent of under-representation in the other Assemblies is colossal. In major states such as Andhra Pradesh, Bihar, Chattisgarh, Gujarat, Jharkhand, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Punjab, Rajasthan, Uttarakhand and Delhi, the number of Muslim members is meager, compared to the ratio of Muslims to the total population.There is just a single Muslim MLA in the 230-member Madhya Pradesh Assembly.Apart from Jammu &amp; Kashmir, which is the only Muslim-majority state in the country, the representation of Muslims is somewhat better in the Assemblies of other states such as Assam, Kerala, Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal, though it is not commensurate with their share of the total population of these states. But, as the saying goes, it is better to have something than nothing. Even under-representation is preferable to no representation at all.There are many reasons for the 'representation deficit' of Muslims. The so-called national and regional parties from across the political spectrum-right, left and centre-whether professing secular credentials or not -- have been quite reluctant to give tickets to Muslims in successive elections to the Lok Sabha or Assemblies in various states. In many places, the voters also do not support Muslim candidates. No wonder, it is easier for a Muslim to get elected as President or vice-president of India but much more difficult to make it to a panchayat raj body, a municipality, Assembly or Parliament.(The writer is a member of the AP Legislative Council and journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14969085", "title": "Peafowl turn blind, not able to walk", "text": "GURGAON: Government officers said that the peafowl that were rescued last week, from Kasan village, have 'temporarily turned blind'. The birds, protected under Schedule 1 of the Wildlife Protection Act 1972, are undergoing treatment at the Gopalpur rescue centre of Wildlife SOS. Last week, villagers, forest officials and animal husbandry department officers had rescued over 40 birds.The birds showed symptoms of temporary blindness and were not able to walk or fly. According to sources, carcasses have been sent to Hisar for tests to find out the exact cause behind the incident. Also, experts were called in to study the behaviour and symptoms of the birds. Although the animal husbandry department claims that they have learnt of two deaths, the overall toll is estimated to be over a dozen.The blood samples have been sent to labs for tests, to determine the cause. Meanwhile, Dr O P Wadhwa, deputy director, Animal Husbandry department said that the ailing birds have \"recovered\" and are under observation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14970324", "title": "Spotting of Naxalites leaves state police in a tizzy", "text": "MANGALORE: Is the cadre of the Communist Party of India (Maoist) trying to extend the Red Corridor up to Kodagu from Shimoga, traversing through Udupi and Dakshina Kannada? Yes seems to be the assessment of the state police. The confirmed spotting of Naxalites at Shishila in Puttur taluk, hitherto not known for their presence, in a span of 72 hours has only confirmed the fears of the police.When Naxalites came to Shishila on July 10, they went away after assuring the locals that they meant no harm to them and that the villagers need not fear their presence in the area.Naxalites even asked the villagers not to inform police about them having forayed in to the region. However, late on July 13, the Naxalites were again spotted in the area. This time they entered a household and forcibly took away cereals and food grains.Police who got came to know of their latest spotting, intensified their combing operations in the region. Describing the chase of Naxalites as a game of cat and mouse, police sources said they had got a fair idea about the Naxalites from the people of the region where they had been spotted.\"We are expecting something concrete in terms of resolute action against them,\" the sources pointed.But what has baffled the police is the speed at which the Naxalites are spreading their area of influence. It was known all along that they wanted to establish a corridor towards Kodagu and the forest tracts from Shimoga provided them the ideal cover, the sources pointed out.The recent busting of what police describe as a major arms dump at Kolli in Belthangady taluk, 12 villages of which have been declared Naxal-affected, had given an impression that Naxalites were focusing on winning over the Malekudiya tribals in the taluk.The tribals are vociferous in their protest at attempts to relocate them from the forest in lieu of financial compensation. Now, police are forced to spread their manpower to cover areas in Puttur taluk as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "14974257", "title": "Woman scribe shot at in Itanagar", "text": "ITANAGAR: Tongam Rina, a woman journalist, was shot at by miscreants in Itanagar on Sunday. Police said Rina (32) was entering her Arunachal Times office at Sector-E area in the state capital around 6pm when the shooters, who were waiting for her there, fired at her. The attackers fled after the attack.Rina is the associate editor of Arunachal Times, which is owned by the family of former CM Gegong Apang.Rina was rushed to Ram Krishna Mission Hospital at Itanagar where, doctors said, her condition is critical. Hospital sources said her intestines and backbone have been damaged in the attack.Doctors at the hospital said the bullet hit her left waist and ripped through her intestines and spinal cord. At the time of writing, Rina was in the operation theatre of the hospital.Chief minister Nabam Tuki visited the hospital. He said: \"Security has been beefed up after the incident and police check points have been opened in the town to prevent the attackers from escaping Itanagar.\"Extending all possible help to the journalist, Tuki said a helicopter is ready to take her to Guwahati for treatment if the need arises.Tuki has called a high level meeting of state police, CRPF and ITBP on Monday at Itanagar to take stock of the situation.Though the reason for the attack is not known, it is significant to note that the Arunachal Times office was attacked and ransacked by miscreants in April this year.The Arunachal Press Club and the Arunachal Pradesh Union for Working Journalists have condemned the attack and called a meeting of all journalists in Itanagar on Monday to decide on the future course of action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14967815", "title": "CM announces science academy in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Sunday announced plans to open a science academy in the state. The announcement came during felicitation ceremony of literary personalities organized by the Rajasthan Sahitya Akademi.When established, the science academy will be fourth in the country, and will provide a boost to scientific research in the state. The academy will be planned on the lines of the Indian Academy of Sciences, Bangalore.Addressing the gathering, Gehlot stressed on the active role of writers and journalists to bring change in the society. \"Words have powerful impact. Therefore, the role of writers becomes very important. They should come forward to play their part in the society,\" the CM said.The CM also countered the allegations on public representatives facing lack of credibility. \"It is wrong to paint every politician in the same colour. Politicians with the right intent still outnumber the corrupt.\" Like writers and authors, politicians too are widely respected\".Uttar Pradesh governor BL Joshi who was the chief guest at the occasion said Rajasthan Sahitya Akademi has an important place in the field of literature.\"Our literature is our national treasure. The literary figures are the torch bearers of the society. We need authors who can keep our heritage, values and culture intact,\" said Joshi. He also urged the writers to undertake projects that can help in making the culture stronger and vibrant.The akademi announced to introduce three new awards from next year. \"One award will be given to young writers below 40 years, second for Hindi translation on national integrity and third for creative writing,\" said Ved Vyas, president, Rajasthan Sahitya Akademi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14989765", "title": "Importance of customised corporate education in 21st century", "text": "Why is customised corporate education becoming important in the 21st century? Tirna Ray finds outWith the world changing radically, executive education, too, is evolving, addressing business issues innovatively. With this as a background, Duke Corporate Education (Duke CE) was carved out of Duke's Fuqua School of Business to customise corporate education to organisations around the world, including India.What is customised education all about? Michael Canning, CEO, Duke CE, explains that it is different from regular education. Designed for companies, customised corporate education not only helps organisations to execute strategies, but also enables its people to learn things better so that they are able to do their jobs better.Ranked number one in global custom education this May by the Financial Times for the 10th consecutive year, Duke CE, by being at the intersection of business and education, tries to comprehend why companies fail to 'execute' strategies. \"Education helps the staff of a company to understand and believe in the strategy, learn to think and behave in ways that makes the strategy successful in the marketplace,\" says Canning.He further points out that the essential idea is to design and deliver learning experiences customised to achieve specific business and learning outcomes. As far as Asia is concerned, Canning says, it has been marked by rapid growth and significant change. \"This demands more talent. While acknowledging this, organisations are also recognising that the challenge is not only to scale up talent, but also to retain talent. Besides, companies are realising that talent development or its lack thereof can be a significant operational risk. In addition, building organisational capability is a priority in terms of producing a new breed of global managers and innovation \u2014 cheap labour is no longer enough, moving up the value chain is becoming imperative,\" he adds.Also, Nikhil Raval, managing director, Duke CE India, points out that more and more companies in India, after having established themselves as credible brands here, are aspiring to establish themselves as transnational or multinational brands. So the challenge is to produce managers who are able to handle global stakeholders, local geographies and global issues, among others, which is where customised education has a role to play.As to how the system works, Raval explains, \"Whether companies approach us or we approach them, the task is to identify problem-areas or need-based areas so that we can build our programme and work towards the right approach.\"While the word 'approach' may sound academic, Canning reiterates that it is finally all about working with real people, real organisations and real problems. The best approach for one client may not fit another; what matters is the right mix of methods to help companies reach their business goals through knowledge, skills and behaviours of their people.So while on the one hand the customised programmes have industry leaders, thinkers and academics, they may also have actors, magicians and racing car drivers. Also, using the market as a classroom can cut across countries and cultures.For instance, in one of the programmes, a group of European business leaders spent a day with the Mumbai 'dabbawallas.' This not only helped them gain insights into operational effectiveness but also on cultural aspects of Indian life. The executives shadowed the 'dabbawallas,' got into crowded trains and went to offices where lunch was delivered to learn lessons about customer expectations and Mumbai-lifestyle.What is that one thing that cuts across countries, cultures and businesses? Empathy and motivation, says Canning, is the driving force behind any organisation's success. \"So, we never forget the human factor.\"Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14969857", "title": "Experts find no signs of struggle in car", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A team of forensic experts of the Chandigarh police has not found any signs of struggle on inspection of the recovered abandoned car of Ajay Tanwar on Sunday. Apart from his cell phone, wallet and a bag containing documents, his chappals and specs were also recovered from the car. The expert team has taken fingerprints from the car besides a glass of tea, which was found in the car and kept these aside for examination.Tanwar, a Chandigarh resident was reportedly carjacked, stabbed, robbed and left in his locked car in a remote part of Panchkula on Saturday evening.Meanwhile, the car has been impounded and kept in the Sector 26 police station. SHO of the Chandimandir police station in Panchkula, Ramesh Kumar , said Ajay was found injured in the car on Sunday and his car was impounded. Chandigarh police is also scrutinizing footages of CCTV cameras installed at different traffic points for ascertaining the incident. DSP (east) Jaswant Singh Khaira said, \"The alleged victim, Ajay, is still unconscious and unfit for giving a statement. A DDR regarding the incident has been registered and his statement will be recorded when doctors declare him fit for giving one.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14968715", "title": "Profligate India lose to Britain in Tri-Nation opener", "text": "BANGALORE: \"Our learning phase is over. We again missed six penalty corners and I am not sure what's going on. It is annoying.\"Chief coach Michael Nobbs was obviously baffled by the downward spiral after India took the lead only to go down 1-3 to Great Britain in the inaugural match of the Tri-Nation invitational tournament in Santander. Earlier, in the two friendlies against South Africa, India had scraped through 6-5 in the first before losing the second 3-4.The result on Saturday evening came in heavy, wet weather with rain preparing the teams for the conditions likely to prevail in London.India's chief drawbacks continued to plague them even in this match. Keeping in mind that this was the team's final warm-up event before the Olympics, Nobbs had decided to use only the 16 players chosen for the big event. He wasn't too pleased by what he saw.\"Up until this series we have had an excellent record but here we have had 26 penalty corners for two goals. We forced six of them today. We are doing a video analysis to pick out anything that's going wrong,\" Nobbs told TOI.\"Our push-outs are fast enough and we haven't missed a trap. My suspicion is we are getting to the flick too late. That puts Sandeep or Raghu under pressure and in fact the runners are actually getting to the flick.\"Nobbs told the team that its learning phase was over and that it was time to deliver. \"We just have to get the penalty corners fixed and we will do well. If we don't it will be a struggle.\"Nobbs also pointed to another perennial problem in the team: the forwardline's ability to finish. That included a superb chance which Tushar Khandker had but was denied by British goalkeeper James Fair. \"We played well to get 34 circle penetrations but still missed easy goals. I would say it still comes back to penalty corners to win games. It takes all the pressure off scoring field goals when you get one or two goals per game from penalty corners.\"The team also had to endure an injury to their chief defender Ignace Tirkey which put immense pressure on the rearguard. \"Ignace limped out after rolling his ankle in the first 15 minutes. X-rays said it was only a strain. But he will be out for about a week. We will be using Kothajit from the reserves till Ignace is better,\" Nobbs said.The start looked promising for the Indians as they went ahead in the third minute through Shivendra Singh who deflected Tushar Khandker's cross. But James Tindall scored the equaliser through a 17th-minute penalty corner before Ashley Jackson put his team ahead in the 45th minute off a penalty stroke.What followed was a stirring battle but Harry Martin snuffed out India's hopes of a comeback in the 62nd minute when he pounced on a rebound from goalkeeper Bharat Chetri after Jackson had scooped the ball goalward.Chetri returned a mixed bag after having pulled off a fine save in the first half, sweeping the ball off the goal-line after having initially parried Rob Moore's reverse hit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14990632", "title": "Khuddar to release this month", "text": "Viraj Bhatt's action packed movie, 'Khuddar' is all set to be released on 27th July. Produced under the banner of Adishakti Entertainment Monalisa, Komal Dhillon, Maya Yadav are also present in the movie.Dinesh Chaubey is the producer of the movie and Ravi Sinha is the director. Wave music has released it's music and the songs are already a rage among Bhojpuri audience.Source: bhojpuriyacinema.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14972596", "title": "Computer operators relatives of software company owner", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The 'marks for cash' scam was not the handiwork of two computer operators who changed marks of HSC science and commerce students for a price. It was in fact executed at a far higher level.Investigations by the Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) officials have revealed that the two computer operators suspected to be behind the scam are in fact close relatives of Praveen Shah, owner of Nilpa Software Systems Private Limited, the agency assigned the task of preparing mark sheets for SSC and HSC.The board officials said that the two young men, who executed the scam by tampering the original result of the students by charging a hefty fee, giving them a hike of marks ranging from 10-193, are brother-in-laws of Praveen.Since Praveen's own son is settled abroad, the brother-in-laws were roped in to join the business and had become his close confidantes over a period of time.It needs mention that TOI exposed this 'marks for cash' scam where 225-odd HSC (science) students and 150-odd HSC (general) stream students had got their results changed by paying anywhere between Rs 3-5 lakhs.The tampering was caught in time and the mark sheets recalled by the board which issued back the original mark sheets to the students. Following this expose, Nilpa Software Systems Private Limited was banned by GSHSEB on Thursday.The rise of Praveen Shah is interesting. Shah, who is a computer engineer, began his career with a job in an agency which used to handle result-related job work of GSHSEB. Later, he floated his own company and got the contract of preparing result of SSC. The building trust led to the board awarding him the sensitive responsibility of preparing HSC results.Officials said that currently the links are being traced as to how the parents of the students got in touch with the two youngsters to bribe them to tamper results. Investigations are also on to find if there is any involvement of a board official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14967266", "title": "4 booked for threatening student", "text": "INDORE: The city police registered an offence against four persons on charges of threatening a 12{+t}{+h} pass student with abduction and murder for not paying the amount that they demanded from him for obtaining admission in Holkar College in the city.In his complaint with the Bhanwarkuan police, the victim, Samir Khan, told police that four persons identified as Arjun Jat, Pawan Jat, Kishore Jat and Satish Jat allegedly demanded Rs 15,000 to obtain admission in Holkar College.On Saturday, when Khan was going to the college, the four accused stopped him and asked to cough up Rs 15,000. Later, they called Samir's father and demanded money. They threatened to abduct his ward and kill, if he did not pay the amount immediately.According to the complainant, when he had come to seek admission in the college, he met Arjun, who allegedly demanded Rs 15,000 and assured his of getting admission in the college. Samir was also ready to pay the amount, but with a rider that he would pay only after obtaining admission.Arjun reportedly filled Khan's online form too. However, his name was in the first list of pass student when the college declared the admission list. Yet, the accused continued to demand the money from Samir.They convinced him that they already paid the money to a teacher of the college and his name would come in second list. But, Samir refused to give money before getting admission.When they threatened the victim with dire consequences for not giving them money, the victim approached police and lodged a complaint. Nobody has been arrested in connection with the case, said police.Police have registered a case against the four persons under Sections 384, 507, 341, 294, 506 and 34 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14970919", "title": "Settling of old scores trigger most murders in rural UP", "text": "VARANASI: In comparison to the urban areas of the region, the districts with huge rural belt are witnessing maximum cases of murder in the dispute of illicit relations, love affairs and personal enmities.This fact surfaced when senior police officials tried to analyse the reason behind the murder cases in order to finalise an action place for initiating preventive action to put a check on such crime. When the DIG range A Satish Ganesh went through the details of the investigation in murder cases, which took place between January and June last, it came to light that there is a major difference between the reasons leading to murders in urban and rural belts of the region.As per his report, in Varanasi, which has larger urban belt in comparison to other three districts of range, maximum killings had taken place in spontaneous disputes and incidents. Murders because of property and land disputes had also taken place in this district. The reason behind it can be easily known by the increasing value of land in this densely populated district. Apart from these reason the killing in extortion bid, loot and theft cases had also been reported.Contrary to these trends the districts like Chandauli and Ghazipur, which have larger rural belts, about 50 percent of the total murder cases have taken place in the dispute of illicit relations or love affairs. The crime records of Jaunpur district show that old and personal enmities had led to maximum murder cases. Murders during loot bid have also been reported in four cases at Varanasi and Ghazipur districts while the dispute of repayment of dues had led to four murder cases in Jaunpur and Varanasi.In view of these facts the DIG has ordered the cops in all these districts to prepare the list of all the cases of old enmities, land and property disputes in order to initiate preventive actions. He also asked to keep sharp vigil on those persons especially in Jaunpur who had been jailed for committing offence in old and person enmities and have come out of the jail in past five years. Quick action in the cases of altercation has been prescribed to avoid murder led by immediate causes. The Varanasi police have also been directed to take note of those criminals and gangsters who had remained involved in extorting money from the local traders and capitalists. Interestingly the Varanasi cops have been asked to keep vigil on those criminals who had remained active in this field in past five years. However, the outcomes of the exercises of supporting agencies of police are indicating that at present those criminals have become active in the extortion trade, who had been sitting silently for past four-five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14989895", "title": "Vinayak to direct Balakrishna?", "text": "The latest buzz to hit the tinsel town is that V V Vinayak is readying a script for Natasimham Nandamuri Balakrishna. Film nagar sources say that the dynamic director has narrated a storyline to Balayya and the actor has reportedly expressed happiness over the plot. Sources further added that Bellamkonda Suresh is likely to produce this film under Sai Ganesh Productions.Vinayak is currently working on Balayya's script and is likely to announce the project sometime in this year. Balayya and Vinayak earlier worked together for an action drama \"Chennakesava Reddy\", which was also produced by Bellamkonda Suresh. The film was an average grosser at the box office.Balakrishna has recently wrapped up shooting for \"Srimannarayana\", directed by Ramesh Puppala while Vinayak is shooting for an untitled film starring mega power star Ram Charan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14989714", "title": "Ameesha's burger cravings", "text": "A minor earthquake at a restaurant in Turkey did not mar Ameesha's enthusiastic spirit to munch on a burger.Apparently, the actress got a few hours free from her tight shooting schedule and drove down to the main city where she spotted a burger joint. Ameesha just could not control her cravings and walked in quickly ordering a couple of juicy burgers for a herself and a friend. She got so engrossed in relishing the burgers that the mild tremors shaking the tables and the chairs just did not perturb her.\"While others began running helter-skelter screaming, \"Earthquake\", Ameesha continued to eat. It was only when her freind snatched her burger and told her to take shelter under the table that she realised that they had been hit by an earthquake. Thankfully it lasted only a few seconds and things were back to normal,\" said a source.The source added, \"Shooting at outskirts of Turkey required Ameesha to be holed up in the hotel for days on end. Worse, there was no link to the outside world as the entire schedule was to be shot in the hotel where they were put up. Plus the food was not of Ameesha's liking and there was very little choice. When she saw the burger joint she went berserk. And no matter the earthquake she had them nevertheless.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14991277", "title": "Bangalore cardiologists teach Frankfurt counterparts via video conference", "text": "BANGALORE: A group of cardiologists from Bangalore taught valuable lessons on complicated heart surgeries to the participants of an international cardiology conference in Frankfurt . The lessons on using umbrella device were given via video conference facility from Sri Jayadeva Institute of Cardiovascular Sciences and Research (SJICSR) last week.This is the first time SJICSR telecasted the procedures live to benefit a conference abroad, said Dr CN Manjunath, Director of the institute.He added: \"We conducted the cardiac procedures on six patients free of cost since they belonged to the economically weaker sections.\"The procedure also involved a detailed discussion on technical aspects and steps of conducting the procedures. The first patient, Punith, 18, was suffering from fever, cough, and breathlessness. On examination, it was found that a portion of the aorta had ruptured into the right chamber of his heart.Discussing Punith's case Dr Manjunath said: \"This sort of complex heart defect was earlier treated by open heart surgery. This was successfully done by using umbrella device by an angiogram technique which is a non-surgical method.''A team of cardiologists and surgeons from SJICSR under Dr Manjunath have successfully conducted balloon mitral valvuloplasty procedure through which the narrowed valve was made bigger resulting in complete relief to the patient.\"The advantages of this modern technology are that there is no need for general anesthesia and blood transfusion and the patient can get back to work after 48 hours against three to four weeks (one week at the hospital and three weeks at home) bed rest after undergoing open heart surgery,\" said Manjunath. He added that about 50% of heart diseases could be treated by non-surgical methods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "14970627", "title": "NRI opens free training centre for farm widows, children", "text": "YAVATMAL: Moved by the plight of farm widows and their children in Vidarbha, Oman-based technocrat Krishnakumar Taori on Saturday started a computer training centre at village Ghuikhed from where he belongs. The distressed persons would be taught free to fight the agrarian crisis.The centre, set up in memory of his mother Kamlabai Taori in which children of farmers studying in standards VIII to XII and farm widows would be given training, was inaugurated by member of Parliament from Akola Sanjay Dhotre at Ghuikhed, near Chandur Bazar. Former MLA Arun Adsad was present. President of Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti Kishore Tiwari spoke about the need for opening more such centres which is expected to seek expertise of Yavatmal-based Vidyadeep Sansthan headed by lawyer Shivaji Gade.Technocrat's father Dr Badridas Taori recalled his contribution to the health care of the poor and the needy, saying he resigned from a permanent job in the health department from the then Madhya Pradesh and returned to Ghuikhed to serve the people.Dhotre lauded the noble cause of setting up the free training centre so that the poor children could get computer knowledge. He urged children to become self-sufficient.Adsad highlighted the benefits of computer and Internet and urged students to join the training centre.Krishnakumar Taori spoke of the plans to set up an ITI in the village so that youths could get training in various technical trades and promote establishment of small industrial units to earn livelihood.Ghuikhed, which comes under the submergence area of Bhembla river irrigation project, has a population of 8,000. The government has already acquired the land. Though alternative plots and compensation were given to the affected, the villagers are yet to be shifted.Krishnakumar said he would try to rehabilitate maximum number of suicide-hit farmers' families on long-term basis and hoped the training centre having five batches of 18 students each would help meet the goal.Gajanan Sonone conducted the function while VJAS general secretary Mohan Jadhav proposed a vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14969889", "title": "Anti-ragging laws forgotten", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With a few days to go for the next session to begin, most city colleges are still not abiding by the anti-ragging guidelines. Most of these institutions are not complying with a basic premise to curb ragging in educational institutes at the time of admission --- that of submission of an affidavit by students, saying that they would not indulge in any ragging, which has been made mandatory by the UGC. Panjab University departments too are yet to put up posters with helpline numbers.Three years ago, the case of Aman Kachru, a medical student who was ragged to death by seniors at Dr Rajender Prasad Tanda Medical College, Kangra on March 8, 2009, had caused a public outcry across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14995275", "title": "I would love to sing a Hindi song: Natalie", "text": "Her life has been like a fairy tale. She posted an innocent video on Youtube , and that changed her life beyond belief. Natalie Di Luccio, didn't have the remotest of an idea that she was totally unaware of the moment that will take her on a dream ride, from Canada to India as a playback singer singing for the music maestro A R Rahman. Now she is a regular in his troupe, touring around the world winning many hearts singing in her signature accented style. But the people are loving her. That is the power of music.Ask her about this dream come true and she says, \"Working with A R Rahman is like an experience everyday. He is a gem of a person and you get to learn so much when you are around him, that it's like a dream in itself.\" For someone who didn't even know what Bollywood is, now has songs in Bittoo Boss , Chalo Dilli and Band Baja Baraat.Natalie says, \"I would love to sing a Hindi song sometime in the future. Bollywood is an industry that gives a chance to everyone. Though I have my own limitations considering my foreign background and the accent, but I am hoping that there will be work for me in an industry that has a lot to offer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14968071", "title": "3 people go missing in Jaipur every day", "text": "JAIPUR: Almost three people go missing every day from the city and the police efforts to resolve the cases seems to be heading nowhere. Despite Rajasthan high court pulling up cops, the slow pace of investigation continues. In fact, a special cell was formed by police to tackle the cases of missing persons, but it has failed to make any inroads. however, almost three people are going missing every day from the city alone since the past one month and most of them have remained elusive to the police.About 50% of the missing people are below the age of 20.As many as 100 people were reported missing from Jaipur in June. Experts raised a question mark over the seriousness of police, claiming that only missing complaints are being registered. \"In some cases, a kidnapping or child labour-related crime comes to light during investigations. However, not a single FIR is lodged. Cops only register a missing persons report,\" said A K Jain, a Rajasthan HC advocate who had filed a petition regarding this a few months ago. The petition is still being heard by court.Jain said that if a 15-year-old girl goes missing, the police tend to wait 3-4 days for her return. \"Even the information and photos of the missing person is only sent to newspapers for publication about three days after the incident. During that period, if a child has been subjected to any crime, a criminal may even get away with it,\" he added.Rajasthan HC had in May summoned the DGP and additional DGP (crime) in person to explain the lacunae in the investigations. The court was peeved at the fact that the investigating officers were not provided with any assistance by their seniors and by the time a missing person was traced, he was either dead or had undergone immense suffering. As per official records, there are 6,000 persons missing for the past eight years in the state.\"We had a meeting on May 23 after the Rajasthan HC order. We instructed all the range IGs and SPs to constitute special cells and teams to trace the missing persons,\" a senior police officer told TOI.\"We have streamlined the investigation into missing persons' cases. An officer with the rank not less than assistant sub-inspector investigates a missing person's case. Besides, the special cell also gets involved whenever necessary,\" said Additional DCP, crime Raghuveer Saini who heads the special cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14992521", "title": "195 pound test to fortell chances of balding", "text": "By spending just 195 pounds, men can now find out their chances of losing their hair and start early treatment.A DNA test, costing 195 pounds, will determine whether a gene is present that causes follicles to stop growing, the Daily Express reported.Similar to a paternity test, a swab is taken of the inside cheek. It is then analysed in the US and the results are returned in 10 days.Men testing positive have a 70 per cent chance of losing around 60 per cent of their hair by the age of 40.A negative result, however, means a 90 per cent chance of remaining hirsute.Dr Bessam Farjo, who offers the test at his clinics in London and Manchester , said the test was for men \"not showing clear signs of hair loss but are concerned about losing their hair. Maybe their father or grandfather went bald\".Knowing the changes of going bald earlier could help those looking to start early treatment before their follicles start to fail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14971197", "title": "Private schools divided over bandh", "text": "MYSORE: Private school managements in Mysore are divided over supporting the Karnataka (Recognized) Unaided Schools Managements' Association (KUSMA) which called for a week-long closure of schools from Monday against the government's decision to implement the Right To Education Act.Majority of the private schools in the city will remain open on Monday as the representatives of these schools decided to wait for the state government's response. However, private schools associated with the KUSMA will be shut. Representatives of the CBSE, ICSE and State Private Schools Management Association, Mysore division, met on Sunday and decided against closing down the schools.According to Sudhakar Shetty, president of the Mysore divisional CISPMAM, representatives of 140 city-based private schools attended the meeting.\"Most of the members said closure is not needed when the government has called a meeting to discuss the issue. Many of us are not closing on Monday. We'll decide the next step based on the outcome of the meeting with the government,\" Raghu, chief of Kautilya Vidyalaya, told TOI.Majority of the schools, including Jnanasarovara International residential school, Pramati Hill View Academy, Pushkarani, Cauvery School, Vijaya Vittala school, Badan Powel Public School, Excel Public School, Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan School will be open, Raghu said. Many private schools in Mysore, Mandya, Kodagu and Chamarajanagar districts will not close at least on Monday. However, KUSMA-affiliated schools will go ahead with the protest.\"We've decided to shut down the private schools and we will go ahead with it,\" KUSMA secretary A Mariyappa said.Fifty per cent of the city schools are affiliated to KUSMA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14968929", "title": "Realty rates drop in Lower Parel", "text": "MUMBAI: The light seems to be dimming behind the glass facade of many swanky new office buildings in Mumbai's alternative financial district of Lower Parel.Office sales and rentals here have fallen by almost a third in two years. The reason is a building boom that took place after various mill land sales 4-5 years ago. In the following period, Lower Parel saw the launch of nine major projects, creating office space of nearly 5 million sq ft.Two corporate houses, including the Anchor Group, which runs a real estate and a switches business, last week bought over 38,000 sq ft (carpet area) in Tower B of Peninsula Business Park for about Rs 17,000 per sq ft. The tower is owned by Alok Realtors, the real estate arm of Alok Industries . Also, Tata AIG recently bought about 1 lakh sq ft of office space on three floors in Tower A from Peninsula Land Pvt Ltd for about Rs 16,500 per sq ft. In 2010, the asking rate for office premises in these buildings was over Rs 22,000 per sq ft.The situation is the same in office rentals. \"Developers stuck with inventory are ready to offer big discounts to attract tenants and buyers. Some are even ready to negotiate the deal close to cost price,\" said a property consultant.What was available for Rs 275 per sq ft three years ago is now on offer for Rs 150-Rs 175 per sq ft. Developers like Indiabulls Real Estate are negotiating large deals by offering discounts on the going rate of Rs 150 per sq ft for their buildings in Lower Parel. The last major deal at one of the firm's buildings took place at Rs 125 per sq ft a month ago, against Rs 155 per sq ft a year ago. Also, Loreal leased over 50,000 sq ft in Marathon Futurex for about Rs 205 per sq ft.Property consultants believe prices will continue to remain soft for a year. \"Currently, Lower Parel is facing an over supply situation, with above 20% vacancy in 1.5-2million sq ft of ready office space,\" said Ravi Ahuja, executive director of property consultants Cushman and Wakefield. \"It is interesting to note that residential values are 50% higher than commercial values in Lower Parel, suggesting a healthy recovery once supply starts getting absorbed over time. Lower Parel will prove to be an attractive investment in the medium to long term at these values, with demand arising from companies looking to relocate with an objective to rationalize costs.\"Key buildings that have major vacancy levels in Lower Parel are Peninsula Business Park A and B, where 83% and 70% space, respectively, are yet to be leased. Marathon Futurex, of which only the first phase is ready, has 92% vacancy, while One Indiabulls and Indiabulls Finance Centre have 15% and 30% vacancy, respectively, as per data from DTZ.Prices of luxury houses dip for first time in 5 yrsRajshri MehtaMUMBAI: American real estate tycoon Donald Trump , who is lending his name for a soon-to-be-launched luxury tower, might want to rethink the timing of his entry into India's luxury property market.The reason: an estimated 20% of luxury apartments in South Mumbai are lying unsold, say brokers and analysts. Not only that, the prices of these 1,000-odd apartments, currently at over Rs 50,000 per sq ft, have dropped for the first time in five years by 18-20%. Since 2007, prices of luxury apartments had increased by a record 64%.At present, these apartments, mostly over 2,000 sq ft in area, cost above Rs 8 crore. Prices have dropped also because the plans of these flats have been resubmitted to the BMC for approval. Other reasons include financial constraints and family disputes.Residential apartments in India, including those in the luxury market, are typically sold before they are fully constructed. Analysts say developers in India sometimes purposely delay construction to ensure that they do not have a large number of unsold units in their ready buildings.Samantak Das, national head (research), Knight Frank, said, \"The prime property market in cities like Mumbai operates in extremes. When sentiments are buoyant on account of strong economic outlook, investors, mainly in prime properties, queue up for buying and during lean times, they totally abstain from investment activities. During 2010, prices appreciated by 17% in this segment and was primarily due to positive sentiments that emerged on account of green shoots in the economy after the slowdown.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14972472", "title": "J&K; MLA seeks mercy for Afzal Guru from Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "SRINAGAR: A Jammu &amp; Kashmir MLA on Sunday sought clemency for Parliament attack accused Afzal Guru from UPA's presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee . Independent MLA, Sheikh Abdul Rasheed, from J&K;'s Langate constituency, submitted a petition to Mukherjee on his campaign trail in Srinagar.\"Hanging Muhammad Afzal Guru will have disastrous consequences for the strife-torn state and will hurt the psyche of the people,\" said Rasheed in his petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14976057", "title": "Magisterial probe into death of 8-yr-old in booster station pit", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A magisterial inquiry has been ordered into the death of an eight-year-old boy, who fell into an uncovered pit of a water boosting station in Bhiwani on Friday night. Mukki was out playing with his friends when he fell accidentally into the pit, police officers said.\"When Mukki didn't return home, we started searching for him in the pit,\" said Satpal, the victim's father and a resident of Bawani Khera town of the district. \"A group of neighbours went around the boosting station and decided to look for him in the pit. One of them entered the half-filled pit and found Mukki lying at the bottom,\" he added.An unconscious Mukki was rushed to a private hospital, where he was declared brought dead. \"It was the negligence of officials at the boosting station which took my son's life,\" Satpal alleged and demanded that action is taken against errant employees. The ground around the pit is slippery because of continuous flow of water.\"We have already asked Bhiwani SDM Pankaj Kumar to conduct a through probe into the incident and submit its report at the earliest for further action,\" said Bhiwani deputy commissioner Ashok Kumar Meena.Officials of the public health engineering department, nevertheless, remained defensive. \"The boy probably failed to come out (of the pit) because of the slush. Otherwise, the water level was not more than three feet,'' claimed boosting station in charge and sub divisional engineer R S Maan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14968344", "title": "Cousins held for heist at Sai Baba Temple", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two cousins have been arrested for committing a heist at a Sai Baba temple recently.According to additional CP (west) V Renganathan, Charanjeet Singh (25) and Mahender Singh (25) began stealing after Charanjeet's mother fell ill. This way they got stuck in the crime world and continued stealing to maintain a lavish lifestyle.The accused were reportedly inspired by bollywood film \" Doodh Ka Karz\" where stealing was not considered bad as long as it was done for a \"noble cause\". Charanjeet works as a sewak in gurdwaras and has been involved in six cases of burglaries before. His associate Mahender has been arrested previously in two cases of burglaries. Recently, they burgled the Sai Baba temple in Kotla Mubarakpur. Gold and silver jewellery has been recovered from the accused.The receiver, Anil Patil alias Maratha, has also been arrested from Bareilly in UP.During interrogation, Charanjeet and Mahender told police that they are related and come from Udham Singh Nagar, Uttarakhand. They belonged to a poor family and studied till Class five only. \"After coming to Delhi, they started working in local Gurdwaras. Charanjeet has a good personality and is very good in playing Tabla. This attracted many young girls towards him and he became friendly to more than 25 girls. Mahender on the other hand is fond of liquor. However, when their lavish expenses could not meet their income, they committed theft in a Gurudwara. They were arrested and thrown out of the job,'' said Renganathan.After coming out of jail they started working as auto drivers and used to target houses and temples to commit crime. Charanjeet took to crime when his mother was very ill and he has no money to get medicines for her. ``He was very frustrated and during this period he watched a Bollywood movie 'Doodh Ka Karz\" where the hero commits theft to save his mother from illness. He was so much inspired by the film that he took to commit crime. The gang was arrested many times. \"Charanjeet was arrested in February and was released on June 2. About a months ago, the duo committed a theft in a temples of Sai Baba Mandir and sold 4 kg silverware for Rs. 1,30,000,'' added Renganathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14968965", "title": "Academic session starts at Lucknow University without undergraduate results", "text": "LUCKNOW: The new academic session at Lucknow University is beginning today, but there is hardly any sign of announcement of undergraduate results. Except for the final year BA, BSc and BCom, the university has not announced results of any UG course, thus leaving the students in lurch. Students who are already enrolled in the university are clueless, as to whether they should attend classes or not.\"We don't know whether we have cleared our previous year's exams. The university seems to have a casual attitude towards the students,\" said Priyanka Singh, an arts student. Another student Sumit Kumar said, \"It's irritating to come to the university without knowing about the results. If we start attending the classes and then come to know we have a back in some subjects, it is more humiliating. The university should declare results before commencing the new academic session.\"Though the students are excited to meet their friends, but are perplexed whether to attend classes or not. Those who have already spent two years in the campus say that delay in results, examinations and admissions is nothing new to the university. Blaming the university administration, a student said, \"Nothing here happens on time. It is such a reputed university, but is not student friendly.\"University officials, however, said that there is no problem for students in attending classes. When asked to comment on the delay of results, university'sController of examination, Prof Yashvir Tyagi said, \"The evaluation process is already over. It is expected that the rest of the results would be declared in a week's time.\" He added that the university first declared the final year results, so that students seeking admission in post-graduate courses in other universities do not face any problem. Prof Tyagi said that except for UG students, the university has announced majority of the post-graduate results.\"The PG students of odd semesters will face no problem in attending their classes from day one,\" he said.It is to note that the state government has fixed June 30 as the deadline for declaration of results. But this is hardly adhered to by LU. Last year, less than 25% results were declared by LU by June 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14970258", "title": "Few takers for copies of SSC, HSC answer sheets", "text": "PUNE: The scheme of the Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education to provide copies of answer sheets to students has met with a cold response in its maiden year.As per the figures provided by the board, about 13.26 lakh students appeared for the HSC examination, of which over nine lakh students cleared the exam. However, only 7,740 students from the state asked for the copies of the answer sheets. Total 14.85 lakh students appeared for the SSC examination, of which 12.8 lakh students passed and only 3,667 students asked for copies of their answer sheets.For availing the copies of the answer sheets, students need to submit an application to the board in a prescribed format on the website of the board. A fee of Rs 400 per answer sheet is charged.If the total of the number of students demanding for answer sheets is calculated, not even 1% of the total number of students, including HSC and SSC, has asked for the copies of answer sheets. While only 0.25% students of secondary school certificate (SSC, std X) submitted application for copies of their answer sheets, a meagre 0.58% students from higher secondary certificate (HSC, std XII) students applied for the same.The HSC and SSC results were announced recently, and the state board introduced a scheme where students, who are doubtful about the marks they have got, can ask to see the answer sheets. The scheme was introduced after the Supreme Court, in a judgment in August 2011, directed the examination board to grant students access to their answer sheets.While the Mumbai division saw highest number of application for both the SSC and HSC, the newly-formed Konkan division saw the lowest application for the both exams.When contacted, Sarjerao Jadhav, the board chairman, he said, \"This is the first year of introducing the scheme. Probably not many were aware of it. In the coming years we might see a surge in these applications. At the same time, it also shows the trust of the students in the examination system.\"Division-wise numbers of students who sought the answer sheetsDivision SSC HSCPune 654 1,498Nagpur 274 605Aurangabad 440 788Mumbai 1,114 2,506Kolhapur 270 460Amravati 366 712Nashik 235 564Latur 259 514Konkan 55 93Total 3,667 7,740", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14967351", "title": "Contractors asked to stick to safety norms", "text": "INDORE: Indore Development Authority (IDA), which has been facing large scale criticism over the lack of safety measures in the ongoing Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor project, has asked all the contractors involved in the project to strictly follow the safety norms laid down in the tender condition or else, they will be held responsible for any accidents.The tender for construction works comprises several safety conditions, which were to be followed strictly at the construction sites. However, sources said that safety conditions were blatantly ignored right from the beginning of the BRTS corridor project.Even IDA had not taken any effort to enforce the safety norms, claimed sources. Now onwards, the contractors will have to seek the permission of traffic department before carrying out any works on road. The contractor concerned will have to first chalk out the alternate road for the section of road, where the construction works will be carried out and get it approved by the traffic department. Besides this, necessary awareness and publicity are mandatory on the work and alternate route before starting any work.In addition to this, the contractor will have to obtain no-objection certificate from time to time, said an IDA official. The condition of the road changes every day the way the works are progressing and permission taken from traffic department at the beginning of the works will not be valid till the end, says the official adding that a contractor will have to take permission from time to time.The construction site must be fenced, sign boards should be installed informing about the ongoing works and traffic diversion besides proper arrangements of light at construction site. In addition to this, if works are going on at night, then workers should have necessary safety gears, radium-coated dress and barricades with reflectors or glowing signs, so that motorists can see the work site even from distance.The contractor will also have to put caution messages and direction marking on the road at regular interval. A detail alternate route should be displayed with safety tips.Meanwhile, in-charge minister of Indore, Gopal Bhargav, hoped that the BRTS corridor project would be completed by September this year. The minister said that works would be completed on time and obstacles including religious places would be removed after talks with the people concerned. As many as 13 religious places, which are coming on the way of the project, are to be removed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14971349", "title": "Aerobridge, X-ray hurdles for terminal", "text": "KOLKATA: Delay in the installation of a crucial system and approval of another may hold up commissioning of the new integrated terminal at Kolkata airport.While aerobridges used to transfer passengers between the terminal and the aircraft are yet to reach Kolkata from Indonesia , the in-line baggage X-ray system has been installed, but is yet to be approved by the Bureau of Civil Aviation Security (BCAS). Both equipment are crucial for security as well as ease of passenger movement.At the trial run on Sunday, passengers arriving by the flight were taken aback when they learnt that they had to use a step ladder to disembark from the aircraft and then take an airline coach to the new terminal.\"Aerobridges are a critical part of any airport and should function from day one. What is the point of having a really modern terminal when the passenger transfer system is archaic?\" wondered student Avik Kaul who arrived by the IndiGo Airlines flight.Not that there aren't any provisions for aerobridges. The new terminal has provisions for 18 aerobridges. The rectangular steel tresses that will hold them are ready. But the Indonesian firm PT Bukaka Teknik Utama is yet to ship in the equipment. Operations at Chennai airport has also been held up due to delay in supply of aerobridges by the same firm.While the firm has a poor track record with a former airport director even recommending that the company be blacklisted for poor after-sales service (Bukaka had delivered two aerobridges in the existing domestic terminal), Airports Authority of India (AAI) handed the order for 18 aerobridges for Kolkata and seven for Chennai to it after the Union home ministry refused to clear the Chinese firms that had originally been selected citing security reasons. The delay in placing the order has led to the equipment's late arrival.\"If the aerobridges are not installed when the terminal is commissioned, it will be a major embarrassment for the AAI because getting on to the tarmac and travelling in coaches is unheard of in any modern airport. In several countries, there are aerobridges for transfer to and from smaller aircraft like ATR and CRJ as well,\" said Indian American banker Darius Lilaoonwala who also arrived by the IndiGo flight.If the aerobridge issue is giving airport officials sleepless nights, the conundrum over the in-line baggage X-ray is a worry for the airlines. Against conventional X-ray machines where baggage is screened and then certified safe for transfer to the airline's care at the check-in counter, the in-line system allows multi-tier screening while the baggage moves along the conveyer belt. Not only does this eliminate another queue at the departure lounge and free up space occupied by the bulky X-ray machine, it also ensures less hassle for passengers and airline operators.Though 10 in-line X-ray machines have been installed, BCAS that is in-charge of overseeing safety at airports and in the sky, has not approved them yet. Though there is still some time to get its clearance, test flights at the departure terminal cannot be started without it. In-line X-ray is in operation at Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore and Hyderabad.If the approval does not come within a month, AAI will have no option but to install the conventional X-ray machines in the new terminal. \"BCAS has issued a new circular requiring 20% baggage or one in every five bags to be physically X-rayed. That means the machines have to be installed somewhere. If the in-line baggage X-ray system is cleared, the conventional machines will be installed in the baggage makeup area that passengers don't have access to. Otherwise, they will have to be placed in the departure lounge and will be a pain and an eyesore,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14967378", "title": "IIIT admissions on July 26, 27", "text": "HYDERABAD: Admissions to integrated B Tech course of Andhra Pradesh IIITs or Rajiv Gandhi University of Knowledge Technologies will be held on July 26 and 27. Releasing the list of qualified students, minister for higher education Damodar Raja Narasimha said that a total of 1,800 crores have been allocated as funds for revamping infrastructure in the three campuses of the university located in Basar, Nuzivid and RK Valley.A total of 2,807 seats out of 3,000 seats will be filled by students from rural areas while 193 sets will be filled by physically-challenged students. The admissions to the institute will be done as per the amendment to the presidential orders issued in June 2012, i.e., the merit list prepared by assigning 0.4% marks to the Grade Point Average obtained by students from rural areas.The university had put their admissions on hold this year as the SSC board introduced grading process for the first time. The extra score of 0.4% which was added to students from rural backgrounds, called additional deprivation score, is meant to level out the socio-economic backwardness.As per the region-wise reservation policies, a total of 1002 seats will be set aside for students from Andhra University area, 859 seats for students from Osmania University area and 525 for students from SV university area.tnn Among all the students who made it to the merit list 50.30% were girls and the rest being boys.Going by the motto of the university 88% of the seats are reserved for people from rural background while only 12% seats are for open merit. Faculty recruitment to the campuses will be made in a phased manner, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "14972246", "title": "Hazaribag youth unites with family after 17 years", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Thirty two-yearold Himanshu, who was believed to have been swept away in a flood between Giridih and Madhupur, 17 years ago, reunited with his family recently after his relatives chanced upon him at a Mumbai hotel.Narrating the incident Himanshu said a bus carrying over 50 passengers was swept away in a flood in the Ushri river, in 1995. Despite warnings, the driver risked the safety of the passengers and tried crossing the bridge which was just three to four feet above the danger level. However, he lost control over the vehicle and the entire bus was swept away by a strong current. All the passengers were feared killed in the tragedy.On getting information, relatives of the victims along with police and expert divers launched a massive search operation for the passengers traveling in the bus but Himangshu could not be located.His family considered him to be dead and performed his last rites, years back. Himanshu was barely 15 years old then.Himangshu, hailing from Daroo village, said, following the incident, he lost his memory and could not recollect his name or address. Finding no other way, his rescuers took him to Kolkata where he worked at a hotel. It was there he met Bhaiya Nish, who ultimately took him to Dadar in Mumbai where he was employed as a cook in another hotel.\"Today when I was reunited with my family in the month of Sawan, the same time of the year when I met with an accident, 17 years back,\" said Himangshu, adding, \"Its like my second birth.\" Suraj Sinha, Himanshu's uncle said that everyone, including his neighbours is happy about the family reunion.Recently he came to Choudhuribandh in Giridih to attend a marriage where local people identified him. As the word spread, his family members rushed to Mumbai and located him at a hotel Mumbai and brought him home on Saturday evening. Everybody recognized him as Himangshu and celebrated the happy reunion after 17 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14992838", "title": "Migraine much more than just bad headache", "text": "Almost everyone suffers from headache pain occasionally, but for many, intense, debilitating headaches accompanied by other neurological symptoms \u2014 also known as migraine syndrome \u2014 are a source of physical misery that can have a devastating effect on their quality of life.According to Dr. Rebecca Poetschke, who treats patients at the new migraine clinic at the Women's Health Center on the campus of ProMedica Herrick Hospital, migraines are actually a group of neurological symptoms that vary widely among sufferers.The American Migraine Foundation, an American nonprofit organization that supports migraine research, states on its website that migraine symptoms generally include severe, recurring intense pain on one side of the head (although both sides can be affected) accompanied by one or more of the following: visual disturbances, nausea, vomiting, dizziness, extreme sensitivity to sensorial stimulation and tingling or numbness in the extremities or face.The fact that migraine syndrome involves multiple symptoms that differ from person to person and often change with each migraine episode can make diagnosing the condition challenging.\"Migraine syndrome affects different people in different ways and to different degrees,\" noted Dr. Steven Sherman, a neurologist who also treats patients in the migraine clinic at the Women's Health Center.\"For mild cases, some people are able to control their symptoms with lifestyle changes. Medications and other treatments may help more severe cases,\" he stated.Although migraine does affect men, almost three times as many women suffer from the syndrome. Migraine can be a genetic disorder, making it common for children whose parents experience migraines to do the same. The American Headache Society estimates that up to 10 percent of children in the United States suffer from migraine.Despite the widespread occurrence of the condition, many migraine sufferers go undiagnosed. While there is no immediate health risk to delaying treatment other than discomfort and lack of productivity, over the long term, research has shown that migraine sufferers are more susceptible to other health problems including depression , anxiety, sleep disorders , other pain conditions and fatigue.\"The key to treating migraine effectively is identifying the patterns of onset and any lifestyle factors that may trigger episodes,\" Poetschke said.\"Many people can learn to manage migraine effectively and reduce their frequency simply by being aware of things that may bring them on and making changes to avoid their triggers,\" he noted.Poetschke suggested that patients keep a diary of their migraine patterns and lifestyle habits for several weeks as a tool for determining the frequency and severity of their attacks and what triggers them.For people who suffer from chronic migraine episodes, additional therapies may be necessary.\"If you are experiencing migraines on a regular basis that are debilitating and impacting your quality of life, you should seek medical attention,\" recommended Sherman.\"While avoiding triggers is important, for some people medication or other clinical treatments are the only way to get their migraines under control, he added.According to Sherman, there are many treatment options for migraine, including oral medications, injections to relax the tight muscles and block nerve pain, and alternative treatments such as acupuncture and massage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14970033", "title": "Shedding flab cuts menopause woes", "text": "LONDON: Ladies, tired of hot flushes? Don't blame your hormones, lose weight instead.A team of American scientists has found that losing excess weight could reduce the level of certain hormones that trigger the symptoms of menopause, the 'Daily Mail' reported. Overweight women tend to produce more oestrogen, a hormone which is thought to aggravate hot flushes and night sweats, according to a study carried out by an American healthcare firm.\"Weight loss, especially loss of fat mass but not lean mass, might help alleviate hot flashes and night sweats,\" lead author Candyce Kroenke said adding that the cause was not completely understood.The study put 17,473 menopausal women who were not on Hormone replacement therapy (HRT) on a low-fat diet of fruit, vegetables and wholegrain bread, cereal, rice and pasta. Women who managed to lose around 4.5 kgs had fewer hot flushes and night sweats over the following year compared to those who only lost a little weight, or stayed the same, the study said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14967902", "title": "Jihadis cheat bosses, pocket terror funds", "text": "MUMBAI: Can dedicated jihadis involved in acts of terrorism also be selfish cheats out to line their own pocket? The answer seems to be a resounding yes going by the investigations into several bomb blast cases in the country. Not only foot-soldiers but even the top brass of the banned outfit Indian Mujahideen (IM) have duped their foreign-based handlers of lakhs of rupees. Money meant to fund terror activities or recruit new operatives was on many occasion siphoned off and used for 'personal benefit'.\"The latest example was slain terror suspect Qateel Siddiqui who was murdered in Pune's Yerwada jail on June 8. He was paid Rs one lakh to enlist new faces into IM. However, when we questioned him about the use of money, he was reluctant to reply. On sustained interrogation, he admitted that he had spent the money on two girls, and that the IM top functionaries were unaware about it,\" said an officer in the state's anti-terrorism squad (ATS) who personally questioned him. Siddiqui was accused in the 2011 Delhi Jama Masjid firing case and the 2010 Chinnaswamy stadium blast case. \"Siddiqui told us that he was not interested in following IM's ideology but was more interested in getting funds for his personal use. He had even opposed several programmes of IM,\" the officer added.Bhatkal invested funds in realtyAmong the more interesting stories about such self-serving mercenary terrorists is that of IM's Indian chief Yaseen Bhatkal alias Shahrukh. \"Several suspects caught recently told us that Bhatkal wanted to become a developer,\" said the ATS officer. \"To begin with, he invested Rs 14 lakh in an under-construction project in Nalasopara. The money had been routed to him by his foreign-based mentors in early 2010 to take care of the legal expenses of the IM members who were in jail. Nobody knew what he did with the money. We have learned that he was interested in investing more money in other projects. Perhaps the founder-members of IM and those who control the outfit's reins trust Bhatkal blindly,\" said the officer.Bhatkal, who is wanted in the German Bakery bomb blast case, the 13/7 triple blasts, the Delhi arms factory case and the Jama Masjid firing among others, allegedly oversees all IM operations in India. He has been able to dodge the police twice in the past. He even spent some time in a jail but police could not recognize him.The money is sent to IM operatives in India by the outfit's fund-raising members based either in Pakistan or the UAE through hawala.Similar is the case of Mirza Himayat Baig, the lone arrested suspect in the German Bakery blast that killed 17. Baig attended a conspiracy meeting along with IM leader and accused Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal and Fayyaz Kagzi in Colombo prior to the blast. Later, he was sent Rs 12.5 lakh for the terror 'mission'. While he used Rs 10 lakh on operational expenses, the remaining Rs 2.5 lakh went towards paying off his various debts. \"Most IM operatives use this modus operandi since there is no accountability where money is concerned in the outfit. The top functionaries are bothered only about operations. The money does not come out of their pockets and hence they do not care to keep tabs on it,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14975089", "title": "Higher Education and Research Bill issue: Autonomy overruled", "text": "Recently, lawyers across India participated in protests against the proposed Higher Education and Research Bill (HER). Their contention \u2014 the bill will usurp the Bar Council of India's (BCI's ) control over legal education. However, not all lawyers in the country support the strike or demands to exclude legal education from the purview of the bill. Anand Grover, senior advocate, Supreme Court, opines, \"Though the Bar Council has failed in modernising the legal system, it does represent the body of lawyers in a democratic manner. The new bill seeks to take away the power of the BCI and vest it in bureaucrats. We need a mix of the two systems.\" Concurs Mumtaz Bandukwala, partner, Junarkar and Associates, \"Protests and strikes affect people such as litigants who are not responsible for situations like these. BCI should only be concerned about administrative powers and legal ethics. Education should be looked at on a different, national level.\"For the uninitiated, the BCI plays a crucial role in legal education in India under The Advocates Act, 1961. As per this act, the BCI defines standards of legal education in consultation with the universities in India imparting legal education and State Bar Councils. The council inspects and recognises universities, the degree of which is considered a qualification for enrolment as an advocate. It also recognises, on a reciprocal basis, the foreign qualifications in law obtained outside India for the purpose of admission as an advocate in India. However, most academicians maintain that the BCI has not fulfilled its duties appropriately. Shamnad Basheer, Ministry of HRD professor in IP Law, NUJS, West Bengal , says, \"Unfortunately, the Bar Council has never consulted legal academics meaningfully. Rather, it has gone on to make derogatory remarks against the capabilities of legal academics in its recent submission to the Parliamentary Committee reviewing HER. It is high time the BCI appreciated that legal education norms are best framed by those that engage in legal education full-time . To the extent that the HER seeks to endorse this philosophy, it is a welcome move.\"The HER will strip the BCI of all its educational regulatory powers. If the bill is passed, a National Commission for Higher Education and Research (NCHER) will be set up to facilitate determination and maintenance of standards of higher education and research in all areas except agricultural education. A General Council (GC) will be appointed to advise the NCHER on issues such as access, adequacy of funding and quality. The GC will consist of members of the NCHER, representatives of State Higher Education Council, heads of each professional body (including the BCI) and research council, one director each from IIT, IIM and national law universities. The NCHER may, with prior approval of the GC, make regulations specifying requirements for award of a degree or diploma, standards for appointment of vicechancellors , norms of academic quality for accreditation, norms for establishment and winding up of educational institutions, and regulation for entry of foreign educational institutions. The HRD ministry, however, has maintained that the BCI's autonomy in so far as specifying standards of higher education concerning practice in courts shall not be affected as a result of this bill.For more stories, visit www.myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14968814", "title": "Erosion threat to Mansi rail track persists", "text": "PATNA: The threat to railway track on Mansi-Saharsa section near Mansi in Khagaria district persists even as anti-erosion work at the site has been going on a war footing to control the situation and prevent the snapping of communication from Saharsa and Madhepura.Water resources department (WRD) sources said the intensity of erosion threat on the railway track near Mansi, as it was two days ago, had subsided since the department's engineers managed to control the erosion threat by pitching boulders along the bank of the river in the vulnerable section of the track.The flow of water into the river through Birpur barrage had been increased due to heavy rain in the river's catchment areas lying in Nepal. On Saturday morning around 11 am, the flow of water through the river had come down to 1.23 lakh cusecs, but increased again to 1.69 lakh cusecs due to heavy rain recorded on the day.This, in turn, had increased the pressure of water on the bank of the river Kosi near Mansi and other vulnerable points. \"The engineers camping at the site are alert and also engaged in mitigating the threat of erosion. The situation is in control,\" WRD source said.Similarly, the flow of water in the river Gandak had also increased, from 1.47 lakh cusec in the morning to 1.52 lakh in the evening. However, all the rivers, except Bhutahi Balan that flows through Madhubani district, are flowing below the danger mark. \"Bhutahi Balan is unpredictable, as its menace is regulated by the increase in rainwater, if and when it happens, but it is flowing very slightly above the danger mark,\" the source said.Meanwhile, WRD principal secretary Afzal Amanullah, who inspected the safety and status of embankments in six districts of Samastipur, Bhagalpur, Saharsa, Supaul, Madhubani and Darbhanga, and also at Birpur barrage across the river Kosi in Nepal, has asked the WRD engineers to keep a vigil and also remain alert.He assessed the condition of embankments built for protection to farmers from the floods caused by such rivers as Kosi, Kamla, Adhwara, Kareh and Khiroi. \"All the embankments are safe. WRD principal secretary has asked the engineers to ensure that round the clock patrolling has been done to make timely detection of any breach in the embankment for quick response and plugging of the breach,\" WRD source said.WRD minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary, who reviewed the safety of embankments and also took stock of the flow of water through the western Kosi canal system (WKCS), ordered that the release of water through WKCS be increased to 2,500 cusec for irrigation purposes down to its last end. Earlier, only 1,850 cusec of water was flowing through the WKCS network.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "dholpur", "code": "14967778", "title": "Otters to become part of Chambal sanctuary", "text": "DHOLPUR: The National Chambal Gharial Wildlife Sanctuary will soon have new members. The forest department is planning to place otters in the sanctuary and a detailed strategy has been chalked out for it.In a research conducted by the Crocodile Trust Bank it came to notice that the Chambal sanctuary was home to otters too till a few years back. However, they gradually became extinct because of unavoidable reasons. Now forest department is gearing up to bring them back. A detailed project report is being prepared for their habitation.\"We have conducted some research and found out that it is best suited for otters. They were present in certain parts of the Chambal river till five years back,\" said an official of the forest department. He added, \"Otters like fish. There is abundant fish in the river. The river is not very deep low and the area is a little mountainous, a perfect place for habitation of otters\"The department is also seeking experts' opinion and conducting research for more details on otters. A special committee has been constituted to work on the plant to rehabilitee otters. \"As soon as we receive the green signal form wildlife experts and officials we will bring otters in the zoo and place them in the identified areas,\" said KR Kala, district forest office, Dholpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14970645", "title": "Dalit crushed to death in Etawah district", "text": "KANPUR: A Dalit man and his son, who refused to sell their agricultural land to one of their neighbours, were allegedly crushed to death on Saturday in Udhannpura village under Ekdil police station of Etawah district.A case of murder has been registered.According to police, the accused followed Tulsiram (55) and his son Sudhir Kumar (30), who were working in their agricultural fields on Saturday on a tractor for some distance before running over them.Quoting eye-witnesses, the police officer added, \"After knocking Tulsiram down, latter's son Sudhir, who rushed to his fathers rescue was also knocked several times.\" Tulsiram died at the spot while Sudhir succumbed to wounds undergoing treatment at mini PGI in Saifai on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14968936", "title": "'Nikahnama' should be accepted as marriage certificate: All India Muslim Personal Law Board", "text": "LUCKNOW: In view of problems faced by Muslim couples in getting passports, the executive committee of the All India Muslim Personal Law Board on Sunday passed a resolution demanding that the Nikahnama - the testimony of marriage in Islam - should be accepted as a marriage registration certificate by the government agencies. The Board also pointed out the union government's proposed Wakf Amendment Bill 2010 has many defects and the attitude of Law Ministry and Ministry of Minorities Affairs is irrational in this matter. The committee also expressed deep concern about the manner in which CBI is prosecuting Babri Masjid case in Rae Bareli's special court.\"Though the Nikahnama has been provided a legal status in India, the passport office does not accept the document as the proof of marriage, resulting in unnecessary harassment of the Muslims applying for the passport. They are forced to take round of the tehsil office for getting official certificate from the registrar of marriages. We want that the Nikahnama to be accepted as marriage certificate,\" said Mohammad Abdul Rahim Quraishi, general secretary of the board. He said that Board has decided to constitute committees in various states to study registration laws and to make representation to the respective state governments to recognise Nikahnama and include it in the Acts/rules. \"Muslims have no problems with marriage registration. In fact Islam is the only religion with an elaborate system of marriage registration. Our system is age-old and has a presence even in the remotest village. The document is available with the Qazis who solemnise Nikah,\" he said.The six-hour-long meeting that took place at Islamic seminary Darul Uloom Nadwa-tul-Ulema on Sunday. Chaired by AIMPLB president, Maulana Rabe Hasan Nadwi, besides problems in marriage registration, the executive committee also expressed concern on some judgments against principles of Shariat in matters of divorce and maintenance to divorced women.It was decided that the AIMPLB would move the apex court for a review of the judgements. \"Shariat is part of Islam and Muslims are bound to follow it, \" Quraishi said..The members also condemned the Centre's role particularly that of ministries of law and minority affairs in connection with the Central Waqf Amendment Bill, 2010. \"They have been creating hurdles in letting us preserve, protect and recover waqf properties and to make the waqf board a representative of the Muslim community,\" said Zafaryab Jilani, member of the executive committee.Quraishi said that The Waqf (Amendment) Bill, 2010 may be introduced with amendments in the Monsoon session of Parliament. Sachar committee has recommended that Waqf should be declared public premises, which implies that if there is any encroachment then it would be responsibility of the district administration to clear it, he said. Accusing central government of not accepting the suggestions made by the AIMPLB, he demanded that survey of Waqf properties should start from the date of Independence instead of the date of enforecement as provided in the present Bill. Quraishi said that even the Supreme Court has said that \"once a Waqf property always a Waqf property.\" He said that the Bill says that if Waqf is not registered then it would have no right of seeking judicial remedy. \"It is a democracy and there is rule of law. Right of judicial remedy is being taken away, \" he alleged. He said that the AIMPLB has decided to launch a campaign against the Waqf Bill in present form after the Ramzan month.Expressing deep concern over the manner in which CBI is prosecuting Babri Masjid case in Rae Bareli's special court, the AIMPLB members said that the Board feels that the agency does not appear to be serious tor ensure severe punishment to all the accused in the case. They said that members were of the view that the statements of the secular people related with the case are not being presented before the court in a proper manner.In response to a query regarding diktats issued by khap panchyats particularly the one recently given by a panchayat (that asked women under 40 not to go to markets or crowded places, use cell phones and discouraged love marriages) in Baghpat, Quraishi said, \"Everyone knows how seriously people take these decisions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14973333", "title": "Where have all the students gone?", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With supply more than demand, another year of largescale vacancies is anticipated in Plus II colleges. Only 2.96 lakh students have submitted applications for a sanctioned strength of 3.10 lakh seats.In a desperate attempt to woo students, the government has extended the last date to submit applications by a week, from July 13 to July 20.In the 2011-12 academic session, only 2.75 lakh students had submitted the application forms for 3.08 lakh seats, of which only 2.55 lakh students took admission, leaving over 52,000 seats in Plus II colleges vacant. If a similar ratio of applications and actual admission persists this year, over 50,000 seats are expected to remain vacant in colleges.All students who have applied may not take admission as many may move to industrial training institutes (ITIs) and diploma engineering instead. There are around 20,000 diploma engineering seats and 40,000 ITIs in the state.\"Vacancies will be higher this time as far more seats are available compared to the number of students passing matriculation examination,\" said R N Panda, principal of Institute of Higher Secondary Education, a Plus II college in the city.Panda said one of the reasons behind poor Plus II admission may be the \"faulty\" e-admission process, which may be leaving some students confused. Notably, the government allowed the option of manual admission this year following the Orissa high court's intervention in this regard.Former BJB (Junior) College principal S N Mohanty said the government is not doing enough to check the trend of largescale vacancies in junior colleges. \"Most of the colleges don't have sufficient faculty members, laboratory and library. Over the years, the number of colleges have gone up but the number of properly functional colleges is going down drastically. Even premier colleges such as BJB and Ravenshaw don't have enough teachers,\" Mohanty said.Government authorities, however, are hoping the admission scenario may improve this year. \"Five more days are left for the last date of application. We hope the number of vacant seats will be less this year,\" said regional director of education (Bhubaneswar) Dr Kamala Prasad Mahapatra.Notably, the government shut down 22 junior colleges this academic year because they did not attract a single student last year.Over 3 lakh students passed the Plus II examination this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14971020", "title": "Vivekanand Express to stay in Varanasi for 3 days", "text": "VARANASI: The Vivekanand Express, carrying an informative exhibition on the life of Swami Vivekanand reached Varanasi junction on Sunday morning. \"It would stay for three days on platform number nine and will be open for denizens to get a glimpse of the life, teachings and philosophies of the multifaceted personality of Swami Vivekanand\", informed Shyama Prosad Kar, incharge of the train. According to Kar, Indian railways is running this special train to mark the 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekanand.It is noteworthy that the five-bogie fully air-conditioned Vivekanand express train, which began its journey from Belur Muth, West Bengal on May 23 is presently in its second phase of journey and is continuously passing through several stations in different parts of the country to spread the message of Vivekanand. It displays some of the rare photographs of the great saint and also some of the materials associated with his life.The exhibition throws light on various stages of Swami Vivekanand's life. His family pictures, including pictures of his siblings and his ancestral house are also displayed in the exhibition along with pictures of his Bangla handwriting, letters, quotes, abstracts from his lectures and teachings. His association with his guru Ramakrishna is also exhibitted in the exhibition in the form of replica of old photographs. Some of his vital teachings about life have been presented in the form of stories and paintings in the exhibition.The exhibition also displays how Vivekanand became a wandering monk after death of his Guru and toured extensively in different parts of the country to get first-hand knowledge of condition in India.It may be recalled that Swami Vivekanand was born as Narendra Nath Dutta in a Bengali family. He was the chief disciple of the 19th century mystic, Ramkrishna Paramhans, and founder of the Ramkrishna Mission. He is considered as a key figure in the introduction of Hindu philosophies of Vedanta and Yoga to the Western world. He is also credited with raising interfaith awareness, and bringing Hinduism to the status of a major world religion during the end of the 19th century. Vivekanand is also considered to be a major force in the revival of Hinduism in modern India.The train will stay in Varanasi till July 17 and will depart for Katani district of Madhya Pradesh. There is no entry fee charged for the exhibition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "thiruvanathapuram", "code": "14969456", "title": "School panel to monitor tuitions", "text": "THIRUVANATHAPURAM: Government schoolteachers, who try to earn some extra cash through private tuitions, may not be able do so hereafter. School Management Committees (SMC), set up in accordance with the provisions of the Right to Education Act, have been given the task of ensuring that teachers stick to their main job. The government had issued the order to set up the committees last month.The SMCs, which include parents, local body representatives, teachers and education experts in the area, will also be expected to see that teachers are punctual and interact with parents regularly regarding the progress of their wards.\"The tasks of the committees listed in the circular are at present limited to government schools. But the general view of the teachers' organisations is that it is to be extended to the aided-schools as well,\" director of public instructions A Shajahan said.The SMCs are also tasked with ensuring that no teacher is deployed for any non-educational purpose other than the decennial population census, disaster relief duties and duties relating to elections.Committee to keep a check on student drop-out ratesAnother responsibility of these committees would be to keep student drop-out rates in check. \"If any student drops out of a school, the student should be included in the list of drop-outs and remedial steps taken to bring him or her back,\" the circular says. Teachers' organizations are open to the move. \"The idea has to be welcomed as many teachers, especially in higher secondary section, are engaging in private coaching centres. In fact, the school management committees have to be made applicable to all the aided schools here,\" P Harigovindan, president of Kerala Primary and Secondary Teachers' Union said. He said the only bone of contention is that the committees should not be involved in academic matters like inspection of classes. \"It is the duty of the committees to evolve a school development plan for the next three years,\" Shajahan said. In schools with more than 750 students, SMCs will be a 20-member body while in other schools they will have 16 members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14970861", "title": "Varanasi records third highest number of cleft-lip surgeries", "text": "VARANASI: If Varanasi is considered as a separate country on an hypothetical map of the world, it would rank third for the number of clefted lips surgeries performed in the world.According to Dr Subodh Kumar Singh, noted plastic surgeon and the man behind the Oscar winning documentary 'Smile Pinky', world's highest number of clefted lip surgery is done in India, while China ranks second, third in the list is Varanasi district.So far over three lakhs surgeries have been performed in India under the banner of Smile Train Foundation, an organisation, which works for the people born with clefted lips. \"Around 23,300 clefted lips surgeries have performed in Varanasi from 2004\", he informed.Giving this information to TOI on the occasion of Plastic Surgery Day on Sunday, Singh also revealed that around 35,000 infants in the world are born with cleft palate and lips each year. Six out of 1000 newly borns suffer this deformity. According to Singh, despite a high number of surgeries, there are still many stigmas attached to this deformity. \"Children with clefted lips are not seen playing or walking with kids of their age, they do not attend school and suffer low self esteem and depression at a very tender age along with their parents\", he shared. To locate and identify the cleft cases in rural and urban areas of Uttar Pradesh, Bihar , Jharkhand , social workers and volunteers spend around 9 to 10 days in tracing and counselling the families of the patient before the surgery is performed.According to Singh, face of foetus is formed between the fourth and seventh week of the gestation period and this is the time when this deformity in lips is generated. There are several reasons for this including, various genetic disorders, smoking habits, deficiency of vitamin B12 and vitamin B9 and side effects of few medicines.Interestingly, Dr Singh along with his team has collected highest number of cleft DNA samples and are working on a research along with department of Genetic Disorders, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) to trace the genes, which are functional during this inception of cleft in human foetus.According to Singh, although the right age for the cleft surgery of the child is three to six months for lips and nine to 12 months for the palate, the age of surgery in India ranges from 4.1 years to 6.42 years, which is little higher than the standards, however the average age of surgery is decreasing every year, which is a positive sign. \"Interestingly, the average age of surgery in females is lower than males, although some cleft cases of teenaged girls have also surfaced\", he informed.Social workers and volunteers working with Dr Singh have started a missed call campaign in, which people generally with poor economic conditions who want to be operated for the clefted lips surgery give missed calls and then they are called back and assisted for the details of the surgery and its procedure.World Plastic Surgery Day was celebrated by a hopsital with Shushruta Puja and plant saplings were distributed to patients as prasad in Mehmoorganj area on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14985063", "title": "Bryan Adams gifts Guitar pick to Manchu Vishnu", "text": "Manchu Vishnu, who was in Los Angeles recently, met internationally- acclaimed pop icon and singer Bryan Adams . Although the actor did not disclose the reason for his visit, it's being speculated that he is planning to rope in the singer for his upcoming big budget flick, \"Ravana\", which stars his father Mohan Babu.When the duo met up for dinner, Bryan also gifted Vishnu his guitar pick, apart from singing the actor's favourite song, \"Everything I do\". An excited Vishnu even tweeted about it. Vishnu also met American actor Richard Lawson. Earlier, Vishnu was in China to scout for exotic locations for his upcoming film, \"Denikaina Ready\" and meet some martial arts experts for \"Ravana\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14987882", "title": "Vikram in Mainaks next flick", "text": "Vikram Chatterjee has joined the cast of Mainak Bhaumiks Ami Ar Amar Girlfriends.Ask the actor if he is playing the boyfriend in the girlfriend brigade and he says,In the film,I play Deep.He is a producer/EP in a radio station.Parno and I are colleagues and good friends.Deep,says Vikram,is a relaxed guy.He is a little too realistic,in-your-face and a little laidback.I can quite relate to the character.This is the first time Parno and I have been paired opposite each other and that too in a way we both have never been seen on-screen.Parno is fun-loving and so am I, he says.The actor adds,Working with Mainak and his team during Bedroom was an awesome experience.We had immense fun on the sets and that way the work got done without us even realizing it.Mainak is one of the most chilled out directors I have ever worked with, says the actor,who is awaiting the release of Hoichoi with Paoli,Rudranil,Rahul and Priyanka and Mistake with Preeti Jhangiani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "14972656", "title": "Indian guar hits jackpot", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: This little known Indian bean was once known to adorn the tables of the poor Indians. Popularly known as guar or cluster bean (cyamopsis tetragonoloba), it formed a staple diet of the families of farmers residing in semi-arid areas of the country including those of Rajasthan and north Gujarat. But it has now vanished from the menu as it is finding its use elsewhere and that too at exorbitant costs.An extract of guar which is commonly referred to as guar gum is being used by the oil industry. This has sent its costs sky rocketing. The gum is being used as an adhesive in the oil pipelines. It is also being utilized for extraction of shale gas for the last one year with the help of a new technology called horizontal fracking. There is no alternate to guar for this technology. Shale gas is a natural gas trapped within shale formations. It has become an increasingly important source of natural gas in the United States over the past decade. Hence, the guar seeds are being exported.Horizontal fracking requires the use of guar gum as a gelling agent. This is considered safer for the environment than other alternatives. A senior government official told TOI, \"Till sometime back nobody ever thought that guar would fetch something like Rs 32,000 per quintal. The prices have soared by 16 times in the recent past.\"On being asked whether the government is planning to do anything to promote its cultivation, he informed,\" We are nowhere in the picture. The farmers are wise enough and they weigh everything. The situation is such that we are finding it difficult to provide them with enough seeds of the plant.\"Guar is known to be produced in the rain-fed areas of Rajasthan and north Gujarat. The official said,\" We have come to know that there is a highly speculative futures trading going on for this crop.\" The gum has also found use in textile and paper industry, he added.The crop was traditionally used as animal fodder while the poor also consumed it. The name guar is itself is said to be a derivative of cow food. India is the largest producer of guar in the world. Gujarat government officials are citing example of guar gum when they talk of value addition and their new industrial policy. Having hit the jackpot, could the farmers ask for anything more?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14971056", "title": "407 big trees may be felled", "text": "NAGPUR: Quite contrary to stated green vision, many organizations, particularly the government ones, have no compunction in chopping down grown trees in city. A total of 407 big trees are again facing the axe in the name of infrastructure development. Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has received 16 applications seeking permission for felling these many trees.Among the applicants in Agriculture Produce Market Committee (APMC) which is seeking permission to chop down 122 teak trees to build fourth gate at Kalamna market. Another applicant is Nagpur University which has sought permission to cut down 87 big trees including 13 precious sandalwood ones for constructing a Buddhist Study Centre at its Amravati road campus.NMC itself is no better. Its Dhantoli Zone wants to chop down 70 big trees for construction of a road in Somalwada. Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology (VNIT), which had one of the greenest patches in city and which has already chopped down a large numbers of big trees on it for construction of hostels and other buildings, has sought permission to cut down another 54 for making new staffers quarters. The remaining applicants have also given reason of proposed construction to bring down trees.The NMC's Tree Authority headed by officiating municipal commissioner and collector Saurabh Rao had given permission to chop down 202 big trees in its meeting held on July 13. In the past 11 years, Tree Authority has permitted felling of around 4,000 big trees. Besides, over 6,000 big trees have been felled without permission or because of various natural and manmade causes. If it continues, city's greenery will soon be history.Greens question the manner in which Tree Authority okays such permission. The members, who are officials and corporators, almost never visit the sites to know if the proposed works could be done without felling the trees. Instead they rely on report of a tree Inspector to give approval. Also, it is content at having applicants deposit requisite money from the applicants for compensatory tree plantation. Norms say permission has to be given only after ensuring plantation and its survival.A NMC official said the department takes security deposit and also ensures plantation of trees. \"Security deposit is forfeited if the applicant fails to ensure survival of supplementary trees. NMC is also planting a large numbers of trees every year. The plan is to plant 1 lakh saplings/trees in this year,\" he said. He was silent on how many of these actually survive.The Axe EffectOrganisationNo of trees to be felledPurposeAPMC122Kalamna market gateNU87 Buddhist Study CentreVNIT 54 Staff QuartersNMC70 Road in Somalwada", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14969068", "title": "Maharashtra Medical Council sees red over state\u2019s non-MBBS move", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Medical Council (MMC) on Friday sent a resolution to doctors' associations and the medical education department stating that \"prescription and usage of modern medicine\" is restricted only to registered practitioners.This follows the state government's plan to start a bridge course for ayurveda, homeopathy and unani practitioners so that they legally prescribe allopathic medicines in Maharashtra.According to the MMC, only allopathic doctors whose names appear on the state registry can practise modern medicine. The council cited several high court and Supreme Court judgments to buttress its argument. An MMC official confirmed that the resolution was sent across to members. \"There was an impression among doctors that the state's proposal had our approval so we sent the resolution to dispel the notion,\" said a MMC official, on the condition of anonymity. A copy of the resolution was also sent to state agencies and the Food and Drug Administration. \"There is large-scale confusion about the sanctity of medical courses now and the resolution was to address the chaos,\" said the MMC official. The state health education minister's proposal to start a one-year course in pharmacology for non-MBBS practitioners sparked off a controversy last week. Several allopathic doctors slammed the move, saying it would degrade the quality of healthcare and \"legitimize the business of quacks\". The MMC official added that the state's proposal was in clear violation of the MCI Act that only gives recognition to MBBS graduates. Doctor associations are planning to move court to oppose the proposal.State secretary of Indian Medical Association (IMA) Dr Jayesh Lele said they were approaching medical councils across the country and seeking their opinion. The IMA is also writing to all legislators and parliamentarians apprising them of the consequences of sanctioning such a proposal. However, the state government is determined to launch the course in Maharashtra's 41 medical colleges from August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "bikaner", "code": "14967923", "title": "Settlement reached to save grazing lands in Bikaner", "text": "BIKANER: The indefinite dharna by MLA Devi Singh Bhati and saints for protection of pasture land ended on Sunday in Bikaner after several rounds of talks. An agreement was framed on the basis of settlement over disputed issues, which was signed by Bhati, Brij Narayan Kiradu, Ram Kishan Acharya and Badri Prasad Gehlot, while, the government was represented by divisional commissioner Alok Gupta, SP Rakesh Saxena and acting district collector Ramdev Goyal. According to this agreement, (i) order dated 2-2-2012 issued by state government for construction of ring road within the grazing land will be withdrawn, (ii) equivalent land will be demarked for grazing land, against the land acquired for setting up of water treatment plant, (iii) circular dated 25-4-2011 issued by department of revenue (group-6) will be amended suitably and it will be made mandatory that before acquiring grazing land, the proposal to this effect will be considered by concerned local body and in case consensus is not arrived at, then it will be referred to high power committee at state level, (iv) entries will be made in revenue record of the land which is currently being used for grazing etc.After signing this agreement MLA Bhati and his supporters withdrew the dharna. Bhati termed it as victory of cow-lovers and of common man who has faith in religion and social service. He thanked all those who had supported the agitation for this cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14971350", "title": "Facebook war", "text": "Taking a cue from chief minister Mamata Banerjee, Congress has taken to Facebook with a vengeance. The pitch and tenor of its Facebook posts have more sting than what their leaders say in public. From mocking at a photograph of Mamata playing dotara (a musical instrument) to comparing Bengalis as crabs, the posts are everything that even political leaders will think twice before saying in public. While the first post compares Mamata to Roman Emperor Nero who played the fiddle when Rome burnt, the second is an obvious Congress pitch that Trinamool is throwing a spanner as a Bengali gets to occupy Raisina Hill for the first time since Independence. For all their venom at Trinamool and its chief, it is Mamata, however, who appears to be ahead in this Facebook \"war\". Close to a lakh people follow Mamata's official Facebook page and party MP Derek O Brien has over 80,000 Twitter followers. The Congress page has less than 200 followers. The Trinamool website, updated every 15 minutes, is among the most visited websites among regional political parties. So if Derek caustically remarks, \"We believe in 360 degree communication and Facebook is only a part of it. And I believe there isn't a better communicator than Mamata Banerjee, who can effectively use all channels - public meetings to Facebook,\" one has got to listen.Star's dream 'lands' in troubleEven the high and mighty are not being spared the trouble of finding a suitable plot for their pet projects. The civic body is finding it very difficult to find land in and around Kolkata to kick-start Trinamool Congress MLA and cinestar Debashree Roy's dream hospital for stray dogs. Several meetings with KMC MMiC Atin Ghosh and state animal resource development minister Nure Alam Chowdhury haven't yielded any result yet. Roy, who runs an NGO called Debasree Roy Foundation, had envisaged a hospital which could house nearly 50,000 stray dogs. Initially, Dhapa was identified as a probable place. However, a new crematorium and burial ground for animals is coming up there for which Nabard has already allocated Rs 2.78 crore. Dhapa also houses the dog pound. It is difficult to scout for more land in Dhapa after this comes up. According to KMC, of the 58,000 dogs in the metropolis, only 8,000 have been sterilized. The hospital is planned to house the rest.But Roy and other animal lovers can take heart, for it is only for their relentless struggle that KMC stopped killing stray dogs at the Dhapa Dog Pound (on EM Bypass) and adopted Animal Birth Control &amp; Anti Rabies (ABC/AR) program in March 1996.Scaling heightsThe Indian Statistical Institute organized a successful mountaineering expedition on June 26 to a couple of peaks near Tso Moriri in the Ladakh Himalayas. Indranil Mukhopadhyay, Chinmoy Bhattacharjee, Nilanjan Chatterjee and Debabrata Mukherjee (group leader) climbed Mount Spangnak Ri (6,355 m) up its north-east face. Though the weather condition was not quite favourable, the team kept its cool and reached the summit at 4.05 pm after a climb of six and half hours by negotiating the steep ice wall and 70 degree snow slopes amidst a strong snow storm. Another team comprising Raka Mondal and Puspal Kundu climbed another nearby peak (6,050 m) after climbing five hours on the same day. Aparesh Chattopadhyay, Partha Halder and Sohini Raha extended tremendous support from the base camp to make it successful. Both are the first climbs of these peaks according to Indian Mountaineering Foundation record.For art's sakeThe Bodhi Tree Monastery of Art launched the first ever web art portal showcasing 'Experiential Realism' in the city last week. This portal is the first from eastern India and also the first in India to be run by an art gallery. The portal will enable art lovers and art collectors from all over the world to experience and collect works of exciting contemporary artists and 'experiential realists' at affordable prices.\"A new wave of talent with fresh ideas, concerns and expressions are represented in this art portal. The 44 featured artists are between the age group of 22 and 35 years and they offer a variety of works with diverse themes, elements and styles,\" said Devdan Chaudhuri, the founder of Bodhi Tree Monastery of Art. The artists may be from various parts of India, including an artist of a different nationality, but they all have a Bengal connect - by birth, by education or by residence.\"What really stands out within this new wave of artists, is a moving away from the aesthetical representation of a 'form' and the absolute concentration on 'stylization', that has dominated Indian Art till now, to the aesthetical representation of an 'idea' that is stemming from their experiences, concerns and understanding of life in our times,\" he pointed out adding that he calls 'Experiential Realism' the art of diverse stylization that essentially portrays a meaning, an idea, a concern or an understanding that is rooted from one's own experiences in life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14972480", "title": "150 road deaths in less than six months of 2012", "text": "PANAJI: A total of 150 persons died in Goa from road accidents from January till June 25, 2012 as compared to 330 road accident deaths in the calendar year 2011. For the same period this year, Goa registered 461 road accidents compared to 877 road accidents for the calendar year 2011.The above details were given by home minister Manohar Parrikar to a starred legislative assembly question by opposition leader Pratapsing Rane. To Rane's query of what action the government had taken to control road accidents, Parrikar highlighted various steps the authorities were taking. In his written reply, Parrikar said that during 2011, Goa police booked 2,40,872 traffic violators and for the year 2012 (upto June), police booked 1,22,391 traffic violators.In 2011, police sent 322 reports for suspension or cancellation of driving licenses of various traffic violators involved in serious and fatal accidents to the concerned assistant directors of transport.The authorities also undertook educational programmes to educate drivers, school children and other road users. Traffic police and interceptor vehicles are being deployed at strategic locations to minimize traffic violations. The authorities have proposed speed breakers and rumblers at various places to control the speed and thereby to reduce road accidents. The transport department and traffic police also seek to create awareness on the importance of road safety through the print media.Various modern gadgets are proposed to be acquired under the police modernization scheme to combat rash and negligent driving in the state. Experts from the central road and research institute (CRRI), New Delhi, have been engaged by the state government to conduct a comprehensive study of traffic and transportation problems in Goa. The CRRI experts have already begun their study.After analyzing the accidents for last three years, 70 accident prone zones have been identified all over the state by Goa police and the list has been sent to the PWD for necessary improvement of the roads at these spots, Parrikar's answer stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14968197", "title": "National Students Union of India demands probe against Rajasthan varsity vice-chancellor", "text": "JAIPUR: National Students Union of India (NSUI) has launched a campaign against Rajasthan University administration for misusing university funds and dictating 'unjust' terms to teachers.It has demanded an independent inquiry into the monetary and academic decisions taken by the varsity's vice-chancellor B L Sharma in the past two years.The students' body has written to governor Margaret Alva alleging the V-C of registering large number of cases against students, issuing notices to teachers on 'non-issues' and constituting inquiry committees to harass them.\"Funds worth lakhs from various Central funding agencies such as Department of Biotechnology (DBT), Department of Science &amp; Technology (DST), UGC and Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) were granted to the university, but are lying unutilized for the last 15 months due to indecisiveness and incompetence of the V-C,\" alleged Sumit Bhagasara, state president of NSUI.The students' body accused the university's maintenance department of corrupt practices as a result of which the buildings inside the campus are in a decrepit state.\"The inspection of most buildings has not been done for years despite the university being allocated Rs 5 crore annually for this job,\" added Bhagasara, who is staging a dharna outside RU's main gate.The union has threatened to disrupt classes until an independent panel issues a fitness certificate to the buildings on the RU campus.NSUI also alleged V-C of promoting the interest of private universities/college at the cost of the Raj varsity. The union accused him of giving away the chance to hold DST's Bal Vigyan Congress to a private university.The university teachers have also opened a front against Sharma. The Rajasthan University Teachers Association (RUTA) has alleged that the V-C had unlawfully extended 19 working days for teachers without any appropriate reason.\"He has created many posts such as administrative secretary to V-C, director examinations and OSD examinations without due permission of the university syndicate,\" said BD Rawat of RUTA.Students and teachers accused him of disregarding academic council and syndicate while taking several decisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14987951", "title": "Faiz Khan in Partha Gangul's Pathghat", "text": "Faiz Khan,who played Bob Biswas boss in Kahaani,has grabbed a meaty role in Partha Ganguly's thriller,Pathghat.The film also stars Moubani Sorcar as an anchor of a TV show and Joy Sengupta as the director of the project.Faiz,who has been a part of Bengali movies such as Asutosh Ranas Babu Mosai and Sambit Nags Eti, said,I have a pivotal role in Pathghat.I play a rockstar called Zubin Roy,who claims to be a spy.There are two parallel stories running together.One is on trafficking and the other revolves around politics and pressure in media.Theres also a love triangle between Joy,Moubani and me, he said.Faiz has signed two more movies Partha Ganguly's 4-Chaka and Biswaroop Biswas Bengal Boyz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14968966", "title": "'Sucrose increases acid content in mouth'", "text": "LUDHIANA: City mums might find it hard to resist when their little ones implore them to buy chocolate ice cream and other candies, but dentists warn the indulgence may prove dear sooner than expected.Dr Abi M Thomas, principal of Christian Dental College and head of paediatric dentistry department said they see about 40 children with tooth problems in one day, especially with caries and the number has grown over the years.Another dentist in the city, Dr Vivek Saggar, said, \"Chocolates and other sweets have sucrose that increases the acid level in the mouth. The more frequently a child takes sweet, the less effective saliva gets in neutralizing the acid because of which acid attacks the enamel and weakens and ultimately causes tooth decay. I recommend all my patients to maintain oral hygiene and chew chewing gum before going to bed for increased secretion of saliva that will neutralize acids and check decay.\"Dr Paramjit Kaur, head of dentistry department at SPS Apollo, said, \"Generally caries occur in first molar teeth of kids. Every week we receive about 20 patients younger than 10 years old.\"Offering help to deal with the problem, Dr Namita Buddhiraja, head of dentistry in Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH), said, \"There is chemical and a mechanical method to correct the problem. In chemical method, fluoride is given after every three months to the kid making teeth immune to caries. In mechanical method, we ask children to brush their teeth twice a day and not eat frequently. We also advise every patient to get teeth professionally cleaned every six months.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "14967408", "title": "TDP MLA all set to join Congress", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Disgruntled TDP legislator Chinnam Ramakotaiah is all set to join the ruling Congress. Speaking to reporters along with senior Congress MLC Paladugu Venkatrao here on Sunday, Ramakotaiah said that he would soon announce his decision on quitting the TDP.The TDP, which suspended Gudivada MLA Kodali Nani and politburo member Uppuleti Kalpana for their anti-party activities, however, is playing a waiting game insofar as Ramakotaiah is concerned. Ramakotaiah was also vocal in criticising party chief Chandrababu Naidu and other leaders but the party leadership has not taken any action on him.He said he would vote for Pranab Mukherjee in the presidential election. \"I have decided to vote for Pranab Mukherjee, who is capable of protecting the nation's interests,\" said Ramakotaiah. With no chance of issuing a whip for the presidential election, the TDP cannot initiate any disciplinary action against Ramakotaiah, a political expert pointed out.Congress veteran Paladugu is said to have encouraged Ramakotaiah to join the Congress saying that the party needs a strong leader to contest the next assembly elections after Meka Pratap Apparao's exit from the party. Sources said Ramakotaiah took the decision after the YSR Congress Party closed the doors on him following objections raised by former Congress legislator Pratap Apparao.Ramakotaiah grabbed the TDP ticket by joining the party hours before filing the nominations during the last election and became a legislator. Ramakotaiah is a retired bureaucrat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14969003", "title": "Sowing seeds for a better future", "text": "LUDHIANA: A boulevard is a walkers' joy. However, in today's Ludhiana, where buildings mushroom with little plan or foresight, trees are the first sacrifice. With roads getting narrower and encroachments an everyday affair, there is no space or time for the green cover. But amid all this, the will to bring about a change is what drove the members of RBS Roots to start a plantation drive around two years back. The group selected barren parks of railway colonies for the purpose and now their efforts have started bearing fruit as the parks look beautiful and green. The success has motivated them to continue their plantation drive and make the city greener.Envisaged with the idea to provide a platform that encourages, empowers and enables residents of Ludhiana to improve the living conditions in their city, RBS Roots started the plantation drive in 2010 with a modest aim to plant 100 plants - and ever since, the number just kept increasing. At present, the group has already planted more than 900 saplings. Comprising of people from various walks of life, including young students, the group had earlier too played a key role in carrying out a cleanliness drive in Satluj River and Sidhwan Canal.A dentist and resident of Basant Avenue, A S Bains said, \"Everybody only talks about making a difference in the society for a better tomorrow, but nobody actually does. And thus we decided to form a society with an aim at awakening a responsible, aware and vigilant populace for greener environment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14989391", "title": "Chunky Pandey doesn't want to stick to comedy", "text": "Actor Chunky Pandey, who started his career with strong character roles and later shifted gears to comedy, the latest being 'Housefull 2', says that he yearns to do something out of the box.\"I don't think I am restricting myself to doing only comedy I am hoping that someone offers me something else. I had done a film for Ram Gopal Verma called 'D' with Randeep Hooda. It was a very dark film and I would like to do something like that,\" Chunky told PTI.\"It requires a lot of guts for someone to cast me in something else. I am just hoping that someone sees something else in me other than comedy,\" he said. His role as 'Aakhiri Pasta' has been loved by one and all in 'Housefull' and 'Housefull 2'. Also, his next release is adult comedy, 'Kya Super Kool Hai Hum'.\"I think comedy is very easy. It's all in the writing. If the writing is good and you have good director it is good. Like for 'Housefull' I used to do whatever Sajid told me, I used to copy him. 'Housefull' was a mass entertainer. Kids loved that film and they asked me when I was coming back,\" Chunky said.\"I feel I can't tell them that I am coming back as Baba 3G in a sex comedy, 'Kya Super Kool Hai Hum'. I will miss the kids watching this film but I am sure that many of them will run away from homes to watch this film,\" he said.Meanwhile, Chunky has plans to produce films. \" I am going to produce a film for sure this year but it is very premature to talk about it,\" he said. Chunky hit off with films like 'Tezaab' and went on to do memorable roles in 'Aag Hi Aag', 'Paap Ki Duniya' and 'Vishwatma'. Thereafter he forayed into comedy with 'Ankhein' among many others, and more recently did roles in 'De Dana Dan', 'Tees Maar Khan' and 'Housefull' series.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14972594", "title": "Mind over body", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When the people in West feel sad and depressed, they see a doctor and declare that they are unhappy. While locally, majority of them say that they are suffering from acute headaches, body and chest pain, nausea and fainting spells!A thesis by Dr Vimal Somaiya of psychiatry department of the VS Hospital, under the guidance of Dr Laxman Dutt, underlines that there is a severe lack of awareness about mental ailments.A study was conducted on 120 patients who visited the VS Hospital. Of these, 60 patients consulted the psychiatric OPD while the remaining consulted medical OPD. These included men and women from different age groups.The study found that over 30 per cent of the people who consulted general medicine doctors had underlying symptoms of mental disorders including general anxiety, panic and depression.Amongst the psychiatric patients, over 60 per cent primarily resorted to complaining of physical symptoms like nausea, headache, chest pain in cases of clinical depression and other mental ailments.Doctors say this shows lack of awareness concerning mental ailments. Plus, there is a huge section of masses that live in denial when it comes to dealing with mental problems.Rekha Patel, a 46-year-old housewife is one such case. She had been frequently visiting a general physician complaining of headache since three months. The headaches lasted throughout the day leaving her head heavy, disturbing her in daily routine of household work. She also complained of severe fatigue, weakness and lethargy without any apparent reason.\"She got her blood tested as well as MRI reports done but all tests were normal. She had received lengthy treatment of analgesics and anti-migraine medicine without any improvement. Detailed interview of the lady revealed that her husband had died in a road accident and she suffered loneliness and increased irritability over trivial matter. The diagnosis was simple - she suffered from masked depression and required medication as well as psychotherapy,\" says Dr Vimal.Interestingly, when advised to consult psychiatrist, she shouted, \"I do not need a psychiatrist. I am not mental.\"Similarly, Rahim Abdullah, a 48-year-old businessman from the walled city suffered from severe indigestion which was diagnosed as irritable bowel syndrome. \"He would refrain from eating anything from outside and became acutely aware of what he put in his mouth. Yet he had an upset stomach. We finally diagnosed that there was an underlying psycho-logical pathology and put him on drugs which effectively treated his chronic gastric troubles\", said Dr Laxman Dutt.The Mind Body ConnectionPain is the most prominent symptom in psychiatric patients. Nearly 70 per cent patients complain of pain mainly in three body parts - head and neck, stomach and chest.Most common complaints by psychiatric patientsChest pain- 57%Dizziness- 50%Headache-53%Feeling tired- 48%,Low energy and insomnia- 42%.Nausea, gas, indigestion- 43%.Symptoms Which Bothered People A LotHeadache 53%Feeling tired- 48%Low energy and trouble sleeping-42%.Nausea, gas, indigestion- 72%What is psycho-somatic illnessPsycho-somatic is derived from Greek words psyche (soul) and soma (body). The term literally refers to how the mind affects the body. Unfortunately, this is commonly used to describe an individual with medical complains that have no physical cause by dismissing it saying, \"It's all in your head.\"It might be all in the mindThe neurobiological basis of anxiety disorders and depressive disorders points to the involvement of dysfunctional serotonergic, non-adrenergic or dopaminergic neuronal circuits. If the physician realizes that the same dysfunctional circuits can produce 'real' physical symptoms and they are thus legitimate manifestation of disorders which are primarily emotional, that will help physicians treat patients better!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14952731", "title": "Lieutenant rank? I have not been told about this, says Mary Kom", "text": "An official announcement made by the Indian Army last month said that five-time boxing world champion MC Mary Kom would be conferred with the rank of lieutenant colonel in the Territorial Army. But when we caught up with Mary at a promotional event in the capital, she told she was unaware about this development. \"The piece of news came as a shock to me because so far I haven't received any calls nor any official letter from the Indian Army officials. Ab yeh baat kitni sach hai yeh mujhe pata nahi. How can I believe it till I don't get any formal intimation from the Indian Army officials?\"Mary will be competing in 51 kg category and is the only female Indian boxer to qualify for the London Olympics this year, for which she will be leaving for London on July 20. She said, \"It's a huge responsibility and I'm confident that I will win medals for my country. I'm excited that about my husband and mother will be going along with me.\"When we asked Mary whether she had any plans to dress up special at the opening ceremony of the London Olympics Games, pat came the reply, \"I will be wearing a yellow sari along with our official blazer.\" Ask whether she would be wearing a designer outfit and she says, \"Mujhe nahi pata hai, lekin yeh pata hain ki main yellow colour ki sari pehnungi.\"We asked her if she had any information on who will be the flagbearer of the Indian contingent at the opening ceremony of the London Games, and she said, \"The Indian Olympic Association (IOA) has not declared any names so far. So I'm not sure. But most likely, Sushil Kumar will be appointed as the flagbearer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14975457", "title": "On the job", "text": "With an increasing number of students opting for internships over short-term courses and summer schools, employers across sectors are coming up with a range of programmes. Ruchi Kumar reportsAn unstable global economy is soon creating a competitive space for specialisations, qualifications and especially, experience. The proverb \u2014 the early bird catches the worm \u2014 has never been so befitting. Opting for an early internship, in fact, has come to the rescue of many, helping them to pick up the much needed 21century skills.Explains Swati Salunkhe, career counsellor, \"Internships not only provide students with an insight into the real world of work, but also complements their learning, allowing them to even earn at the same time.\" Adding to that, Karthikeyan Vijayakumar, founder of Twenty19, an organisation that helps aspirant-interns find potential employers, points out that while students need practical orientation, employers across industries are facing a talent crunch and are more open to training novices. In our experience, employers consider internships as their key to gain access to fresh talent.\"Prime MotivatorsWith a range of new opportunities available, students, too, have started looking for trainee jobs early in their academic careers. Kanika Joshi, a third year law student at Pravin Gandhi College of Law, who just completed her internship at Crawford Bayley law firm, says, \"Even though it is mandatory in our course for students to complete a 20-week apprenticeship over a five-year period, most of us are happy to do it, since it helps us pick up the ropes of the trade \u2014 filing petitions, logic of arguing, etc \u2014 which are not part of the regular law school curriculum. \"Internships complement regular academics. It is a great way for students to gain professional experience without waiting for graduation,\" explains Magdalena Zadarnowska, director, Intrax Internships, a US-based organisation that connects qualified candidates from around the world with internships in the US and other major economic centres across the world. Yash Dedhia, pursuing Bachelor's of Design at Symbiosis Institute of India, elaborates, \"Despite being a second year student, I have had the privilege of working with clients such as Diesel, Airtel and F1, while interning with an advertising agency. I not only gained field experience, but also managed to build a strong portfolio.\" Internships also push students into realworld situations. \"Internships were once predominantly pursued by students at the graduate level, however, more and more students today are pursuing internships while doing their undergraduate studies,\" adds Zadarnowska. Adding to that, Vijayakumar points out that a stipend, of course, is a strong motivation, but a majority of students take up internships for exposure and to pick up skills. They prefer real-world exposure over added academic qualifications; similarly, employers nowadays value students with prior experience. The opportunity of eventually being absorbed into the company one interns with is also a major incentive for some students. Apart from that, trends such as virtual internships and internships abroad are also gaining momentum. Zadarnowska elaborates, \"There is growing interest in international internships to acquire a global perspective. Some universities even require that students participate in an internship abroad as a requirement for graduation.\"Employer benefitsWhile, experience, convenience and money may be the strong motivators for students who opt for internships, affordability, fresh ideas, eagerness to perform and creating a talent pool are the key drivers for employers. Ravikant Banka, CEO, Eggfirst BBN, an advertising agency, agrees, \"We routinely hire interns. The intent is to give college students an insider's view into how an organisation works. Needless to mention, they pump in fresh energy and thought process into our organisation.\" However, many feel, internship also throws open the risk of being exploited as free labour.Murali Santhanam Vice-President (HR) CavinkareMost of our interns are from B-Schools , and these include the IIMs too. Most interns opt for internships during the summer, after they complete their first year and are about to enter the final year of their respective PGDM programmes. The largest number of interns is from marketing, and they help out in critical work-related fields like market analysis, sales and ideation. The internship is usually for three months. Also, we have some students from technical UG courses like engineering, who intern across our five factories.- Input from Jude Sannith S, Chennai", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "hangzhou, china", "code": "14989228", "title": "Enolsoft updates Free YouTube Downloader for smooth 1080p streaming on Mac", "text": "HANGZHOU, CHINA: Enolsoft, a professional multimedia software developer, today updated its Free YouTube Downloader HD for Mac software to free download YouTube 1080p HD videos on Mac OS X (including OS X Mountain Lion). This update enables YouTube 1080p HD video streaming offline more smoothly.Enolsoft Free YouTube Downloader HD for Mac is a free YouTube video download software that allows users to download common YouTube videos, YouTube 720p, 1080p HD videos and YouTube HTML 5 videos on OS X based iMac, MacBook Pro, MacBook Air. Besides the batch downloading function, this free YouTube downloader HD for Mac also enables OS X users to freely stop, pause or delete the selected YouTube videos during the video downloading process.Patries Lee, R&D; manager of Enolsoft, said, \"Now, Mac users will never worry about having to wait a long time for buffering since streaming YouTube 1080p HD videos offline with Enolsoft Free YouTube Downloader HD becomes much easier.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14992446", "title": "Gut infection in kids ups schizophrenia risk", "text": "Australian scientists have found that gut and chest infections in early childhood appear to raise the risk of developing schizophrenia later in life, even if they do not spread to the brain.Their discovery, resulted from the study of the birth and hospital records of more than 40,000 young adults in Western Australia , radically expands links between the psychiatric disorder and physical illness.According to the study, boys who were admitted to hospital at least twice before age three with respiratory or intestinal infections were 80 per cent more likely than others to develop the disabling mental disorder by the time they were in their mid- to late-20s, the Age reported.Previous research has shown an association between brain infections, such as meningitis , and schizophrenia, but the Curtin University study is the first to demonstrate a link with illnesses that rarely involve the central nervous system - suggesting widespread inflammation, and the body''s response to it, may be sufficient to disrupt brain development.Study leader Wenbin Liang, from the university's National Drug Research Institute, said young children's immature immune systems meant viruses could more readily affect the brain, and such infections did not always show symptoms.The blood-brain barrier, which prevents bacteria and other foreign bodies from passing from the blood into the fluid surrounding the brain, developed more slowly in some children, Dr Liang wrote in the journal Psychiatry Research, and these individuals'' brains might be more susceptible to inflammation caused by infection elsewhere in the body.Colin Binns, a professor of public health at the university, who was not involved with the study, said the results emphasised the importance of breastfeeding.\"Early infections are more common in non-breastfed infants. Breastmilk contains ... compounds essential for brain development,\" he said.Vaughan Carr, chief executive of the Schizophrenia Research Institute and professor of psychiatry at the University of New South Wales , said, \"it could be the [gut and lung] infections may reflect some compromise in the immune status of the individual\".Professor Carr said immune disorders had been linked to schizophrenia, which affects one in 200 people, and evidence was emerging for a common genetic origin of both.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14969816", "title": "No privatization of public health centres: Govt", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Health minister V S Sivakumar on Sunday said the government has no plan to privatize public health centres (PHCs) in the state.The minister's clarification followed news reports about a letter, purportedly written by the health secretary to the director of health service, asking him to identify staff-strapped PHCs in the tribal belts of Palakkad and Wayanad that could be 'outsourced' to a Karnataka-based NGO.Principal secretary (Health) Rajeev Sadanandan, however, said a proposal was placed before the government to hand over PHCs facing staff shortage to the NGO, Karuna Trust.\"The proposal came from Padmasree Dr H Sudarshan, who runs Karuna Trust, an NGO based in Karnataka. It runs primary health centres with the help of the state government there,'' he said.Sudarshan, a well-known tribal activist striving for uplifting the tribal community, had agreed to take up some of the PHCs in the tribal areas on a pilot basis. Sadanandan said the proposal could not be viewed as a move to privatize PHCs.The state has been facing shortage of doctors since most of them were reluctant to serve in tribal areas, which lacked basic amenities.There had been recurring incidents of tribals being denied medical care for the want of doctors.It was in this backdrop that the health secretary had reportedly written to the director of health service to find out the PHCs in the tribals areas of Wayanad and Palakkad which could be outsourced to the NGO.The letter, however, snowballed into a controversy with reports terming it as a move privatize health care, which forced the intervention of minister Sivakumar\"We have not taken any decision to privatize the PHCs in the state. Our intentions are clear -- to provide the best suitable treatment for the needy right from the primary health centre in the state. The government is committed in providing it and there is no question of outsourcing health care in the state,'' he clarified.Sivakumar said that he would look into the circumstances under which the health secretary had issued the order to the director of health service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14971680", "title": "Trinamool will decide on contesting VP polls: Krishna Bose", "text": "KOLKATA: Former West Bengal governor Gopalkrishna Gandhi has refused to contest the vice-presidential polls, but the other Trinamool Congress nominee - former MP Krishna Bose - has said \"it is for the Trinamool to decide\" whether she should contest.A day after UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi declared Vice-President Hamid Ansari as its candidate for a second term, Gandhi said, \"I have thanked West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee for having thought of me and suggested to the UPA partners my name for the vice-presidential election,\" adding, though that he was not in the fray. He said he had been approached from some quarters.On the other hand, former Trinamool MP Krishna Bose is happy that her name was proposed for the vice-president's post by the party's all-India general secretary Mukul Roy in the UPA meeting in Delhi on Saturday. But she was non-committal when asked whether she was willing to contest the poll scheduled on August 7. With UPA candidate Hamid Ansari's projected support going up to above 300, the former MP preferred to wait for Mamata's decision on whether she should contest the poll and if so, the support she could hope to garner from other parties.\"I am happy that they (Trinamool) proposed my name and that of Gopalkrishna Gandhi in the UPA meeting. Now that Hamid Ansari's name has been declared as the UPA candidate, Trinamool has to decide whether it will contest. My contesting the poll for the vice-president is therefore a hypothetical question,\" said Bose from her Kolkata residence.Bose's open-ended response assumes significance because though TMC leader Mukul Roy proposed her name as the party's choice, he didn't flag his dissent in the UPA meet when Sonia announced Ansari's name. Instead, Roy told the media that he will report the development to party chief Mamata Banerjee and communicate the party's view within a week.Going by what Roy said, Mamata is not willing to leave Bose in the lurch even if she persuades her to contest the polls. With the Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party already throwing their weight behind Ansari and CPM and other Left parties likely to support him, the TMC chief may get in touch with other non-Congress parties before taking a decision. Mamata is confronted with another crucial choice - whether to take the BJP's support in case the party is inclined to support the TMC candidate. The option remains open as the BJP has already announced that it will contest the vice-president poll.Senior Trinamool leaders kept mum on this issue because fielding a Trinamool candidate with BJP's support could ultimately break the alliance with the Congress. Whatever her decision, the fate of the alliance is on the downslide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14969106", "title": "Luxury hotels keep faith in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: Despite its perennial shortages of power and water, and its generally low-grade public infrastructure, Gurgaon's appeal to international hoteliers hasn't suffered any damage. With the inauguration of the new Double Tree by Hilton, and the Pullman Gurgaon Central Park, this year has already seen two big-ticket launches in the hospitality sector here. And now, the Hyatt Hotels Corporation (HHC) is preparing an entry into the luxury segment.The international firm has signed a management agreement to set up one of its 'Andaz Hotels' in Gurgaon by the end of the year 2014. Like some of its bigger competitors in the five-star category, the new hotel will be giving a choice of both suites and serviced apartments to its guests, and will be situated at the NH8 and the northern peripheral road (NPR) junction.\"The hotel will also offer a 11,500 square feet meeting space, five studios and a ballroom. From where it's located, accessing the main business districts of Gurgaon - Cyber City, Udyog Vihar and IMT Manesar - will be easy enough,\" said a representative of the HHC.The Hyatt corporation currently has plans to establish 56 hotels in the country, and will soon come up with a Grand Hyatt Kochi in Kerala. \"Creating a strong presence for our complete brand portfolio in India is critical to Hyatt's leadership in the global hospitality sector,\" said Ratnesh Verma, senior vice president for development, Asia Pacific, Hyatt Hotels and Resorts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14969560", "title": "Daily cup of tea helps beat diarrhoea", "text": "LONDON: Your daily cup of tea has chemicals that can destroy a deadly hospital superbug which causes severe diarrhoea and other intestinal diseases, killing 3,000 people a year, a new research has claimed. A team of researchers at Cardiff University has found that C.diff-clostridium difficile, a bacteria that causes severe diarrhoea and gut-based diseases is vulnerable to chemicals found in tea, 'The Sun' reported.The team exposed 79 strains of the bacteria to 33 types of tea to see which proved best. It found that chemicals called polyphenols which give tea its flavour, help fight off the bacteria.\"We had done some preliminary work on standard breakfast tea and found that it kills bacteria,\" professor Les Baillie, who has been studying the disease-fighting properties of tea since 2008, said. \"It evolved that clostridium difficile is also vulnerable to tea as it is a gut-based disease,\" he said. Green tea appeared to have a stronger impact than black tea, he added. Now researchers aim to develop an antibacterial 'supertea'. It would be given to patients to stave off C.diff, which is becoming resistant to antibiotics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14972917", "title": "'Bravo is like my son and we will continue search for it'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Shailesh Bhatt, a resident of Anjali, has been spending the better part of the day at the Naroda police station asking if there is any lead in his case. He or his family members cannot sleep for past three days as he is desperately looking for his 'son'. The son here is Bravo, his three-year-old Labrador dog.Bhatt, a businessman, has lodged a complaint with Naroda police three days back that his Tata Indica car and dog were stolen by Amit Mistry, a caretaker of Ganesh Ashram in Naroda when he had been to 18-day pilgrimage with mahant of the ashram to Amarnath. Bhatt, who was living earlier at Naroda, had close ties with the ashram and also used to keep his dog for shorter periods when he used to go out on business trips.\"I had kept Bravo in haste along with my car as I could not go home. I had asked Mistry to deliver the dog to my home as I thought my car will be safer at the ashram. It was a mistake that I regret now,\" said Bhatt. He has asked the cops to find the dog first and not to be bother about the car.Bhatt said that he had got Bravo through a friend in Mumbai two years back when he was passing through rough patch in his personal and professional life. \"Bravo came as a blessing for me. After it walked in my life, everything started falling in place. We could move from Naroda to Anjali and got prosperous. Take it as superstition or sheer love, we feel that it is our lucky charm. Bravo never left me and was my constant companion at both my home and work,\" said Bhatt.Last year, when Bhatt's son got married, the invite had Bravo mentioned as brother who coaxed the relatives to attend the wedding or be ready for his barking. However, the media buzz around the theft has helped the family. \"We have got some concrete news about the car and the dog's location. We believe that the thieves might have abandoned it with fear that they would be identified soon. We just hope that Bravo comes hale and hearty to us,\" echoes Bhatt's wife Rupa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14987655", "title": "Hospital scenes in the primetime band", "text": "Your favourite television actors are all in hospital! Before you press the panic button,let us tell you that its on reel and not real.Yes,more than 10 serials in the primetime band have shown hospital sequences in the past one month.Bade Achche Lagte Hai,Kya Hua Tera Vaada and Pavitra Rishta ,all produced by Balaji Telefilms,have shown the sick bay in the last two weeks.If Priya Ram Kapoor (Sakshi Tanwar) was admitted to hospital in Bade Achche Lagte Hai only to find out she was pregnant,in Kya Hua Tera Vaada ,the Singh family went to the infirmary following Taanis miscarriage.In Pavitra Rishta,protagonist Archana (Ankita Lokhande) rushed to the hospital after her mother got admitted.Mumbaibased screenplay writer Nidhi Singh says,If a production house hires a hospital,it becomes easier for them to shoot the scenes for all the soaps at one go.It helps in reducing the cost.But then,no one can introduce such scenes randomly;it has to go with the story flow.Shweta Bhardwaj,a scriptwriter with Ekta Kapoors production house,who is currently working on the screenplay for Parichay Nayee Zindagi Ke Sapno K a,says it is pure coincidence,When I am writing the story for a particular show,I am not aware of what the others are writing for other soaps.The spurt of hospital sequences is pure coincidence.In Parichay too,we showed a hospital sequence around two months ago,but the story demanded it.In Bade Achche Lagte Ha i,the story took a leap forward because of the revelation that the protagonist is pregnant.But such sequences are a favourite with scriptwriters as they lead to the play of emotions.Saurabh Tewari,producer of Madhubala Ek Ishq Ek Junoon, concurs.Now I understand why we had problems getting hospitals for shoot! he wisecracks,adding,But I think it is pure coincidence.Sometime back,we saw serials showing a prison sequence together.We,as producers,prefer such sequences as they add a lot of emotions.But it all depends on the broader story.If I am producing two soaps at one go,I would not have such sequences in both as that would divide the audience. Saurabh adds that in Madhubala,they introduced the hospital sequence to bring the protagonists together.Are hospitals a favourite destination for producers because of easy availability Yes ,they are readymade sets,but I wouldnt call them shoot-friendly.In order to get the OT free,we would shoot at all odd hours, he adds. Muzammil Desai,director of Kya Hua Tera Vaada ,however,begs to be different.Such a sequence was integral to the storyline.We,however,want to avoid hospitals as the audience wants to see happy moments, he says.In Colors,apart from Madhubala,Balika Vadh u too is airing a similar sequence as two of the lead characters Jagat and Gauri are doctors.Another show on the channel, Chhal Sheh Aur Maat ,had protagonist Kabir recuperating on the hospital bed after being injured by a bullet.Prashaant Bhatt,the week-day programming head of Colors,justifies the sequences.Hospitals give us a premise for raw emotions.People connect during tragedy and when you live with the characters for five days a week,the distinction between reel and real is blurred.You start imagining the characters as your hero,brother,daughter and start identifying with them.We want this kind of bonding with the audience, he says,adding that such sequences also lure new viewers.Soaps Airing Hospital SequencesSONYBade Ache Lagte Hai Kya Hua Tera Vaada Parvarish Kuchh Khattee Kuchh Meethi Byaah Humari Bahoo Ka C.I.D.STAR PLUSPyar Ka Dard Hai Meetha Meetha Pyara Pyara Ek Hazaron Mein Meri Behna Hai Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai Diya Aur Baati HumCOLORSMadhubala Ek Ishq Ek JunoonZEE TVPavitra RishtaSAB TVF.I.R", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "14973441", "title": "2 People Liberation Front of India cadres held for BJD leader's murder", "text": "ROURKELA: Rajgangpur police have claimed that two persons arrested on Saturday in the BJD leader Hardeep Singh murder case are active members of the People Liberation Front of India (PLFI).Singh, the block representative of Rajya Sabha member Mangala Kisan was killed on July 7. A special squad formed by Sundergarh SP Sanjib Arrora nabbed Bhibisan Barua (25) and Baldeb Kumar Narang (21) in this connection. Police also seized a country-made pistol, five bullets, a motorcycle and two mobile phones from them. Police said since the death of Singh, the duo had been hiding in the forests of Rajgangpur. They were natives of Jagat Toli village in Maldihi gram panchayat of Rajgangpur block. Narang is a Puls II student of a local college.Sundergarh SP Sanjib Arrora said, \"A group of six PLFI cadres has been active in Rajgangpur since March. They have incorporated some local youths in their group. They have been engaged in extorting money from local businessmen, mainly in villages like Malidihi, Bhukupada, Jaraikela and Budham. We are taking all necessary steps to arrest the other members of the gang involved in Hardeep murder case.\"A group of PLFI members abducted and killed Hardeep Singh from Karambahal area on July 7. They had left the body on Kumbharpada Road with his hands tied with a rope. Two days before this, another villager, identified as Ranipiya Nanda, was beaten to death by the PLFI members.Meanwhile, PLFI activists continued to spread panic among businessmen of the district by serving threat letters. A Kansbahal-based businessman has been their latest target. They have shot a threat letter to him demanding Rs 5 lakh ransom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14970521", "title": "Sudeep Jaiswal still at large", "text": "NAGPUR: District bar association president Sudeep Jaiswal remained at large with offences under various sections registered against him at two police stations.On Friday, Jaiswal was booked by Sadar police for allegedly assaulting a constable on duty. A day later, another offence was registered against Jaiswal and others by Jaripatka police after the principal of a school was thrashed and threatened. Jaiswal had threatened an agitation against police high handedness from Monday.Deputy commissioner of police (zone-II) MY Siram said, \"We are on the look out for Jaiswal.\"Meanwhile, Jaripatka police produced Jaiswal's accomplice Vinay Khandelwal and Gyani Kaushik before the holiday court where the duo was charged for rioting and thrashing the school principal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14968941", "title": "Borsalino shocks many to wear Derby sash", "text": "BANGALORE: Despite the fact that overnight rains and an intermittent drizzle played spoilsport all through the day, the galloping goldmines ignored the heavy underfoot conditions while railbirds braved the bad weather here on Sunday. Although most fancied horses won, the biggest upset came from Borsalino, who landed the Kingfisher Bangalore summer Derby.The mega event wore an open look and with the underfoot conditions favouring the mud larks, a couple of no-hopers did storm into contention. However, at the end of it all it was the 10 to 1 outsider Borsalino who made every post a winning one to emerge the best of his age and sex to wear the Derby sash.After the 11 top colts including the two fancied ones, Machiavellianism and Shivalik Hero, garnered the maximum support in the betting ring, it was Borsalino, from trainer S Padmanbhan's yard, who hit the front from the start.The young Mumbai-based pro A Sandesh, astride Borsalino, set a decent pace all through the backstretch before switching gears at the distance post. At this juncture it was clear that the favourite Machiavellianism and his stablemate Tintinnabulation needed a pair of roller skates to match strides with the winner.Enjoying his classic journey on a track which suited his style, Borsalino stormed through and put the issue beyond doubt in the final furlong. Super Storm finished a creditable second ahead of Silver Birch while the public choice Machiavellianism finished fourth. The 2:7.75 second exercise fetched the winner Rs 1.28 crore.For the pocket dynamo Sandesh, making his maiden appearance in a Derby, it was a dream come true. \"I was asked to hit the front and go on. I did that and Borsalino did the rest,\" said Sandesh.Padmanabhan, who is enjoying a fine run in the Derbys, led in his fourth straight Derby winner after In The Spotlight chalked up three Derby victories, including the McDowell Indian Derby, at three different centres. \"I knew Borsalino was a strong contender after his satisfactory effort in the Colts championship. Martin Dwyer asked me to run him with blinkers. I readily took his advice and the result is most pleasing,\" said Padmanabhan.The Vittal Deshmukh's camp, which was looking to make a clean sweep after winning the Fillies and Colts championship, was disappointed with the weather and the conditions though.Borsalino apart, leading jockey Suraj Narredu delighted his supporters booting home four winners including two from his uncle Malesh Narredu's yard. After guiding home An Acquired Taste and Manyatta under the care of Malesh, Suraj displayed exemplary saddle artistry while packing punch on Tiberius and Esteban from Irfan Ghatala's yard to sign off on a high.Results with Mumbai dividends1. Mysore Cup (Div-II) 1400M: Loyal King 1, Knowledge 2, Emphatic Victory 3, Sensational Mover 4. Tote: Rs 84 for win; 23, 19, 42 for places; Shp: 44; Fc: 510; Q: 297; Tanala: 4723 &amp; 80972. Hyderabad Cup 1200M: An Acquired Taste 1, Impressive Bolt 2, Sans Frontiers 3, Supreme 4. Tote: Rs 16 for win; 12, 25, 19 for places; Shp: 78; Fc: 99; Q: 170; Tanala: 352 &amp; 133.3. Mysore Cup (Div-I) 1400M: Sicily 1, Sebright 2, Piano Man 3, Macedonian 4. Tote: Rs 155 for win; 25, 12, 14 for places; Shp: 31; Fc: 823; Q: 236; Tanala: 1606 &amp; 1224.4. Chennai Cup (Div-I) 1200M: Manyatta 1, Quick Enough 2, Ashwa Shakti 3, Nickel Chrome 4. Tote: Rs 17 for win; 11, 14, 13 for places; Shp: 34; Fc: 33; Q: 27; Tanala: 64 &amp; 19.5. Nawab M Arshad Ali Khan Memorial Cup 1400M: Equine Lover 1, Maths Baby 2, Deja vu 3, Vijays Pride 4. Tote: Rs 33 for win; 17, 35 for places; Shp: 46; Fc: 446; Q: 155; Tanala: 607 &amp; 217.6. Ambroisa B T C Anniversary Cup 1400M: Optimus Prime 1, Lovely Kiss 2, Speed Six 3, Maddox 4. Tote: Rs 138 for win; 41, 49, 20 for places; Shp: 312; Fc: 13018; Q: 2737; Tanala: 37983 &amp; 16278.7. Kingfisher Derby Bangalore 2000M: Borsalino (Mrs Sharmila Padmannabhan, S Padmanabhan and Byram N Jeejeeboy) 56 A Sandesh 1, Super Storm 56 V De Sousa 2, Silver Birch 56 Zervan 3, Machiavellianism 56 Chouhan 4. 8, 3, 1-1/4. T: 2:07.75. Tote: Rs 111 for win; 28, 93, 38 for places; Shp: 261; Fc: 2220; Q: 1482; Tanala: 56317 &amp; 12068.8. Mumbai Cup 1400M: Tiberius 1, Celebrity 2, Eastern Summit 3, Winning Tactics 4. Tote: Rs 32 for win; 14, 17, 14 for places; Shp: 55; Fc: 74; Q: 65; Tanala: 232 &amp; 86.9. Chennai Cup (Div-II) 1200M: Esteban 1, Veyron 2, Biutiful 3, Union Jack 4. Tote: Rs 24 for win; 11, 14, 34 for places; Shp: 36; Fc: 46; Q: 25; Tanala: 360 &amp; 224.Jackpot: 70% Rs 258101 (1) and 30% Rs 15802 (7); Super Jackpot: 70% 64266 (2) and 30% 13771 (4); 1st Treble: 1437 (9); 2nd Treble: 597 (37).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14967040", "title": "Allahabad seeks end to traffic snarls", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Traffic police department is finding it difficult to check the cases of frequent traffic jams on main streets of the city. On an average, over 10-12 complaints are lodged with traffic police department every day. While traffic police authorities claim that ongoing work of laying sewage line and mismanagement along with haphazard parking are prime factors responsible behind the increasing cases of traffic jams, commuters on Sunday appealed to police authorities to take corrective measures in the same regard.Areas like Mundera, Sulemsarai, Roshanbagh, Attarsuiya, Chowk, Khuldabad, Kotha Parcha, Mutthiganj, Nakhas Kohna, Johnstonganj, Lukerganj overbridge etc usually witness traffic blockades on frequent intervals.The traffic police say that narrow lanes and disobeying of laws are the two other reasons behind the frequent traffic jams in old city areas. Commuters say that deployment of traffic cops and homeguards in sufficient numbers could ease the problem to a considerable extent.Be it schoolchildren, office-goers or others, they all waste precious time on the streets once trapped in jams. Officials say that hundreds of commuters move towards Civil Lines and other areas from Old City every day. It result in traffic jams near Johnstonganj crossing, which is adjacent to the Niranjan railway underbridge. The traffic swells during daily in the morning and evening.CP Sharma, a commuter, said it is a nightmare every morning and evening as one has to encounter the traffic jams. He said that senior cops must take corrective measures to ease the problem. Preeti, who works in a private firm, says that getting trapped in a traffic jam is a routine affair.Traffic Inspector IP Singh said steps are being taken to find a solution to the problem.Locals feel that the frequent traffic jams are a result of haphazard planning. Traffic police officials feel that commuters should develop traffic sense.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14971932", "title": "Soren opposes forcible acquisition of land", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) chief Shibu Soren on Sunday came out in support of Nagri villagers who have been protesting against the land acquisition drive of the state government.Addressing villagers at the Adivasi Mahasabha at Nagri in which people from 35 neighbouring villagers participated, Soren said government would not be allowed to forcibly acquire agriculture land from villagers at any cost. \"Don't waste your time. You should go straight to your land and start work as the sowing season has begun,\" he urged villagers, assuring them that he and his party will take care of their problems.Soren happens to be the chairman of steering committee of the coalition government headed by the BJP in the state. His announcement assumes significance in the wake of the fact that a committee formed by the government is scheduled to hold talks with the villagers at Birsa Agriculture University on Monday.On Saturday, villagers had refused to attend the meeting at a place selected by government, saying the committee members should hold meet at a place where land is being acquired by the government.Villagers who participated in the mahasabha expressed fear of losing their land for the proposed greater Ranchi. One of the tribal activists, Dayamani Barla, said the villagers' concern is genuine. \"We had gathered at the local circle office because there is a plan to acquire 28000 acre land of 35 villages in a phase-wise manner for establishment of greater Ranchi,\" she said. The villagers apprehended once people are evicted from Nagri village, the process of phase-wise eviction would begin.Barla called upon the villagers to join hands in Nagri agitation so that their victory in retaining tyman Mathura Prasad Mahato is heading the high-powered committee and we expect his assurances would be reflected in the final draft that the government prepares to submit before the high court,\" she said.People in Nagri village under the Kanke block of the district have been opposing the land acquisition drive of state government. Around 227 acre land is being taken by the state for construction of central educational institutions that includes IIM, IIIT and central law university. The villagers had moved Supreme Court in June after Jharkhand high court issued an order in favour of the state government. The petition of the villagers at the apex court was rejected on technical grounds, after which they launched an agitation.The high court had on Tuesday asked the state government to form a committee and file a report about the status of work progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14971610", "title": "28 women set to hone leadership skills in IIM-Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Twenty-eight women entered the portals of the premier Indian Institute of Management-Bangalore on Sunday, resolving to capitalize on an opportunity provided by the B-school's innovative women's leadership programme.The 10-week India-Women in Leadership Programme of the Centre for Public Policy, IIM-Bangalore and Centre for Social Research, New Delhi, was inaugurated by Rajasthan governor Margaret Alva.The 28 candidates, selected after several rounds of interviews, hail from different parts of the country. The course requires them to spend considerable time at their home-constituencies to get a perspective on governance.It emphasizes on policy, politics and practical aspects and also provides insight into ideology and gender issues. The course participants will spend a week each in New Delhi and Singapore, and interact with top politicians including the prime minister, apart from the learning sessions at IIM-B.Shehla Rashid, a computer science student from Kashmir, is one of the 28 candidates. \"Political space for Muslim women in India is confined. Most are actively discouraged from pursuing politics by their families as well as society. However, I feel that after this course, I can get into mainstream politics and work to change this view. This is the main reason why I took it up,\" she said.\"I plan to get into active politics some day. After finishing the course, I plan to work on my leadership skills and assist politicians to learn the trade before jumping into the battlefield,\" she added.Nagashree, an advocate, is a zilla parishad member from Chamarajnagar. She plans to utilize the training to learn public and communication skills and better her public image. \"I am expecting this training to make me a better woman leader,\" she said.Inaugurating the conference, Alva said participation of women in politics is a pre-Independence reality but that hasn't in anyway brought about equality or justice to women.\"Political parties and men at the helm consider women as mere vote-banks. They encourage women to mobilize people to vote for the party but when it comes to giving women tickets for elections, they have various reasons not to allow the so-called weaker sex to contest,\" she said.Young aspiring women leaders need to remain grounded in the party and its structure which is the only way they can win elections. \"Women need to have support from the party and its voters to be able to win elections,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14968753", "title": "Light rain expected today", "text": "NEW DELHI: After a brief dry spell, the city may witness rain again on Monday, but with milder intensity, a Met department official said. \"Partly cloudy sky is expected on Monday. Thundershowers or light rain are likely,\" the official added. The minimum temperature was recorded at 28 degrees Celsius, one degree above normal, while the maximum was recorded at 37 degrees, one degree above normal. The humidity on Sunday oscillated between 48 % and 82%.The maximum and minimum temperatures on Monday are likely to be 37 and 27 degrees Celsius, the official said. The capital has been receiving rains for the past few days. Monsoon hit the capital on July 6, after missing the normal onset date of June 29. Last year, monsoon reached the city on June 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14970443", "title": "Three children drown in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: In a tragic incident here, three children who were playing in a tank on Saturday evening, drowned and died. Praveenkumar (13) son of Karthikeyan, S Madhankumar (10) and his sister Karthika (13) from EB Colony near Iyer bungalow went to take bath in the Pattimedu tank near their house on Saturday. But when the children failed to return that evening, their parents filed a police compliant with the Oomachikulam police. At around 5.30 am on Sunday morning, a few people found three bodies floating in the tank and alerted the police. Oomachikulam police rushed to the spot and recovered the dead bodies.The parents were informed and a huge commotion prevailed as the dead bodies were sent for the post-mortem. One of the parents, Karthikeyan alleged that the children could have been kidnapped and drowned after the parents went to the police. However, police have ruled out the angle of kidnapping behind the death of the children.District SP V Balakrishnan who visited the spot and held an enquiry said that the tank which had been recently silted by the corporation to harvest rain water was deep. \"The place where the children fell is more than 12 feet deep and even adults cannot judge the depth easily. There is no motive of kidnapping in this case and the investigation revealed that the children slipped, fell in the tank and drowned,\" he said.The police department have urged the corporation and local bodies to erect warning signs near the water bodies to alert the public. They also appealed to the public to exercise caution with their children. when they play around such places.\"We are going to enumerate the number of such dangerous water bodies in the district and intimate the concerned local bodies to erect warning boards. We also appeal to the public to be careful with their children who have access to such water bodies,\" the SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14972801", "title": "Alleged NRG rape victim to be investigated on Monday", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Senior officials of the crime branch met on Sunday to discuss investigation of an alleged rape of the 40-year-old NRG woman while she was in CID (Crime) officials' custody earlier this year.The city cops will head towards Vadodara first to record the victim's statement. In this regard a notice has also been served to the woman, said crime branch officials. The investigation of the case is being supervised by deputy commissioner of police - Parikshita Rathod.On Saturday when Rathod had started investigating her, the woman said she was suffering from depression and refused to answer any questions at that juncture. \"On Monday a woman police sub-inspector, KV Boriyavi will head towards Vadodara and record the statement of the victim,\" said an officer of the crime branch.The victim had given an application of complaint to Meghaninagar police station on Saturday accusing some CID (crime) officials of raping her in their custody earlier. She alleged that the rape was to force her to sign documents related to dealings about a piece of land in Vadodara. The NRG woman who stays in Edison, US, has told the police that she had come to Vadodara in March 2010 to attend to her ailing father. During this period she came in contact with his father's confidante Arvind Jani and Jayesh Dave. As her father's health deteriorated, the duo schemed against him and usurped 168 acres of land near Rajkot for Rs 76 crore. The estimated market-price of this land is Rs 1,000 crore.After the complaint was filed on Saturday, the city police commissioner had handed over inquiry into the application of complaint to the mahila police station officials.On Sunday, investigating officials sought for some documents from the CID (Crime). The queries posed by mahila police station officials concern three medical inspections of the woman when she was in custody. The investigators have also sought records concerning the woman's production before a court in Ahmedabad.\"We shall question all those officers of CID (Crime) who have been accused by the victim. The statement of police inspector of CID (Crime) AA Shaikh who probed into the Vadodara land scam will also be recorded,\" Assistant police commissioner of crime branch, Mayur Chavda said. \"The woman was lodged in jail for one-and-a-half months. We have also sought information on the visitors who came to meet the woman during her time spent behind bars.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14995029", "title": "Aamir Khan meets PM, welfare minister on manual scavenging issue", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bollywood actor Aamir Khan today met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Union social welfare minister Mukul Wasnik to highlight the concerns of manual scavengers in the country.In a meeting at PM's residence that lasted for about half an hour, Aamir discussed the plight of manual scavengers engaged in cleaning excreta.Aamir, 47, said he was assured by the PM that he will look into the matter on a priority basis.\"I had gone to meet the PM to discuss the issue of manual scavenging. I requested him that this practice which still exists in our country should end soon. The PM has assured me that he will look into this matter and he sent me to Mukulji who handles welfare ministry,\" Aamir told reporters here.The actor focused on the issue on the July 8 episode of his TV show \"Satyamev Jayate\" where he had made a promise to meet the PM.Wasnik too assured Aamir that the government was working to put a speedy end to the problem and rehabilitate manual scavengers.\"Mukulji assured me that he will work towards putting an end to this problem. The ministry is already working on the issue and he says that they will put an end to this soon,\" Aamir said.Wasnik said that he is happy that Aamir brought this topic into the limelight.\"We are happy that Aamir has brought this topic into the limelight and I believe that everyone in this country has the right to live equally. Government of India is working towards resolving this issue and PM has also turned his attention towards it,\" Wasnik said.Aamir has taken up several issues on his debut TV show, but when asked whether the actor had any plans to join politics, he replied in the negative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14968867", "title": "R Ashwin set to launch his doosra", "text": "CHENNAI: Variation is the name of the game and no one understands it better than R Ashwin , India's No 1 spinner at the moment.Ashwin, who will be leading the spin attack in Sri Lanka, was the first in India to start bowling the carrom ball and now he is working on the doosra. \"I understand that a spinner has to be innovative all the time and I am working on the one that goes the other way without the flicking of the thumb and the bent middle finger,\" Ashwin told the TOI on Sunday, a day ahead of the Team India camp that starts here on Monday.The tall offie said that it's not very easy to perfect it and he hasn't set a time frame for himself to bowl it in match situation. \"I am slowly getting used to it but I cannot say whether I will bowl that delivery in the Sri Lanka series itself. It may well happen that I will bowl it during the New Zealand Test series,\" Ashwin said.In an age when the bowlers are closely scrutinised, even a delivery like carrom ball gets picked up by batsmen and Ashwin understood the importance of adding an extra variation which will keep the batsmen guessing all the time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14967025", "title": "7 youths drown in lake at Raisen district", "text": "BHOPAL: In a tragic incident, seven youths drowned in a water body, some 25 km away from Bhopal, in Raisen district on Sunday. The deceased, between 18 and 20 years of age, were residents of Bhopal. The incident took place when they had gone for a picnic in Mahadev Pani Lake at Sehatganj village in Raisen district in the afternoon.The divers from Bhopal and Raisen fished out seven bodies by late evening. The police said Deepak 18; Anil 19; Ramkumar 20; Mahendra, 18; Monu, 20; Zeeshan, 18 and Ashu, 19 were students and the incident took place when four of them ventured into deep water.On seeing them drowning, their friends also tried to save them, but could not do so. Subsequently, all of them drowned in the water body.Among those feared dead, Mahendra and Monu were brothers. They resided in Acharya Narendra Dev Nagar in Bajaria area here. Two others, Zeeshan and Ashu were cousins and resided in Bharat talkies and Pul Bogda areas respectively, the police added.Deepak was a resident of Kolar. Anil and Ramkumar also lived in the Bajaria area. The bodies were sent for the post-mortem.On receiving the information, the families of youths also rushed to the spot. Police personnel, a large number of local villagers and visitors were present around the water body till late.In a similar incident on June 16 this year, three students of Bhopal had drowned in the Upper Lake. The three close friends were residents of Kotra Sultanabad, who lost lives by going into deep waters. The incident had taken place in Sheetal das Kee baghiya bank of the lake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14967610", "title": "Govt to open 6 more centres to provide free drugs to people living with HIV", "text": "JAIPUR: Six new antiretroviral therapy (ART) centres will be opened this year in the state to provide free drugs to people living with HIV, as the National Aids Control Society (NACO) has approved funds for the purpose in its annual action plan 2012-13.The new centres would come up at Bharatpur, Jhunjhunu, Barmer, Dungarpur, Nagaur and Jalore.The NACO has approved Rs 32 crore for preventing new infections, care support and treatment, institutional strengthening and strategic management information system. Last year too, NACO had approved almost an equal amount for the state.Barmer, Dungarpur, Nagaur and Jalore were identified by the NACO last year for ART centres but due to certain reasons, these centres could not be opened, a health official said.Besides, the Centre has directed the Rajasthan State AIDS Control Society (RSACS) that four ART centres from previous years annual action plan need to be made functional.The work for construction of ART centres in the four districts has been completed and they would be opened soon.There are 10 existing ART centres in the state - in Jaipur, Jodhpur, Bikaner, Udaipur, Kota, Ajmer, Alwar, Pali, Bhilwara and Sikar.As per the department's figures, out of the total people living with HIV, who started ART, 12,488 are alive and currently on ART. Jaipur district shows the maximum number of people living with HIV ever started ART with 7,800 patients till March 2012. In Jodhpur, there are 5,579 and in Udaipur 3,930 people living with HIV are on ART.Apart from 10 existing ART centres, there are 26 link ART centres, which are also functional in the state for providing services to people living with HIV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14970776", "title": "Chandrapur police arrest two with fake notes", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Chandrapur police busted a major counterfeit currency racket and nabbed two youths who were circulating fake notes in the market on Saturday evening. The accused - Mohd Malik Sheikh (23) and his younger brother Khalil (20) - hail from Bavala village in Malda district of West Bengal. Counterfeit notes worth Rs 1.53 lakh and genuine cash of Rs 50,000 has been seized from their possession.Police sources said that Sheikh brothers had rented a room at Super Lodge on Saturday morning. They later moved into Gol Bazaar and started purchasing small items worth Rs 50-100 with the counterfeit notes of Rs 1,000 denomination. Their stunt continued all throughout the day but soon the traders picked up that fake notes are being circulated in the market.Immediately news of some youths circulating counterfeit notes spread among the traders in the market. One trader identified Malik and caught him immediately with the help of some other traders. Senior police officers rushed to the spot and recovered 22 counterfeit notes of Rs 1,000 denomination from Malik. Cops took Malik to City police station, where he spilled the beans saying he came with his brother and is staying at Super Lodge.A posse of LCB, Ramnagar and City police immediately raided the room hired by Sheikh brothers and recovered counterfeit notes of Rs 1000 denomination worth Rs 1.22 lakh and Rs 50,000 genuine cash from a bag in their room. Malik's brother Khalil had by that time not returned to the room and was still out in the market. Cops laid a trap and traced him by locating his mobile's position late in the night.As the word about the arrest of accused circulating counterfeit notes spread in Gol Bazar, several traders turned up in City police station with the counterfeit notes of Rs 1000 denomination circulated by Sheikh brothers. City police have collectively seized counterfeit notes worth Rs 1.53 lakh including the fake notes deposited by the traders at police station.Cops are interrogating the Sheikh brothers about the kingpin of the racket. Both Malik and Khalil have been placed in police custody till July 25. API BP Urade is further investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14968972", "title": "UP Special Task Force rescues kidnapped govt official from Agra", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a major breakthrough, the Special Task Force of Uttar Pradesh Police on Sunday rescued a senior government official who had been kidnapped on July 8 from Gautam Budh Nagar. Satyendra Narain Singh, the joint director of Petroleum Conservation Research Centre (Delhi), was recovered from Agra. Three of the kidnappers were arrested and Rs 9.23 lakh in cash which the family had paid as ransom was also recovered from their possession.Additional director general (STF) Jagmohan Yadav told TOI that late on July 8 night one Uma Singh called up the Kasna police station in GB Nagar to inform that her husband Satyendra Narain Singh had been kidnapped. According to her, Satyendra had gone for his post-dinner stroll around 9.15 pm near their flat in Block number B-12 of Black Gold Apartment in Sector Omega-1 of Greater Noida. He went missing thereafter. Even as the family and friends of Satyendra were still looking for him they received a call demanding Rs 2 crore in ransom for his safe release.\"Once we came to know about the incident, the STF was also roped in for the investigations with its senior superintendent of police Satyendra Veer Singh supervising the probe himself,\" Yadav told TOI. \"Within the next few hours itself the SSP was camping in Greater Noida along with two teams led by additional SP Anant Deo and deputy SPs Rajesh Kumar Singh Anil Kumar Pandey stationed at strategic locations around GB Nagar. With their logistics in place, the operation began full swing,\" Yadav said.As a conscious decision keeping in mind the probable threat to the life of the catch, the police decided to allow the family continue with their negotiations with most of the family members clueless about the STF operations under way. After a series of phone calls, the negotiations that started from Rs 2 crore finally ended on Rs 16 lakh and the kidnappers hung up stating that they would inform the family about how and where the money was to be paid.In the meantime, the STF managed to trace a location in Agra where the catch was apparently held captive and from where the ransom calls were being made. When, in the last ransom call that the family received, the kidnappers asked them to deliver the money at a location in Agra, an advance team of STF was rushed to Agra and the senior officers followed later on.Once the money exchanged hands on Sunday at the given place and time in Agra, the STF moved in and rescued Satyendra Narain Singh, and nabbed two persons. One of their associates was also rounded up shortly thereafter at the instance of the two accused in custody. Police recovered Rs 9.23 lakh in cash that the Singhs have paid as first installment of ransom to the gang.The arrested accused were identified as Shyam Kishore Pathak, Samit Pathak and Raj Kumar Tewari - all natives of Agra district. Police also recovered a .32 bore revolver and a double barrel gun (licensed) along with a Maruti Van and a Hero Honda motorcycle that the kidnappers were using. \"Interrogation of the accused is under way and more arrests are likely in the case within the next 24 hours,\" said SSP STF Satyendra Veer Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14986912", "title": "A year on, 13/7 Mumbai trial yet to commence", "text": "MUMBAI: The trial in the serial bombings that hit Mumbai on July 13, 2011 is yet to commence even a year after the tragic incident that claimed 27 lives.The delay is being attributed to the fact that the special courts are still hearing other terror related cases on an everyday basis.While the 2006 Mumbai serial train blasts case is in its final leg with the statements of the accused being heard under section 313 of the CrPC, the charges in the Aurangabad arms haul case are expected to be framed soon.In May Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) filed a 4800 pages chargesheet before a special Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act court in the blasts case. The ATS named 10 accused and said that the objectives behind the bombings at Opera House, Zaveri Bazar and Dadar were to \"create instability in the state\" and to \"weaken the country's economy\". While five people have been arrested in the case, six others are absconding.The chargesheet says that \"the entire criminal conspiracy was hatched by Riyaz Bhatkal and Yasin Bhatkal\", who are \"the chief cogs of the notorious\" Indian Mujahideen.The banned terrorist group, it adds, was created by Pakistani spy agency ISI \"to spread terror in this country\". Riyaz and his brother Iqbal Bhatkal \"operate from Pakistan with the help of their associates based in India by imparting instructions to them\" via electronic means through Yasin.Riyaz and Yasin are two of the wanted accused named in the chargesheet. Among the remaining wanted accused are two suspected Pakistani nationals identified as Waqqas Ibrahim Shaikh and Danish alias Tabrez; a 22-year-old, Shaikh Mohd Tahsin Akhtar, currently believed to be on the run in Andhra Pradesh; and an Indian-born hawala operator based in Dubai named Muzzafar Kola. More than Rs 12 lakh was used to execute the three blasts.Those arrested and chargesheeted include Haroon Rashid Abdul Hameed Naik, Naquee Ahmed, Nadeem Akhtar and a Delhi-based hawala operator, Kawalnayan Pathreja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14970971", "title": "Special traffic plan for Cantonment railway station-Lanka road", "text": "VARANASI: Taking lessons from the bitter experience of first Monday of Shrawan, the district police, finalised a special traffic plan for Cantonment railway station-Lanka road on Sunday to avoid problems for commuters on the second Monday of the holy month.Maidagin-Godowlia-Sonarpura, Lahurabir-Girjaghar-Bhelupur and Cantonment-Sigra-Rathyatra-Bhelupur roads connects Lanka area with the main city. All the major markets of the city are located on these roads. As the vehicular movement is stopped on Maidagin-Godowlia-Sonarpura and Lahurabir-Girjaghar-Bhelupur roads on Mondays of Shrawan, the entire traffic is diverted on already busy Cantonment-Sigra-Rathyatra-Bhelupur road.On first Monday, the commuters suffered badly on this road due to unavailability of traffic as well as civil police. When the senior cops tried to find out the reason behind the unavailability of cops on such road it came to light that the policemen spared from police stations for traffic regulation exercises in normal days had also been engaged in Shrawan month's law and order and crowd regulation exercises while traffic police were deployed at the diversion points on the city's outskirts.SP (city) S K Singh said that the commuters would not face problems like first Monday as special traffic plans had been finalised. He said that adequate police force would be deployed on Cantonment railway station-Lanka road to regulate the traffic. The entire traffic load would remain on one road and speedy vehicular movement would not be an easy task, police officials admitted.In comparison to first Monday, when a very low turnout of Kanwariyas was visible, the devotees had started thronging the city from neighbouring districts in heavy strength since Sunday afternoon. Due to it, the reserved lanes of highways wore saffron colour and queues leading to Kashi Vishwanath temple's Chhattadwar had also started stretching upto several kilometres on Dashaswamedh and Nichibagh sides since Sunday afternoon.Hence, the police had to implement the traffic diversion plan from afternoon itself, instead of Sunday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14971033", "title": "'I'm an independent CM'", "text": "HUBLI: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar on Sunday made it clear that he is an independent chief minister having complete freedom to execute his duties.Addressing his maiden press conference -- after taking oath as chief minister in Hubli -- on Sunday, Shettar said he will give transparent, corruption-free and clean government. \"I became chief minister in a very critical time, and it's a challenge for me to deliver goods within 11 months. I have many responsibilities which I have to handle carefully and efficiently,\" he said.Touching upon various issues of north Karnataka, he said people of NK region are emotional, and I know their problems. On a priority, I will take up Kalasa-Banduri project, and solve drinking water problem in the twin cities.\"A tribunal was set up to sort out the issues faced by both Karnataka and Goa in implementing this project. I will write to Goa vhief minister Manohar Parrikar to remove the hurdles coming in the way of implementing the project. If there are any issues with Goa, I will sort it out amicably,\" he added.Besides, a committee headed by Dr Paramshivaiah had also submitted its report on recommending certain measures to end the havoc created by Bennihalla stream during monsoon. \"We will start implementing the recommendations of this report,\" the chief minister said, adding that they are also awaiting another report to Doni river which wreaks havoc in Bijapur during rain.When asked about Suvarana Soudha, Shettar said the Belgaum monument will be inaugurated after the session. \"Measures will be taken to hold the next session there,\" he added.On drought-relief works, he said the government is convening a meeting of chief secretaries and officers concerned in Bangalore on Tuesday. Rs 136 crore had already been released to carry out relief works. \"Dealing with drought is our top priority now,\" he added.Speaking on his sudden visit to New Delhi on Saturday, Shettar said he met the party leaders and high command to seek their blessings - \"and not to finalize the list of cabinet ministers\". On appointing Lokayukta, Shettar said he would talk to legal experts and take measures to appoint the Lokayukta as early as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14989026", "title": "Increasing H-1B, L-1 visa fees may hurt Infosys, TCS profits", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian IT companies, including market leaders TCS and Infosys, may have to bear huge costs towards employee visa fees going ahead, which in turn can put pressure on their profit margins.Difficult visa norms, particularly in the US -- one of the most important markets for the Indian software companies -- have already made an adverse impact on their operating margins in the first quarter of the current fiscal and the trend is likely to continue in the coming quarters.The companies are being hit hard by the double whammy of higher visa rejection rate and increased visa costs, but the changing dynamics of the outsourcing business might lead to the Indian IT companies seeking even larger number of visas for their employees going ahead, experts say.India's largest software firm Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) has applied for 5,900 H-1B visas for the US this year, up 1,400 from last year's 4,500 applications.TCS' executive vice-president and global human resources head Ajoy Mukherjee said the company is now looking at more H-1B visas, given the higher risks of visa rejections in the L1 category.According to officials at industry body Nasscom, the visa rejection rates are as high as 40 per cent in the US. The grouping has expressed concern about the issue in the past and has been involved in discussion with the US administration seeking further clarity in regulations and interpretations pertaining to visa rules.For Indian IT firms, the most common visa categories are L-1 (meant for intra-company transfers of employees to the US offices from other locations) and H-1B (non-immigrant visa that allows US companies to employ foreign workers in specialty occupations).The fees were raised for both the categories in August 2010, while changes are being anticipated in the immigration rules of the US.The US accounts for about 60 per cent of the Indian IT sector's overall revenues. As a result, Indian companies account for a significant portion of the professional visa applications in the US.Among Indian companies, Infosys incurred $7 million in visa costs during the quarter ended March 31, 2012. However, these costs could vary by a wide margin, as the number of available visas in the US tends to vary substantially from quarter to quarter.Infosys' visa costs were as high as $15 million in July-September quarter of 2011. The company incurred total visa charges of Rs 202 crore (0.6 per cent of revenue) last fiscal ended March 31, 2012 -- up from Rs 184 crore in FY2011.Announcing its first quarter results last week, TCS chief N Chandrasekaran said the company's margin was impacted by factors like wage increases and higher visa fees on account of a \"significant number of visas\" it had applied for.Similar comments were made by Infosys and iGate while announcing their financial results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "both legends in their own right", "code": "14985616", "title": "Dara Singh, Satyadev Dubey, one last time in a film", "text": "Both legends in their own right: wrestling champion and actor Dara Singh, who passed away a few days ago, and the doyen of Hindi theatre Satyadev Dubey, who left this world on December 25, 2011, will be seen for one more time in a film titled Ata Pataa Laapataa directed by Rajpal Yadav, who also plays the lead in it.The film, a musical political satire, will see Dubey playing a theatre actor a la Sir Lawrence Olivier's portrayal of Shakespeare and Dara Singh as the owner of a drama company. Fortunately, Ata Pataa Laapataa has been completed, and will release in October. It is dedicated to Dubey and Singh.Asked about his film, Rajpal says, \"When Satyadev Dubeyji agreed to be in my film, I felt I had achieved something great in life. And after that, Dara Singhji also agreed to be part of my film. Both the doyens were so inspiring to watch and direct. Satyadevji would say, 'Don't hesitate in correcting me if I am going wrong'. This, coming from the God of acting to someone who's not just his disciple but also a first-time director.\"About Dara Singh, Rajpal says, \"He was so professional in spite of his failing health. And so childlike in his enthusiasm about his role. By the time we came to his dubbing, he was too ill to travel. So, we recorded his dubbing at his home. We did try to get voices of mimic artistes to match Daraji's voice. But it was impossible. Dara Singhji's voice and personality can't be duplicated. He was one of his kind.\"Rajpal describes his film as an 'organised musical chaos'. Of the 175 actors, only 20 have acted in films while the rest are from theatre. Dara Singh even delivers a speech on the state of the nation in the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14970174", "title": "Develop technologies to improve the agriculture sector: Veerendra Heggade", "text": "MANGALORE: Engineers and scientists must develop technologies to improve the agriculture sector in India as it is lagging behind when compared to other sectors, said D Veerendra Heggade, president of Sri Dharmasthala Manjunatheswara (SDM) Education Society, here on Friday.He was speaking after inaugurating the 35th series seminar and exhibition of student-project programme, organized by SDM Institute of Technology. \"Foreign countries give importance to technologies related to agriculture, because of which they are ahead in agri-related developments,\" Heggade added.B N Raghunandan, divisional chairman (earth and environmental science) of Indian Institute of Science, said India has nearly 2,000 engineering colleges and over five lakh engineers and engineering students.\"If they contribute their knowledge, then India will become a super power in a short time,\" he felt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14970505", "title": "8 pilgrims from Kanpur killed in Himachal", "text": "SHIMLA: Eight pilgrims , mostly from Kanpur city were killed and 35 others injured when a bus in which they were travelling skidded off the road and fell into a 250-foot deep gorge in Himachal Pradesh, police said on Sunday. The victims included six men and two women. The injured were admitted to Rajendra Prasad Medical College and Hospital in Tanda, 30 km from the accident spot, and were out of danger.The pilgrims, who had returned from Amarnath and Vaishno Devi shrine in Jammu and Kashmir, were on a visit to prominent Hindu shrines of this hill state in Kangra district. The accident took place near Brajeshwari ghat near Kangra fort on the outskirts of Kangra town, 250-km from state capital Shimla, around 10 pm on Saturday, police officer Mulk Raj said.\"They were travelling from Chamunda Devi temple to Jwalaji temple when the accident occurred,\" he said. Witnesses told police that the bus driver probably lost control over the vehicle when it was descending a steep gradient. \"After hitting a mountain, the bus rolled down the gorge,\" a police official said.It took hours for rescuers and police to climb down the mountain and bring up the bodies. Even the rainfall in the region hampered the rescue operation, police officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14967632", "title": "Govt to do monthly auditing of maternal deaths", "text": "JAIPUR: Each and every maternal death in the state will be audited on a monthly basis at the district health society meetings headed by district collectors. The decision was taken to bring down the high rate of maternal deaths, which is currently 318 per 1,00,000 lakh live births.Principal secretary, health, B N Sharma said the district health society meeting, headed by the collectors, will audit each and every maternal and infant death. Besides, each death would be reported at the medical directorate.Also, the department has decided to identify high risk pregnancies in the state right from the first antenatal check up.The department estimates that around 25% to 30% of pregnancies in the state are high risk ones. It has decided to keep the pregnant women who are less than 7 g/dl under the high risk category as they are severely aneamic. Besides those women who had a history of miscarriage and had delivered still-born babies in the past will be categorized as high risk.In Rajasthan, nearly 16 lakh women give birth to infants in a year, out of them more than 25% are high risk pregnancies.The department claimed that the institutional deliveries in the past few months have increased by around 8% because the pregnant women are availing facilities of cashless deliveries under Janani Shishu Suraksha Yojana (JSSY). The department is also providing free medicines and meals to the women hospitals who come for institutional deliveries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "houston", "code": "14969613", "title": "Sunita Williams to vote in US presidential polls, watch Olympics from space", "text": "HOUSTON: Indian-origin astronaut Sunita Williams, who took off for her second space mission on Sunday, will cast her vote from the International Space Station in the US presidential election to be held in November, just about a week before her return to the Earth.The 46-year-old Nasa astronaut Williams, Russian Soyuz commander Yuri Malenchenko and Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency flight engineer Akihiko Hoshide on Sunday took off their space journey on a Russian Soyuz rocket, which blasted off successfully from Baikonur cosmodromein Kazakhstan. Williams is scheduled to return to earth on Nov 12. Day for voting for the US president is Nov 6.A sports lover herself, Williams is also excited about watching the London Olympics from the space and is looking forward to have some sort of relay race at her current home - the ISS. Williams said that she will be excited to watch London Olympics from the station.So she will be casting her vote in the election through Nasa's special programme called 'Voting from Space'.\"We'll, there's a programme called Voting from Space, we're working through it right now. I'm a, actually a Florida voter so it, we had to have a little bit more work involved--Texas has already, worked through the process--and I, I will actually be voting from space,\" Williams said before her flight.Incumbent President Barack Obama will face Republican Mitt Romney in the November election.A sports lover herself, Sunita Williams is excited about watching the London Olympics from the space and is looking forward to have some sort of relay race at her current home -- the ISS.Williams, who was into sports during her days in the Naval Academy, said that she will be excited to watch the London Olympics from the station and put a much more global perspective on the mega sporting event beginning July 27.\"I was on the swim team there, I was on the cross country team, on the bike club, so a lot about sports ..... I went to jump school and stuff like that, just a lot of good outdoorsy stuff,\" Williams said in a pre-flight interview to NASA.She thinks there is a similarity between the International Space Station's goal of fostering global cooperation and the spirit of the Olympics.\"Well, of course. It's, I mean, the Olympics, what is it, it's an international competition, to foster friendship and, and competition across, across the planet, and I think that's exactly what the International Space Station is.\"When asked whether they are going to have any Olympic Games on board, she said, \"Well, we probably will. I think, we're going to go beyond the, or not cross over country boundaries, though, because, you know, we are already an international crew, so I think we might do something Soyuz crew versus Soyuz crew.\"I'm looking at some type of relay maybe or something like that. So I think we're going to have some competitions up there. We'll see what happens,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14972198", "title": "Infighting among Red splinter groups declines", "text": "RANCHI: Maoist splinter groups' call for unilateral ceasefire among themselves has evoked positive response, resulting in noticeable decline in the spate of violence. The response is not in dialogue, but in action, which is evident from the reduction in number of clashes among the armed groups.CPI (Maoist) Bihar Jharkhand North Chhatisgarh Special Area committee (BJNCSAC) spokesman Gopalji, who extended the proposal for unilateral cease fire calling upon the armed groups to join hands with CPI Maoist to fight against the state forces,said that after initial increase in the intensity of strikes an environment of trust is being built now. \"Our cadres are vigilant and on constant watch on the movement of these groups and we have observed these groups venturing into the otherwise \"restricted\" zones and moving out safely,\" he said claiming that this could be one of their checking mechanisms if the Maoists stick to their announcement of ceasefire. Gopal said that since they were not harmed in these kind of recee visits to places dominated by the Maoists, the splinter groups must have been convinced by now.State IG (provisions) and an expert in dealing insurgency operations RK Mallick admitted that a noticeable decrease in Maoist violence has been noticed. He however linked this decrease with unfavourable conditions that emerge during monsoons every year. \"Though the decrease in violence could be linked with their decision of unilateral cease fire, there are chances that because of rain and overflowing rivers, the armed cadres like previous years are keeping a low profile and avoiding clashes,\" he said.When asked if the ceasefire offer followed by joining of hands of the rebel groups could be harmful in future, Mallick said that there are fewer chances of armed groups coming together on one platform because no group would be ready to concede their area of dominance to the Maoists to give them a fertile land for extortion of levy.Mallick further said that the call for ceasefire indicates that the Maoists have been pushed to the walls and they are looking for ways to minimize their losses by being friendly with the splinter groups.Gopal, however, claimed that the positive response to their call of ceasefire has not been formally accepted by these splinter groups because of their links with ruling political classes. \"If they have confirmed our announcement by sending troops to our areas they must come forward with an announcement in open, otherwise the message would be clear that these groups are working under guidance of ruling political parties,\" he said.The last major clash of the CPI (Maoist) with the splinter groups that includes Jharkhand prastuti committee (JPC), tritiya Prastuti committee (TPC), Peoples liberation front of India (PLFI), Jharkhand jana mukti parished (JJMP) or Jharkhand liberation tigers (JLT) was reported in Hariharganj police station of Palamu in the first week of July.Maoists claimed that there has been no intergroup clashes recently and that they are going to abide by the declaration of unilateral cease fire for three months ending third week of September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14966682", "title": "Sourabh, Vinay, Deepti enter pre-quarters in state sub-junior badminton tourney", "text": "NAGPUR: City shuttlers performed well on the second day of the first Maharashtra Sub- Junior State Selection Badminton tournament at Nanded on Sunday. The five-day tournament is being organized by Maharashtra Badminton Association.Deepti Ramesh, Rashi Lambe, Malvika Bansod and Saie Nandurkar entered the U-13 girls singles pre-quarterfinals with contrasting wins in the third round.The pair of Ritika Thaker and Simran Singhi, Pallavi Pitale and Ramsha Farooqui and Rashi Lambe-Malvika Bansod sailed into the pre-quarterfinals of the U-13 girls doubles.In the U-15 girls singles, Radha Mundle pipped Apoorva Pathak 30-29 to book her place in the last 16.One of the title favourites, Sourabh Kerhalkar and Vinay Makode stormed into the U-15 boys singles and doubles pre-quarters.In the U-13 boys doubles, city pairs Srinivas Saoji-Jaskaran Suri and Sudhanshu Bhure-Rohan Gurbani secured last 16 spots.Results (Round of 32)(Girls) U-15 singles: Radha Mundle bt Apoorva Pathak 30-29.U-13 singles: Deepti Ramesh bt Devanshi Thakkar 30-3; Rashi Lambe bt Radha Mujumdar 30-16; Malvika Bansod bt Archita Malgaonkar 30-24; Saie Nandurkar bt Janaki Patil 30-9.U-15 doubles: Ritika Thaker-Simran Singhi bt Archita Malgaonkar-Nivedita Rao 30-22; Pallavi Pitale-Ramsha Farooqui bt Radhika Dagaonkar-Sanika Govekar 30-4; Rashi Lambe-Malvika Bansod bt Anvita Sabnis-Prachitee Naik 30-15.(Boys) U-15 singles: Sourabh Kerhalkar bt Parthiv Chhabria 30-16; 4-Vinay Makode bt Ajinkya Ingle 30-21.U-13 singles: Gaurav Mithe bt Parthiv Chhabria 30-16; Sudhanshu Bhure bt Raghav Khare 30-22; Rohan Gurbani bt Gaurav Mule 30-26.U-15 doubles: Sourabh Kerhalkar-Aniruddha Mayekar bt Pratik Kishore-Yash Tiwari 30-14; Chaitanya Bhave-Vinay Makode bt Akshay Mahajan-Vikram Birajdar 30-7.U-13 doubles: Srinivas Saoji-Jaskaran Suri bt Raunak Somani-Vinayak Mahindarkar 30-9; Sudhanshu Bhure-Rohan Gurbani bt Ruturaj Ramgadiya-Sumedh Deshmukh 30-9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14993786", "title": "Karthi\u2019s bi-lingual film Biryani underway", "text": "Hero Karthi's bilingual project \"Biryani\" has started shooting today in Chennai. Things are happeneing very fast for director Venkat Prabhu as he deicded to go to the floors just days after the announcement. The unit has conducted a formal pooja at the office and has commenced shooting.Director Venkat Prabhu says that \"Biryani\" is for both veggie and non-vegetarians. Production sources inform that Biryani would be shooting major portion in the locales of Hyderabad and Chennai.Richa Gangopadhyay, who earlier missed an opportunity to be part of Venkat Prabhu's Mankatha (Gambler in Telugu), has managed to grab the chance for this film. She's playing Karthi's love interest in this romantic thriller. Yuvan Shankar Raja, who is giving music for his 100th film, will be another great asset for the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14969414", "title": "Spurt in crimes against dalits, Bihar records highest number of cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bihar witnessed the highest number of caste-based crimes in the country in 2011, data released by the National Crime Records Bureau said.NCRB figures also showed that there was a spurt in crimes under the SC and ST (Prevention of Atrocities) Act in the entire country with 2011 witnessing 11,342 cases \u2014 an increase of 7.9% over the previous year.With 3,024 cases under SC/ST Act, Bihar accounted for 26.7% of total such crimes in the country. It left behind states such as UP and Rajasthan which, however, recorded maximum overall crimes against dalits.The difference between overall crimes and those under SC/ST (Prevention of Atrocities) Act is that while the former includes all crimes committed against a dalit by any caste (including a fellow dalit) for any reason, the latter includes only those cases where atrocity has been committed against a dalit by an upper caste for reasons primarily of caste difference.In this category, Bihar scored over all other states. UP, which accounts for maximum overall crimes against dalits with 7,702 cases, comes second under Atrocities Act with its share being 17.6%. Andhra Pradesh follows with a share of 12.7% under the Act.It is often argued that such figures give a misleading picture as the Act is highly abused where false complaints are lodged against people to settle personal scores. To put matters in perspective, NCRB figures show that 10.8% of cases under this Act have been found to be false.Bihar's rate of charge-sheeting cases under the Atrocities Act stands at 82.2%, below the national average of 90.7%. All other states known for caste violence have scored better than Bihar with MP and Rajasthan scoring over 99%.On rate of conviction too, Bihar has to do better. At 10.6% (way below the national average of 31.9%), it has the lowest conviction rate for crimes against dalits. Only Andhra Pradesh's rate is comparable at 11.6% while states such as UP (59%) and Rajasthan (45.7%) are far ahead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14977886", "title": "We need proactive industrial growth", "text": "The past five years have been bad for Karnataka's industry. The state has lost its pre-eminent place in the industrial firmament, focusing on some tactical steps instead of having a clear vision.The major challenges have been political instability, deep-rooted corruption in political circles, lack of adequate power, inability to acquire land and massive corruption in land allotments , an ineffective single-window system and sheer lack of leadership.To revive investor sentiments, Karnataka has to take some clear action. All pending requests for land and infrastructure by actual users and employers should be cleared immediately with possession handed over where land is acquired. Compensation needs to be paid to landowners. The longpending Nandi Road should be cleared and the Supreme Court directives obeyed. This issue has resulted in lost of trust in successive governments. Middlemen, cronies and real estate operators who have cornered land should be proceeded against and action taken for land recovery.The last two Global Investor Meets have seen very good interest from the industry. Credible applicants should have their approvals actioned. A monthly report on progress with names should be released to the people. A special Implementation Directorate under the chief secretary should be set up for this purpose . An ombudsman like Justice Santosh Hegde should be appointed with adequate powers to investigate complaints of corruption from the industry. All approvals should be made valid for ten years at a time to obviate the need for repeated applications which foster corruption. Environment approvals for non-polluting industries like construction and IT should be made automatic with clear norms and set standards.The power sector has been a disaster . The KPCL should be privatized as it lacks finance and management for growth. Karnataka has a good regulator to protect consumer interest in this sector and the government should withdraw from being a provider of power.The state should urgently start work on the 1000-km Bidar-Bangalore Growth Corridor to link the land and labour-rich North with the huge markets around Bangalore-Mysore . New ports should be tendered out to link the hinterland to the growth areas. Only such a massive infrastructure project can turn the mood and bring back interest in Karnataka when competition is intense. Above all, infrastructure in Bangalore needs to be improved on a war footing. All pending road projects should be accelerated, pavements cleaned and cleared, traffic improved , public transport enhanced, ban on night life after 11 pm revoked and Brand Bangalore refurbished. Karnataka's decline started when a political leader abused IT leaders and tried to create an urban-rural divide. This needs to be reversed. There is still hope.(TV Mohandas Pai is chairman, Aarin Capital Partners. He spoke to Mini Joseph Tejaswi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14970989", "title": "CM gets tough over drought-relief work", "text": "HUBLI: In his first visit to Hubli after taking charge as the chief minister, Jagadish Shettar on Sunday listed out his priorities for Hubli city and drought measures. In an interview to TOI, he also highlighted the importance that he has accorded to quelling dissidence. Excerpts.Perceived as a soft person, how will you handle lax officers who fail to take up drought-relief measures? No doubt, I'm a very soft person. (But) as a CM I will have to act tough. I'm very particular about drought-relief works. I'm observing how the officers are working and implementing the relief works. I will not tolerate if I find any lapses on their part. They will have to face the music.Any plans to carry out cloud seeding? Already, the officers of irrigation department have been instructed to finalize the districts where cloud seeding is necessary, and to submit report within 15-20 days. After getting report, we will start cloud seeding.How will you handle dissidence that is still smouldering? Like other parties, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) too has dissidence. But I will advise my party workers and leaders not to air their grievances in public and approach me at any time to discuss their problems. I'm always available for them. If there are any differences, we can sit together and find a solution within the party's framework.Haladi Srinivas Shetty is threatening to resign, while some MLAs are planning to meet the party high command in Delhi under the leadership of minister G Karnunakara Reddy.I'm in touch with Shetty and Reddy for the past two days. Though I had not promised any ministerial berth to Haladi, I'm hopeful that they will fall in line and give support to run the government.How do you react to the governor's views that tainted MLAs should not have been made ministers? The governor has expressed his views and I respect them. Some cases of the ministers are pending before the Lokayukta court. I will take appropriate decision after the final verdict.People of north Karnataka have pinned a lot of hopes on you since you hail from this region. What can they expect from you? I will give priority to the implement recommendations of Nanjundapppa Committee report and solve Bennihalla problem. On a priority, I will focus on giving basic facilities to all.What is your plan for Hubli city? I will give thrust on completing on going projects like four-lane project between Hubli-Dharwad, extending 24X7 water supply scheme to all wards and streamlining UGD system in twin cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "14973436", "title": "Government to cancel licenses of three doctors", "text": "SAMBALPUR: The government would cancel the licenses of three Jharsuguda doctors, who were convicted in Januray 2012 for violating the pre-natal sex-determination law.During a raid in 2009, the three medics, S D Sharma of Sairam Hospital, Beherapat, Ramaniranjan Tripathy of Central Hospital, Mandalia, and Purnachandra Pradhan of People's Charitable Hospital and Research Centre, Belpahar, were found using ultrasonography machines at their private clinics without proper registration.This, sources said, is against the PC &amp; PNDT (Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (Regulation and Prevention of Misuse) Amendment Act, 2002. The SDJM Jharsuguda had convicted them on January 31, 2012 and sentenced them to three years' rigorous imprisonment and a fine of Rs10,000 each.They are still in medical practice as they appealed against the judgment. But after this, they will not be able to continue their medical practice.\"As per the order of the government, the district collector has asked me to furnish a report in this issue for the cancellation of medical licenses of Dr. Sharma, Dr. Mishra and Dr. Pradhan,\" Jharsuguda CDMO Binod Nayak said on Sunday.\"The report is being prepared. It will be sent to the Indian Medical Registration Council which issues licenses to medical practitioners all over the country,\" the CDMO added.Section 18 of the PNDT Act states that no person shall open any genetic counselling centre or genetic laboratory or clinic, including centres having ultrasound or imaging machines or scanners or any other technology capable of undertaking determination of sex of foetus, unless it is duly registered under the Act.The three doctors in question refused to comment on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14972140", "title": "IIM-R elocution contest throws light on social issues", "text": "RANCHI: Footpath vendors and rickshaw pullers are often ill treated by society and not much is done to bring about positive changes in their condition. To highlight the issue, an inter-college elocution competition 'An opinion for solution' was conducted at IIM-Ranchi on Sunday.'Improvement in the condition of rickshaw pullers' and 'socio-economic condition of roadside vendors' were the two topics discussed in the contest. About 32 students from 10 different colleges participated in the program. Ideas of Ajay Lakra, a student of St Xavier's College were appreciated by the audience and judges. He said, \"Committees has to be made for surveying and dealing with the problems of footpath vendors at block and district level. Seats should be reserved for the children of footpath vendors in higher educational institutes.\"Another impressive idea by Upasna Singh of National Institute of Banking Management (NIBM) was lauded by the judges and the students alike. She said, \"Better implementation of government programs and extending education and health facilities can help the downtrodden section of society.\"The program was organized by Prayas, an NGO and NIBM. Member of Prayas, Sanjeev Mishra said, \"The winning ideas will be passed on to the Jharkhand government and will be presented before the students of IIM as food for thought.\"Kamal Bose, professor at St Xavier's College and Vinay Bharat, lecturer at Marwari College judged the program.Bose said, \"I am impressed with the mind blowing ideas of young minds. If any of these ideas are implemented, a lot of positive changes will be observed in the socio-economic condition of the poor.\"Director of IIM, Fr MJ Xavier inaugurated the program, and director of NIBM, MK Gupta and Rajesh Sharma, president of Usha Martin Academy graced the occasion as the chief guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14969875", "title": "2,500kg of ammonium nitrate seized from Kumily checkpost", "text": "KOCHI: About 2,500kg of ammonium nitrate was seized from Kumily checkpost in Idukki on Sunday morning.According to the police, the consignment was being illegally brought in a truck from Tamil Nadu.\"We detected it during a routine vehicle check. One person managed to escape from the truck, but we nabbed Mohan, the driver. The truck with Tamil Nadu registration was carrying 48 sacks of ammonium nitrate weighing 50kg each,\" a police official said. Surveillance has been strengthened at all checkposts after an intelligence input on large scale smuggling of ammonium nitrate.A week ago, 17 tonnes of ammonium nitrate was seized from a truck at Vazhikadavu near Malappuram. Police have been monitoring the sale and distribution of ammonium nitrate after extremist elements started using it as explosives.A committee of top police officials headed by state DGP Jacob Punnoose has been preparing a draft for amending the Explosives Act. It will recommend suitable changes to the act, aimed at regulating the sale and use of ammonium nitrate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14973430", "title": "State cops deny arrest of Guwahati 'molester'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The sensational Guwahati molestation case sent the Odisha police into a tizzy following reports that the main accused of the ghastly incident Amarjyoti Kalita was arrested from Bhubaneswar railway station on Sunday.While Assam police was anxiously waiting for confirmation of the arrest from its Odisha counterpart, the top police officers of Odisha police, railway protection force (RPF) and government railway police (GRP) vehemently denied the development and branded it a \"rumour\".\"We did not arrest any accused of the Guwahati molestation case from Bhubaneswar or any other part of Odisha,\" state DGP Prakash Mishra told TOI.Twin city commissioner of police Sunil Roy parroted Mishra, saying, \"It could have been a rumour. I have no knowledge about any such arrest.\"RPF inspector Barun Kumar Behera and GRP inspector Smruti Ranjan Kar too replied in the negative. \"Had the Assam police arrested any accused from the station, they would have informed us about the development. As per rule, the accused should have been produced in a local court,\" Kar said.It is pertinent to mention here that the Bhubaneswar police was tipped off by Assam police three days ago about the possible presence of Kalita in the Odisha capital. \"Intelligence report of Assam police indicated that Kalita called up somebody in Bhubaneswar. After getting the information, we tracked the number and the call was traced to a PCO booth on platform no 4 of Bhubaneswar railway station,\" said city DCP Nitinjeet Singh. \"It was not possible to make any headway as hundreds of people throng the PCO everyday,\" Singh said.Sources said the police searched several hotels and accommodation centres near the railway station on Sunday in the hunt for Kalita, who is on the run since he was filmed while allegedly molesting the teen-aged girl in full public view in Guwahati last Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14968625", "title": "Musahar students to relive Julius Caesar", "text": "PATNA: On the pulpit lies the body of the great Julius Caesar, with a stunned Marc Antony standing beside it. In an effort to cool the heated tempers of the Romans, excited by Brutus' speech, Antony, using his oratorical skills, exclaims, \"Friends, Romans, countrymen, lend me your ears. I come to bury Caesar, not to praise him. The evil that men do lives after them, the good is oft interred with their bones. So, let it be with Caesar.\" This time, however, it is the children of Musahar community who will relive Act III, Scene II of Julius Caesar made famous by Shakespeare, by playing the characters of Caesar, Antony and Brutus, and that too in English.The occasion would be the sixth foundation day celebration on Monday of the Rukunpura-based school here, Shoshit Samadhan Kendra (SSK). Incidentally, Musahars have traditionally been so poor that they were forced to eat rats to satiate their hunger.\"Dozens of students are giving final touches to the rehearsal of the play. We are all excited to do a play in English,\" said a student. The schoolchildren will also present a cultural programme, including one-act plays both in English and Hindi.SSK is an English-medium residential school which provides free education to Musahar children. It has been set up by an organization, Shoshit Seva Sangh (SSS), which was floated by J K Sinha, a former IPS officer, who retired as special secretary in the Research and Analysis Wing (RAW) in 2005. The school not only provides free education, but also bears the expenses of boarding, lodging, clothes, books, medicare etc of its students.\"SSK has a highly qualified faculty, who more than fulfil the eligibility criteria laid down by the CBSE,\" said its founder J K Sinha, a former IPS official.The school began with 50 children in 2007, and presently has 280 students. Its students belong mostly to ghettoes from remote villages of various districts of Bihar, including Madhubani, Sheohar, Chhapra, Nalanda, Gaya, Sheikhpura etc. All the children come from families living in abysmal poverty.Former President A P J Abdul Kalam had visited the school in November last year and was impressed by the knowledge and confidence displayed by its students. \"They display a sense of determination and confidence to succeed in life. They have set their sights on becoming engineers, doctors, lawyers and compete for class one services in government and public sector undertakings. Many aspire to become IAS and IPS officers, taking full advantage of reservation mandated by the government, Sinha told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "garhwa/ gumla", "code": "14972218", "title": "Drought-like situation feared in Garhwa district", "text": "GARHWA/ GUMLA: A droughtlike situation is feared in the district owing to inadequate rainfall. Garhwa has recorded 40% less rainfall so far, making things difficult for the farmers, district administration, on the other hand is yet to accept the situation as alarming. The administration is still optimistic that showers in the near future will compensate for the deficit, the district has suffered so far.According to local Krishi Vigyan Kendra, Garhwa district has received only 258.2 mm rainfall till July 14 against the normal 450 mm. which is 40% less than the average rainfall. Nevertheless, the district administration has formed task force in view of a probable drought-like situation. The meeting of task force will be held every week to ensure adequate supply of seeds and fertilizers to every corner in the district.District agriculture officer (DAO) Arun Kumar said that paddy crop is transplanted in the district till the second week of August, adding that at present drought-like situation should not be predicted.Akhilesh Chandra Mishra, an agriculture scientist also said that farmers should not worry about inadequate rainfall. They may well cultivate short duration crops that require little rainfall to grow. \"Farmers can harvest arhar, sesame, soyabean, maize, urad (horse-bean), etc. They should select high land for cultivation of short term crops,\" he added.Meanwhile, farmers in Gumla got some relief as the district registered good rainfall on Saturday and Sunday.However, the rainfall has not been uniform in the district. \"Albert Ekka, Dumri and Chainpur blocks witnessed scanty rainfall,\" Pius Toppo, a farmer of Datra village in Chainpur block, said. He said due to uneven rainfall, saplings have been growing at some places whereas at other places farmers have not yet sown paddy seeds for preparing seedlings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14970786", "title": "'Libya gagged Lockerbie bomber with 15 million pound'", "text": "LONDON: The Lockerbie bomber, Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al-Megrahi, was paid up to 15 million pounds by Colonel Gaddafi's regime to 'buy his silence' for not revealing the name of the culprit who blew up a passenger jet over the Scottish town.According to The Daily Express, outgoing Libyan leader Mustafa Abdul Jalil revealed this Gaddafi regime truth.He said Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al-Megrahi was paid 150,000 euros a month, which comes to 14.6 million pounds from his arrest in 1999 to his release in 2009.Jalil denied saying that Gaddafi had personally ordered the bombing, adding: \"All I said is that the regime was involved.\"He said Megrahi, who protested his innocence over the 1988 atrocity in which 270 people died, was ordered to drop his appeal by Gaddafi who feared the truth would be revealed.Jalil also suggested Gaddafi blew up a Libyan passenger jet in 1992, killing 157 people, including one Briton, to frame the West.Megrahi died from cancer in May at the age of 60.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "14973328", "title": "Government takes note of sorry state of affairs at Keonjhar anganwadis", "text": "KEONJHAR: After the tragic death of seven pre-school children due to the collapse of a wall at an anganwadi centre in Nayagarh, the Keonjhar district administration is struggling to alleviate the malady of lack of buildings and basic amenities at many anganwadi centres.After the Nayagarh incident, district social welfare officer Sharmistha Mohanty ordered an inquiry to identify the exact number of anganwadi centers functioning in unsafe conditions. According to the report, the highest number of 63 unsafe centers were identified in tribal-dominated Harichandanpur block, followed by 44 in Sadar area, 42 in Jhumpura block area, 40 in Ghatagaon, 39 in Telkoi, 34 in Champua, 31 in Joda, 23 in Saharpada, 10 in Banspal, 9 in Ghasipura, 6 in Hatadihi block area and 2 in Joda urban area.\"We have written to all the child development project officers (CDPOs) of the district to report about conditions in the anganwadi centers. Where there is no house, the centers are functioning from neighbouring school premises. We are regularly monitoring the anganwadi centers and sub-centers,\" said Mohanty.According to official sources, 3,085 anganwadi centers are functioning in the tribal-dominated district. Of these, only 1,046 centers have their own buildings, while the rest are functioning from various schools and rented houses. Many centers are functioning from unsafe buildings or under a tree or simply out in the open. At least 366 anganwadis are functioning from unsafe buildings, as per an official report.Sources cited lack of adequate funds in case of anganwadi centers running without their own building. Instead of repairing or constructing new buildings for the centers, the administration is spending crores of rupees for the beautification of existing centers, the sources alleged, adding many of the centres functioning in their own buildings are in a dilapidated condition and lack basic amenities.In case of anganwadis operating under a tree or out in the open, there have been several instances of children being attacked by stray dogs and reptiles. Due to lack of basic facilities that were supposed to be made available at anganwadi centres, thousands of children in the district are found to be suffering from severe malnutrition and infant mortality rate remains high.Besides, companies earning hundreds of crores of rupees profit from mineral business in the area are not spending on the welfare of children under their corporate social responsibility programmes even after the district administration ordered them to construction anagnwadi buildings in the mining belt.\"On the contrary, children here are suffering due to heavy pollution, climate change and massive deforestation caused by the mining companies,\" pointed out Manas Mohanty, a citizen of Joda.According to the official report, there are 2,340 anganwadi centres and 745 mini-anganwadi centers in the district, engaging 2,312 workers. A total number of 74,352 boys and girls in the age group of three to six years are enrolled in these centres and sub-centres. Some 28 centres are functioning without any anaganwadi workers, engaging only a helper each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14969304", "title": "Unlit expressway a nightmare for Noida's motorists", "text": "NOIDA: One needs to travel cautiously while entering the bright and prospering cities of Noida and Greater Noida as the roads are steeped in utter darkness. The road stretching from the DND link with Noida to Mahamaya flyover and till Sector 82 along the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway is not illuminated by streetlights even though the expressway has been termed the most accident-prone area in the city.Plagued with this menace, Gautam Budh Nagar MP, Surendra Nagar, has approached Rakesh Bahadur, in charge of Noida, Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway authorities, to take up the case of increasing accidents on the e-way.Nagar wrote in a letter to Bahadur that there are a number of illegal cuts on the route and no facilities for vehicles when they break down. \"The expressway is supposed to be world-class, but instead there are a number of illegal cuts that hamper smooth movement of traffic and safety of commuters,\" said Nagar. Illegal cuts are most prominent along Safipur, Kondali, Bangar, Nalgara and Jatta Badoli.Cops estimate that the expressway has claimed over a hundred lives since its inception. While they maintain that speeding is the main reason behind these accidents, infrastructural deficiencies on the route haven't helped. A study was conducted by a district police last year in which it was unearthed that 148 people lost their lives from January to October in 2009 and more than 200 injured on the expressway. A survey of accidents on the expressway from January 27 to August 17 last year shows that the eight mishaps that took place involved stationary or speeding dumper trucks.The Greater Noida expressway stretches through the jurisdiction of five different police stations and only six PCR vans are stationed to look it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14968896", "title": "Buddha comes alive on canvas", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sunday saw different expressions depicting Lord Buddha, his facial sculptures and abstract forms representing Buddha's fingers, which portray the five element of nature or panchtatva - Vayu, Jal, Agni, Prithvi and Aakash. The art exhibition on Buddha organised by Shubham Soti Memorial Trust and Shubham Soti Foundation at Lalit Kala Academy had paintings and sculptures of artists from JJ College of Arts, Mumbai, which attracted commoners as well as prominent citizens.Film maker and artist Muzzaffar Ali, who was the chief guest at the event, said, \"I feel privileged to be a part of an event, supporting such a noble cause. Lord Buddha is a symbol of peace and harmony and a painting exhibition based on his theme is a good way to nurture truce in the society.\"Mahesh Ambar who had displayed his work on Lord Buddha said, \"I tried to capture Buddha's fingers representing the panchtatva. My aim was to convey a message of tranquillity through my photographs.\" Similarly Prashant Mahagare focussed on Buddha's primary poses, the famous one being the 'Sleeping Buddha'.Ravindra Chandanshive, another artist said, \"With so much of violence in the society today, my motive is to spread peace among the people by way of my work and Buddha's face is a perfect example of it.\" Endorsing the same, Vinod Sawant who had displayed seven paintings in the exhibition feels that Buddha is an epitome of peace.A drawing competition for students was also organised on the occasion. The Soti Trust and Soti Foundation were formed in fond memory of Shubham Soti, a class XII student of Modern School, who died in a road accident on July 15, 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "14967393", "title": "Balakrishna looks for a 'safe' seat", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Although actor Balakrishna's decision to contest the next election has gladdened his fans and TDP cadres in his home district of Krishna, party leaders have advised Balakrishna to look for a 'safe seat' in the wake of rumours that he may test his luck from Gudivada constituency.Balakrishna's father and TDP founder N T Rama Rao won two successive elections from Gudivada in 1983 and 1985 and the actor had shown special interest in the segment. However, senior leaders believed to have told the actor that Gudivada is not a safe bet for making his political entry. \"We welcome Balaiah to contest the election from the district and he can enter the fray from any constituency,\" said Balakrishna fans' association leader Nimmagadda Prasad.Sources said Balaiah might opt for a Kamma-dominant Penamalur constituency. School education minister K Pardhasaradhi, a BC, won the election from Penamalur with a wafer-thin majority of 177 votes over TDP candidate Chalasani Pandu in the last election. Sources said the party leaders have started scouting for the safest seat for Balaiah. Though the local leaders are still in search of a safe seat, party MLC Y V B Rajendra Prasad claimed that Balakrishna has the mass appeal and wherewithal to win from any constituency.His fans and party cadres believe that the hero would help the party regain its lost glory in the coastal region if he decides to enter active politics. While the party's worst defeat from Prathipadu, one of the Kamma-dominant segments in Guntur district, in the recent byelections jolted the morale of the cadres, Gudivada legislator Kodali Nani's exit has further hit the calculations of the party. \"In this backdrop, Balaiah's decision to take an active role in the party affairs will galvanise the party cadres,\" a political analyst reasoned.A section of the leaders argues that Balaiah should enter Parliament portals instead of confining himself to the state assembly. A senior leader not wanting to be named said that party chief Chandrababu Naidu might not prefer Balaiah to be in the assembly as it would create another power centre and rift in the Nandamuri family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14971052", "title": "Decision on Hamid Ansari by July 18: Sitaram Yechuri", "text": "NAGPUR: Leftist parties, which are yet to decide on their choice for the post of Vice-President, will do so by July 18 at the most. Talking to the media on Sunday, CPI (M) politburo member Sitaram Yechuri said that a meeting of CPI and CPI (M) would be held in a day or two.The ruling UPA coalition has declared incumbent Vice-President Hamid Ansari as their candidate. Many other parties including BSP and RJD have declared their support to Ansari. BJP, the biggest opposition party, has not come up with any candidate so far. However, Jaswant Singh's name is emerging as the front-runner.\"We had proposed the name of Hamid Ansari in 2007. We will announce our decision by Wednesday at the most,\" Yechuri said.On support to Pranab Mukherjee for the presidential poll, Yechuri said that his party enjoyed excellent relations with PA Sangma but if felt that Mukherjee was a better candidate as he had more experience. \"The post of President is very important as in case of a hung parliament, he has to take important decisions,\" said Yechuri.The leftist leader warned that if Prime Minister Manmohan Singh opened up the economy further for foreign companies then it would only lead to loss of jobs and the decisions would be harmful for the common man. \"We are not against foreign investment. However, foreign companies should build something new, bring new technology to the country and create new jobs. These companies should not be allowed in sectors where Indian companies, public or private, are providing goods and services.\"Later, Yechuri delivered a lecture organized by social organization Janmanch. The subject was 'Is Indian democracy defenceless against use of money power in politics?'.He slammed the government's decision to allow corporate funding to parties through cheques. \"Companies should not fund any party because they would obviously expect favours in return. The law should be amended and willing corporates should only be allowed to provide money to the Election Commission of India (ECI), which will distribute the money among political parties in proportion to their strength in parliament and state legislatures,\" said Yechuri.The leftist leader also expressed concern over increasing criminalization of Indian politics. \"We will combat this in the parliament while NGOs should create awareness among common citizens,\" he told Janmanch office-bearers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14967424", "title": "Sixth pay panel arrears released", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has paid the first instalment of the sixth pay commission arrears amounting to Rs 11 crore to its employees in the salaries it issued to them in the month of July.The second instalment of arrears, also amounting to Rs 11 crore, will be released with the salaries in the month of August.The NMC had last month decided to give the sixth pay commission arrears amounting to Rs 22 crore to its employees in two instalments within the next two months, first in the month of July and another in August.A decision to this effect was taken after a meet of municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare and president of the NMC's employees' union Shivaji Sahane with the office-bearers of other employees unions of the NMC.\"NMC has paid the first instalment of the sixth pay commission arrears of Rs 11 crore in the July salaries of the employees. The second instalment of the sixth pay commission arrears of Rs 11 crore will be paid in the August salaries,\" an official from NMC said.\"We welcome the decision of the NMC administration of paying the first instalment of the sixth pay commission arrears in the July salaries. We are happy that the NMC administration has taken a very positive move in an adverse situation. The administration has been caught in the octroi and LBT row for some time, and its financial situation is also not so good,\" said Shivaji Sahane, president, NMC employees' union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14968610", "title": "Mother abandons girl child", "text": "NEW DELHI: A girl child was found abandoned at the Ambedkar Hospital in Rohini on Sunday. According to sources, the child was brought to the hospital by her mother at around noon. However, she went missing leaving the child behind.Hospital sources said the child is doing well. Police, however, said they were yet to hear from the hospital regarding this matter.When contacted, the medical superintendent, Dr C M Khaneju said he will be enquiring about the incident but was not aware of any such developments. TOI though possesses photographs of the girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14994104", "title": "Karunanidhi decides to drop Eelam agenda from TESO conference", "text": "CHENNAI: A day after Union home minister P Chidambaram called on him, DMK chief M Karunanidhi on Monday said the demand for Eelam (a separate Tamil land in Sri Lanka) will not be a topic of discussion at the proposed conference of the recently revived Tamil Eelam Supporters Organisation (TESO) to be held in Chennai on August 12.To a query from reporters, Karunanidhi said, \"It's different to have an opinion on a separate Eelam, but we don't intend to put it up as a topic for discussion in the conference and create any confusion.\" He added that the conference was more importantly to discuss the various solutions to the Sri Lankan Tamil problems and ensure they get a good livelihood.Dismissing a report that Chidambaram and he had discussed the TESO issue during their brief interaction on Sunday, Karunanidhi said, \"Chidambaram met me because he was in Chennai. We did not discuss politics at all.\" Justifying his move to drop the Eelam demand from the TESO conference agenda, the DMK veteran said, \"It is only democratic that we consult with other leaders on what they feel about a separate Eelam. We don't intend to have any protests demanding it. As of now, the priority is to ensure safety and a good living to the Sri Lankan Tamils.\"DMK sources had told TOI on Sunday that the home minister, who met Karunanidhi at his Chennai residence, had requested the DMK chief not to bring up the Eelam demand during the TESO meet. Karunanidhi, however, denied that Chidambaram had made such a request on behalf of the UPA government. He told reporters in the city, \"There is no pressure from the Centre not to talk about a separate Eelam state. Chidambaram did not discuss TESO with me.\"DMK leaders had admitted that their party chief was quite upset with the Centre's advice to him to refrain from bringing up the Eelam issue as it could cause some embarrassment to India and strain ties with Sri Lanka. It is interesting to note that these developments come in the wake of the Centre's decision to extend the ban on the LTTE. The Union government notification extending the ban on the outfit , which was virtually decimated in 2009, was issued on Saturday last. \"I have nothing to say on the extension of ban on LTTE,\" said Karunanidhi when sought for a reaction.Karunanidhi said several leaders, including Farooq Abdullah, Sharad Yadav and Ram Vilas Paswan had written to him confirming their participation in the TESO conference to be held in Chennai. The DMK chief has showcased the conference as a major initiative of his party. He said leaders from several countries like Africa , Australia and New Zealand have agreed to come, besides leaders of Tamil groups and several from Sri Lanka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14973119", "title": "Singham shortage in state", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state has vacancy of 24% as far as number of IPS officers is concerned. Against the sanctioned strength of 383 IPS officers ranging from state director general of police to assistant superintendent of police and deputy superintendents of police (DSPs), the state has 291 officers.The ratio is slightly better at the middle level with 9.33% deficiency, but the scenario turns bleak again below the rank of assistant sub-inspector where nearly 20% personnel have been reported missing from action.These findings were reported by National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) in Crime in India 2011 section. As per the report, the state ranks way down on national level as far as public to police ratio is concerned. Against the national average of 137 policemen per population of 1 lakh, the state has 119 personnel. Nationally, Bihar (65) and Uttar Pradesh (94) report the worst ratio, whereas northeastern states have the best ratio. The highest is reported by Mizoram (996) and Manipur (877).As far as case investigation is concerned, the report states that one policeman handles almost three cases (2.7) at any given time.The state police officials, however, claimed that in intensive recruitment drives, which had taken place in 2010 and 2011, the state got more than 600 officers and 5,000 personnel. At the moment, recruitment of police sub-inspectors and constables who will join the force by the end of the year is underway. \"We intend to fill up all pending vacancies by the end of 2013 with constant recruitment drives to replace the retired personnel as well,\" said a senior state police official.As per the report, the state police have 3,087 Muslim personnel and officers, 8,866 belonging to scheduled castes and 11,419 belonging to scheduled tribes.On brighter side, the state ranks high as far as infrastructure for policemen is concerned. The state has healthy ratio of vehicles to personnel and the highest penetration of wireless equipments. More than 60% of the personnel have housing provided by the state government. Gujarat also reports high number of major police stations (254) having more than 51 officers and personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14968434", "title": "Spurt in H1N1 cases in Mumbai, 75% in 2 months", "text": "MUMBAI: The H1N1 influenza virus that remained dormant for most part of 2011 and officially affected only six people in the city is back this year. The virus has already infected 107 people in the city since March with over 75% of the cases being reported in the last two months.Initially, the spurt was brushed off as a sign of higher awareness in the population leading to more people getting tested. But, after 45 people tested positive for the influenza virus in a fortnight, the civic body was forced to admit that there was an increase in the incidence since the onset of the monsoon. This was also confirmed by head of BMC's epidemiology cell Dr Mangala Gomare. Figures too suggest that while there were seven cases in March, the incidence doubled to 15 in April. It dipped to five in May only to jump again to 35 in June and further to 45 in July.On Sunday, six more people, including two children, tested positive for H1N1. A five-year-old boy from Bandra and a one-year-old toddler from Jogeshwari were the ones to test positive. Gomare said both have been put on antiviral drugs and are stable. Among the adults who tested positive, a 46-year-old man from Bandra (E) and another 56-year-old man from Borivli had to be admitted in private hospitals. The other two, a 70-year-old man from Khar (W) and a 28-year-old youth from Bandra, were treated on an OPD basis.Interestingly, there is little understanding as to why the virus is back into action, when it had remained invisible during the last monsoon. Globally, experts have declared that H1N1 would circulate much like other seasonal viruses.State epidemiologist Dr Pradeep Awate told TOI that the increase in cases has been recorded across the state. \"There has definitely been an increase in cases after the onset of rains. Most of the cases are being reported from Pune and Mumbai,\" he said. Since April this year, 351 people have tested positive in the state and so far it is the highest in the country. The virus has claimed 17 lives in the state so far, again highest in the country. The recent victim was a 13-year-old girl from CBD Belapur.Director of National Institute of Virology Dr AC Mishra explained that there was nothing surprising in the trend. \"The typical behaviour of viruses is to peak during monsoon. And, this is true not only for Mumbai or Maharashtra but for the rest of the country,\" he said. Mishra said that the increase in positive cases could also be attributed to awareness in the population to some extent.Figures with the BMC suggest that over 400 people have gone for testing in the months of June and July, while over 24,500 people have gone for screening since April. Consultant physician at Breach Candy Hospital Dr Hemant Thacker, however, cautioned that testing was not for everyone. \"A lot of upper respiratory illnesses are also in circulation now. Since the clinical index is of suspicion and mortality is rather low, the decision to test should be left to physicians,\" he said. Thacker added that persistent cold and fever for more than 48 hours should not be ignored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14967483", "title": "Medical Council of India in a fix over HC fiat on additional medical seats", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Medical Council of India (MCI) is in a fix following the high court directive to sanction 50 additional seats each for Osmania Medical College and Kakatiya Medical College.While exploring various options, including challenging the court's order, the MCI officials have reportedly decided to talk to the health secretary on Monday on the possibility of extracting an affidavit from the government on the shortcomings in both the colleges. Sources said the MCI would see to it that both the colleges fulfill all the eligibility criteria before sanctioning additional seats. \"The MCI has no hesitation to sanction the additional seats immediately complying with the high court's order.. But who would be responsible if the colleges fail to overcome the shortcomings as mentioned in the assessment report,\" a senior MCI official said.The high court, in its interim order on Friday, had asked the apex body of medical education to sanction the additional seats. K Ratna Kumar, principal secretary, health, said the government was ready with the affidavit and waiting for a call from the MCI. \"The shortcomings mentioned in the report could be rectified in a month and we are ready to give our commitment. We have already sent the affidavit to the MCI. If necessary, I will hand over the affidavit in person,\" he said.The MCI had declined additional seats for both the colleges citing inadequate infrastructural facilities. In the case of OMC, the MCI authorities blamed it on elevator malfunctioning, untidy toilets, and congested library space and inadequate strength of out-patients was cited in the case of KMC for denial of additional seats.However, Seemandhra medical colleges were granted additional seats despite having similar problems following an undertaking given by the college authorities promising to rectify the shortcomings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14972091", "title": "Dawood Ibrahim uses ship business to smuggle drugs, arms", "text": "CHENNAI: Dawood Ibrahim and his aides have a major stake in the multimillion-dollar ship-breaking industry in India, according to an intelligence report by the ministry of defence.The report says certain Pakistani nationals involved with the D-Company based in London and the UAE have a major stake in the country's ship-breaking industry, investing crores of rupees in the environmentally hazardous industry based in Alang, Gujarat. Intelligence sources said the Pakistani nationals fix deals by paying in hard cash with the collusion of corrupt local officials.Intelligence agencies briefed an inter-ministerial committee in Delhi in February 2012 about the entry of Dawood's aides into the industry and the potential security threat implications, said sources in the directorate of naval intelligence.D-Company men smuggle contraband, arms and explosives with the participation of foreign agents during their ship dismantling operations, the report says. Dawood's men use money laundering to fund the deals and many end-of-life vessels that arrive at the ship breaking yards in Gujarat simply disappear from anchorage after a short while.Officials said the current system, which permits a free run to vessels carrying dismantling permits, has allowed entry to criminals.\"The system has to be regulated and every vessel should be thoroughly checked by the navy,\" said a senior naval officer. \"MoD clearances have to be made mandatory for the entry of vessels for dismantling in India.\"At present, ships bound to Alang are permitted to anchor anywhere for emergency repairs. \"People from the underworld have a large stake in Alang ship-breaking deals,\" the officer said.Shipping and marine security expert Veeresh Mallik said the ship-breaking industry is mostly funded by black money. \"Apart from smuggling and activities that put national security at risk, many foreign-flagged vessels come to Alang and leave with forged registrations. Many such vessels have origins in safe havens for smuggling in the Persian Gulf and off the African coast,\" he said.Gopal Krishna, a researcher on ship-breaking in India, said nearly 6,000 vessels have been dispatched to India for dismantling over the past two decades. \"At least 120 vessels are now berthed in Alang,\" he said. The shipping ministry has warned states of serious action if they fail to keep a tab on the entry of toxic, end-of-life ships for dismantling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14987337", "title": "Jawani Panjab Di is an eye opener against drugs", "text": "As the government opens more and more liqour vendors, profiteering from the tax revenues and distributing free alcohol and pharmacy vouchers at election times to further destroy our senses and buy our votes. Do not expect them to save you from the killer.Our people in Punjab ignore the problem until they have to identify their sons body after he's died from an overdose of drugs. Too late!And all the time we sing 'Mera Rangala Punjab Oh Mera Rangala Punjab'. Which rangala Punjab are we singing about? The one from our memories or the present Punjab where the used drug syringes colour the land?These tracks have been produced to bring home some painful realities. Punjab is drowning in alcohol and our families are dying of drug abuse right on front of our eyes. We can't continue to deny facts, we can't pretend this isn't happening and we must be part of the solution.These tracks will not solve the problems, but we hope they will help you see the truth and that from this awareness, we as a community can work together to save ourselves. Please listen and encourage your friends and family in both Punjab and the West to understand the threat we face. Try and get involved in the solution but if you can't help, then at the very least please do not be the problem. Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14970423", "title": "Umbrellas, raincoats in demand", "text": "KANPUR: With the ongoing rainy season and incessant downpour over the last few days, the sales of umbrella and raincoats have increased in the city. The sudden rain since the past few days are allowing retailers and wholesalers to do brisk business in the peek time of monsoon. Shivam, a salesman in an umbrella shop at Meston road, said, \"the demand for umbrellas and raincoats has soared over the past couple of days.\"He added that they used to sell three to four umbrella per day in the previous days and customers were mostly women who buy the umbrellas to protect themselves from the sun. \"However, the sale has now reached 25 to 30 pieces a day, thanks to rain. Most of the customers are either working officials, students or parents of school-going kids,\" said Shivam.Owner of the shop Raman said, \"we have normal and switch umbrellas priced between Rs 200 to Rs 850. We also have special umbrellas for small kids and funky umbrellas for students and teenagers which lie between a wide range of Rs 300 to Rs1200 rupees.\" He added that it is quiet difficult to get much benefit from this business. \"We make just 40 to 60 rupees profits per umbrella and that too is missed if one bargains, which is obvious with the people here,\" said Raman. He further informed that the latest three-fold, light-weight palm-sized umbrellas are a super-hit amongst the women which can be easily kept in the purse.Talking about flaunting the latest style, Komal, a student said, \"we women love umbrellas because it's multi-purpose for us. Raincoats are for children and men.\"Mohammad Hassan, a wholesaler of umbrellas and raincoats at Chowk bazar said they sell both local and imported umbrellas and raincoats. The Chinese items are mostly in demand due to their funky look and cheap range.AsA per reports from the meteorological department, the last time it rained, the average rainfall recorded in the city reached 280mm. The rainfall on Saturday has already crossed the mark of 40mm.As per reports from the meteorological department, the last time it rained, the average rainfall recorded in the city reached 280mm. The rainfall on Saturday has already crossed the mark of 40mm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14990468", "title": "Community champion endowed with well-deserved Order of Australia", "text": "To the array of accolades already accumulated over the years, Adelaide's Dr Jagan Mazumdar added another one on Australia Day. As part of this year's Australia Day Honours, he became the recipient of the Order of Australia (OA) \"for service to applied mathematics and bio-medical engineering as a researcher and educator, and to the Indian community\".\"This January 26 is a memorable day for me. To have my services recognized in such a way by my adopted country on a day when my country of origin, India, celebrates its Republic Day honouring a number of distinguished persons is a double dose of delight,\" said Dr Mazumdar.Anyone who knows Jagan will readily accept that this award is an acknowledgment of his contribution to academia and service to the Indian community.Jagan and his wife Maya could be termed 'pioneer' immigrants because when they arrived at Adelaide in 1966, there were only three Indian families here, including them. Even as Jagan was establishing himself as a valuable staff member of Adelaide University's Mathematics Department, he and Maya managed to find time to help other Indian migrants who started arriving in small numbers, with the change in Australia's migration policy. Many new arrivals in the 70s and 80s gained from the couple's support in a variety of ways.After obtaining his Masters in Science from Patna University, Jagan received a scholarship to do his PhD in Applied Mathematics at the Moscow State University. Among the attendees at a conference where he presented a paper was the head of the Mathematics Department in Adelaide University, who asked Jagan to join the University. He accepted and starting as a lecturer, he progressed to Associate Professor and finally, Adjunct Professor in Electrical and Electronic Engineering in the School of Applied Mathematics and also Emeritus Director, Centre for Biomedical Engineering.During his forty plus years at Adelaide Uni, Jagan was involved in two main areas of research - Solid Mechanics, his area of primary interest and his latter-day love of Biomedical Engineering. He was the prime mover in establishing the Biomedical Engineering laboratory. His interest in this area led him to undertake research on non-invasive study of heart valves tissue pathology. He was also involved in research on tissue engineering on articular cartilage impacting on osteoarthiritis that affects some 10 percent of Australians.Dr Mazumdar has published over 200 research papers and written two seminal books. In view of his scholarship in biomedical engineering, he was one of the few non-engineers elected to a Fellow of the Institution of Engineers. Jagan is the recipient of a number of awards in his academic fields. He has been a visiting professor at overseas universities in the US, Canada and India during his sabbaticals.During his years at the uni Dr Mazumdar had supervised the project of a number of research students and is proud to say that three or four Indians are now highly placed in defence and IT occupations.But even amidst all his academic activities, Jagan found time to be of great service to the Indian community. With only four Indian families in Adelaide in 1968, he formed the India Club. He served as President of the Indian Australian Association of SA (1974-76) and the Hindu Society (1996-98). Jagan still maintains active interest in the local Indian community. His wife Maya has held many offices at the Indian Association for several years, and in her role as the Welfare Secretary, she has helped numerous Indian migrant families sort out their early problems when settling down in a new country. Those of us who arrived in the 70s will happily endorse that she can make a legitimate claim to a part of the award presented to Jagan.Recalling their early days in Adelaide, Jagan says \"there being a few Indians we became sort of ambassadors. We did our level best to represent India giving talks on Indian culture, politics and religions. In the process we ourselves learnt so much about India. I can remember the number of talks we had to prepare to give at schools, churches etc. Our efforts also included saree parades, cooking demos and film shows.\"The Mazumdars have two sons, Raju ,an architect in Melbourne, and Sanjay, CEO of Defence System Informtion Centre in Adelaide and spend their time with their three grand children.Courtesy: http://www.indianlink.com.au", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14968994", "title": "'No ground for cops to intervene', say senior cops", "text": "LUCKNOW: Call it a lack of political will or tacit understanding of silence, even as the state government remains a mute spectator to the controversy over the alleged Talibani anti-women diktats of a panchayat in Baghpat, support continues to pour in for villagers of Asara, who challenged the UP government to keep off from the matter.Senior police officials at the DGP headquarters, speaking on the condition of anonymity, admitted that the police actually had no grounds to intervene. \"There is no written order, there is not a single person in the village who has raised his or her voice against the panchayat's decision, nor an instance where someone has been punished by the panchayat for violating its diktats. There has to be a reason for the police to intervene,\" said a senior police officer.\"The government has no authority whatsoever to intervene into the internal issues of a community. The government cannot tell us how to sit, how to eat and how to live,\" said an agitated member of the panchayat, which announced the restrictions for women under 40 years of age. \"What does Akhilesh know about how we live here. He doesn't have to live like we do, how he can understand the circumstances under which we have spelled out our orders,\" he said cautioning the government not to intervene in issues of panchayats.Resentment among the locals over a section of the media is also gaining grounds over the alleged projection of the panchayat in bad light. Asara residents say that the media has not reported all the decisions that the panchayat had taken.\"We have also banned dowry and compulsory schooling for all children irrespective of the fact that the family can afford to send them to schools or not. If a family is not financial sound enough, we have alternative arrangements for them as well,\" says a member of the Samaj Sudhar Sabha wing of the Asara village panchayat, unwilling to be identified.\"There is no blanket ban on women as such. We have only asked the parents that they should not handover a cell phone to young children and bachelors, as they are more prone to misuse it rather than making the best out of it. What is wrong in that?\" he questions, insisting that the panchayat was not even remotely thinking of reviewing the rules and regulations it has announced.A wrestler and ex-army man Muhakkum, said the villagers had never issued any diktats. \"We are a set of rural communities and our traditions are bound to be different from what is prevalent in modern society. We have not made it compulsory for the women to wear burqa among the Muslims, which form a chunk of the population in Asara and adjoining villages. More than 70% of the women in the area are educated. Girls are teaching in government colleges,\" says the ex-army man.It may be mentioned here that Muhakkum and a fellow villager Mujahid were the two panchayat members detained by the local police on Friday in connection with the decisions taken at the panchayat.The police were however virtually compelled to let them off after the local villagers took two policemen hostages and burnt their motorcycle while the two were on a patrol duty to the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14976435", "title": "Kuldip Nayar to remove 'objectionable' portions from book", "text": "JALANDHAR: Veteran journalist Kuldip Nayar has decided to remove the portions from his recently released book \" Beyond The Lines: An Autobiography\", which have offended the Sikh community.An announcement to this effect was made through a written statement issued here on Sunday evening, by Satnam Manak on behalf of Nayar. Manak is a close associate of Nayar in promoting amity between India and Pakistan and on other issues pertaining to Punjab.\"I had no intention to hurt the feelings of Sikhs. So I've decided to remove the portions on which objections have been raised and these would not be printed in the next editions of the book. Still, if some portions have hurt the feelings of some sections, I regret and apologize,\" Nayar's statement announced.Several Sikh organizations and prominent Sikhs had objected to Nayar calling Sant Jarnail Singh Bhindranwale as a creation of the Congress and his terming of Bhai Amrik Singh, who was president of All India Sikh Students Federation and killed along with Bhindranwale at the Akal Takht during Operation Bluestar, an agent of the Intelligence Bureau.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14967490", "title": "Constable dies of heart attack at Pallam Raju's house in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 57-year-old head constable on Sunday died of a heart-attack at Union minister of state for defence MM Pallam Raju's house where he been posted as a sentry. Neither the minister nor his family members were at home when the incident occurred.Bhupender Singh, an Armed Reserve police head constable from Shah Ali Banda, was serving as sentry at Pallam Raju's house on Road No 46, Jubilee Hills.The incident came to light at about 12.30pm when the minister's personal assistant, Srinivasa Raju, arrived at the house. Raju, who was accompanied by another constable, Yousufuddin, found Singh lying unconscious in the garden. His head was inside a small sump located there.Singh was immediately rushed to a nearby hospital where he was declared brought dead, Jubilee Hills inspector DV Pradeep Kumar said.Police then took the body to Osmania Hospital for a post-mortem. \"The doctors who performed the post-mortem said that Singh had died due to a cardiac arrest,\" the inspector said.At about 11.30am, an hour before he was found lying unconscious in the house, fellow constable Yousufuddin had seen Bhupender in the garden. \"Singh's family members said that he had heart problems. We suspect that Singh might have suffered a massive heart attack and collapsed on the spot,\" the inspector said.Bhupender is survived by a wife and two sons. His eldest son is a trainee constable. A case was booked under section 174 (Suspicious death) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) and the body has been handed over to the family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14971324", "title": "Golf Club employee found dead", "text": "MYSORE: A 28-year-old golf club employee allegedly committed suicide by jumping into a water tank in Mysore on Sunday.The deceased is Basavaraju, a resident of Mandakahalli. On Sunday morning, Basavaraju went to work near the tank and did not return, police said. Later his footwear was found near the tank by his colleagues who alerted the fire safety staff. His body was fished out of the waters after a thorough search.A case has been registered at Nazarabad police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14967577", "title": "Will the netas and babus make peace?", "text": "HYDERABAD: In the good old days, the collector was the fulcrum around whom the district administration revolved. The district collector was the high official responsible for implementing development plans and maintenance of law and order. On paper this is still so. But the reality has changed. The collector doles out funds for development or other goodies based on the list of beneficiaries identified by the local politician or his lackey. If he refuses the officer is harangued, pressured and shouted at. If the officer still does not oblige, he is transferred.When the officer comes to the Secretariat with this mindset -that he better follow the diktats of the politicians- he becomes more pliant. Obeying the politician becomes the dictum for him - and with some exceptions- officials become yes men losing even the courage to stand up to illegal orders. They lose sight of the fact that as civil servants they have to follow the Constitution of India not the neta of the day. \"This is MLA raj. It has broken the backbone of the civil service ,\" says IAS officer turned MLA, Jayaprakash Narayan.The politicians have their own story to tell. In the good old days when the polity was not so competitive, babus could be allowed to run the show without any hindrance. But the voters have become demanding and selfish. Constructing roads, colleges, sanitation systems and development is not good enough. They now ask politicians: what do you have for me? Are you giving free power? Are you giving free house? Are you doling out subsidized rations? Will you give free education for my children? Will you give cash?\"What do we do?\" asks a politician. \"If we leave it all to officers, we do not know who will get the benefits of government plans or will everything be stuck in bureaucratic red tape. We have to ensure that the benefits of the development plans trickle down and especially benefit those who we think will vote for us,\" the politician adds. He unabashedly concludes that this means that lackeys of politicians have to breathe down the neck of collectors and other officials so that they perform accordingly. Over the last few years the babus had reconciled to this state of affairs. Those not willing to bow down had made their peace realizing that remaining permanently sidelined was their fate. Others found their happiness in virtually becoming party workers, more zealous than the neta himself. A vast majority complied with orders thinking that this was their fate as officers. This cozy arrangement came under strain when the CBI started zealously investigating the Jagan assets case a few months ago.A few officers were arrested for committing illegal acts - all in the name of following the orders of the politician of the day - and others were subjected to questioning by the investigating agency. Other officials were issued notices by the Supreme Court. Suddenly, officials who for so long believed that they were immune, found themselves at the receiving end. They reacted in two ways: they demanded legal aid and support from the state for their perceived wrong doings and more importantly slowed the pace of work. This was not a non-cooperation movement, but only trying to be extra careful before clearing files, lest they be questioned at a latter day. But to observers this has given the impression of a government that does not work at all, where decisions are never taken.A chief executive of a top corporate told TOI recently: \"Our plans are stuck, so we went to a really senior public person asking him to help. He said even if I talk to the relevant official no decision will be taken and no file will move. This is no time to invest.\" The latest missive from the IAS Officers' Association (an organization mostly involved in hosting farewell dinners for retiring colleagues) asking minor irrigation minister T G Venkatesh to shut up and not indulge in loose talk is indicative of the new mood of the officers. \"We will not listen to politicians just because they want us to,\" is the new motto. On his part, Venkatesh went berserk at a public meeting saying that officers not complying (read with the wishes of politicians) should be shot dead. \"The government has to face the wrath of people because of inaction of IAS officers ,\" he said.Analysts say that Venkatesh lost his cool because he and other politicians have not been able to reconcile to this new bureaucratic reality. \"The governance system has totally collapsed in Andhra Pradesh and to a lesser extent at the Centre. If this system that has led to centralization is not corrected, there is little hope,\" says Jayaprakash Narayan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14989960", "title": "Players in 30s defy age and emerge as champions", "text": "They might be in their 30s, but their hunger for success is no less than that of an 18-year-old. In sports like football and tennis, 30 is considered to be an age where the 'R' word (read retirement) starts haunting many players.However, in the last few months, we have seen many players defy age and emerge as champions in their own right.Roger Federer , who became the second oldest player after Andre Agassi to win a Grand Slam, is going to turn 31 next month. Federer also ended a two-and-a-half year drought of titles for himself.Serena Williams , who won this year's Wimbledon after defeating 23-year-old Agnieszka Radwanska became the oldest women's singles player since Martina Navratilova to have won the title. Serena came off after a severe foot injury to win the coveted title.Closer home, 39-year-old Leander Paes is gearing up to make his sixth Olympics appearance. Even though he might have missed the Wimbledon mixed doubles' title by a whisker, he has left many wondering about what drives him to play tennis at this age.At an age when most tennis players have hung their boots and are busy venturing into other fields, it seems to be a challenge to play a game where even 30 is considered to be late middle age.Giving them company in the 30s club of sportspersons are the likes of footballers Xavi Hernandez , Andrea Pirlo and Gianluigi Buffon.Thirty two-year-old Hernandez was off-colour for a larger part of Euro 2012, but he chose the final of the tournament to be back in form as he created an opportunity for Jordi Alba to score a goal against Italy.On the other hand, 33-year-old Andrea Pirlo, Italy's midfielder, might have ended on the losing side, but his heroics were the main reason why Italy went on to book a place in the final.Even the old warhorse, 34-year-old Buffon, Italian goalkeeper and captain, was deft with his abilities but faltered at the final hurdle in Euro 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14972119", "title": "Sewage water flows out of Elgin Road taps", "text": "KOLKATA: A thirsty Virender Singh, with a glass in hand, walked up to the tap on Thursday to quench his thirst. But on seeing a dark, thick liquid with insects in it flow into the glass, Singh - who has his office on Elgin Road - almost threw up. his thirst openeewas taken aback when he filled a glass of water at his Elgin Road office last Thursday. It was dark, thick and had insects floating in it.He threw away the water and refilled the glass. dropped it and filled his glass again.This time, a foul smell greeted him from the glass of water, the water smelt foul and was brownish in colour. Alarmed, he enquired with his neighbours who had a similar complaint.They, too, had been forced to turn off their taps that had suddenly started spewing contaminated water. None could drink or even use it. Several residential buildings and multistoried apartments on Elgin Road and neighbouring Woodburn Park have been receiving sewage water instead of the clean, potable waterthey are used to. Though a complaint was has been lodged with the local councilor, but no steps have been taken yet.Ravi Prasad, a resident of 7A Elgin Road, said he had never seen such dirty water flowing out of a Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) tap. \"We have been using this water for decades but have never seen anything like this. \"It looks as thick as petrol and smells like excreta. It was full ofSmall particles and insects were found floating in itand smelt horrible. We couldn't even touch the water,\" said Prasad.Majority of the residents of the area have been forced to switch to bottled water since there aren't enough tubewells in the area. \"Even tubewell water is no longer safe in Kolkata. It's not easy to fetch it either.But bottled water is too expensive to be used daily. It can't be used for cooking or washing utensils,\" said Subir Mandal, a resident of 45 Elgin Road.A similar problem had occurred last year, Mandal added. \"On that occasionSewage water had been flowing out of drinking water taps then due to a fault in the underground water pipelines.It's dangerous for the water is not just contaminated, it's poisonous,\" he said. Some said that they had tried using it for washing utensils but couldn't. \"The moment it touches your hand, you get an itching sensation. Also, the water is so dirty that you don't feel like touching it at all. It has got to be the sewege water,\" said Prasad.Locals have approached councillor Sachidananda Banerjee for help. He will The latter has promised to look into the matter and take it up the matter with the mayor on Monday.Almost the entire stretch of Elgin Road has been receiving the contaminated water, residents pointed out. Apart from complaints from Woodburn Park, a substantial area in ward number 70 has also been affected, they claimed. Complaints have poured in from Woodburn Park as well. \"There must be some fault in the underground pipeline network of this area. It needs to be looked into urgently,\" said Mandal.MMIC (ground water) Tarak Singh said he hasn't received any complaint either from residents or from the councillor. \"Once I get a the complaint is received , I will look into it,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14993455", "title": "Pooja Gandhi\u2019s next \u2013 'Dandupalya 2'?", "text": "Kannada actress Pooja Gandhi is thrilled. Not only has she completed shoot for her first Malayalam film - Maad Dad, she's also got a much-needed hit back in Sandalwood.\"I have just wrapped up shoot for my first Malayalam film. Since it is a multi-starrer, we managed to finish my portions quickly. I am back in Bangalore now and with Dandupalya turning out to be a hit, we are now planning on what to do next,\" says the actress.Sources say that Pooja was to do a film called Ranganayaki shortly. But Pooja says, \"The makers of Dandupalya are keen on working on part 2 of the film. I had signed up with the same team for Ranganayaki , but since the makers are keen on a part 2 of our recent hit, we may be pushing the former by a couple of months. Both films are women-oriented and offer great scope for an actress to perform. I am quite excited about both.\" As to which of these will be completed first... only time will tell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14967665", "title": "Divided, corporations find going tough", "text": "NEW DELHI: Residents of Sidhartha Extension in south Delhi had been demanding a boundary wall for their colony for the past two years. The erstwhile MCD finally passed the project and awarded the contract early this year. But soon it was put on hold due to the municipal elections. Post-trifurcation, the contractor has refused to start work as the colony is now part of a new zone under the South Delhi Municipal Corporation. Officials say the work has to be re-tendered.\"We are back to square one. The project has to be sanctioned and tendered again. One side of the colony doesn't have a boundary wall, posing a security threat,\" said Nalin Tripathi, president of Sidhartha Extension, which has been transferred from the City zone under the North corporation to the Central zone under the South corporation. \"This entire exercise of re-tendering will delay the work as the newly formed corporations are yet to streamline their functioning,\" rued Tripathi.Sidhartha Extension is not a unique case. Routine development work across the city has been badly hit following the trifurcation. Instead of streamlining the functioning of civic agencies, trifurcation has added to the chaos. Two months down the line, the new corporations are yet to settle down due to acute shortage of staff and funds. \"All posts of senior officers have tripled, but we don't have sufficient people. We are going to send a request to the Delhi government to fill up the vacant posts,\" said P K Gupta, commissioner of the North corporation. Funds shortage has forced the three corporations to share resources.MCD had advertised in March for 19 senior officials, but the new corporations are yet to fill up the posts. According to S S Yadav, commissioner of the East corporation, \"Trifurcation has highlighted the problem of staff shortage. We have advertised the posts and will soon fill up all posts. We are currently sharing officials with two other corporations.\"While the corporations are facing difficulty in carrying out day-to-day activities, BJP and Congress, the two main parties in the corporations, have started the blame game. In close to 10 House and standing committee meetings of the three corporations, the councillors from both sides kept on blaming each other for the mess. Instead of focusing on development work, they have been busy fighting for office space in Civic Centre and demanding laptops and other equipment.Poor planning has led to most of the problems plugging the three corporations.Staff shortage Trifurcation has resulted in an increase in the number of posts at the headquarter level but nine departmental heads in one corporation are handling additional charges of two other corporations. Similarly, the number of posts in the legislative wing has also multiplied, requiring more Group D and clerical staff. But the Director Local Bodies had abolished close to 800 Group D posts.\"We don't have Group D staff. Also, there is an acute shortage of clerical staff,\" said Mahinder Nagpal, leader of the House, North corporation. With several officials handling multiple charges, sources say, most of the time is spent in attending meetings as the number of reporting heads has gone up.Citizen services affected MCD was the first government agency to start online submission of RTI. However, it has been suspended following the trifurcation. Trader associations claim that there is a massive delay in sanctioning general trade, health trade and factory licences. \"There aren't many health inspectors in the area. Some were transferred to other zones due to the trifurcation and we can't carry out inspection in all areas, slowing down issue of licences,\" said a health inspector with the South corporation.Common records The three corporations still share the records on building plans, area layouts, road restoration charges etc. The former MCD commissioner had ordered preparation of three copies of all such files, but records are yet to be transferred. \"We have opened a new record for road restoration charges, but for old records we have to consult the old register kept at Civic Centre. We have to specially go there to get the details,\" said an official of the engineering department.To balance the number of wards in each corporation, 24 wards were shifted from one zone to another, but not the records. In a few wards, even routine development work has been put on hold as records are not available. \"We routinely get complaints from local people. We have now asked the commissioner to expedite the process,\" said Yogender Chandolia, chairman, standing committee, North corporation.Development work hit The corporations can't also sanction new developmental projects due to shortage of funds. The Delhi government has recently released around Rs 600 crore to pay contractors. \"But only a small portion of the promised loan has been released. If we don't have money, how can we plan new projects?\" asked Rajesh Gahlot, chairman of standing committee, South corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14986991", "title": "Soumitra remembering Rizwanur Rahman", "text": "The candlelight vigils are gone, the protest marches have ended, but Kolkata \u2014 and its creative people \u2014 can't forget Rizwanur Rahman.Five years after the story of how a middle-class boy paid with his life for love ignited minds and hearts in the city, vocalist Soumitra Ray has written a song on Rizwan. It's a tale told through the lament of his grieving mother Kishwar Jahan.The musician has been inspired to a large extent by Aamir Khan . \"I wrote the song purely out of my emotions. A few days back, I saw Aamir taking an interview of Kishwar on his TV show, where she spoke about losing her son. While Aamir was trying his best to fight back tears, I was speechless,\" says Soumitra. The musician went through the show's recording over and over again and tried digging out more facts to make sure that his song rang true.\"I learnt that Rizwanur had left home for his khala's (aunt) place after having a biscuit and water. It was important for me to weave in those details and that took time,\" he says. The song, which is more of a dialogue between mother and son, goes like: \" Ektu paani de, ekta biscuit de/ Alvida alvida amma, amay jete de/ Jete hobe amay onekdur ami Rizwanur ami Rizwanur\". The agony of Kishwar comes through in the lines: \" Khub bhalo chhele chhilo amar/ Dekha shona korto shey amar/ Ebar osudh khawabe amay ke/ Na bole amay chole gechhe je shey\".Ask Soumitra why it took him so long to write a song on the incident that had rocked the city five years back, and he says, \"I needed to get the facts right and couldn't have based the song on just what the media reported. This interview was an eye-opener.\" And is he aware that Kabir Suman too has a similar song, \"Proti chumbone hobo Rizwan\", to his credit? \"I haven't heard the song and didn't know about it,\" he says succinctly.Soumitra, who was initially thinking of recording the song for the next Bhoomi album, has now decided to do it for his latest outfit, Robi O Nobin. \"Irene will be singing the woman's part. Since Bhoomi doesn't have a female lead voice, it wouldn't have been possible to do the song for the band ,\" he reasons. Soumitra will hit the recording studio soon and plans to release the song as a single.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14989170", "title": "SC pulls up Centre, MP govt on illegal drug trials", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday expressed concern over alleged illegal clinical trial of drugs in the country, saying its \"unfortunate\" that humans were being treated as \"guinea pigs\".A bench headed by Justice R M Lodha pulled up the Centre and the Madhya Pradesh government for not filing their response on PILs alleging large-scale illegal drug trials in the state and other parts of the country.The bench said, \"There has to be some sense of responsibilty (on the part of the government). Human beings are being treated as guinea pigs. This is unfortunate,\" the bench said granting the government and Medical Council of India eight weeks more time to file their replies.The bench was hearing two PILs filed by a group of doctors and an NGO alleging that illegal and unethical clinical trials were being done on poor persons including juveniles, tribals and dalits who were used as guinea pigs for testing of drugs and vaccines produced by multinational corporations.The petitioners had also urged the court to order formation a Committee of Experts, consisting of members of civil society especially, the All India Drug Action Network, to examine the present legal provisions concerning clinical trials both in India and abroad and to make recommendations for framing guidelines on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "14973331", "title": "Open-air school braves rain and shine", "text": "BALANGIR: Reminiscent of pathshalas and gurukuls in the days of yore in the lap of nature, children of Tikrapada village under Komna block in Nuapada district have been attending school under a tree in open air sans any infrastructure save a chair for the headmaster and a blackboard hung from the tree. An under-construction school building gawks in the vicinity, work on which had started at least four years ago.The Hatpada Pada project primary school, being run under Odisha Primary Education Programme Authority (OPEPA) lies about four km from the block headquarters and 30 km from Nuapada town. Villagers allege that OPEPA has turned a deaf ear to their pleas of completing the construction of the building several times.\"We have reminded the officials many times that the incomplete school building has landed students in great trouble. During rainy season, it becomes impossible for children to attend classes while it is raining,\"complained Harihar Sahu, a local villager.The primary school has classes from one to four. Students of all the four classes sit together and stare at the lone blackboard. There are two teachers, who share two classes each. A teacher Bhabani Shankar Hota said the school building was being constructed under Sarva Sikshya Abhiyan (SSA).\"The school building has remained roofless for the past four years. We are teachers and we have limitations. In rainy season, studies come to a complete halt. In other seasons, the student attendance is as low as five to 10,\" rued the teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14972536", "title": "Ponda sees over three suicides a month", "text": "PONDA: An increasing number of suicides in Ponda is leading to the taluka getting in the news for the wrong reasons. Strangely, there have been many cases of people from other states travelling to Ponda to end their lives.It's almost as if every month somebody goes to Ponda to end his or her life. Of the 28 suicide cases registered until July 15, nine are of non-resident Goans. Add to this some bodies found and registered as unnatural deaths, many of which, police sources say, could be suicides.Among the suicide cases was that of a couple from Andhra Pradesh and a truck cleaner from Haryana. The unmarried couple came to Goa and hiring a two-wheeler had travelled to Kundaim. The truck cleaner had come on a transport truck and hanged himself at Bethora after delivering the goods at Vasco.This trend, of people from other states committing suicide in Goa, was noticed a year back when Hubli-Karnataka resident Rajshekhar Basavraj Hiremath, 26, was found hanging at Dhavali in Ponda on June 18, 2011. Ponda police said the man had committed suicide following business losses in Bangalore, where he had invested about Rs 36 lakh in a data entry company and the deal had resulted in a loss.On the same day Prasad Khopde of Kolhapur-Maharashtra had allegedly committed suicide at Khadapabandh-Ponda. Police records suggest that it was due to failure in business.Ponda DySP Dinraj Govekar says people from other states have committed suicide in other parts of Goa as well and there was no apparent reason why these people end their lives in Goa.\"This cannot be termed a trend as those who committed suicide did so under different circumstances. It does not mean these people chose Ponda or Goa to commit suicide. Suicide is usually a sudden decision,\" Govekar said.Records reveal that a majority of the suicides in Ponda have been due to stress, financial constraints, and personal relationships, including love affairs souring, while others have been for frivolous reasons.\"The incidence of suicide is assuming alarming proportions primarily because the reasons for which people are ending their lives are now becoming frivolous. Worse, while until about two decades ago this was supposed to be the domain of the elderly, now children appear to have taken the lead in this pursuit of death,\" sociologist and St Xavier's College, Mapusa, principal Fr Walter de Sa said.He added the freedom and openness in the state could be a reason why people from other states are attracted to Goa to commit suicide. Moreover social life in Goa is better than other states and therefore some people may come to commit suicide in Goa, de Sa said.Statistics with Ponda police show that the number of suicide cases is higher this year than the average during the last three years.Records show that the preferred way of suicide is hanging with 15 of the 28 choosing this way of death. Five preferred drowning, another five set themselves ablaze and two consumed poisoned or swallowed an overdose of tablets.Ponda dramatist Shridhar Kamat Bambolkar said the failure to cope up with social challenges may be leading youth to end their lives. \"Suicide is a sudden decision and can be prevented if the person with suicidal tendencies gets assistance at right time. Decline in human values is another reason of suicides. Due to lack of human values, people take such extreme steps,\" he said.Bambolkar too said the liberal administration of the state could be why Goa is chosen as the state where to end one's life. \"Some people choose to end their lives in Goa as they know nobody would stop them from doing anything,\" Bambolkar said.INFOBOXOn an average over three persons have committed suicide in Ponda every month since 2007This works out to one person committing suicide every nine daysOver 50% of those who committed suicide were between 25 and 44 years of age-their most productive yearsSTATISTICS2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 (Until July 15)37 39 38 42 39 28", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14967252", "title": "Income Tax department bid to reach out to youths", "text": "INDORE: The Income Tax (I-T) department is making conscious efforts to shed its image of an 'inspector and tax collector' to a more friendly service provider and facilitator of tax related issues. In a bid for image makeover the 150-year-old department has initiated steps to reach out to the youth- especially the students from the prestigious schools and colleges- and interact with them as confidence building measures.Talking to TOI, said chief commissioner of Income Tax, Indore Surendra Mishra said, \"The department has in its action plan for the current fiscal, has given a mandate to the field officers to interact with the younger generation once in a quarter. The students are simultaneously encouraged to visit the income tax offices.The motive for the activity was three-fold- to motivate, inform, win confidence, guide, educate and interact with the younger generations and make them aware about tax laws and working of the department.Secondly, we are also looking towards confidence building so that they know the process and are not shy to meet the officers. Above all, the idea was to develop bright enlightened tax payers, said he.He said that department had undertaken a series of interactions with the students of the Indian Institute of Management, Indore (IMM-I), prominent business and management schools, aspiring law students and Chartered Accountants (CAs) and top schools.Referring to the details about interactions with the students, Mishra said, the I-T department has concluded that the educated youth of the present day, whether in the top schools or colleges of the country, are keen to make fast buck irrespective of the means. The desire to get rich in the shortest possible time drives them at times to take shortcuts or evade laws.The outcome of the interactions have forced the I-T department to conclude that the youngsters are ready to amass wealth by either 'hook or by crook'. Also, they won't mind to go to any extent, when it comes to making fortunes. The department has submitted its observations before central board of direct taxes (CBDT).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14969058", "title": "Leg injury ruins Jaisha's Olympic dream", "text": "LUDHIANA: It will be a long wait of four more years before the city can hope to see its star athlete O P Jaisha compete in the Olympics. An injury in her leg has grounded Jaisha's dreams of bringing home medals from the London Olympics as she has not made it to the Olympics squad.Jaisha, who had been persistently practicing for the London Olympics, returned to the city on Saturday evening from Milan in Italy where she was attending an athletics camp. She got injured at a camp in Kenya that she was participating in before going to Milan. Jaisha said her injured leg did not heal due to lack of proper treatment.Dejected at her dream being left unfulfilled after being within hand's reach, Jaisha said, \"Now I will have to wait another four years to be on the Indian squad of Olympics. I was very optimistic and enthusiastic about the London Olympics but it seems like luck was not on my side.\" The athlete, who has won many national and international medals, said she was given proper medical care in Italy and the doctors gave her many precautions that affected her practice very much. \"Because of the injury I was not able to run well and the Athletic Federation of India also advised me to take rest instead of practising hard,\" she said.Her husband and coach Gurmeet Singh was also disappointed by the turn of events. \"She used to practice hard at Guru Nanak Dev Stadium and attended various athletic camps to improve her skills. It is major injury and has become a big set back to her dreams. We are waiting for quick recovery so that she can start practising again,\" said Gurmeet, a resident of Railway quarters. However, he added that the training camps were very helpful for her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14974683", "title": "Ignou invites applications for information security course", "text": "Indira Gandhi National Open University's (Ignou) School of Vocational Education and Training (SOVET) invites applications for a one-year PG diploma and a six-month advanced certificate in information security through the distance mode.\"These programmes spread awareness about how to secure personal or professional data and prevent it from being hacked. These programmes aim to raise high professional ethics in individuals and students towards providing information security and makes one competent enough to acquire the necessary skills and techniques to ensure protection against any infiltration,\" says programme coordinator, Urshla Kant, assistant professor, SOVET, Ignou.The PG diploma in information security (PGDIS) is a one-year course with an exit option of PG certificate in information security (PGCIS) after successful completion of first semester and 32 credits. Students can complete this programme in a maximum period of three years.The areas covered in both programmes include areas such as network security, digital forensics, cyber security, cryptography (PG diploma), securing internet access, server security, IT security, etc (advanced certificate). The advanced certificate in information security (ACISE) is a sixmonth course with an exit option of certificate in information security (CISE) after successful completion of first three courses of 12 credits.\"The programme has been designed to prepare the youth to experiment and learn the skills and techniques needed for providing protection and security to the information available in the virtual environment and to make learners both responsible and smart net users,\" adds Kant.\"Students who complete either of these courses can work with IT security , anti-hacking teams, maintain huge database with ease. Those who have a background in BCA, BTech in computer science, IT and even students with BA/BSc degrees can benefit from this course,\" she says.The applicant should be a graduate in BSc computer science, BCA, BTech (computer science), BTech (IT) or Bachelor's degree in any discipline or its equivalent from a recognised university/institute with CIT/CIC/ACISE/CISE from Ignou. Candidates should have a certificate in computer science/computer application from a government-recognised institute of a minimum duration of six months. Applicants who have studied the computer course as part of the curriculum in Bachelor /PG degree or have a Bachelor's degree in any discipline or its equivalent from the recognised university /institute with one-year working experience in computer application /IT can apply.Application forms are available in the common prospectus, which can be purchased from Ignou headquarters at Maidan Garhi, New Delhi and regional centres of Ignou. The complete programme fee and a demand draft of Rs 8,000 for the first semester of PGDIS and Rs 4,000 for ACISE, attested marksheets, certificates in support of the educational qualifications can be submitted to the concerned regional centre. The last date to apply for the advanced certificate programme and the PG diploma programme is July 30 with a late fee of Rs 200 till August 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14969924", "title": "Police waiting to quiz idol smuggler", "text": "KOCHI: Between 2008 and 2011, nearly 14 idols of antique value have been stolen from various temples in the state. Now, the police are expecting clear leads into these cases with the interrogation of Subhash Kapoor \u2014 UP-born, US-based alleged antique smuggler \u2014 who has been extradited from Germany on the behest of the Tamil Nadu police.With Tamil Nadu police planning to approach the Ariyalur court seeking custody of Kapoor for detailed interrogation, Kerala police will approach them for a chance to question him in connection with the idol thefts, mainly the century-old emerald idol of Lord Siva from Sringeri Mutt in Kalady on March 28, 2009.\"Only after questioning Kapoor, will we decide on whether to register a formal case against him and bring him here,\" said a police official.Kapoor was brought to Chennai on Friday night and remanded in judicial custody by the Ariyalur court. At present, Perumbavoor DySP K Harikishnan is handling the Sringeri Mutt robbery case. He and his team will go to Chennai once the Tamil Nadu police gets his custody. \"It is certain that Kapoor's aide Sanjivi Asokan had operations in Kerala. If we are able to establish his links in the state, we will get a breakthrough,\" the official said.Kapoor reportedly shifted his focus to antique idols in Kerala after the Tamil Nadu police busted an idol theft racket there in 2009. As per the probe carried out by them, he was behind the theft of 18 antique idols from various temples in Tamil Nadu.It was from May 2008 that the temples in Kerala became a target of the racket. On May 30, 2008, gold ornaments, silver artefacts and two 'panchaloha' idols were stolen from the Sreeraman temple at Triprayar in Thrissur.On April 13, 2010, three 'panchaloha' idols went missing from Ariyal Kuruvayal Durga- Parameshwara temple at Kasaragod. Between March 11 and March 16, 2011, six idols and precious articles were stolen from Mahakali Devasthanam at Thuminadu, near Manjeshwaram and from Narasimha Swamy Temple at Aymanam in Kottayam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14972478", "title": "Curtorim gram sabha approves Rs 5cr annual plan", "text": "MARGAO: The gram sabha of the Curtorim village panchayat on Sunday approved its 5 crore annual plan layout which will be submitted to the government soon.A ward development committee was also constituted at the gram sabha and Abhijeet Prabhudesai was elected to head the panel which will be tasked with overseeing development works in the village.The issue of illegal hand carts was also discussed at the meet with villagers demanding that the panchayat initiate action against hawkers found carrying out trade without authorization.The gram sabha members also hailed the recent judgement of the Supreme Court which held that panchayats could challenge government authority decisions before the high court. They urged the panchayat to write to the directorate of panchayats to honour the apex court judgment.The issue of illegal encroachments in comunidade land also figured at the gram sabha, though no decisions were taken in that regard.All eleven members of the panchayat were present for the meeting which was chaired by sarpanch Valentina Braganza. Deputy sarpanch Santano Rodrigues also answered most of the queries raised by the gram sabha members. This being the first meet following the recent panchayat elections, discussions largely centered on development works proposed to be taken up in the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14968763", "title": "Billboards rise to stop cruelty to horses", "text": "MUMBAI: As yet another injured Victoria horse was rescued from near Gateway of India on Saturday evening, there is some good news for these elegant animals as various city billboards are now displaying their full support to stop cruelty towards horses.\"Slowly, Mumbai is waking up to the torture endured by horses who pull overloaded carriages for entertaining people. On Saturday, the Youth Police of Mumbai for Horses rescued a badly injured Victoria horse which was pulling the cart filled with five adults and three children,\" said Rachel Koyama of Mumbai for Horses.The hind leg of this horse was swollen, yet it was forced to pull the carriage with eight people, though legally only three adults and the rider are allowed on Victorias, said activist Ambika Hiranandani. Koyama has now filed a police complaint against horse owner, Viral Rawat, for overloading and cruelty, while the animal has been sent to the BSPCA animal hospital.Meanwhile, animal rights activists are elated on getting support from giant billboard companies in the city on the issue of banning Victoria carriages. A huge 60-feet long hoarding at Marine Drive (See pic), has come up, along with a photo showing a horse that has collapsed while pulling a Victoria.\"The city is speaking; we do not want this cruelty on our streets anymore and the authorities should listen. Ban the horse carriages. We have now received support from billboard companies like Kapole and Clear Channel,'' said Daneesh Davar, campaigner for Mumbai for Horses. The famous Amul ads with the iconic Amul girl illustration also made a meaningful picture showing a Victoria horse singing 'Eh dil hai mushkil jeena yahan! (Oh, it's so difficult living here)'.Veteran social worker Nana Chudasama has also put up his message prominently at Marine Drive stating: \"Horses are our friends; Let us look after them\".\"Horses in Mumbai, Thane, Kalyan, Titwala and Alibaug are used for entertainment. Once they are old, they are abandoned,'' said executive director of PAWS-Thane Nilesh Bhanage.Sarfaraz Syed of PETA India said: \"A ban on the cruel horse carriages will show that Mumbai cares about its residents, both animal and human.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14969544", "title": "Congress gave away council seat to secure win for Manikrao Thakre", "text": "MUMBAI: Chances of 'possible' cross-voting upsetting party president Manikrao Thakre's odds in the council polls are being seen as prime reasons for Congress' decision against fielding a fourth candidate.Despite the Congress currently holding four of the 11 council seats, the party has fielded only three candidates. It has nominated Thakre, Sanjay Dutt and Sharad Ranpise. Senior leader Narayan Rane had sought the fielding of his supporter as the fourth candidate, the party, after weighing the option, decided against it. With infighting in the party intensifying over the past few weeks and a section of legislators openly expressing their discontent against chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, a party office-bearer said, \"There were reports that certain disgruntled legislators could cross vote.\" A senior Congress minister said, \"Thakre's seat was seen as the one with the highest risk.\" The party also decided against relying too much on independents, following reports that many had struck a \"deal\" with another candidate.Meanwhile, the Congress's 'safe play', seems to have benefitted the Shiv Sena, whose candidates\u2014Anil Parab and Vinayak Raut\u2014are set to get elected. With this, the party's tally in the council will go up by one. There were talks in the political circles that the Sena has got Parab to withdraw a court case in connection to a council seat that is held by the CM. The Shiv Sena has extended its support to UPA's candidate Pranab Mukherjee for the presidential polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14988361", "title": "100 kisses for Vishnu and Sunaina!", "text": "These two upcoming actors have always done what is not traditional. And the latest buzz is that Vishnu and Suniana are all set to share no one or two but 100 kisses!'Neerparavai' is produced by Udhayanidhi Stalin's Red Giant Movies and stars Vishnu and Sunaina. Nandita Das is playing a cameo in this film. The film is directed by Seenuramasamy and according to him the kisses were integral to the film. Apparently, in the song Devan Magale, the two share about a 100 kisses.And the reason why? They are meeting after a long time and this is how they express their love. The director has stated that it will not be offensive. Well, looks like we may be seeing a South Indian version of Jism!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14972660", "title": "Reunited families honour cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was a role reversal of sorts. After being criticized for not doing enough to track down missing children of the city, nine policemen were felicitated on Sunday by a group of parents of missing children. These cops had been instrumental in bringing the missing kids back home.The programme was organized by a voluntary organization - Search My Child - which has been spear-heading the hunt for the missing children of the city. The programme was organized at the Ahmedabad crime branch's office in Gaekwad Haveli in the presence of joint commissioner of police A K Sharma.The nine police officials were honoured by the group amid happy parents. The cops were given certificates of appreciation by the voluntary organization. Among those honoured were police inspectors Paresh Solanki and H B Jamod, and seven police sub-inspectors. Sanjay Joshi of Search My Child said: \"Eight children are still missing from the city. They need to be tracked down quickly.\"Recently, Gujarat Police had announced the formation of a coordination committee to focus on scrutinizing missing children's complaints from various districts of Gujarat and then initiating a probe into each case.Gujarat CID (crime) authorities have also launched a website to coordinate with police headquarters across the districts of Gujarat and with neighbouring states. \"The moment a report about any missing child is lodged in any police station of Gujarat, the details along with a photo of the child will be uploaded on the website,\" said a state police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "14967418", "title": "Heavy rains lash coastal Andhra Pradesh", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Normal life was paralysed as heavy rains lashed Vijayawada, Eluru, Rajahmundry and several other coastal towns on Sunday. While Eluru recorded 14 cm rainfall, Rajahmundry received 11 cm. Vijayawada recorded 6.2 cm, the highest this season, as rain water entered several low-lying areas and inundated the households. Traffic came to a grinding halt on the national highway with hundreds of vehicles stranded as the rain water flooded the main roads.The rain that started lashing out in the late hours of Saturday continued till Sunday afternoon.Main roads in Vijayawada, including the Eluru road and low bridge area, were covered in sheets of rain water. Low-lying areas such as Kedareswarapeta, Giripuram, Polyclinic Road, some parts of Payakapuram were waterlogged. The water levels, however, receded by evening bringing respite to the people.Several colonies in Eluru and Rajahmundry were flooded with rains lashing the towns for several hours. Many areas in the coastal region witnessed heavy rains in the last 24 hours. Mangalagiri, Lam, Tadikonda, Krosure, Atchampet, Sattenapalle, Tenali in Guntur district and Addanki, Darsi, Kandukur, Cumbum in Prakasam district received good rainfall. Though the coastal areas have received intermittent rains in the last couple of days, Sunday's rain was widespread. which lasted for a long time.Agriculture officials said the current spell of rains would boost the agriculture activity in the upland areas in Krishna, Guntur and Prakasam districts where farmers are ready to sow operations for chilli, black gram, red gram and cotton.With water reserves at Nagarjunasagar inching closer to the mandatory minimum level of 510 ft, the irrigation authorities let out waters from Srisailam barrage on Sunday. Nearly 30,000 cusecs of water is being released from Srisailam to manage the water level at the Sagar dam despite releases to the Krishna delta. As per the government rules, water should not be released from Sagar if the water level is below 510 ft.The heavy rain along the downstream of Nagarjunasagar is likely to add flood waters at Prakasam barrage giving relief to the irrigation authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14972509", "title": "'1583 Cuncolim revolt should be included in syllabus'", "text": "MARGAO: Health minister Laxmikant Parsekar on Sunday supported the demand of Cuncolim residents to include the 1583 revolt against the Portuguese in Cuncolim in the school curriculum and assured to take up the matter with chief minister Manohar Parrikar .The people of Cuncolim, particularly the Cuncolim Chieftains Committee (CCC), have been demanding that teh government \"put history in right perspective\" by recognizing the 1583 revolt as the first movement against foreign rule in India.Parsekar was speaking at a function held at Cuncolim to observe the 429th anniversary of the Cuncolim revolt where 16 chieftains from the village had laid down their lives in the war against the Portuguese for swaraj (political freedom) and swadharma (freedom of religion). The programme was organized by the CCC in collaboration with the Cuncolim Municipal Council (CMC).Parsekar assured that he would take up the upgradation work of the chieftains' memorial park at Cuncolim which has been stalled for some reasons with urban development minister Francis D'Souza.Key note speaker, Subhash Velingker said that the celebration of the Golden Jubilee of Goa's Liberation would remain incomplete without recognizing the 1583 Cuncolim revolt. Cuncolim MLA, Subhash 'Rajan' Naik also spoke.Several eminent persons were honoured on the occasion for their distinguished service to society. Information commissioner Motilal Keny and former principal of Carmel College Emma Noronha were presented with the Cuncolim Bhushan awards, while retired headmaster Shankar P Dessai was honoured with Cuncolim Jyoti award. Football player Mahesh Gawli was awarded the Cuncolim Shree while medical practitioner from Cuncolim Umesh Phaldesai was presented with Cuncolim Mitra award.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "14972521", "title": "Nepal bus accident kills 36 Indian devotees", "text": "KATHMANDU: At least 36 Indians were among 40 pilgrims killed when an overcrowded bus plunged into an irrigation canal on the Gandak river in the Nepal's district of Nawalparasi bordering UP on Sunday, police said. The Indians were from Maharajgunj in UP and Dhulinipul in Bihar, according to the Indian embassy.The pilgrims were travelling to Triveni, a confluence of three rivers, for a dip during the holy month of Shravan. Among the dead are 10 women and one child, said DSP Ram Dutta Joshi.Indian authorities, including officials of the west Gandak irrigation and Seema Suraksha Bal, are involved in rescue efforts. Seventeen people have been rescued so far and are being treated in the Nawalparasi district hospital. The number of passengers on the bus is not known, Joshi said, but unconfirmed reports said there were 75 passengers on the bus when it veered off the highway, with many people riding on the roof. Agencies reported that the bus driver lost control on a road that had turned slippery because of rainfall.India has set up an information centre up at the embassy in Kathmandu and concerned officials can be contacted at 00-977-1-4412125 and 4411699 (extension 4109).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14983761", "title": "Chahal and Goyat strike gold at inter-zonals", "text": "Bronze medallist at the 2012 World Women's Boxing Championship, Kavita Chahal (+81kg) and 2010 Asian Games bronze medallist Kavita Goyat (75kg) capped off a brilliant performance as they went on to strike gold at the 4th Inter-Zonal Women's National Boxing Championship at Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh.But silver medal winner at the Asian Women boxing Championship Pinki Jangra (51kg) and reigning Junior World Boxing Champion Lalenkawali (48kg) had to settle for a silver medal after losing out in the championship round.Kavita Chahal playing for the North Zone was the lone medal winner from India at the World Championships earlier this year. She continued her good run at Inter-zonals as well, hardly breaking a sweat to successfully defend her title.Up against Neha Jadhav, representing Central Zone, the super heavy weight boxer started off slow, but quickly gathered pace to make it a two point game after the first two rounds of play (4:2). With the help of some heavy hitting body blows and combinations, the Haryana girl kept adding to her advantage, not giving Jadhav many opportunities to score.In the end she went on to win the yellow metal with a score of 11:4. \"I am happy with my performance here; it was a good tournament for me as I fought well throughout the championship. Playing and doing well in the domestic tournaments really helps one maintain a good rhythm and keep match fit and that's why it's important to keep participating in such events,\" expressed Chahal after her medal winning bout.The finals of the middle weight division and Kavita Goyat of Haryana displayed her mastery in the craft with a superlative performance against Raman Deep Kaur of the IABF 'B' team. Kaur had no answer to the offensive onslaught of Goyat; the 22 year old was relentless with her short jabs and destructive combinations and soon amassed a big lead.She eventually won the gold with a huge margin of 32 points. Silver medallist at the 6th Asian Women Championship Sonia Lather of the North Zone notched up a similar victory against Shivani Dahiya of Central Zone to win the title in the bantam weight division.In the welter weight category, 2011 Asia cup bronze medallist Neetu Chahal playing for the North Zone edged past Seema of the West Zone with consummate ease to clinch the gold.National Games gold medallist Vanlal Duati of Mizoram, standing in for the North East Zone, got the better of Pinki Jangra, in what was a fight to the finish. After the opening two minutes of play, both boxers, who adopted a cautious approach, were level with a point each. But with the beginning of the second round Duati, slowly but steadily started to build on her lead.The Mizo boxer, who was leading 4:2, warded off a strong comeback from Jangra, in the final round, to claim the fly weight gold with a 6:5 victory on points.Multiple gold medal winner at the junior nationals Lalenkawali representing the IABF 'B' team had a bad at office against North Zone boxer Mamta in the finals of the light fly weight class.Lalenkawali, who had been in great touch up till now, was completely out of sorts against the heavy hitting and superior ring movement of the Haryana girl.She was trailing throughout the bout and by the third round Mamta had opened up a huge gap (6:15). She finally lost 10:21 and had to settle for a silver medal.North Zone bagged the top honours with 7 gold medals, 1 silver and 1 bronze, a distant second was Central Zone with 2 gold medals, 1 silver and 3 bronze medals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14969852", "title": "Kerala Pradesh Congress Committee plans interface with government", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Amidst wide spread complaints that many of the government decisions are taken without consulting or discussing with the party, the coordination committee of the Kerala Pradesh Congress Committee is meeting here on Monday.The meeting is likely to take a decision on forming a core committee comprising the representatives of the party and the government to discuss crucial policy decisions before it is brought before the state cabinet. The committee is intended to bridge the gap between the party and the government.Senior Congress leader V M Sudheeran has been highly critical of several crucial decisions taken by the state cabinet without discussing them first in the party.Congress leaders are of the opinion that many the ministers from other UDF constituents also take important decisions without consulting the party. Even the Congress ministers are taking decisions without having prior discussions in the party forum. This had irked several top leaders of the party and who had registered their complaints with the chief minister. Leaders have even criticized the functioning of the chief minister since he is taking decisions unilaterally.Sudheeran, who will be attending the meeting on Monday, will demand better coordination between the party and the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14972112", "title": "Seniors welcome freshers at XISS", "text": "RANCHI: Xavier's Institute of Social Services (XISS) campus buzzed with songs, dances, fashion shows and other fun activities on the occasion of a freshers' day program.With the start of new session at XISS, introduction of freshers and seniors begin and the best way to do that is through a freshers' day programme. Riddhima, a second year student of marketing and finance department at XISS said, \"Usually the juniors are hesitant to open up and interact with seniors. Freshers' day helps them to get along with the seniors. Also, the seniors and teachers get to know the new comers.\"The program organized by the department of rural management was titled 'Boond 2012' and was based on arrival of monsoon. Ajay, a second year student said, \"The theme signifies freshness and new hope. The freshers were welcomed the same way as monsoon is welcomed, with joy and happiness.\"Aditi, a first year student, who performed on this occasion said, \"It was fun performing here. The seniors were very supportive and hopefully they liked my performance.\" The department of information technology opted for jungle as the theme. The auditorium was decked up as a jungle with dim lights and trees. Students walked the ramp wearing animal print clothes. Aanchal, a first year student said, \"The fashion show gave us a chance to introduce ourselves to seniors and the seniors know me better now.\"The programme organized by the department of finance and marketing titled event, 'roister'. Explaining the reason behind the name, Sandip, a student of the department said, \"Roister means to enjoy oneself and celebrate. Our event was all about welcoming the freshers.\"In the program, the students were seen walking the ramp, singing and dancing. The event ended late in the evening with students dancing to the beats of DJ.Fr Alex Ekka, director of XISS said, \"Students should keep organizing and participating in such programs as it helps in bringing out the creativity of students and to mingle with one another.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14972507", "title": "After poll rout, NCP now plans Goa makeover", "text": "PANAJI: The much-promised overhaul of the Goa unit of the Nationalist Congress Party will begin within 10 days with the re-constitution of the state executive committee and subsequent re-constitution of all major committees.Announcing this at a press conference on Sunday, Sandesh Kondvilkar, general secretary of the Maharashtra NCP and central observer for Goa, also unveiled a time bound plan of action for rebuilding the NCP in Goa.To start with, the Goa NCP will nominate new members and reconstitute its state executive committee within 10 days. Kondvilkar, who met members of the existing state executive committee on Saturday and prominent party workers on Sunday, said that after the NCP's debacle in the Goa assembly elections, the party is weakened and needs to be rebuilt from the grassroots level.Kondvilkar unveiled a three-pronged strategy for the rejuvenation of the Goa unit of the NCP. The first is to rebuild the party by enrolling members. The second is to undertake constructive programmes for the people like medical camps, workshops, etc. And the third is to launch agitations on various issues that concern public welfare.With an eye on the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, the NCP will also reconstitute its district committees within the next two months. The NCP is also looking at the 2017 Goa legislative assembly elections and therefore is set to reconstitute its block committees and all booth level committees.Within six months, the Goa NCP will launch a membership drive to enroll new members. According to the NCP constitution, the state executive committee will be again re-constituted, this time by holding elections, Kondvilkar said.When asked if the party would go alone in the future or would stick to its alliance with the Congress, Kondvilkar said the party will re-strengthen itself with the mindset of going independently but alliances, if any, will be finalized at a future time depending on the political situation then.Asked what was responsible for the NCP's total loss in the last assembly elections in Goa, Kondvilkar said he was not in a position to analyze the loss yet, but would hold more discussions with the grassroots level to find out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14966903", "title": "Now, naval threat to airport expansion plan", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city airport expansion plan has hit a fresh roadblock with the Indian Navy refusing to let go 6.38 acre under its possession for the project. In a clear sign of its reluctance, the force has started to construct a six-foot high compound wall to fence the land.A meeting between the district administration and airport authorities and naval authorities this month didn't have a positive outcome. Now, airport officials in Coimbatore have written to the ministry of civil aviation and ministry of defence , apprising the ministries of the issue.Speaking to TOI, district collector M Karunagaran said, \"There has been a series of meetings in the past about acquiring six acre of land that belongs to the Navy. However, they refused to accept the deal as they consider the land crucial for them at the time of emergency and for their own purposes.\"He said the district administration had spoken to all the three forces that possess land in the area and promised them alternate land. The Air Force and the Army which possess at least 95 acre in the airport vicinity have agreed to part with the land, whereas the navy has so far refused.Commanding Officer of INS Agrani Amar Singh Baghel said the land, which has been in the possession of Navy for several years, is strategically important since it is located near the air base. Several defence properties are getting encroached and orders have been issued by the headquarters to protect property owned by the force, he said. Similar issues have been sorted out in the other parts of the country and this too will be sorted out soon.Airport director K Peter Abraham said the Navy began to build the wall as per orders from their central command. \"However, we have discussed the matter with the officers concerned. We are trying to get a no objection from them to acquire the land. Meanwhile, the issue has been raised with the ministry of civil aviation and defense as well,\" he said.He added that they have obtained no objection certificates from the Air Force and the Army, while the matter has to be amicably sorted with the Navy for the expansion plan to go be on track.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "gorakhpur", "code": "14967061", "title": "Spurt in encephalitis cases before onset of the season", "text": "GORAKHPUR: A short spell of rain has provided a breeding ground for culex, the encephalitis causing mosquito, just outside a hospital ward. Water in choked drains along the passage leading to the epidemic ward too is home to mosquitoes. Add to these the poor management of hospital waste. These factors are accompanied by the sight of helpless parents who crowd the hospital corridors. Welcome to Baba Raghav Das (BRD) Medical College, Gorakhpur -- the infamous encephalitis capital of India.Once in a while, the wail of parents is heard. One of them is Sharda Devi, mourning the death of her child Vicky. The little one succumbed to encephalitis, the annual killer of children in eastern districts of Uttar Pradesh. Bina Devi too was inconsolable, as her eight-month-old daughter Anu was critical. The child was rushed from a private nursing home in Maharajganj. \"Anu could not breathe properly and her body was turning blue... she must be hungry as well,\" wept Bina Devi, the mother. She was trying to get in touch with her husband who works in Greater Noida.In the next room was four-year-old Lucky who stared at the ceiling and could barely blink his eyes. Lucky's grandmother was patting his back to help him breathe. By his side lay Khurshid who was shivering in fever. The only son in this family from Sahjanwa, Khurshid fainted due to high fever three weeks ago and is yet to regain consciousness. Even as his mother Saira keeps praying for his recovery, tears rarely stop from her worried eyes.Pre-seasonal spurt: Encephalitis normally breaks out in August-September and starts fading out by October. But for the past few years it arrives as early as January. This year, however, there has been a spurt in both the number of cases and casualties between January and June. In 2011, while 456 cases related to acute encephalitis syndrome (AES) were reported at BRD Medical College, 82 of those patients succumbed to the diseases. In the first six months this year, the college has already registered 601 cases and 125 deaths.Figures also show that Gorakhpur has been the worst-hit followed by Kushinagar, Maharajganj, Deoria and Basti. The only silver lining is that the less number of cases of Japanese encephalitis (JE). Experts at the Gorakhpur unit of National Institute of Virology give credit to the special vaccination drive against JE in 2010. Still as these children struggle for life, the hospital staff attend them with great patience. \"The season is yet to begin... Visit in August or September to see what encephalitis epidemic looks like,\" said a nurse on duty in a paediatric ward.Impending crisis? Superintendent in chief at Gorakhpur's Nehru Chikitsalaya, and professor of social and preventive medicine, Dr PN Srivastava fears the death toll could be higher this season. \"Indications are that the spate of encephalitis is going to be more lethal this time, mainly because of the scorching summer followed by a heavy monsoon,\" he told TOI.Head of paediatric department at BRD Medical College, Dr Anita Singh attributed the high death toll to the change in the disease pattern. \"A broad study of patients' case history suggests that the disease is manifesting in shorter duration this year. Then, it is affecting the heart severely and leading to a condition called cardiomyopathy (enlargement of the heart), which eventually leads to multiple organ failure,\" she said.Combat strategy: Authorities have already shown their concern over unseasonal spurt of acute encephalitis syndrome cases. Principal secretary health and family welfare Sanjay Agarwal held a meeting with all officials in Gorakhpur division recently. Talking to TOI about the meeting, Gorakhpur commissioner K Ravindra Naik said, \"We have come up with an elaborate strategy to tackle the disease this season. A task force has been constituted under the chairmanship of the district magistrates, which would track a positive case and insulate the hamlet from where the patient hails. We have also bought 800 fogging machines for vector control in the rural areas.\" He added that a network of ambulances has been put in place to transport patients from rural areas and efforts are on to remove piggeries from the city. \"At our level we have roped in gram pradhans, ASHA workers and ANMs to spread a message against the disease,\" he claimed. These measures are in addition to Rs 600 crore mega plan that the UP government has sent to the Centre for encephalitis. The plan has been cleared by the group of ministers on encephalitis control and awaits Cabinet's nod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14970248", "title": "Kukke villagers resist ban, modification of Made Snana", "text": "MANGALORE: Villagers of Kukke Subrahmanya on Sunday resisted the state government's interference and unilateral decision to ban or tweak 'Urulu Seve' or 'Made Snana' performed by devout during champa shasthi in Kukke Subrahmanya temple premises (horangana) .More than 300 villagers, who gathered in Kukke, asked the state government not to ban the ritual based on the opinions of a few.\"If the government is in a dilemma, it should form a commission with people who are for and against the practice. The commission should observe the ritual during this year's champa shasthi (December 16-18) and give its opinion,'' said the villagers.They also suggested to conduct a `astamangala prashne' to clear the air on the issue. The 'asthamangala prashne' is a detailed study to find out root causes of a problem and the remedy to it using numerology and astrology.The meeting also suggested that a scientific study should be done on the ritual as it had cured severe devotees of their skin ailments.`Made Snana' is a practice of people rolling on plantain leaves used by Brahmins for meals, under the belief that it will cure them of skin ailments.The meeting was attended by Kuntaru Ravisha Tantri, Vastu expert Krishnaprasad Muniangala, Malekudiya head Monta, the temple's former managing trustee Kinya Ravindranath Sherrty, Laxmish Gabbaladka and Melnad Chandrashekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14988425", "title": "Pakhi plays Parshuram's beloved!", "text": "In Kajal Film's Bhojpuri film 'Paramveer Parshuram' the Queen of Bhojpuri cinema, Pakhi Hegde is going to play the role of the beloved of Parshuram. The title role of Parshuram is played by the super star of Bhojpuri cinema Manoj Tiwari. His character is named 'Mridul' in the movie. Pakhi has a beautiful and enchanting role for herself in this film.S.Kumar will be directing this film. Pakhi says that the story of the film is very nice and the viewers will love to watch it.Source: bhojpuri.co", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14969952", "title": "Work on Atlantis rail overbridge to begin by October", "text": "KOCHI: The Kochi Corporation plans to begin the construction of the much-delayed Atlantis Rail Overbridge (ROB) in three months. With the state issuing orders to carry out land acquisition, the civic body expects to complete the process and begin work by early October.According to mayor Tony Chammany the state had issued the revenue B sanctions to facilitate land acquisition.\"The 4(1) notification which indicates the survey number and other details of the land, that has to be acquired, is yet to be published. Following the publication of the notification we will hold talks with land owners for acquiring land,\" he said. Corporation secretary Ajit Patel said the civic body has already given a commitment to the Centre to begin the work by October for implementing the project under JNNURM.The Roads and Bridges Corporation \u2014 Kerala (RBDC-K) will begin work, once the acquired land is handed over to the corporation. Meanwhile, the railways have written to RBDC-K asking them to produce an NOC from the corporation to close down the existing level crossing at Altantis. The request from the chief bridge engineer at southern railway has been approved by the corporation council. The ROB will ensure multiple entry and exit points to the city. With the officials planning to demolish and reconstruct South ROB, Atlantis will become an alternate point to divert traffic.On Pachalam ROB, the mayor said they have not yet taken a decision on its width. Though the width needs to be 22m, few people objected, demanding it to be restricted to 12m. This has forced the civic body to opt for realignment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14966918", "title": "Newborn baby found abandoned at Coimbatore Medical College Hospital", "text": "COIMBATORE: A new-born baby girl was found abandoned at Coimbatore Medical College Hospital on Sunday after her mother left the hospital without informing the authorities. As per the hospital records, the child was born to Selvi, daughter of Perumal Sami of Iyampalayam, near Somanur in Coimbatore.According to the police, the child was born on July 12 in a private hospital.Selvi had a premature delivery and the child was underweight. Since the baby was in critical condition and the hospital didn't have proper facility for treatment, the baby was referred to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital. Selvi was admitted to the CMCH with her baby on July 14.Since the child was much below the required weight, baby was kept in an incubator at CMCH for observation. On Sunday, the mother and her family let the hospital pretending that they are just going out for some needs, but never returned.The police are now trying to trace the mother and another woman who was present at the hospital as bystander. We are not sure that the address given at the hospital is correct or not. We are investigating the case, the police said.A senior doctor at the hospital said this was the third such incident this year in CMCH where mothers abandon their children. At least eight such cases were registered last year.In such cases after registering complaints with social welfare department and police the child will be handed over to orphanages or child care centres.It has been noticed that most of who abandon their children at hospital are from poor families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "14972353", "title": "Hazaribag receives heavy rainfall", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Man proposes God disposes. This proverb holds true for CPI state council secretary BP Mehta at least for Sunday. Just hours after Mehta demanded that the government should declare the entire state as drought-affected due to complete lack of rain till date this monsoon, there was a heavy downpour . Mehta said government should provide immediate relief to the farmers of the district which had recorded the lowest rainfall of 138.3 mm in the state in the period of June-July this year.It appears that God who felt the anxiety of the CPI leader have yielded to his demands and on Sunday afternoon the district experienced heaviest rainfall of the season.Although the farmers have welcomed the season's first and heaviest downpour, it has totally paralyzed the traffic flow on NH-33 ( Patna-Ranchi highway) as Siwane river was flooded and water started flowing over the diversion bridge near Bonga, about 8 km from the town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kitchlu nagar", "code": "14968205", "title": "Prayers in their kitty", "text": "KITCHLU NAGAR: From sharing their life to enjoying a hearty meal, this kitty party has it all and more, but with a difference. Here the menu lists loads of fun with less money involved, spending quality time together and most importantly praying for the well-being of host's family.On Saturday, about 18 women gathered at the residence of a teacher Komal Arora, for the kitty party. The party started with prayers and bhajans, followed by tambola and high tea. Komal Arora, kitty member and Saturday's host, said, \"Our kitty party concentrates less on splurging money and more on spending quality time together. On Saturday, the party started with members singing bhajans to the beats of dholki. Later, everybody prayed for prosperity and health of my family.\" She added, \"We played tambola and had homemade snacks. These included dhokla, Jaipuri sandwich, gulab jamun and rasugulla. Members later rehearsed for a play, which is a satire on corruption, to be staged soon.\"Simi Jain of Kitchlu Nagar, said \"Our kitty is special in many ways. It has less money involved, starts with the name of the almighty and concentrates more on spending time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14993929", "title": "I don\u2019t like the term \u2013 item girl: Nigaar Khan", "text": "Actress Nigaar Khan shot to fame as a vamp in the TV show - Lipstick. After showing bits and pieces of her life in the reality show Khan Sisters with her sister Gauahar Khan, Nigaar also featured in an episode of Rajeev Khandelwal's Sach Ka Saamna. Nigaar is now turning anchor for the first time as she'll be seen presenting a new show on ABP News Channel - Love Story. The show, which will feature some of the greatest love stories of B-Town celebs, will see Nigaar speak about different facts and interviews to narrate the love story.Amidst reports of indifferences with her sister Gauhar Khan , Nigaar wards them off as rumours and says, \"Where there are vessels, there will be noise. Ask her about Gauahar's latest successful role in Ishaqzaade , she says, \"I am very happy for her. But I don't like the term - item girl. It is very demeaning to call someone an item girl. A popular actor does an item song because of his/her face value. But I have nothing against item numbers. I think they work very well if they add to the script.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14970102", "title": "Hospitals not telling PMC about cases of infectious diseases", "text": "PUNE: The PMC's effort to create a reporting system for incidences of communicable diseases in the city has come a cropper with no private hospital keeping the civic body informed.Section 17 of the Bombay Nursing Home Registration (Amendment Act) 2005, makes it mandatory for all private hospitals to report cases of infectious, non-infectious, delivery and abortion cases to local authorities. But none of the 600-odd private hospitals in the city has responded to the circular issued by the PMC on June 19.Almost a month after the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) asked all hospitals to report cases of communicable as well as non-communicable diseases, not a single hospital in Pune sent their reports.As per section 17 of Bombay Nursing Home Registration (Amendment Act) 2005, it is mandatory for hospitals to report cases of infectious, non-infectious, delivery and abortion cases to local authorities.\"The aim is to collate data of diseases - infectious as well non-infectious - from all hospitals to understand areas in healthcare that need urgent attention. On the basis of this data, an integrated disease surveillance system can be initiated for appropriate medical intervention,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health, PMC.Pardeshi, however, said the PMC is not planning an action yet. \"We will approach all hospitals once again, sensitise them and motivate them to keep us informed. If they still don't comply, we will have to take an action,\" said Pardeshi.As per the circular, hospitals need to report cases of infectious diseases within 24 hours of diagnosis. The format prescribed contains columns for patient's name, age, sex, address, contact number and diagnosis.The diseases that fall in this category are malaria , filaria, diphtheria, chikungunia, dengue, hepatitis/B/C/D/E, typhoid, cholera , leptospirosis, acute flaccid paralysis (AFP) and swine flu. \"Since infectious diseases spread fast and need urgent medical intervention, we have asked hospitals to report the cases within 24 hours. Waterborne and vector-borne diseases have the potential to turn into an epidemic if it remains uncontrolled for sometime. The aim is to check diseases in the beginning and prevent transmission,\" Pardeshi said.Besides, hospitals need to report cases of non-infectious diseases like all types of malignancy ( cancer ), diabetes , hypertension, cases of cardiac disease, renal (kidney) failure, cerebral (brain) problems etc.The consolidated surveillance by public and private hospitals can curb the disease in the bud and make timely medical intervention a reality, he added.Senior gynaecologist Bharati Dhore-Patil, who is also the president of the Pune branch of Indian Medical Association (IMA) said, \"PMC officials did approach us to facilitate and streamline private hospital's reporting work. Accordingly, we published an article in the IMA's monthly magazine to sensitise doctors. We will conduct meetings of all hospitals and doctors to drive home the idea. It is an important work. We will do everything to make it happen.\"IMA's Pune branch has 3,380 members. There are 600 (small, medium and big) hospitals in Pune.What the Act says?The section 17 of the Bombay Nursing Home Registration (Amendment Act) 2005 says that the local supervising authorities may make by-laws not inconsistent with the Act or rules -* prescribing the records to be kept of the patients received into a nursing home, and in the case of maternity home, of miscarriage, abortions or stillbirths occurring in the nursing home and of the children born therein and of the children so born who are removed from the home otherwise to the custody or care of any parent, guardian or relative* requiring notification to be given of any death occurring in the nursing home* By-law made by the local supervising authority under this Act may provide that a contravention thereof shall be punishable", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14977801", "title": "Borrow the book you want for free", "text": "BANGALORE: Book lovers have another reason to rush to the popular Mahatma Gandhi Road-Brigade Road area.For all you know, you may end up finding that book that you were dying to read all these days in a small cabinet, thanks to an innovative library that opened on Sunday. And don't worry, you needn't spend a paisa. All you are expected to be is a responsible reader.The Little Free Library (LFL) located on Brigade Cross Road is perhaps the first-ever such endeavour in the country. The LFL, nothing but a small book case, will remain there for 24 hours and seven days a week.LFL is an idea that prompts bibliophiles to put up small shelved structures outside their homes where people can take books and leave some too. LFL has the potential that involves more than reading: it can lead to a conversation, friendship and a sense of book lovers' community.Stanley Ravi, LFL founder, wanted to provide a home to over 50 books lying with him, unused. \"My wife was running a nursery school which was shut down some time back. When she started the school, I handpicked imported books from makeshift stalls in Hyderabad. I picked them thinking of my daughter. But after school was shut, these books were left just like that, with nobody to use them. I came across the idea of Little Free Library on the internet and found it as apt home for my books,\" says Ravi.The library can be used by children, adults or the elderly. All that matters is sharing the joy of reading. The expectation is that those who pick one book for themselves will drop another book or two into the case. Call it a heaven for bibliophiles, the wonder cabinet flaunting 'Little Free library' is already drawing readers.\"On Day 1, we received a great response. The library has already attracted three to four readers after it was set up at 4.30pm. Although rain was a limiting factor, people picked up books. People are very inquisitive about it and they are loving the idea,\" said Arif Mistri, proprietor, LFL.However, no one had dropped a book till late in the evening. Stanley plans to visit the library every now and then to see books appearing and disappearing from LFL.\"It will be a joy in itself to see books being picked up and left back inside the cabinet. But this is not the end of it. I aspire to see at least a crore of LFLs mushrooming across India. It is a wonderful concept that should reach rural areas ,\" says Stanley.Want to own one?Give it a rustic look, make it from recycled materials , build a barn, a red British phone book library or give it a doll house structure, you can have a Little Free Library of your own at a place you desire. All you need to do is fill up an online form at littlefreelibrary.org and the wooden signboard will reach you in no time.\"I applied online and received the signboard, the licence for LFL, in matter of two weeks. Owners receive a sign that reads \"Little Free Library\" . They often have the phrase, \"Take a Book. Leave a Book\" , informed Stanley. The Little Free Library awaits you at shop number 1 and 2, Brigade Cross Raod, opposite Harry's Pub.What is Little Free LibraryLittle Free Library (LFL) believes the value of books are realized only if they are read and not hoarded. A non-profit community movement in the US and worldwide, LFL offers free books housed in small containers to members of the local community. It was founded in Hudson. The idea was conceived by Todd Bol as a tribute to his mom who was a book lover and teacher.He mounted a wooden container designed to look like a school house on a post on his lawn. Bol shared his idea with his partner Rick Brooks who found many efficient ways to spread the word, and the idea spread rapidly.Source: Wikipedia", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14967362", "title": "Power crisis: YSR Congress, TRS to hit the road", "text": "HYDERABAD: Fretting over the frequent power outages in the state, the Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) and YSR Congress have both planned statewide agitations protesting the government's failure to deal with the power crisis which has spiralled out of control.While TRS is on Monday planning to organise road blocks in all the mandals across the Telangana region, YSR Congress has called for statewide dharnas on Tuesday. Coming down heavily on CM Kiran Kumar Reddy, who also holds the energy portfolio, TRS legislator K Tarakarama Rao said that the power crisis had been aggravated by CM's lack of understanding of the situation and general mismanagement. \"It is irresponsible on the CM's part to say that he is helpless since the monsoon has failed,\" he said.TRS president K Chandrasekhar Rao said in a news release that the marathon power cuts, which seem to be the state's lot at the moment, underlined the inefficiency of the state government when it came to handling the crisis. \"The government lacks foresight to tackle the crisis,\" KCR said.He said that farmers in Telangana had been seriously affected by deficient rainfall and the power crisis was only adding to the crisis. \"Their woes are further compounded by the erratic power supply,\" the TRS chief said.He demanded that the state government immediately offset the shortfall by purchasing power to ensure uninterrupted supply to farmers and small industries.The government was also flayed for failing to convince the Centre to allocate more gas resources to the state. He said that the party would also hold a dharna at Vidyut Soudha next week.On the other hand, YSR Congress has called upon its cadre and leaders to hold dharnas in the state on Tuesday to protest against the government's apathy vis-a-vis the power crisis.Honorary party president Vijayamma is likely to take part in the protest at Vijayawada on July 17.Meanwhile, IT minister Ponnala Lakshmaiah has said that the state would request the Centre to allocate more gas to the state in order that it may tide over the crisis.The minister, who would be representing AP at the power ministers' conference in Delhi on Tuesday, said that he would meet Union power minister Sushil Kumar Shinde and impress upon him the need to allocate more power to overcome the severe shortage in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kitchlu nagar", "code": "14968898", "title": "It's a rough ride in Kitchlu Nagar", "text": "KITCHLU NAGAR: A broken road near the main market of Kitchlu Nagar is giving residents a tough time. They claim that the municipal corporation (MC) constructed all roads in the area but did not recarpet the stretch in front of the market.Homemaker Suman Sharma said, \"This road is connected with the area's main market and there are several education institutes around it so hundreds of students take this road every day. It makes no sense that the MC left this stretch undone when it constructed all other roads.\"Condemning civic officials, businessman D S Chadha said, \"They don't make any efforts for development of our area even though it is one of the posh areas of Ludhiana. Earlier, their excuse for not carrying out work was the MC election and now it's rainy season. This way or that, residents face a lot of problem. During rainy season it is risky to drive on such roads because drivers cannot judge potholes on roads.\"Officials of bridges and road department said they cannot help residents during rainy season because the road cannot be constructed but once the monsoon ends they will again recarpet roads and ensure the stretch in front of Kitchlu Nagar is also repaired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14966821", "title": "Unmukt Chand eyes final hurrah with the junior team", "text": "NEW DELHI: Be it Mohammad Kaif , Suresh Raina or Virat Kolhi, the under-19 World Cup has helped many youngsters shoot into limelight. As Unmukt Chand heads into the final preparatory camp as the skipper of the under-19 World Cup-bound team, the Delhi boy knows his big opportunity is here to repeat Kohli's feat four years ago when the latter led India to a famous title win.Kohli's career took wings after that and everyone knows he hasn't looked back since then. The junior World Cup will be staged in Australia from early next month for which the camp begins at the National Cricket Academy in Bangalore on Monday.Unmukt has been a successful captain at his level, India having won all three tournaments under him. More importantly, Unmukt has led from the front, hitting hundreds in two of the three finals, one coming as recently as two weeks ago in the Asia Cup in Kuala Lumpur .\"It feels good when you hear it from people. Obviously you get noticed after winning the World Cup. These things do lure you. But the realization that you have to do well and win the World Cup is so profound that it overcomes the thoughts of how Virat got famous. Obviously he led his team to victory and his skills on the field made him stand out,\" remarked Unmukt pointing out that his team has been doing well enough to match Kohli's team's performance.\"We have been doing well. We have won all the three tournaments we have played since September,\" he added.No surprise that praise has come for Unmukt from high quarters. Yuvraj Singh had tweeted after he scored a ton in the tied Asia Cup final: \"He's a wonderful talent! Played outstandingly well in asia u19! Should play for India one day.\"That said, the Delhi opener is well aware that this is his last shot at the junior level to eke out another noticeable performance. So, he has been in constant touch with former India opener and Delhi selector Chetan Chauhan even after the domestic season and the likes of Irfan Pathan during the IPL.\"I was throwing away starts in Ranji trophy. Chetan sir told me to learn how to craft an innings and keep scoring hundreds. Even during the IPL, Irfan kept bucking me up. For my good, I feel I can now accelerate and decelerate at will,\" Unmukt told TOI.Irfan had a message for him: \"I wish him luck and hope brings the trophy home. He is very talented. He has got a bright future.\"Unmukt is keen to end his superb and emotional run at the under-19 level on a high. \"The team has spent almost a year together and after the World Cup there won't be any under-19 cricket for me. It has given so much to us,\" he said with sadness.His experience at the senior level -- he has been a regular in the Delhi first-class team for the last two seasons and is also a part of the Delhi Daredevils -- has helped Unmukt be patient with his boys who haven't had as much experience of senior cricket.\"In the first tournament in September in Vishakhapatnam, I used to lose my cool quiet often. But then I realized that these guys haven't had so much of first-class experience. We have started knowing each other well. Now I'm cool and prefer to stay quiet.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14972704", "title": "Cops face tough task to bring back stolen idols", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu police have long and arduous tasks ahead before they locate, identify and bring back temple antiques stolen and exported from India.Remember the historic battle fought in London courts by the state police in 1983 to retrieve the Pathur Natarajar idols, when K K Rajasekaran Nair was inspector-general of police, CB-CID, which was also incharge of the idol wing. Nair, who is now retired and living in Ambalamukku in Kerala, told TOI that they had to gather all resources to prove the claim over the stolen antique and bring it back to India.\"The issue was brought to the notice of the Tamil Nadu police by the Scotland Yard, which found the metal idol kept in the reception of a private oil company, Bumper Development Corporation Limited in London. The company filed a civil suit in a London court saying that they had bought it by paying $2 lakh,\" Nair said.\"We took all the other stolen idols recovered from Pathur Sivan temple in Thanjavur and confirmed the Natarajar idol was also belonged to the same family. Hamilton, counsel of the Queen of England, visited Thanjavur and saw the temple from where the idols had been stolen,\" Nair said. Inquiries confirmed that the idol was made of the metal excavated at Tumkur in Karnataka, and that it was made in 11th century by the Chola kings, he said.Nair also recalled Justice Kennedy's remarks in his final verdict, \"Now your Lord Natarajar will be happy, as he is going to reunite with his wife Parvathi.\"Though the London court battle commenced in 1983 when M G Ramachandran was the chief minister of Tamil Nadu, the idol could be bring back to the state after completion of all formalities in 1991, when J Jayalalithaa was the chief minister,\" Nair told TOI. Similarly, another 11th century Natarajar idol was also stolen from Thiruvillakudi temple in Thanjavur. It was sold to Kimbell Art Museum in the US. The idol was retrieved and also brought back to Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14972222", "title": "Scrutiny for SSC exams to be outsourced", "text": "KOLKATA: The newly-formed West Bengal Staff Selection Commission (WBSSC) is planning to outsource the pre-examination scrutiny job to private agencies to speed up the process of recruitment. Once the agency finalizes the list of the candidates, the WBSSC will hold the recruitment tests.Now, there are over two lakh vacancies in the state government departments. So, officials are expecting that the WBSSC is expecting to have over forty lakh applications. However, it is yet to announce recruitment for any of the posts, as it is now gearing up for the recruitment process.Earlier, there were complaints against the Public Service Commission (PSC), as it took much time to finalize the recruitment process. In order to expedite the process in government jobs, the WBSSC was formed. However, PSC did not bring in any external agency. Officials said that once the WBSSC starts recruitment, the PSC will only be holding recruitment for Group A services like WBCS.The WBSSC also plans to introduce bar codes on admit cards in conformity with the biometric bar code system, so that any kind of fraud can be prevented. Moreover, the WBSSC is planning to send SMS to the applicants to confirm the receipts of applications. The commission also has plans to switch over to the online mode, as UPSC is now accepting online applications.K S Rajendra Kumar , chairman of the commission, said that WBSSC had been set up primarily mainly to hasten recruitment for the posts of the Group B and C staffers. \"But the state government is yet to make it clear for which posts the commission will conduct recruitment examinations. The state will notify the posts and the examinations that WBSSC will conduct.\"He said: \"The commission, in order to quicken the recruitment process, has decided to scrutinize applicants through private agencies. He saidAs the commission was recently formed and lacks staff, we are planning to have private agencies to sort out applications.\"WBSSC will be recruiting Group B and C personnel. Moreover, it is likely to hold departmental examinations for promotions to posts of Group B and C. The commission will be responsible mostly for combined graduate level examination and combined HS level examination for different posts.Kumar said that the private agencies will mainly be involved in finding out if the applicants have applied in the proper format. Moreover, the agency will be generating admit cards, which will have the scanned photographs of the candidates, to prevent any kind of forgery. He, however, said that they can replace the agency if they are not satisfied with it.The WBSSC will ask the private agency to scrutinize the applications to find out if the applicants are under-aged or over-aged. If the applications don't have photographs or sent unsigned, then it can cancel it. The agency will be asked to check if the applicants had submitted the proper demand draft as application fee. An official said that often the candidates send Indian Postal Order instead of DD and thus their applications are rejected. Moreover, many send incomplete application and for that the WBSSC wants proper scrutiny. Even the candidates, whose applications will be rejected, will be sent rejection letters about a month ahead of the examination, which PSC did not mention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14969305", "title": "Maharashtra turns blind eye to senior artiste scheme", "text": "MUMBAI: A fund-starved government has turned its back on nearly 12,000 senior artistes in the state. In the last three years, the government has not paid a single penny to these artistes, who are eligible for a monthly honorarium of Rs 1,400 to Rs 2,500.Recognizing the contribution in the field of art, music, folk dance and theatre, the state government runs an old artistes' scheme, where an amount is paid monthly to senior artistes. While the scheme has been in existence for some time now, artistes were inducted in the list in 2009 are yet to receive the benefits, state officials confirmed.The opposition plans to take the state government to task over this \"neglect\" during the ongoing assembly session. Sensing trouble, the state government, which has not made any budgetary allocation to honour these artistes this year too, has now raised a supplementary demand of Rs 2.58 crore towards the purpose. It has officially cited \"lack of funds\" as the reason for the delay.The argument, however, has not cut ice with opposition benches, which plan to raise the matter during discussion on the supplementary demands this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14971298", "title": "Students can get a peek into wildlife", "text": "Mysore: Mysore zoo believes in catching them young and encouraging them to do their bit to conserve wildlife and bio-diversity. What stands testimony to this is the Youth Club which is in the forefront creating awareness among students about environmental conservation. On Sunday, cricketer Rahul Dravid inaugurated the activities of the Youth Club-2012.Every year, around 60 students are exposed to the concepts and principles of environmental conservation, research and breeding of endangered species along with the opportunity to share and express their opinions with the eminent resource persons under this youth club.The zoo has enrolled 60 students aged between 12 and 18 years from different schools and colleges for the club. Classes will be held on every Sundays for about 25 weeks starting from July. The club wants to make the participants interact with the visitors and encourage good behavior at the zoo. Club members are exposed to the study of wildlife management and environment conservation. The activities of the club include film shows on wildlife, zoo vandalism, visitors' interaction, zoo patrol, animal behavior studies, presentations and assignments.\"This is a thought provoking course. We can learn many things about wildlife and maintenance of animals in the zoo,\" said Varun Koustubh, who joined the club in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14968873", "title": "An evening of soulful Sufi melodies", "text": "LUDHIANA: Sufi singer Ustaad Younus set the mood for an intoxicating evening, Nur-e-Khuda, soaked in soulful music for the residents of the city under the series, Baithak, on Saturday.Nur-e-Khuda, the title of the evening carried obvious mystical undertones inseparable from the Sufi tradition.The evening started in praise of God with a song for Mohammad Naat Shareef (song in the praise of Prophet Mohammad) followed by the famous \"Allaf Allah Chambe Di Butti\" - a kalam by Hazrat Bahu and \"Ni Mahiya Tenu Vekhan Nu\" - a kalam by Bulle Shah.As the evening matured, along with the tempo of qawwalis, the enraptured audience responded with unabashed display of emotions until everyone in the room moved to the state of fanaa (spiritual ecstasy).Ustaad Younus in his melodious voice concluded the evening with the popular number \"Damadam Mast Kalandar\" followed by the sad yet compelling number, \"Bol Mitti De Bawea\", which left the audience moved.\"Sufi music touches you deep inside and transports you into a different world altogether. All numbers were beautiful, but I specially loved the song, \"Allah Chabe Di Butti\" of Hazrat Bahu. Younus sang it very well,\" said, Nittin Khanna, businessman and resident of Urban Estate, Dugri.Organizer of the event, Sangita Kushwaha, said, \"Qawwali is a popular music form associated with Sufi music in India. It is the fusion of devotional poetry and Hindustani music, which was developed by the great Indian scholar, poet and mystic Amir Khusrow.\" She added, \"In a good qawwali, words are more important than the music. It's a highly interactive art form in which the audience is allowed to display emotions. In today's techno world, it's very important that the young are introduced to this soulful music to keep them in sync with their traditions and culture.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14994108", "title": "Rhinos emerge champions in Jaipur Premier League", "text": "JAIPUR: Man of the match Afroj Khan's hurricane knock of 42 helped Rhinos beat Lions by 48 runs and emerge champions in the inaugural Jaipur Premier League.Afroj's knock came off 16 balls and included a four and five sixes.Batting first after winning the toss, Rhinos looked in trouble at 89 for six in 16.1 over but Afroj played a blistering knock to propel them to 145/8 in 20 overs.Lions wilted under pressure and good spells by Prateek Choudhary (3/22), Mohammad Shafi (3/11) saw them folding at 97 in 17.2 overs.Afroj was declared man of the match while Naresh Gehlot emerged as Player of the Tournament. Best batsman award was grabbed by Dishant Yagnik and Deepak Chahar was adjudged best Bowler.The Rhinos were given a cash award of Rs 3 lakh while the runners up walked away with Rs 1.50 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14969127", "title": "Allegations of Pak role in 26/11 incredible: Salman Bashir", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistani high commissioner Salman Bashir on Sunday described as \"incredible\" and \"unbelievable\" allegations that any Pakistani state agency was involved in the Mumbai attacks. Talking about recent disclosures made by 26/11 handler Abu Jundal, Bashir, who took charge as high commissioner on Friday, insisted that the situation arising from Jundal's arrest be dealt with more objectivity.\"If our own army headquarters are attacked, if ISI offices are attacked, then I think it is really unbelievable, incredible to allege that Pakistani state, institutes have been involved in this,\" Bashir said in a TV interview.\"Our GHQ has been attacked, our public places have been attacked, close to 40,000 people have been killed. So terror is enemy number one in Pakistan,\" he added, without giving any direct reply to whether or not Pakistan will probe any evidence produced by India about the role of state actors.Pakistani foreign secretary Jalil Jilani had earlier this month rejected even \"any insinuation\" about involvement of state actors in the Mumbai attacks. As former foreign secretary of Pakistan, Bashir has played a crucial role in bringing ties between the two countries on track after the debacle resulting from 26/11.Bashir also said there was a \"sea change\" in ties between the two countries facilitated by the fact that there was unanimity in Pakistan at all levels - institutions, leadership and people -- that it was in the interest of Pakistan to have best of relations with India.When asked whether or not Pakistan lobbied with Saudi Arabia to ensure Jundal wasn't sent to India, Bashir said the two sides ought to have a \"degree of objectivity\" in such matters. He also suggested that what Jundal has been saying or the way it has been reported should not be given much credence.\"We have taken note of all what has been said. And my answer again is the same -- let the two sides get together to work through this and I think you can't take the word of an individual or you know, what is being said out in the public domain and give it more credence than the actual conversations that the officials track,'' Bashir said.When asked about the delay in the trial of Mumbai accused in Pakistan, Bashir drew a parallel with the Samjhauta case of 2007 saying it too was still being investigated. \"And I think we ought to look at the spirit, we ought to be fixated on the objects that we need to achieve and not get into forensics of a particular situation,'' he said.Stating that Pakistan was looking at a new way of conducting its ties with India, Bashir said he expected India to do its part since it takes \"two to tango\". He also said India had not specifically addressed Pakistan's offer for a joint probe into 26/11.Bashir said a visit by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh would go a long way in not only cementing, but also taking the relationship forward.\"I think the atmospherics have witnessed a sea change. Let me say that it was in Thimpu when both our prime ministers met and had a one hour conversation and then later they called us and briefed us. And it was Prime Minister Manmohan Singh who said that we should invest in building trust by having frequent visits, exchanges at all levels. I think that is happening and that is huge in terms of where we were,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14970218", "title": "Experts submit 10-point plan to improve PMPML", "text": "PUNE: Experts and various citizens groups have submitted a 10-point action plan to the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) for improvement of its services.The plan has been submitted just ahead of a meeting of the PMPML's board of directors on Monday to discuss various improvement measures.The citizens groups have said that PMPML's success and effectiveness necessarily depend on the number of commuters it can cater to. \"The target should be no less than 25 lakh daily bus commuters in the next two to three years. The number should increase to 50 lakh daily bus commuters in the next five to eight years,\" the groups said.The action plan suggested that the PMPML should recruit adequate number of drivers, conductors and workshop employees so that no bus remains off the roads for any reason. The groups pointed out that at present, almost 610 of the total 1,777 buses remain off the roads.The groups said that the PMPML is the only public bus service available to 60 lakh citizens of Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. \"However, commuters face severe hardships due to the poor, unreliable, unsafe and inefficient bus service, which is also among the costliest.\"PMPML services can be improved if the board of directors takes determined, committed, public-oriented and commuter-friendly decisions, the plan suggested. \"The public transport company should have a full-time chairman and managing director as well as three full-time expert directors on transport, finance and human resources.\"The groups said that the PMPML should be able to provide assured bus frequency ranging from five to 20 minutes on various routes in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad.The PMPML management should take necessary steps to ensure that the company has all infrastructures such as depots and bus-shelters in place in a time-bound manner, the plan suggested.The public transport company should rework the plan for getting revenue through advertisements and the board should make planned and concerted efforts to seek financial support from Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal corporations as well as the state government.The groups have also suggested that the PMPML should not hike the fares. Instead, it should focus on making bus travel cheap and, ultimately, free. There should be a vibrant system of regular commuter participation for good governance of PMPML bus services.The action plan has been suggested by various groups including the PMP Pravasi Manch, Lokayat, Parisar, IAC Pune Bus Pravasi group and India Against Corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14968962", "title": "Lillete Dubey and her cast hold Ludhiana in a spell", "text": "LUDHIANA: A great script, illustrious star cast and their absorbing performance cast the perfect spell on city residents as they indulged their cultural side at the staging of \"August: Osage County\" on Saturday night.Written by Tracy Letts and re-written by Lillete Dubey, the Pulitzer award-winning play was staged at Guru Nanak Bhawan and saw popular silver screen faces Meeta Vashisht, Kitu Gidwani, Sandhya Mridul, Denzil Smith, Suchitra Pillai, Amar Talwar, Danny Sura and Maneesh Verma holding the audience's attention.Residents hung around in clusters after the play discussing its dark humour and the nuances of the actor's performance. New Model Town-resident Manpreet Singh said, \"We were really looking forward to the play and seeing actors like Kitu Gidwani and Meeta Vasisht on stage and they lived up to the expectation. It was a great performance. The play is also very well written and absorbing.\"Kanchan Sharma, a resident of South City, said, \"I loved the play and its humour. I also liked the way all the actors justified their presence on stage. It is good that such plays are being staged in Ludhiana and we are ushering in a much-required theatre culture.\" A fan of Kitu Gidwani, Kanchan added that one of the best things about the play was to watch Kitu in action. \"I saw her in an aunt's role for the first time but she looked gorgeous.\"Businessman Ravinder Bawa of Gurdev Nagar also gave the play his thumbs up. \"I really enjoyed seeing prominent TV stars performing on stage here. I wish there are more such plays in Ludhiana,\" he said.Before staging the play, Lillete said the play is a dark comedy revolving around a family that is trying to come to terms with things after its patriarch goes missing. She said it cannot be termed as an adaptation as she has merely changed the family's location. \"Getting a cast of 11 top actors was not an easy job but I am happy I succeeded in doing so,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14969721", "title": "Labour 'trade'a concern for Thiruvananthapuram police", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Labour markets, the system set up by contractors to pick migrant labourers for various jobs, are creating headache to the police department who are in the process of preparing a database of migrant labourers in the city.Every day just before day break migrant labourers in the city assemble at different points and contractors come there and pick and choose from the group, who they think are fit for their job. \"We assemble here every morning and contractors come and pick us,\" said Malur Sheikh, a migrant labourer hailing from West Bengal. He said this was more profitable than working under the same contractor who would gradually reduce the wages.Such labour markets are a regular sight at many junctions in the city, like Ulloor, Sreekaryam, Kulathoor and Mannanthala where construction activities are progressing.The whole setup would remind one of the slave markets of medieval period. The only difference was it was labourers, instead of slaves, who were on sale, though only for a day.Meanwhile, these labour markets are a major impediment to the city police's move to prepare a database of the migrant labourers. \"The labourers who find work through labour markets do not belong to any labour camp. Also, they don't have a fixed residence or a working place. They are floating in nature. It is easy for the perpetrators coming from other states to capitalize on these floating nature for their vested interests,\" said Peroorkada circle inspector V Jayachandran.Meanwhile, Medical College circle inspector A Pramod Kumar said that the hurdles posed by the activity of labour markets could be overcome by effective patrolling. \"The activity has come under our notice. It is a matter of concern right now. But it will not be for long. If the beat patrolling officers check the neighbourhood and visit the construction sites regularly, the problems can be solved,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14968539", "title": "Modi bats for GST implementation", "text": "PATNA: Deputy chief minister and chairman of the Empowered Committee of state finance ministers on Goods and Services Tax (GST) Sushil Kumar Modi on Sunday said states should not be frightened of implementing the GST, as the proposed new tax regime would bring lots of benefits, including reduction in number of indirect taxes and minimization of tax incidence. The GST would also put a check on the \"cascading effects\" of tax on tax, besides simplifying the taxation mechanism.Addressing a national seminar on 'GST-Key Issues and Challenges' as the chief guest, Modi said the concern raised by many states about their 'fiscal autonomy' was not a big issue and could be resolved. \"When 27 nations of European Union (EU), who have separate constitutions, can come under one Euro currency and common tax regime, why 28 states of India that have one constitution, can't come under one restructured taxation system?\" Modi said, wondering why Bharat can't become a national market.The daylong seminar was jointly organized by the Eastern India Regional Council and Patna Chapter of the Institute of Cost Accountants of India (ICAI).Replying to a query by a panel speaker when the GST would be implemented, Modi said he could not give any deadline. In his almost hourlong address, Modi spoke in detail about the status of the related constitution amendment Bill, reason behind delay in its passage in the Parliament, role of the Centre and role of the Empowered Committee headed by him and the concerns raised by the states.He said the implementation of GST was delayed not because of the Empowered Committee and the states, but because of the Centre which had to pass a constitution amendment Bill in both houses of the Parliament. The related Bill was presently with the Standing Committee of finance ministry headed by Yashwant Sinha.\"Even if the Standing Committee returns the Bill to the Parliament by mid-August and it is passed by both houses of the Parliament in the coming monsoon session, it would take another 8 to 10 months to implement because the constitution amendment Bill will have to be ratified by at least 50% of the state assemblies,\" Modi pointed out. He also said, as the Union government presently didn't enjoy two-third majority in Parliament, it would have to garner support of other parties to get the Bill passed.Modi also said the states' demand for central sales tax (CST) compensation was genuine and the Centre should look into it to win the trust of state governments before going for implementation of the GST.He said the Empowered Committee of state finance ministers on Friday last asked the Centre to take a decision in favour of releasing CST compensation to states. Not doing so would impact rollout of the GST, he said.The ICAI national president, M Gopalakrishnan, in his speech, lauded Modi for playing a vital role in ensuring tremendous economic growth and inclusive development in Bihar and said he hoped the nation would get a simplified GST from a leader like him.Justice Shiva Kirti Singh of the Patna high court, chief secretary Navin Kumar, ICAI national vice-president Rakesh Singh , its past president B M Sharma, its east regional council chairman Saswata Dasgupta and Patna chapter president Amar Nath Singh also expressed their views on the GST at the seminar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14969355", "title": "Over 50 tribals assaulted at prayer meet", "text": "MUMBAI: A prayer meeting held at the house of a tribal Christian, Madhukar Salve, in Thavalpada village of Mokhada taluka was allegedly disrupted by a mob on Sunday.Around 11am, over 50 Christian tribals from Thavalpada and neighbouring villages were singing devotional songs at Salve's house when the mob assaulted them. Salve has been holding prayer session every Sunday for the past two years. No arrests have been made yet.Additional superintendent of police, Thane Rural, Sangramsinh Nishandar confirmed the incident. Indian Christian Voice president Abraham Mathai said cases of assault on tribal Christians had become frequent. He demanded police protection for the tribals during prayer meetings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14968374", "title": "Six-month course work mandatory for PhD", "text": "PATNA: With a view to raising its academic standard and being in line with other reputed institutions of higher education in the country, Patna University (PU) has introduced two new systems from the current academic session. On the one hand, it has introduced semester system at the postgraduation level, on the other, the university has made six-month course work mandatory for pursuing PhD programme under its revised guidelines.Making these announcements, PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh said all the postgraduation courses have been revised as per semester system and revised admission ordinance and regulations are likely to be approved by the chancellor soon. Now, a student enrolled in a postgraduation course will be required to clear four semesters of six months each.Decks have also been cleared for introducing revised guidelines based on the UGC PhD regulations, 2009, for pursuing PhD in the university. The draft regulations for a PhD degree from PU have already been sent to the chancellor for his approval. The new regulations would come into force as soon as it gets the chancellor's nod, the VC said.The revised regulations provide that after having been admitted to the PhD programme, each student shall be required to undertake pre-PhD course work for a minimum of one semester (six months). The course work shall be treated as pre-PhD preparation and must include a course on research methodology, which may include experimental methods, quantitative and statistical methods and computer applications. The minimum qualifying requirement for allowing a student to proceed further shall be decided by the departmental council by conducting a seminar.The proposed regulations further provide that admission for PhD programme shall be advertised in leading newspapers and uploaded on the university website. Admission would be through an entrance test to be conducted by the university. After qualifying the entrance test, candidates shall be required to face an interview to be conducted by the departmental council to explain their interest in research.However, candidates who have qualified the NET examination conducted by the UGC, CSIR, CSSIR, ICHR or GATE or those who have already done MPhil have been exempted from taking the entrance test. Teachers of other universities, non-teaching staff of the same university and persons in regular job in government or reputed organizations with at least five years of service have also been exempted from the test provided they have at least two research articles published in reputed referred journals.Prior to the submission of the final thesis, the candidate shall have to publish at least one research paper in a standard referred journal and to make a pre-PhD presentation at the seminar in the department concerned along with a draft of the thesis. After the successful completion of the evaluation process and announcement of the PhD award, the university shall submit a soft copy of the thesis to the UGC within a month for hosting the same on INFLIBNET, making it accessible to all the institutions and universities.PU science faculty dean, U K Sinha, said the new guidelines, when implemented, would certainly raise the quality of research work and help end duplication of work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14974387", "title": "16 hours on, leopard in film school leaves for forest", "text": "MUMBAI: Around 16 hours after a leopard was spotted inside Whistling Woods on Saturday, the animal finally came out of its hiding and left for the forest at 1.15am on Sunday. Though a team from the Sanjay Gandhi National Park lay in wait to capture the leopard, but the personnel did not have to ensnare or tranquilize the animal as it came out of its hiding and slunk out of the compound.Around 9am on Saturday, a guard of the film academy of director Subhash Ghai spotted the leopard hiding behind an air-conditioner unit of an auditorium. He alerted the academy authorities and soon after, a rescue team from the SGNP reached the spot. But no amount of cracker bursting or baiting could drive the leopard out of its hideout as it was too scared to do so, an official said. \"With more and more people dropping by to see it and the media pouring in, the animal withdrew into the cranny. It even refused to be lured out by a dog, which we used as a bait. After dark, the crowd departed and later, we also pulled out our rescue team, leaving behind four to five men to keep an eye on the leopard. When it became quiet late at night, the leopard came out of its hiding and returned to SGNP,\" said G T Chavan, deputy conservator of forests (Thane). \"The place was barely 50 meters from the national park boundary.\"Officials attribute the recent rise in leopards straying fr-om forest areas into human territories to the overlapping boundaries of the two zones. New residences were coming up in many parts of Aarey forests. According to SGNP officials, it may be a picturesque location, but it is nestled in the middle of the jungle, making it accessible to leopards in search of easy prey. \"As the green thickets have been cleared, it is easier for leopards to spot their preys. The area has human population, dogs and hens. Carcasses of buffaloes are also easy to come by,\" a forest official said.\"To ensure that no untoward incident occurs, forest officials constantly patrol the area. Pamphlets have also been distributed among the residents to spread awareness on what steps they should take if they spot a leopard.\" According to Chavan, though the wild cats do stray into human habitation , more often than not, they get scared and go into hiding. \"We have advised people not to tease the animals by bursting crackers or blowing horns. They should alert a rescue team and the area should be cleared of people so that the animal can retreat back to its habitat,\" Chavan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14969064", "title": "Head constable 'shoots self', reasons not ascertained", "text": "GURGAON: A head constable deployed in providing security to a Delhi police officer reportedly committed suicide at the latter's bungalow in Sector 23 in Palam Vihar. The constable apparently shot himself with his service pistol on Sunday morning.The deceased has been identified as Virender Singh (45), a native of Wazirabad village in Gurgaon. He was responsible for the security of additional DCP (south west Delhi) and was posted at Dawrka.On Sunday, Singh had reported for duty around 8.30 am. After around one hour, the driver of the senior police officer heard a gun shot inside the room meant for the security personnel. He rushed to the spot and saw the cop lying in a pool of blood with a wound on the right side of his chest. The driver informed others and Singh was rushed to the nearest hospital, where he was declared dead.Investigating police officer said that initial probe pointed at suicide though the cause could not be ascertained till late Sunday night. Singh was alone in the room when the incident took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14969306", "title": "2 Panjab University employees, 6 others held for gambling on campus", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two weeks after the arrest of two Panjab University (PU) employees for obtaining jobs on fake documents, two more varsity employees were held, along with six others, for gambling on the campus on Sunday.The PU employees have been identified as Joginder Singh and Jeevan Kumar. Jeevan's elder son, Rohit, was also arrested from the spot. The police also recovered Rs 82,000 from their possession. Others arrested include Shankar Walia, Vikas, Mahesh, Mohit and Avtar Singh. All of them were nabbed from a park near swimming pool, adjoining hostel number 6. Police sources said preliminary probe revealed that outsiders were invited by the PU employees for gambling and the latter had assured that they would not be caught. Earlier, they used to gamble in sectors 24 and 15, among others. Sub-inspector Satnam Singh said they were arrested red-handed following a tip-off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14968890", "title": "How FDA got state minister talking", "text": "When food and drug administration minister Manohar Naik announced a ban on gutka and paan masala, all legislators and even the entire cabinet praised him. In fact, the lower house witnessed the thumping of desks and thunderous applause. A low-profile Naik, whose uncle V P Naik was chief minister of Maharashtra for the longest period of more than a decade, was stunned by the overwhelming response.But the suspense was short-lived when a senior cabinet minister disclosed that they thumped the desks as it was Naik's maiden speech in the legislative assembly. Naik has been in politics for well over four decades and a cabinet member for over 10 years, but he has maintained a very low profile and preferred to stay away from active politics and political gossip.As a cabinet member, Naik preferred to operate from home and very rarely called food and drug administration officials for discussions or briefings. Nearly three months ago, Naik suddenly swung into action when FDA commissioner Mahesh Zagde brought to his notice that in view of the new law on food standards and safety, it was well within the state government's powers to ban gutka and paan masala for a year, and that the period could be extended later Naik had then sought details on the legal provisions and mooted the proposal before the cabinet.When Naik made the announcement in the house and later before the media, he was well-prepared on the legal aspects of the issue and as well as on the previous decision, which was set aside by the Supreme Court.Big-wigs skip grand eventThe government-run JJ hospital and Grant Medical College organized a novel event to mark 25 years of interventional cardiology. Cardiology professor Anil Kumar presented before the audience two patients who had undergone angioplasty in June 1987. While one was 17 days old, the other was an 18-year-old girl.Then, angioplasty was risky, since it was in the development stage, and procedures were performed only in big hospitals with adequate infrastructure. Even the world over, the procedure was performed with great hesitation in view of the risk factor.Since it was a rare achievement, it was decided to celebrate the event with past students of the department of cardiology. Besides GMC dean T P Lahane, cardiologist B K Goyal and Lekha Pathak, both past teachers of the GMC, shared their experiences on the growth of cardiology and new techniques in tackling heart ailments. Goyal and Pathak were responsible for the massive expansion of the department of cardiology. During their tenures GMC procured a state-of-the-art cath laboratory. But no one from the department of medical education or directorate of medical education attended the event. Medical education minister Vijaykumar Gavit, a physician-turn ed- politician, minister of state for medical education D P Sawant, medical education secretary I S Chahal and medical education director P S Shringare and local legislator Madhu Chavan, were conspicuous by their absence.A senior cardiologist professor said they missed the \"grand event\".Taking us for a rideOver 150 swanky government vehicles are at the disposal of Mantralaya officials even though they are not eligible for them. Only officials posted at Mantralaya who are of the rank of secretary and above are eligible for government vehicles.But some officials of the rank of under-secretary, deputy secretary and joint secretary are using government vehicles in blatant violation of rules. Of course, these vehicles are not owned by the state government but nearly 55 state-run undertakings. A top bureaucrat said the officials have adopted a novel modus operandi. They never secure a vehicle from the Mantralaya pool, but ask state undertakings under their control to provide vehicles.Each undertaking has at least three vehicles for officials of their departments. Misuse of vehicles for state-run undertakings or boards is not new. Some bureaucrats on leave for one to two years have retained vehicles. A few years ago, seven government vehicles were at the disposal of a top bureaucrat. His family had another vehicle.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and chief secretary Jayantkumar Banthia must stop this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14968931", "title": "Trader's sons bumped off? Police want a murder probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fifteen months after a fire at a south Delhi godown had killed two sons of a trader, the forensic report of the incident has prompted the crime branch to recommend registration of a murder case.The fire brigade and police initially claimed that the blaze at the godown in Kapashera on April 15 last year was a result of a short circuit and a case of accidental death was registered but Satpal, the victim's 50-year-old father, has always insisted that it was an act of sabotage and accused his business rivals of murdering his two sons after setting the place on fire.Satpal faced several threats but refused to buckle under pressure - even sitting for a relay hunger strike outside the Kapashera police station for 42 days. He was also kidnapped and taken to Muzzafarnagar in UP but he managed to flee.According to crime branch officers, the recommendations to change the sections in FIR was made primarily based on two scientific evidences.\"We had sent the pieces recovered from the fire spot for forensic examination. The report sent by the forensic lab states that they have found traces of kerosene in them. Secondly, we found through our experts that the wires that were found burnt inside the godown had burnt only after the fire spread. The fire did not start due to the wires burning down in the first place thus ruling out short circuit.\"We are yet to arrest perpetrators of the crime though a few local businessmen who had enmity with Satpal are being probed,'' said an investigating officer.For Satpal though, the wait will only end with the arrest of the accused. \"I lost my two sons on that night in the fire. I believe there is still hope for justice in this country. However, even after the police have asked for a murder case to be registered, there have been no probe that can track down the murderers,'' he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14987857", "title": "Indian and Chinese youth to explore new areas of business partnership", "text": "AMRITSAR: Indian and Chinese youth groups held a meeting to explore areas of mutual interest and open new avenues of growth and development, informed National Vice Chairman, Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan, ministry of youth affairs &amp; sports, Amardeep Singh Cheema while talking to TOI on Monday.Cheema is in China leading a 102 member delegation from all across the country to meet youth department of government of China and All China Youth Federation Vice President Lu Yong Zheng in Beijing .The core group of delegation attended meeting at the Institute of International Studies and held bilateral talks with youth organizations of China said he. Cheema informed that the delegation level visit was the outcome of Prime Minister level discussions between two countries for strategic people to people contact particularly youth from all section of Society.Among others who attended the meeting included Secretary Youth Affairs, India , Deputy Chief of Indian Embassy in China , Rahul Chabbra, Ist, 2nd and 3rd secretaries Vinayak Chouhan, Chitragana Singh and Aniket Mandavgane respectively.He said the meeting was a new initiative in view of the fast changing international scenario where two close neighbours were exploring new avenues on mutual cooperation for future business and becoming largest trade block in the world.\"Chinese side has shown keen interest in many areas for strategic partnership apart from skill development,Information technology , technical education and Human resources development and agriculture,\" said Cheema while expressing hope that in near future the meeting would yield rich dividends in near future by improving trade relations and developing mutual understanding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14969170", "title": "Watch out for criminals posing as cops, house-hunters", "text": "PANCHKULA: The criminals in the city are getting creative with their methods to strike at city residents. The latest of their ways to dupe people is to approach them posing as a government official or someone seeking information before they strike.The recent strikes by 'fake' cops, prospective tenants or postman in Panchkula is as a wake up call for city residents to be aware of the criminals in the garb.\"It is difficult to trust any one now. I have stopped responding to strangers when they ask me directions. Even a genuine person will suffer due to such crimes,\" says Nakul Sood, a resident of Sector 12, Panchkula.Vishesh Singh, a resident of Sector 14, Panchkula says he did not answer a person when he stopped his car next to him and asked directions for Sector 7, Panchkula. \"Activities reported about criminals' strike in garb of information seekers came to my mind and walked away. That person might have thought I am mad or something, but it is better not to take a risk,\" he adds.The residents say these incidents reflect the poor condition of law and order in the city. \"The way the lady was robbed by 'prospective tenants' and ACP Dheeraj Setia's irreponsible statement on the incident is disappointing. It shows the careless attitude of police,\" says Deeksha Gaur of Sector 6, Panchkula. In two different incidents on Saturday, miscreants dressed up as cops and posed as 'prospective tenants' to commit crimes. The city had so far witnessed a trend of criminals approaching their target in the garb of good Samaritans, but they have taken to donning a different guise for every strike now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "gurap (hooghly)", "code": "14971697", "title": "State lodges FIR against Gurap home", "text": "GURAP (HOOGHLY): The mysterious death of 32-year-old Guriya at Khajurdaha's horror home has brought more skeletons tumbling out of the closet. A day after disabilities commissioner Mita Bandyopadhyay revealed that she had found discrepancies in the way the home was run, the social welfare department on Sunday lodged a complaint at Gurap police station stating that four more inmates had died in the recent months and were probably buried by the river Damodar in Burdwan's Jamalpur.With more places being added to the area of investigation, the government has decided to hand over the case to CID. On Sunday, CID officer Sharbani Bhattacharya also visited Gurap.At least four inmates of Khajurdaha's horror home in Hooghly died mysterious deaths in last few months. In a significant twist to the tale of burying Guriya, 32-year-old inmate in the home premises after her mysterious death on July 1, the social welfare department of West Bengal government on Sunday lodged a complaint with Gurap police station that four inmates died in recent months and were probably buried on the bank of Damodar in Jamalpur in Burdwan.\"We have initiated a probe after receiving the complaint. We are checking out all the required documents of the home,\" said additional SP (headquarters) of Hooghly, Tathagata Bose.Earlier, the residents of Jamalpur had alleged that many bodies of the inmates of Dulal Smriti Sansad were buried by the river.On May 7, some of them had also caught the home staff trying to bury the body of a 43-year-old inmate, Jharna Samanta, following which Burdwan police had intervened. The body was also sent for autopsy but was handed back to the home authority when the report failed to indicate any foul play. Inmates of the home, however, alleged that Samanta was killed.In fact, Jamalpur locals accosted the home staff on May 7, while they were trying to bury the body of 43-year-old inmates of the home Jharna Samanta. The Burdwan police intervened and send the body for post-mortem. After post-mortem report failed to indicate any foul-play with the death of Samanta, her body was handed to the home authority. However, inmates of the home alleged that Samanta was also killed so there was an attempt to just vanish her body.Burdwan district magistrate Onkar Singh Meena said, \"I have asked police to conduct a thorough investigation into the allegation. If necessary, police will dig up the entire area. Since there has not been much rain here, evidence should be intact.\"Locals said that the Damodar at Jamalpur is quite close to the Khajurdaha home in Hooghly. In fact, Gurap is just on the border of Hooghly and Budwan. The place is desolate and ideal for dumping bodies.\"Khajurdaha home authority chose the place after much thinking,\" said a Jamalpur resident.On Sunday, Hooghly district police detained the medical officer of Bankura Sonamukhi Municipality, Kanchan Mandal. Guriya's death certificate, submitted to police by the home's secretary, Uday Chand Singh on July 3, bore Mandal's signature.Mandal told police that he had gone to the home previously on a number of occasions for health check-ups or for issuing death certificates. Earlier, he had also issued a death certificate to another inmate. But the doctor denied issuing Guriya's death certificate and said that his signature was forged.Police are, however, not convinced with Mandal's version. \"There will be further rounds of investigation,\" said an official.Meanhile, Hooghly district police on Sunday detained the medical officer of Bankura Sonamukhi Municipality Dr Kanchan Mandal. The death cerificate of Guriya, which was submitted to Gurap police station by the secretary of home Uday Chand Singh on July 3, two days after her death, bore the signature of Dr Mandal. However, Dr Mandal on Sunday denied completely that he had issued any death certificate at the home in recent time. After he was shown the death certificate, Mandal said that it was completely forged.Mandal said that he had gone to the home on number of occasions either for health check-up or for issuing death certificate. Earlier, he issued death certificate to another inmate. The death certificate for Guriya might have been forged from that. However, police are yet to believe fully Dr Mandal. There will be further rouunds of interrogation, said an investigator.The interrogation of the doctor has left the investigators to put the scanner intensely on the secretary of the home Uday Chand Singh and his associates.With every passing day, new places are being added in the area of investigation into the death of Guriya. After Hooghly and Bankura, Burdwan's Jamalpur has also been included. So the state government has also decided to hand over the case to CID. On Sunday a CID team reached Gurap and interrogated the accused Sharbani Bhattacharya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14992290", "title": "'Mahaepisode' magic appears to fizzle", "text": "Two years ago, one hour special episodes of daily soaps had a novelty about them. They were introduced to counter the bigger eyeballs that a Hindi blockbuster could whip up on weekends. What started off as a means to keep viewers glued to general entertainment channels even on weekends, instead of flipping for a movie or a music channel is on the verge of backfiring on the channels.The special episodes of these soaps were supposed to be high on drama content, were meant to introduce new twists and turns in the otherwise predictable fare and make the viewer ask for more. Shows which ended on a Friday peak point didn't necessarily have to keep the viewer wait for a Monday to figure out the storyline. A Saturday/Sunday special episode, called Mahaepisode in TV parlance could take care of it.In terms of TRPs, Mahaepisodes were able to garner big numbers (reaching the 5/6 TVR (television viewer rating) mark which is considered very good even in weekday viewing) and for once the GECs were TRP-happy to have hit on a winning formula. But like most good things this party was shortlived too. In their haste to spin a Mahaepisode , production houses often were forced to come up with a special episode that turned out to be normal fare without any dramatic twists, which viewers had come to expect of these shows.Sample this: In week 24, that is (June 10-17) Sajda Tere Pyaar Ka aired a special episode and could manage 0.7 TVR, which reportedly was the final nail in the show's coffin and sent the thriller off air within weeks! The recent Mahaepisode of Hitler Didi barely managed a 1.8 TVR on a weekend special episode (aired two weeks ago) that was supposed to be the high point of the show that week. Uttaran , once the channel driver, fumbled with a 1.6 TVR on its last Sunday Mahaepisode , and Chhal Sheh Aur Maat got a 0.9 TVR on a Sunday special!The audience is no longer willing to be taken for granted and has more entertainment options during weekends. Including movie bouquet from channels. Catching up on a 45 minute (total airtime of the soap, sans the commercials) special episode which offered nothing significantly dramatic isn't such an incentive anymore. Probably figuring this out, channels are no longer adding the Mahaepisode TVRs to the TVRs of the show to determine viewership numbers. But a low on drama and randomly done special episode can wreck irreparable damage to a fiction show. With channels in no mood to wait and watch for TVR/TRPs to pick up, poor figures even on weekends for a show might just seal its fate. Sajda has already been pulled off air, Hitler Didi has been shifted to a different timeband, and the producer of Chhal has been given a gentle warning to work on the content as the show goes on scanner.Fiction fatigue seems to be setting in and it's about time Mahaepisodes were aired only when they can deliver some Maha Surprises or Maha dhamakas as their promos promise to. No one wants Maha fizzlers on a weekend that can be devoted to more viewing options!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "14968108", "title": "Over 38 newborns died in Jaisalmer", "text": "Jaisalmer: Indicating a rise in female infanticide in Jaisalmer -- where villages had acquired notoriety for killing the girl child -- 38 newborns were found dead in the past three months. While sources say most of the newborns were girls and seven infants died from July 1 to 15 alone, the number could be more as many births go unreported. Most of these children were born in houses where midwives helped in delivery.A week ago, the leg of a newborn was found on Pokhran Sakadiya road, which was probably picked by some dog. During the investigation, the body of the newborn was found near the village and dogs were eating it. The body was so mutilated that the sex of the baby could not ascertained. This case was not reported on time.Similarly, two days ago at Gomat village in Pokhran tehsil, the body of a newborn girl was found. Investigation revealed that the infant had died after birth and the body was thrown in the open. Even this case was not reported to the police or administration.Though the health department has been making efforts to bring down the death rate of newborns, these are not up to the mark. The department does not have any field force or complete resources. Eighty two posts of auxiliary nurses &amp; midwives (ANMs) are lying vacant in the district due to which over 60 primary health centres are closed. The villagers are forced to depend on quacks or midwives, due to which there is always a danger to the woman and the newborn. Three pregnant women died between April and June during delivery.Chief medical &amp; health officer Anand Gopal Purohit confirmed that from April 1 to June 30, 31 infants died and reasons could be many. However, the health department is promoting safe institutional delivery and efforts are being made to bring down the infant mortality rate, he said.According to Purohit, ANMs in PHCs and sub centres had been directed to inform the doctors about the birth and death of newborns. They were also instructed to inform 104 services about child births or death of women during delivery.District collector Shuchi Tyagi, expressing concern over the rising number of deaths of newborns, said she had requested the state government to provide more resources and field force to control such incidents after getting information about suspicious deaths of some newborn in the villages.The collector said that under Save Girl Child Awareness Campaign, she would be organizing a women's meet soon in which woman public representatives along with women from all over the district will be invited. Apart from this, those married women will be felicitated who have two or more girl children and have imparted them good education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14984424", "title": "Gautam Vora to be tried under serious charges", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai crime branch has informed the chief metropolitan magistrate court that it wants to press serious charges against stock broker Gautam Vora who was earlier arrested and let out on bail for harbouring triple murder accused Vijay Palande when the latter ran from police custody.If convicted Gautam Vora could face a jail term of up to ten years.The police clarified the charges after it filed a 160-page chargesheet before the chief metropolitan magistrate court last week.The crime branch told the court that Vora was aware of Palande's criminal background.The crime branch also told court that Palande was escaping from police custody when Vora harboured him in April.Both Vora and Palande have been booked under various sections of the Indian Penal Code, including 202 (intentional omission to give information of offence by person bound to inform), 212 (harbouring offender), 224 (resistance or obstruction by a person to his lawful apprehension ) and 225 (resistance or obstruction to lawful apprehension of another person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14972274", "title": "State to set up 35 fair price medicines shops", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government has devised a remedy to address the problem of exorbitant medicine bills that has been gnawing households for quite some time now. It is going to set up fair price medicine shops in 35 government hospitals where medicines will be sold at a discount of at least 30%.\"The purpose is to make available quality medicines, surgical items, cardiac implants, anti-cancer drugs, prosthetic and orthopedic devices at a cheaper cost so that patients can get the best advantage,\" an official said. The aim is to set up 24x7 medicine shops in all major hospitals and medical colleges in the state on the public-private-partnership model. The state government is trying to sell medicines at a discount through these shops.The state health department is planning to assign existing shop owners to operate these shops. The hospitals will be providing the space where the private operators will set up and run the shops. They will be allowed to operate the shops for four years at a stretch and will be subject to an annual review. Also, the hospital can terminate the contract if the store sells medicines at higher a prices higher than the one they are supposed to.Moreover, the sale of drugs will be is going to be regulated by the hospital authority. An official said, \"The purpose is to make available quality medicines, surgical items, cardiac implants, anti-cancer drugs, prosthetic and orthopedic devices at a cheaper cost so that patients can get the best advantage.\" The shops will also be allowed to sell health drinks, nutritional supplements along with products for babies, soaps and toiletries.The shops will have to sell medicines with generic names. This method will help As there is no direct control on the sale of medicines, the state government exercise direct control on sale of medicines. is trying to streamline the process through these regulated medicine shops. These shops have are supposed to comply with the government policy on the sale of medicines at a discount and they need to maintain enough stock so that to avoid denying medicines to patients are never turned down on the ground of running out of stock. The medicines are to be sold against valid prescriptions and shops need to provide computerized cash memos mentioning the discount given on the marked price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14974840", "title": "Jamia Millia Islamia comes up with guide for freshers", "text": "Jamia Millia Islamia, all set for its new academic session, starting July 16, has come up with a guide for freshers. The new handbook, to guide first-year students in their early days of college, contains detailed information \u2014 from the history of the institution to clubs and societies, helpline numbers, contacts and locations of the various schools and utilities.The idea behind the guide for new students, says Simi Malhotra, faculty and media-coordinator , was to give them a clear picture constituted in one handbook so that they do not have to look for help, while they are too new to the place.\"Though there are faculty and staff members available at every point to guide the freshers, we decided to bring out the book as it will be handy for those beginning college in the initial days,\" she says.Apart from the basic know-how , the guide has information about the number of societies that students can join for extra-curricular activities. The university conducts various cultural events throughout the year. Students can join the drama club, music society, debating club, social services and literary societies.Sarah Fatima, who has enrolled in the university's B Tech programme says, \"I am excited about joining college, but a bit nervous too.\" Besides, the handbook also specifies rules against ragging and any kind of harassment. In any such likely situation, students can refer to the book to contact the emergency officers in the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "14968838", "title": "Central University of Bihar row: Bihar emerges ultimate winner", "text": "GAYA: Strange but true, Bihar is the ultimate winner in the Nitish-Sibal match that ended in a 1-1 draw, as the wish list of both chief minister Nitish Kumar and Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal got fulfilled and the state of Bihar, in the process, got two central universities instead of one. Whereas CM Kumar wanted the proposed central university to be located in Motihari, Sibal, backed by a favourable report for the Site Selection Committee, pitched for Gaya.The state's victory becomes all the more pronounced in view of the fact that Bihar had to wait for 65 long years in the post independence era to get its first central university, whereas neighbouring UP had three central universities from the very beginning.The history of injustice to the state in respect of education, besides other sectors, is fairly old as the claim of both Patna and Magadh Universities for central university status was rejected outright even though the claims were based on hard facts and sound logic.Whereas, Patna University, for long enjoyed an enviable reputation as a centre of academic excellence, the vast infrastructural advantages and growth potential of Magadh University have never been properly appreciated.Notwithstanding the stand of the perennial critics trying to undermine the contribution of Nitish Kumar in the now certain establishment of the two central universities, the fact remains that but for the success of the CM in not blinking first in the rather long battle of wits with an argumentative and somewhat stubborn HRD minister Sibal, the state would never have got two central universities.Chief minister's political rivals hell bent on depriving the CM of his due share of credit for the establishment of one more central university in the state, may argue that but for the JD(U) support to the UPA candidate, Pranab Mukherjee , in the presidential election, Motihari would never have figured on the central university map of the country.Even if, for the sake of argument, it is conceded that the additional central university was part of a political bargain between the UPA leadership and CM Nitish Kumar, the 'bargain' is worth it as the CM is duty bound to promote the interest of the state and then, politics, they say is the art of the possible.Nitish has only converted that 'possibility 'into a reality. And then, the JD(U) supported the better of the two presidential contestants and for that reason, too, Kumar's pragmatism cannot be faulted, says activist Ali Hussain who teachers politics to under-graduate students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14968978", "title": "'Project could have been implemented in phases'", "text": "LUDHIANA: The entire city has been seeking shifting of overhead wires underground but the power department has claimed doing so would be an impossible task. However, there are some places in the city that have wires under the surface.Engineer in chief, K L Sharma said, \"Laying underground cables on Ferozepur Road and NH-1 was easy because construction works are going on there and we as it is had to shift existing wires.\" He added, \"Laying high tension wires underground is a long and tedious procedure. It also consumes a lot of energy, funds and manpower therefore it cannot be replicated everywhere.\"Meanwhile, the residents believe that officials could have done this work in phases. \"When the officials can lay underground wires on Ferozepur Road and NH1, where there is massive load of traffic, then they can surely implement the same in other areas too. It requires a bit of effort and willingness on their part to solve this problem,\" said Gurdeep Singh, a businessman and resident of Mahavir Enclave.A homemaker and resident of Barewal, Sunita Jain said, \"We understand that shifting cables requires a lot of manpower and funds, but who says everything needs to be done in a single go? This can be done in small phases and over a period of time it will be possible to rid the city of these overhead cables.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "14967431", "title": "Explorer turns gas 'dalal'", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: There is a design in the desperation Gujarat government has displayed to acquire a majority stake in Gujarat Gas Company Ltd (GGCL). It is for the sake of survival of Gujarat State Petroleum Corp (GSPC) that the government has arm-twisted corporates like Adani and Torrent groups to stay away from bidding process so that it could emerge as a sole bidder to buy 65.12% stake of British Gas (BG) in GGCL. The arm-twisting was done by top bureaucrats apparently at minister of state for energy Saurabh Dalal's behest.The reason: Conceived as an oil and gas exploration company, GSPC is compelled to focus on trading activities to recover losses it incurred in ill-advised exploration activities in the KG basin. While gas trading is a good option, there are valid suggestions that GSPC should shut over-ambitious foreign operations in Egypt, Australia, Indonesia and Yemen .The latest CAG report estimates GSPC's losses at Rs 5,000 crore. The auditor has slammed the state PSU for submitting bid for acquiring the KG block without properly assessing related technical and financial issues.Trading makes better sense than exploration. During 2006-11, the total revenue from trading of gas was Rs 19,245.39 crore, against revenue from sale of its own production of gas and oil at Rs 1,563.63 crore. Hence, the gas supply network of GGCL in south Gujarat is critical to the survival of GSPC.The million dollar question is this: Would hounding out British Gas help GSPC, which finds itself in deep financial mess following its KG misadventure? In clear trouble, after raising debts worth Rs 8,000 crore which were used up in aborted gas exploration in KG basin off Andhra Pradesh coast, GSPC is clearly looking for a bail-out through gas supply.GGCL, which supplies 3.5 mmscmd (million metric standard cubic metre per day) of natural gas and manages a pipeline network of close to 4,000 km besides operating 40-odd CNG stations, earned revenues worth Rs 2,415 crore in 2011 with a net profit of Rs 274 crore.In denial mode for long, chief minister Narendra Modi kept saying the GSPC had found \"huge\" gas reserves in the KG basin, to the tune of 20 trillion cubic feet (tcf). In value terms, the supposed find would be $50 billion, making GSPC a bigger gas operator than ONGC. Now, the same GSPC officials admit, not even 2 tcf gas is recoverable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14971678", "title": "Railways to amend law to hand out stricter punishment to touts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hoping stringent punishment will help curb rampant sale of train tickets at exorbitant prices which creates artificial scarcity throughout the year, railways is considering making touts' activities a non-bailable offence by amending the Railways Act. The state-run transporter also plans to introduce deterrent punishment to stop illegal activities of touts and middlemen.Now, it is the discretion of the magistrate to decide whether a tout be slapped with bailable or non-bailable offence under the Railways Act.Rail authorities feel the punishment under Section 143 of the Railways Act \u2014 imprisonment of up to three years or a maximum fine of Rs 10,000 \u2014 is not stringent enough to act as deterrent for touts involved in illegal sale of train tickets. \"If we catch a tout, he is back in business the same day after paying a small amount as fine,\" said an official.\"Railways has carried out around 65,000 surprise checks during 2011-12 in which around 786 touts were caught, but they were set free after paying minor penalty,\" he added.Railways views large scale sale of tickets in counters and huge booking of e-tickets within a brief period and deployment of proxies to buy tickets at counters as the major stumbling blocks to check the corrupt practices. It has taken various steps such as debarring the agents to book tickets during first two hours, installation of CCTVs in all major booking centres to monitor the touts' movements.Besides buying as proxies at ticket counters, there is no way touts can misuse the foolproof Tatkal facility, an official said. The measures such as non-issuance of duplicate Tatkal tickets, non-refund on cancellation of unused Tatkal tickets, prohibiting agents to book Tatkal tickets for first two hours, mandatory attaching of photocopy of ID proof of a passenger for booking of Tatkal tickets and mandatory carrying of the same ID card during the travel are all adequate safety mechanisms that have been formulated to keep touts out of business.For general tickets, it has also been made compulsory for all passengers of AC classes to carry their ID cards, coupled with mentioning their cellphone numbers in application forms that are used to cross-check the passengers' authenticity.While minister of state for railways K H Muniyappa said that these steps have started yielding results, he emphasized that the recent steep hike in fares of the airlines have substantially increased the demand and supply gap for rail tickets, which the authorities are trying their best to reduce through various measures.The minister said that every day around 15 lakh tickets are being sold through counters and IRCTC website, out of which Tatkal tickets account for around 1.70 lakh. He added that the steps are being taken to ramp up e-ticket handling capacity and the present strength of 3.5 lakh bookings will be increased to around 5 lakh per day within four months, and eventually eight lakh booking daily in the near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14972504", "title": "Cleaners' strike ends in Navi Mumbai", "text": "The three-day 'brooms down' strike of the 1,000-strong union of Cidco sweepers and cleaners in Navi Mumbai ended on Saturday evening, much to the relief of officials and citizens. Cidco spokesperson Mohan Ninawe said sweeping and cleaning operations at all big railway stations and other Cidco areas have restarted, following fruitful talks between the sweepers' union and Cidco.\"The Shyam Mhatre faction of the sweepers' and cleaners' union had earlier gone on strike to protest low wages, which were mainly because of mid-level contractors controlling them. But, after getting an assurance from Cidco, sweepers have begun cleaning public places like railway stations in the area of Vashi, Juinagar, Nerul, Kharghar, and other also other places like Kalamboli,\" said Ninawe. \"It is good that the strike has ended, as there was a lot of dirt accumulating on station premises. In monsoons, especailly, it is a health hazard as well. We hope that all public spaces remain neat and tidy from now on,'' said a Vashi resident.Another resident said that the Kharghar and Nerul stations looked filthy.Cidco has also appealed to citizens in general to show a little civic sense and not spit carelessly on walls, stairs, or on the roads and pavements. Public should either use spittoons or do so in a proper water basin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "14970942", "title": "Couple arrested for duping villagers", "text": "GONDIA: Tushar and Padma Dongare, a couple from village Khurshipar (Berdipar) in Tiroda Tehsil has been arrested on Friday for cheating more than 250 youths in the name of giving them employment and collecting huge amounts from them on the basis of fake receipts of an educational society.At a press conference on Saturday, office bearers of Gramin Kshetriya Lokvikas Bahu Uddeshiysa Education Society Nagpur, said that they are imparting education to students for preparing them to be eligible for employment.The Dongare couple allegedly collected amounts ranging from Rs 4,500 to Rs 10,000 from villagers of Khurshipar (Berdipar), Zadutoloa, Khairbodi, Murmadi, Karti in Tiroda Tehsil assuring them of job guarantee on behalf of the institution and collected these amounts on the basis of fake receipts.When the institution started receiving complaints, the officials enquired into the matter and found that there was truth in the complaints. They reported the matter to Tiroda police, who registered offences against the two under Section 420 IPC and the couple has been arrested.According to their estimate, this couple must have cheated about 250 to 300 youths of these villages.Those who were present during the press meet were secretary of the Education Society Sandeep Nandgaonkar, joint secretary Ranjana Nandgaonkar, treasurer Chandrakumar Sakhare and Vinod Gaygowar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14968454", "title": "Rain may disrupt Team India camp", "text": "CHENNAI: The sky was gloomy all day on Sunday and it rained on and off. With the Team India camp set to start from Monday, the pitches at the MA Chidambaram Stadium were kept under covers and the TNCA is hoping that it doesn't rain on Monday.\"The practice will be at the centre wicket of Chepauk. So if the rains stay away, it shouldn't be too much of a problem to have the practice,\" an official said.However, there is a depression around Tamil Nadu and that has kept everyone in the Indian camp a little worried. The practice wickets, too, will be essential, and in case of some rain, practice on those tracks will virtually be ruled out.The players, though, started arriving in Chennai from Sunday morning and they had a relaxed day at the team hotel.While some of them went out, Suresh Raina and Irfan Pathan spent about a couple of hours in the afternoon at the poolside.\"It's been a good break and we are all looking forward to a couple of days' practice session. That should get us in shape before we leave for Sri Lanka ,\" R Ashwin said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14972700", "title": "Sunita Williams 240 experiments", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The space travel by Sunita Williams has generated a lot of interest among Indians, particularly among Gujaratis. But only a few know that the second woman astronaut of Indian origin, after Kalpana Chawla , also shoulders responsibility of expanding horizons of science as we know it.Talking about the expedition, the scientists in the state said that the three astronauts from the US, Russia and Japan - identified as Expedition 33 crew - will be joining three Russian astronauts in orbit since May. The group will work together for two months after which the latter are scheduled to be back in September. The group led by Williams is scheduled to come back in mid-November.The new crew members are expected to conduct over 30 scientific missions with about 240 experiments during their stay aboard the ISS.What the expedition means for scienceSpace exploration: Robotic arm developed by Japan will be launched for technology development and demonstration for air, water, and surface monitoring. Aquatic habitat will be established for fish in zero gravity to learn more about bone and muscle atrophy (medical issues for the aging population) and radiation impact. Communication delay study will be carried out with new equipments to assist scientists understand relay and response time of a signal from mars and other objects in solar system. Spectrometer aboard ISS collects 1.2 billion particles per month and collects valuable data about space.Humans in space: NASA's light microscope will provide better understanding of crystallization and ageing in food and other products. It will help scientists prepare food with much longer shelf life for space exploration. The astronauts will further research on effects of long-duration spaceflight on human body including disturbance in sleep pattern and circadian rhythm.Healthcare: Miniaturized flow cytometer, Microflow1, developed by Canada , uses laser to analyze individual cells for cell counting and sorting, biomarker (disease signatures) detecting, and protein engineering. The equipment will be tested for early disease identification. Vaccine for salmonella will be tested for prevention of infection on earth and in microgravity. Salmonella is the most common cause for food poisoning and death in children.Nanotechnology: NanoRacks, micro plates containing nano particles of plant and animal tissues, will be carried to the ISS to study impact of zero gravity situations on them. It will expand our understanding of life science and probable life forms in the space.Earth science: ISS SERVIR Environmental Research and Visualization System (ISERV) will lead to the development of enhanced capabilities that will provide useful images to support disaster and other events' monitoring and assessment, and environmental decision making when needed.Chemistry: Facility for Absorption and Surface Tension (FASTER) will be flown for the first time on the space station. It will conduct research on physical chemistry properties and emulsion stability of droplet interfaces. Its outcome can help industries make emulsion of two generally separate liquids such as water and oil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14967439", "title": "Survey of illegal hoardings soon", "text": "NASHIK: To increase revenue through advertising, the standing committee (SC) of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to conduct a survey of hoardings in the city and take action against unauthorized hoardings in the city.A decision to this effect was taken at the meeting of the standing committee of the NMC. The proposal for giving advertising work for NMC's 27 hoardings to a private agency was tabled at the meeting, but the proposal was cancelled after some SC members opposed it and sought a survey of all unauthorized hoardings in the city.R H Bahiram, deputy commissioner (tax), said, \"The NMC has its own 27 hoardings. The administration had recently conducted a survey of hoardings in the city. Accordingly, around 324 unauthorized hoardings were traced in all six divisions. Around 62 unauthorized hoardings were found in Nashik East division, 188 in Nashik West, 17 in Cidco, 38 in Nashik Road, 19 in Panchvati and two unauthorized hoardings in Satpur division.\"Standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse expressed his concern over the NMC administration not taking action against unauthorized hoardings in the city. He directed NMC chief Sanjay Khandare to take action in this connection, conduct survey of hoardings and invite joint tender of all hoardings from all six divisions of NMC at state-level on the lines of Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).Khandare said the survey will be carried out soon through a private firm, adding, \"We will A survey of unauthorized hoardings across the city will be conducted through a private a firm, shortly. Moreover, also look for locations with potential for putting up hoardings to increase NMC revenue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "14966758", "title": "Japanese minister visits Shrawasti, assures support", "text": "BAHRAICH: In a bid to explore opportunities of development of Buddhist tourist places in Uttar Pradesh, the Japanese finance minister Navkaju Takemoto along with the speaker of UP assembly Mata Prasad Pandey and state minister Balram Singh Yadav visited the International Buddhist places in Shrawasti. The delegation also visited Jetwan Vihar, Denmahamkol and the huts of Maheta.During the Saturday visit, the Japanese minister Takemoto told media persons that Japan not only has economic relations with India, but it also has the historical and cultural ties for centuries and the Japanese government would extend every possible assistance to India for the improvement of roads and electricity at Buddhist tourist places. The Japanese minister added that his visit to India is to explore the opportunities of these developments. On this occasion Mata Prasad Pandey said that action plan for the development of Buddhist tourist places of UP including Shrawasti is being prepared and very shortly the developmental schemes of roads and electricity would get underway at Buddhist places with the assistance of Japan. The state minister Balram Singh Yadav said that schemes are being made to convert the Buddhist tourist places of Uttar Pradesh into an eco-tourism circuit.The Japanese minister said that a medical college-cum-hospital would be constructed on the land of Lord Buddha. He said a medical college would be built at Kapilvastu and Shrawasti. The Japanese minister also said that his country makes every possible effort for the development of Buddhist places. He said that he is feeling himself blessed to have visited the land of Lord Buddha. The Japanese minister said that Uttar Pradesh is just double in size from Japan, but it is far behind as far as electricity and development is concerned and his government wants to set up a power plant in UP and co-operate in development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14970076", "title": "First IT firm sets shop in UL Cyber Park", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The first IT company started functioning in the UL Cyber Park in city on Sunday. The office of the Samura Info Solutions (SIS), an enterprise solution firm, was opened at the Quick Space of the cyber park.The firm also provides web solution, revenue assurance solutions, online recruitment services, content solution for the telecom sector.\"We are hopeful that the main campus of the park would be ready by December end so that we can shift our office. The cyber park officials have already agreed to allot space for the company on its new campus,\" he said.Meanwhile the officials of UL Cyber Park held talks with the representatives of various international IT firms based in Bangalore on Saturday. The sources at the park said it is too early to reveal the details of the discussions.The new office of SIS was inaugurated by minister for panchayats and social welfare M K Muneer. Mayor A K Premajam, A Pradeep Kumar, MLA, representatives of SIS and UL Cyber Park were present at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14967498", "title": "We aim to protect interests of students: Arun Jamkar", "text": "Vice-chancellor of the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences and current chairman of the Medical Universities of India, Dr Arun Jamkar, talks about the state of medical education today, innovations being sought by MUHS and its international collaborationsWhat is the MUHS planning to do to overcome the scarcity of doctors in the city?There are three basic medical branches. In allopathy, all graduates by and large want to become specialists. So there is a vacuum in the family physician area. But this is being taken care of by homeopathic and ayurvedic doctors. If all municipal and government hospitals in Maharashtra are used for post-graduate (PG) education, the number of PG seats would double. We are tying up with the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), Pimpri-Chinchwad Corporation and Navi Mumbai Corporation in this regard.Are you introducing any new courses in collaboration with institutes abroad?We have a PG course in paediatrics with the University of Sydney. It is a very popular course. This year, we are starting it in two more centres in Maharashtra, Jehangir Hospital and Apollo Hospital. We are starting many new courses like masters in public nutrition, which is a leading role in teaching nutrition for stakeholders like public health officers, non-governmental organizations and nurses. We have an MBA (master of business administration) course in healthcare management, which is a new concept. This includes managing the hospital with management principles rather than doctor's principles.In how many colleges has the MUHS taken action for flouting basic norms?This year, we have sent teams to 311 colleges. Everything has been video-recorded for the society and stakeholders too have their say in all the findings that have been uploaded on the website. Accordingly, the academic council took the decision that all colleges with less than 60% of approved staff and less than 80% of total staff have been given a period of three months to fulfil the requirements. Everybody is in the process of appointing staff. June 30 was the last date and we have already communicated to concerned authorities to finish it off at the earliest. Our sole aim is to protect interests of the students.How effective is the common entrance test ( CET)?It is very effective and a good way to select students.Recently, there has been a case of paper leaking from your premises. What are you doing to prevent such things in the future?Most of the time, it is paper theft rather than paper leak. We have initiated departmental action against the four employees who were involved in the theft. To keep a check on any such irregularities, we are going to have online transmission of examination papers that would be set, typed and sent to the colleges only on the day of the exam.Are you bringing about any fresh change in the syllabus?We have introduced communication skills in the syllabus. For this, training of faculty is going on. We need different kinds of manpower for this. The university has sanctioned only Rs 25 lakh. We have brought changes in physiotherapy and are doing it in all the medical universities.From which faculty are seats going vacant the most?Nursing. There are 30% vacant seats. The number of PG teachers in nursing is less. Basically it is a nice job. A BSc nurse is almost equal to doctor. It is a four-year course plus internship after standard XII, but it does not have a very good pay scale and that is another reason why it does not attract students.In fact, trained nurses can play a good role so hospitals need to be convinced to employ BSc nurses. These nurses are better equipped to handle the latest technologies.Is MUHS taking initiative in convincing hospitals about this?We organized meetings in Aurangabad to convince more people to take up nursing. There are more nursing colleges in that area, particularly in the rural sectors, where there is drought and drought-like conditions.Recently you had initiated training for medical faculty on the basis of them being qualified medical professionals but not equipped with training to teach. What is the status now?It is the Obama-Singh 21st Century Knowledge Initiative that is doing a lot in medical education. This year, MUHS, Nashik and University of Michigan, USA, have decided to work in the field of health by developing a standard syllabus. We have a fellowship programme of one year and a master of health professional education (MHP) of two years for those interested in teaching medicine.We will be having a faculty meeting of University of Michigan and MUHS in the month of October. MUHS will be employing all MHP graduates in India.What refresher courses have you introduced?We have introduced a lot of fellowship courses. There are 50-60 courses like laproscopy, hand surgery, etc. This year onwards, we are introducing dental implant, rural surgery and medical oncology.What is MUHS doing to promote research?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14988576", "title": "NDA names Jaswant Singh as its vice-presidential candidate", "text": "NEW DELHI: The NDA has decided to field senior BJP leader Jaswant Singh for the post of Vice-President.The name of Jaswant Singh was finalised and announced after a meeting of the coalition here on Monday morning.Announcing the name of Jaswant Singh, LK Advani said the NDA had decided not to give a walkover to the UPA.Jaswant Singh will challenge UPA's nominee Hamid Ansari , who has been nominated by the UPA for a second term in office.Reacting to his nomination, Jaswant Singh said he was honoured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14967146", "title": "Cong to grill BJP over graft", "text": "BHOPAL: Monsoon session of Madhya Pradesh assembly beginning on Monday is likely to be stormy with the opposition Congress bracing up to corner the state government over corruption issue, especially after the recent income tax department raids on two influential businessmen connected to BJP.\"We are going to raise the issue of rampant corruption in the state, primarily the I-T department raids on two neo rich Dilip Suryavanshi and Sudhir Sharma, which had unearthed huge wealth amassed by them,\" leader of the opposition in assembly Ajay Singh told TOI.Singh said both the businessmen were connected to the people in power in the state and the Congress had raised the issue during its no-confidence motion last year.The state government didn't take corrective measures, rather it defended the teacher-turned- mining magnet Sharma.He said his party will take the government to the task over the corruption that has taken place in the wheat procurement . \"Apart from this, we are going to pull up the government over the lawlessness and power crisis in MP.\" The treasury benches are mulling to turn the table on the Congress by raising the issue of steep rise in the fertilizer price and shortage of gunny bags that erupted during the wheat procurement, BJP insiders said. The state government would also harp on record 85 lakh tonne of wheat procured this year which has turned MP the third biggest grain producer in the country after Punjab and Haryana, they added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14993864", "title": "Amarnath Yatra: Chopper detained for illegal sorties for pilgrims", "text": "SRINAGAR: Authorities on Sunday detained a helicopter belonging to a private operator for allegedly making unauthorised sorties between Srinagar and Baltal, the base camp of the Amarnath yatra, in Ganderbal district of Kashmir.The helicopter was detained by the security officials as it landed at Baltal with five passengers on board at 7.30 AM. The passengers took another chopper to proceed to the holy cave shrine, official sources said.They said as the passengers boarded the chopper without any boarding passes, an inquiry was conducted and it was found that it did not have any permission from the competent authority to fly yatris from Srinagar to Baltal.The security officials at Baltal suspect that licensed helicopter operators are working in connivance with the private operator to ferry high paying pilgrims from Srinagar to the shrine via Baltal route, the sources said.While chief executive officer of the Shri Amarnath Shrine Board (SASB) N K Chaudhury did not reply to messages about the incident, his deputy T Singh disconnected the line when contacted over telephone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14972562", "title": "Nearly 13,000 degree engineering, pharmacy seats to remain vacant", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Nearly 13,000-odd seats are likely to remain vacant after the admission process in degree engineering and pharmacy courses is over this year.After two consecutive mock rounds, the Admission Committee for Professional Courses found that of the total 50,052 seats, students have confirmed admission in only 37,068 seats leaving 12,966 seats vacant. Officials have decided to offer these seats for reshuffling from July 18-26.ACPC officials said that while there is no dearth of professional seats in the state, the seats are likely to remain vacant either in branches which have lost favor with the students or in colleges which are known to not have impressive infrastructure.Officials said that most students preferred to opt for mechanical engineering this time; which has remained the top branch. \"We have paid Rs four lakh fee per annum for mechanical engineering in a reputed self financed college. There was no point in enrolling our son in a branch which gets affected by recession or does not have a good career prospect\", said Vijubhai Patel, a parent.Officials said that there is a possibility of 15,000-odd seats remaining vacant after the entire admission process is completed as many students also opt for management quota seats outside the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14994439", "title": "VP poll: Jaswant to reach out to non-NDA parties", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nominated as the NDA candidate for the Vice-President election, BJP leader Jaswant Singh on Monday said he would reach out to the non-NDA parties including UPA partner Trinamool Congress for their support.\"I will talk to all non-NDA parties for support. I will talk to Mamata Banerjee also,\" 74-year-old Singh told reporters soon after his nomination was announced by the NDA.On both Mamata Banerjee and Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalitha being 'non-committal' on the vice-presidential election, he said, \"I will surely talk to both of them.\"Asked if he felt that the contest was in favour of incumbent and UPA nominee Hamid Ansari , Singh said, \"It is wrong to use words such as war... I don't agree with these assumptions. If the NDA is trying to expand its base through me, what is wrong in it.\"He said the post of the Vice-President is \"second-biggest\" in the country and \"it is a big challenge for me. I am humbled and it is a great respect for me.\"The BJP MP from Darjeeling stated that he was not concerned whether he was the \"first or the tenth NDA candidate\" for the post and said, \"It is a positive sign that I am the consensus candidate of the NDA. NDA is still together.\"Reminded about his expulsion from the BJP in 2010 and asked if his nomination was an attempt by the party to honour him, Singh said, \"It is better to forget the past and move ahead... I think honour is inherent.\"Asked whether contesting the Vice-President poll was an effort to stay away from active politics, he said, \"How can you reach that conclusion. I am still alive.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "fatehabad", "code": "14976260", "title": "Gorakhur farmer stable, administration treads cautiously", "text": "FATEHABAD: A day after Badlu Ram, a 48-year-old farmer, who stands to lose 26 acres of land to the proposed nuclear power plant, made a suicide attempt, the district administration has made additional arrangements to keep law and order situation under control during an open house session organized by Haryana State Pollution Control Board (HSPCB) for getting an environment impact assessment (EIA) clearance for the project.While the open house is scheduled to be held on July 17, scientists from Nuclear Power Corporation India Ltd (NPCIL) are also camping in villages for the last three days as part of their awareness campaign in favour of the plant, sources said.Badlu Ram was rushed to Fatehabad's civil hospital after he allegedly consumed some poisonous substance in protest against setting up the nuke plant in Gorakhpur. Doctors at the private hospital, where he was shifted later, said that Badlu Ram is responding to medicines and he is out of danger.Farmers of Gorakhpur village are on dharna outside the mini secreteriate for the past 706 days protesting the acquisition of their fertile lands for the power plant. Those who visited Badlu on Sunday included HJC supremo and Hisar MP Kuldeep Bishnoi and some INLD leaders.Meanwhile, treading cautiously, deputy commissioner M L Kaushik on Sunday directed residents of Gorakhpur and nearby villages to deposit their arms by Monday evening. Kaushik's order has come in anticipation of unruly scenes during the open house session.The administration had gone the extra mile after Bishnoi, expressing solidarity with farmers, indicated at sending party workers to the open house session.President of Kisan Sangharsh Samiti, Hans Raj Siwach, said, \"The elderly farmer was worried over his land being acquired by government for the plant and had consumed poison over the same. We will die for our land, but we will not give it to the government.\"Endorsing this, Rajesh, Badlu's elder son, said that his father was worried about the family's future after government started the process to acquire land. \"He had been regularly participating in the agitation organized by Kisan Sangharsh Samiti,'' said Rajesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14974475", "title": "A nobel moment in Lindau", "text": "592 students from 69 countries participated at the recently-held 62nd Lindau Nobel Laureate Meeting. Narayani Ganesh reports from Germany'What was your most exciting moment here?' Ask any of the 592 young students from 69 countries interacting with Nobel Laureates at the 62Lindau Nobel Laureate Meeting (July 1-6 ) at Lake Constance, Germany, and the unanimous answer is: 'Interaction with the CERN scientists via video link following their press conference, announcing the possible discovery of the Higgs boson particle, and the panel discussion that followed between Nobel Laureates, students and CERN scientists!' Nobel Laureates Carlo Rubbia, David Gross , George Smoot and Martinus Veltman commented on the latest research results with Felicitas Pauss, head of international relations, CERN, as the moderator.It is not every day that you get to be part of a historic breakthrough or find yourself interacting with 27 eminent scientists whose work has changed the global topography of science. In addition to the 18 students who travelled from India, there were 15 others of Indian origin, but from other countries.With physics as this year's theme, the topics discussed included particle physics, cosmology, energy and climate change. Most sessions were exclusively for students , one-on-one interactions between 'student and laureate;' group discussions, panel discussions and lectures.That's not all. Informal intellectual exchanges continued well into the night at dinner and dance parties. Nobel Laureates shook a leg with youngsters, dancing to old and new numbers, including Bob Marley hits. A special 'Bavarian Evening' saw participants dressed in traditional wear. The most popular dance partner was Australian Brian Schmidt, who is as comfortable on the dance floor as he is in the laboratory. He won the 2011 Physics Nobel for discovering \u2014 with two others \u2014 that the rate of expansion of the universe is accelerating, and not slowing down as was thought by many.The most elusive of all \u2014 perhaps as elusive as the Higgs boson \u2014 was Carlo Rubbia, the CERN scientist who won the Nobel for his team's recreation of the W and Z particles. There were also moments of intense argument, especially between scientists who were arrayed on opposite sides of the climate change debate, with Mario Molino holding a brief for the reality of global warming and Ivar Giaever (who won the 1973 Nobel for is work on tunnelling phenomena in semi and super conductors) rubbishing it as pseudoscience . Molino shared the 1995 Chemistry Nobel for work that revealed destruction of the ozone layer, triggering an international movement for phasing out atmospheric pollutants like chlorofluorocarbon gases (CFCs).The six-day meeting concluded with a boat trip to the Isle of Mainau, in the state of Baden-W urttemberg that is being promoted as a Centre of Science and Good Living. In its 2012 state budget, 4.5 billion euros has been allocated for science, research and the arts. An exhibition on the boat showcased topical ongoing research in physics at universities and research institutions here.Nobel laureates for physics, Robert B Laughlin of Stanford University and Carlo Rubbia of the European Organisation for Nuclear Research (CERN), Martin J Keilhacker of the German Physical Society and Georg Schuette, state secretary of the German federal ministry of education and research participated in a panel discussion on 'The Future of Energy Supply and Storage,' moderated by science writer for The Economist , Geoffrey Carr. The focus was on alternatives to fossil fuels. The annual Lindau Nobel Laureate Meetings is a tradition, which was started by Count Lennart Bernadotte in 1951. The current president of the Council is Countess Bettina Bernadotte. Next year's meeting will have chemistry as the theme. Each of the 18 students who travelled to Lindau from India was sponsored by both the department of science and technology (DST) and the German Research Foundation (DFG). DST paid their airfares while DFG took care of other costs. In the last lap of the trip, students will be visiting premium research institutions and universities in Germany, as arranged by DFG.DFG seeks to showcase the science landscape of Germany to Indian researchers and convey the potential of Indian high-end researchers to premium institutions in Germany.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "gurap (hooghly)", "code": "14972569", "title": "More buried in Hooghly horror home?", "text": "GURAP (HOOGHLY): In a significant twist to the tale of Guriya, the 32-year-old inmate found buried in the Hooghly rehabilitation home after her mysterious death, the social welfare department of Bengal government on Sunday lodged a complaint with Gurap police station that four other inmates died in recent months and were probably buried on the bank of Damodar in Jamalpur in Burdwan.\"We have initiated a probe after receiving the complaint. We are checking out all the required documents of the home,\" Tathagata Bose, additional SP of Hooghly, said. Earlier, the residents of Jamalpur in Burdwan district alleged that many bodies of the inmates of Dulal Smriti Sansad, the horror home, were buried on the banks of river Damodar, not far from the home. In fact, Jamalpur locals accosted the home staff on May 7, while they were trying to bury the body of Jharna Samanta, a 43-year-old inmate. Police intervened and sent the body for post-mortem. After the post-mortem report failed to indicate any foul play in Samanta's death, her body was handed to the home authority.However, inmates allege that Samanta was also killed so there was an attempt to destroy her body. On Sunday, Burdwan district magistrate said, \"I have asked the police to investigate thoroughly into the allegation. If necessary, police will dig up the entire area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14969020", "title": "Autos take road to hooliganism", "text": "MUMBAI: It's not just refusals and meter-tampering that commuters are complaining about. What has angered them most is the rude, shocking and 'criminal' behaviour of some autorickshaw drivers in the city.TOI has received several complaints from passengers in Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai, all of who are worried about the hooliganism and rough attitude of some drivers.A woman passenger said, \"The auto driver followed me to my building compound last week, insulted me and used foul language in front of other residents. I had objected to his meter operating fast.\" Another woman who was threatened said, \"When I argued over the fare and refused to pay him excess amount, the driver threatened me and said that as he knew my residence, he could make life difficult for me.\"A couple from Borivli was surprised when the driver walked up to their flat and demanded excess fare. \"They are quite intimidating,\" said N K Madhavan, a resident of Kandivli. \"They speak rudely and don't care about the law. It seems there's no deterrent for such drivers,\" he said.Navi Mumbai resident Charu Satam said, \"Some have become high-handed. Recently, a driver assaulted passengers when they refused to pay the fare he demanded. They also use abusive language and show no respect for women.\"RTO sources said there have been incidents of violence among drivers, with some having criminal records, and this is a major concern for passengers. In the past few years, RTO officials have been attacked by a cartel of drivers in Bandra (E).Activist Sunil Mone demanded action against notorious drivers and felt passengers should lodge complaints along with the auto number at local police stations. Another activist, G R Vora, said that after every police complaint, the RTO should revoke the badges/licences of such drivers.Auto union activists alleged that some drivers who did not belong to any union were known for extortion and for harassing genuine drivers with permits. The Mumbai Autorickshawmen's Union has received complaints against such unscrupulous drivers who are known to abuse, assault and extort money from fellow drivers.\"We lodge complaints at police stations, and in some cases, drivers have also been booked for criminal charges,\" a senior union member said.Thane cops begin crackdownSandhya NairMUMBAI: Travelling in an autorickshaw seems to have become unsafe in Vasai. Flooded with complaints of passengers being looted by drivers while plying, the Thane rural police have started cracking down on petty criminals operating in the guise of auto drivers.The region has been witnessing a rise in drivers conning and robbing passengers. Most caught were driving unregistered autos without government-approved badges. Pa-ssengers have been complaining of being taken for a ride, early morning and at night.In Nalasopara, the police arrested two drivers who robbed a passenger and later got their wives sell the stolen gold ornaments to a local jeweler. On July 4, Dilesh Doshi hired an auto outside Nalasopara railway station to travel home along the Nalasopara-Virar Link Road at around 5am. He was accompanied by his wife and father. On reaching home, the driver, Nasir Shaikh (26), demanded a fare of Rs200, but Doshi refused to pay. The driver forced out Doshi's wife and father and drove the passenger back to the station.When Doshi finally paid up, Nasir agreed to drop him home. But Nasir was accompanied by auto driver Lahik Khan (26), who sat at the driver's seat. The two took Doshi to a secluded spot and robbed him of his valuables and cash. Doshi registered a police complaint based on which the two were arrested. The jeweler, Manoj Sharma , of Nalasopara, was arrested along with the wives.Additional superintendent of police (Vasai) S P Nishandar said over 24 drivers without badges are being investigated and their three-wheelers have been seized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14978716", "title": "There is an I in team", "text": "Mark de Rond, Reader in Strategy &amp; Organisation, Cambridge Judge Business School, University of Cambridge , says the business world may be better off avoiding teams because they are difficult to manage successfullyWhy is it hard to get teams to realise their potential; how can people work more effectively on teams; why is there conflict when a team's intentions are aligned? Is conflict harmful or does it help the team-dynamic ? These are some of the questions that my research poses on teams for my book There is an I in Team: What Elite Athletes and Coaches Really Know about High Performance.Key business issues like these mimic many of the challenges faced by sports teams, but sports-related metaphors commonly used in business are trite and superficial, masking lessons that could be drawn from the world of high-performance athletics.If you can do without a team you should. Teams are so difficult to manage successfully. A lot of organisations are far better off getting people to work together as a working group where everyone knows what he or she has to do. There's one person who co-ordinates and ties the different bits of rope together and takes ownership of that. That way, everything is pretty transparent. Everyone knows what everyone else is doing.However, it is important not to confuse what 'There is an I in Team' actually refers to. It does not seek to champion selfishness or narcissism. Instead, it simply means that to manage a team effectively requires leaders to be aware of individual differences between team members (rather than treating everyone alike). This in turn means that differences in talent, personality and even compensation can help teams to be more effective . Team formation and management is, thus a 'combinatorial game.'Also, we need to be careful not to prioritise 'team harmony' over performance. Traditionally , team harmony has been seen as a precursor for performance \u2014 the better we get along, the better we will perform. Recent studies suggest this is wrong. The converse is true \u2014 interpersonal harmony is much more likely to be a consequence of (and not cause for) performance. This means that certain types of conflict are best dealt with by giving teams a challenge \u2014 or something to feel good about collectively.Where does all this leave the idea of good leadership/leadership strategies, etc? I think organisations would be far better off if they were to spend as much time and effort on trying to make sure their teams are psychologically safe, as they currently do on forcing people to become team players.By psychological safety I mean that people won't self-censor but speak out when they disagree with, or worry about, what other team members are about to do. Sadly, many teams are not safe psychologically, and people self-censor for being thought as negative, dumb or not a 'team player.' I think that if you get the 'safety' issue right, the teaming will follow naturally, meaning we seem to have our priorities wrong.\u2014 As told to Tirna Ray", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14989088", "title": "Jackie Shroff to take legal action against defamation", "text": "Jackie Shroff whose colourful expletives in a video leaked from 1998 on the internet, has gone viral is also taking legal action. An aunt abuse in Marathi has specially caught the nation's attention.Jackie who initially laughed away the \"archival oddity\" as \"someone out to have fun at my cost\" has decided to take serious legal action. Speaking from outside Ajmer Sharif where he has gone to shoot K C Bokadia's latest creation, Jackie says, \"I thought I'd just ignore it. If someone out there gets his 15 minutes of glory by using my name so be it. After all these are not words and phrases that are alien to us. We've all grown up hearing and using them. And if anyone wants to act holier-than-thou about them then that's their problem.\"Jackie grievance pertains to the sneaking and underhand way the video was out. \"Why after so many years? It's mischievous and uncalled-for. Friends have advised me to sue. I don't know how internet crimes are dealt with. I'm going to consult my lawyers as soon as I return to Mumbai.\"Jackie however is not apologetic about using the language that he did. \"I remember we were working under very taxing conditions to shoot this social awareness campaign for polio. I wasn't getting my lines right, so I got annoyed. And I let loose some colourful language. I do that when my work goes wrong. When I was dubbing for Vidhu Vinod Chopra's Parinda, Sanjay Leea Bhansali was an assistant. I used the same aunt expletive. Bhansali was aghast. He asked Vinod what I meant. But no offence meant. And no apologies offered. However, If you use my face and words to create an unnecessary tamasha it's time for me to take action. Otherwise ten other people may be encouraged to behave badly with me.\"Jackie is currently shooting K C Bokadia's political thriller Dirty Politics near Ajmer Sharif. It stars Jackie, Atul Kulkarni, Om Puri , Anupam Kher and Ashutosh Rana.Says Jackie, \"It's a comment on present day politics. Boakadia saab is directing the film. I had done Teri Meherbaniyan for the same banner 22 years ago. How time flies! It's wonderful to be back working for Bokadia saab .\"Jackie has worked with Atul, Anupam and Om before. \"It's wonderful to be reunited with them. They are are so talented.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14986707", "title": "Amboli double murder hearing adjourned", "text": "MUMBAI: A Sewri fast track court on Thursday adjourned the bail hearing of an accused in the Amboli double murder. The court was scheduled to hear the application but no lawyers were present in court due to the nationwide strike which lasted for two days.The matter will now be heard next and charges are also expected to be read out against the accused.Keenan Santos (24) and Reuben Fernandez (29) were stabbed after a scuffle near a paan shop in Amboli, Andheri (W), on October 20 last year.Accused Jitendra Rana filed the application through his lawyer Wahab Khan.Rana, who was arrested along with Sunil Bodh, Satish Dulhaj and Dipak Tival soon after the incident, is currently lodged at the Arthur Road jail.According to Khan, the application has been filed on several grounds, including an argument that the investigation is over and the chargesheet has been filed. \"The trial is not likely to conclude soon,\" Khan said, adding that even the injury sustained by Rana during the incident remained unexplained.An officer from the DN Nagar police station, however, said they would oppose the bail application. It is the prosecution's case that Keenan and Reuben were standing at the spot when some men allegedly started harassing the women in their group.The duo was attacked after they protested against the harassment. While Keenan died soon after the incident, Reuben passed away on October 30 at a hospital in Andheri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14968009", "title": "Two killed after truck rams trailer", "text": "NEW DELHI: A truck driver was killed after he rammed his truck into a trailer carrying a container on Okhla flyover on Sunday morning, police said. Eyewitnesses told cops that the driver was fleeing after hitting a cyclist minutes before this accident. The body of the cyclist was found about 500m away from the accident spot.The truck driver has been identified as Vishnu (25) and the cyclist as Vijender (28). The driver of the trailer was not hurt. Police have registered a case and are trying to establish the chain of events.The incident took place around 12pm when Vishnu, who was driving a truck loaded with construction material, was speeding and tried overtaking the trailer on the flyover. He lost control of the vehicle and slammed into the trailer.A passerby then called police. It took cops and fire officials about two hours to extricate Vishnu's body. The impact of the collision was so severe that gas cutters had to be used to cut through the steel to fish out the body. Vishnu was taken to AIIMS where he declared brought dead.Though eyewitnesses told police Vishnu had hit a cyclist before he crashed into the trailer, cops said the matter was being probed as Vijender's body, too, was found near the collision site.In another incident, two cyclists travelling on the wrong side of the road suffered injuries after a low-floor DTC bus hit them in Daryaganj on Sunday evening.In a third accident in the city on Sunday, three persons suffered minor injuries after an Audi and Skoda collided on Bhagwan Dass Road near India Gate at 2am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14967445", "title": "I need proper shot selection: Suresh Raina", "text": "NAGPUR: It's been almost seven years since Suresh Raina burst on to the international scene. He may have been out of the Test set up for now but at 25, Raina knows his chances will come. At the start of a new season and before the ODI series against Sri Lanka Raina spoke to TOI about his journey at the international level, his batting, Team India's performance and other issues. Excerpts from the interview...You will start your eighth season few days from now. How do you see your journey so far?It's been great. I got a break at the right time. I was doing well in the domestic circuit, and was given a chance in the national side. I had a decent first season. I have been a part of some amazing victories and also some disappointing losses. We won the World Cup, which is the ultimate dream for any cricketer, was part of the No. 1 Test team, won the IPL twice and the Champions League once with the Chennai Super Kings. Besides, it was great to have won some prestigious domestic tournaments like the Ranji Trophy, the Duleep Trophy and the Deodhar Trophy. The challenge for me is to keep going.You talked about amazing highs and disappointed lows. Test series losses against England and Australia were certainly one of those lows...Certainly. As a sportsman, you always play to win. Having said that, it's not possible to win every day. There will be days when you will do well and there will be days you won't. However, we have always given our hundred per cent. In the year before the previous one, we had a fantastic season.We drew the Test series against Sri Lanka. Then we went on to win our home Test series against Australia and New Zealand, drew against South Africa in their own backyard and then won the World Cup. The losses against England and Australia were surely disappointing. However, we have all moved on and are now focusing on how we can improve ourselves.Does your role as a floater affect your batting? You have always batted up the order for Uttar Pradesh...It's always good to bat at the top, where you get more opportunities, but sometimes crucial 30s and 40s can be very helpful for the team. Ultimately it is a team sport. Personal records don't matter much if your team ends up on the losing side. Batting in the middle order has always been difficult. You have to adapt different roles at different situations.If wickets fall early, you need to build up, while if you get a solid start, you need to push things up. Yuvraj (Singh) had once talked about the importance of a solid middle order and how crucial his role is along with myself and (MS) Dhoni. When I scored those crucial 30s against Australia and Pakistan in the World Cup, I experienced tremendous satisfaction. Sachin Bhai said 'you won the match for us.' Gary (Kirsten) said 'you won the World Cup for us with those two knocks.' Nothing could match those praises. I am ready to bat anywhere the team requires me to.There's a lot of talk about your technique, especially against pacers. What do you need to succeed at the highest level-technique or temperament?You need both. I know I didn't do well against England, but it was Graeme Swann who got me out on most occasions. Before that I scored against the West Indies in some seamer-friendly wickets. In fact, Rahul Bhai praised me during that series and said that I was batting very well. If I had problems against the seamers, I wouldn't have been successful in the One-dayers. It's just a mental thing. I don't need to cut down my strokes. I just need to be choosy and display proper shot selection. I have always backed my natural instincts and that's the way I have got success at the international level.You have been in the company of some world class left-handers like Matthew Hayden, Michael Hussey, Stephen Fleming and Gary Kirsten . Which is the one thing they taught you?To always remain positive. I am fortunate to share the dressing room with these greats. Not to forget Yuvraj Singh . They have all been great and very humble. They are always ready to share their experiences. I feel I have grown up as a cricketer and as a person in their company. They all had a different style but they had one thing in common-confidence and self-belief. There's so much to learn from them.Now with Rahul Dravid having retired, you must be eyeing that slot in the Test side...Tests has always been an ultimate format for me. It's very difficult to fill the shoes of somebody like Rahul Bhai. He has set the bench mark for a generation to come. However, it's our responsibility to carry forward his legacy. I am focusing on a comeback into the Test side. I feel I can contribute a lot in the longer format too. For that, I know I have to score heavily in whatever opportunities I would get. That is the way I made it to the national squad, and I know I have to do it again.World cricket at a very interesting stage. Do you think the gap has reduced considerably among the top five-six teams now, from what it was two three years ago. From No. 1, India have slipped No. 5 in Tests within a year...Definitely. The top five six teams are very competitive with some talented players in their side. As far as India are concerned, our focus now is to play good competitive cricket. We have always been a good batting side. Now, we have some exciting pacers like Umesh (Yadav) and Varun (Aaron), who could bowl at 150. It does make a difference. If we play good cricket, the ranking will take care of itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14968886", "title": "Skip Class X Board exams to switch school from next year", "text": "NEW DELHI: In another step to de-stress schoolchildren, CBSE has decided to extend the option of skipping the Class X board exams to students from secondary schools too. Students who have to switch schools after Class X no longer need to sit for the exam as senior secondary schools have been told to accept their internal exam scores based on continuous and comprehensive evaluation (CCE). The exams will be mandatory only for those who wish to opt for another board. The decision is likely to affect over 3.5 lakh students across 4,000 secondary schools in the country.According to sources in the CBSE, the new policy decision will be effective from 2013. In 2012, of 8.29 lakh students, only 30% appeared for the Class X board exams. The move is likely to bring down the number to 20%. The landmark decision to make board exams optional was announced in 2009 and implemented in 2010 in senior secondary schools (till Class XII). The exams were compulsory only for those students who needed to change schools or boards.\"Students from secondary schools can now take admission in a senior secondary school affiliated to CBSE based on their internal CCE exams. Only those students who would like to change boards after Class X have to sit for boards,\" said CBSE chairman Vineet Joshi.The move is aimed at standardizing CCE results across schools. \"It always takes time for people to accept new things. In two years, the percentage of students opting for school-based exams has witnessed a rise. We are expecting it to increase further,\" said Joshi.On being asked whether the move would make senior secondary schools apprehensive about accepting internal scores, Joshi said all schools have to abide by the policy decision.\"The final results - of both external and school-based exams - are evaluated and declared by the Board, so there should be no issue. All schools should accept each others' results,\" added Joshi.In 2012, of 11.79 lakh Class X students around 3.5 lakh took the board exams as they had to change schools. Of the rest 8.29 lakh students, 5.89 lakh appeared for the internal exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "14974130", "title": "Students flock to North Eastern Hill University as it is the oldest varsity in northeast", "text": "SHILLONG: Students from all parts of the northeast flock the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) in Shillong to pursue their academic career under the university as it is the oldest central varsity of the northeast.\"We do have a university in Kohima, but its great studying in Shillong. We have lots of fun here,\" 17-year-old Zunita from Nagaland said.\"The university offers so many different courses, which are not available in other universities of the northeast,\" says Akiro from Mizoram, a history student.NEHU was established in 1973 by an Act of Parliament \"to disseminate and advance knowledge by providing instructional and research facilities in such branches of learning as it may deem fit; to pay special attention to the improvement of the social and economic conditions and welfare of the people of the hill areas of the northeast region, and, in particular their intellectual, academic and cultural advancement,\" said an university official.NEHU was declared a University with Potential for Excellence (UPE) by the UGC in December 2005. \"The selection was made during the 9{+t}{+h} five-year plan, where only five universities were short-listed out of the 35 applicants. The UPE status was accorded for academic, research and administrative excellence. Up to the 10{+t}{+h} five-year plan, only nine universities in the country have been accorded this prestigious status.A few years back the department of botany was upgraded to the prestigious rank of Centre for Advanced Studies by UGC.Initially, NEHU had four campuses-Shillong (Meghalaya), Medziphema and Kohima (Nagaland), and Aizawl (Mizoram). It now has two campuses in Shillong and Tura, including 25 academic departments and six centres of studies.NEHU, which has around 54 affiliated colleges under it, has around 26,424 students pursing their studies under its guidance. It also hosts the prestigious Rajiv Gandhi Chair and is identified for affiliating minority institutions.\"The university also has a SC-ST cell, grievance cell, hindi cell, statistics cell and most importantly, a women's cell in place. It has reserved seats for SC, ST and physically challenged candidates,\" a senior professor said.The varsity, which plans to strengthen studies on NER with particular emphasis on history, culture, anthropology, sociology, economy and commerce, languages and literature, may also act as a coordinating institution or planning body for education in the northeastern region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14967568", "title": "Disappointed but not at all disheartened: Kavita Raut", "text": "NASHIK: After her disappointing and disastrous Olympic qualifying experience in the last and final chance for the 10,000m running event in Italy on July 8, a distraught Kavita Raut returned to her hometown Nashik yesterday evening. Along with her coach Veejendra Singh, Raut spoke about the traumatic experience and her future in a candid conversation.\"I am disappointed but not at all disheartened because this was my first experience and if I remain as fit as I am now, the next Olympics will be within my reach, though I will be 32 by that time,\" said Kavita. Singh said, \"Most of the women athletes like Shiny Abraham, Anju Bobby George and others gave their best after they crossed 30. Marriage too did not come in their way. If the spirit is willing no one can stop Kavita from shining even more.\"\"The moment I landed here, I told sir that from tomorrow I will start practising and my next target is the open national championship starting from September 10. The world championship and the Asian championship are my next targets in 2013,\" said the adivasi girl from the Sawarpada village in Javwhar district.Talking about what went wrong in the qualifying round, she said, \"Our coach, Claudio Bera of Italy, who has produced 10 Olympic medalists so far in his career, took over barely six months ago when the earlier coach Nikiloi of Belarus did not continue. It was a race against time for the new coach, who tried his level best but it was too much to expect from him in such a short period. But I think he is the best thing to happen to Indian athletics. I will prefer him as my coach in future too.\"\"He had no alternative but to overload us as he was given the huge task of producing Olympians. The extra load undid us as our bodies were not used to it. Remember, not only myself but Preeja, Sudha and Sinimole all failed to qualify due to this,\" Kavita added.\"I was dejected immediately after I gave up and for two days I was not in a proper frame of mind, but now I have completely come out of the nightmarish experience and am looking towards the future with renewed zeal and confidence,\" she added.Coach Veejendra Singh who runs the SAI Athletic Centre at the Bhosala Miltary Ground, in Nashik for the last 15 years appealed to the Nashikites to understand the hard life of an athlete 7 come forward for support like Mahindra and Mahindra, Bhujbal Foundation and the Bhosala Military School are doing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14970941", "title": "India\u2019s aircraft carrier ambitions take a dive", "text": "NEW DELHI: Just when the US is seeking to \"rebalance'' 60% of its formidable naval fleet towards the Asia-Pacific region, and China steams ahead to commission its first aircraft carrier this year, India's long-standing aim to operate two full-blown carrier battle groups (CBGs) by 2015 has taken a huge hit.Construction schedule of the 40,000-tonne indigenous aircraft carrier (IAC), being built at Cochin Shipyard in defence minister AK Antony's home state, has \"slipped another three years'' behind the already-revised timelines.\"The fact is IAC will not be ready anytime before 2017. In a recent high-level meeting, the Cochin Shipyard was sharply pulled up for this huge delay,'' said a defence ministry source.The barely one-third finished IAC, to be christened INS Vikrant after the country's first carrier decommissioned in 1997, currently stands forlornly next to the bridge connecting Cochin Shipyard to the naval base there.\"IAC, whose keel was laid in February 2009, was to be 'launched' with a weight of around 25,000 tonnes by October 2010. But that is yet to happen. Prematurely floated out of the dry dock last December due to delays in gear boxes and other systems, IAC is just about 14,000 tonnes at present,'' he said.The first contract for IAC till its \"launch'', sanctioned in 2002-2003, was pegged at Rs 3,261 crore. But there has been a huge cost escalation since then, with the second contract from \"launch to completion'' yet to be even inked.This effectively torpedoes Navy's plan to have two potent CBGs by 2015. CBGs or carrier strike groups, capable of travelling 600 nautical miles a day with accompanying destroyers, frigates, submarines, tankers, fighters and other aircraft, project raw offensive power like nothing else around the globe.As per plans, India's first CBG is to be centered on the 44,570-tonne INS Vikramaditya, or the refitted Admiral Gorshkov, which will be inducted by early-2013 under the revised $2.33 billion deal inked with Russia.The second CBG was to revolve around the IAC. But Navy will now have to further stretch the operational life of its present solitary carrier, the 28,000-tonne INS Viraat, beyond 2014. Already over 50 years old, Viraat is also relatively toothless with just 11 Sea Harrier jump-jets left to operate from its deck. The 45 MiG-29K naval fighters, being procured from Russia for $2 billion, can operate only from Vikramaditya and IAC.All this when US is going to deploy at least six of its 11 CBGs - each carrier is over 94,000 tonnes and can operate 80-90 fighters -- in the Asia-Pacific region. China, too, is moving fast ahead, holding aircraft carriers are \"symbols of a great nation''.China will take a few years to master CBG operations after it commissions its first carrier, the 67,500-tonne Varyag, undergoing sea trials at present. But it has an ongoing robust programme to build \"multiple carriers'' in the decade ahead.India also has a 65,000-tonne IAC-II on the drawing board but the delay in IAC-I has derailed it. The 260-metre-long IAC-I is supposed to carry 12 MiG-29Ks, eight Tejas Light Combat Aircraft and 10 anti-submarine and reconnaissance helicopters on its 2.5-acre flight deck and hangars.With a crew of 160 officers and 1,400 sailors, IAC will have an endurance of around 7,500 nautical miles at 18 knots, powered by four American LM2500 gas turbines. It will be capable of a maximum speed of 28 knots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14974775", "title": "Collegium needed to select EC: SY Quraishi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former chief election commissioner SY Quraishi on Monday favoured the setting up of a collegium to appoint election commissioners, saying it will be a \"good move\" which will put an end to allegations of \"favouritism\" towards ruling dispensation against them.Speaking at a seminar on electoral reforms, Quraishi, who retired last month, said an election commissioner would feel \"more powerful\" if a collegium appoints him. \"This (collegium) would eliminate such allegations since election commisioners would be nominated by the leader of the opposition and Chief Justice of India. I would feel more powerful if a collegium selects me.\"BJP leader L K Advani had last month written to PM Manmohan Singh to constitute such a collegium. Claiming that the present selection process is vulnerable to \"manipulation,\" Advani had said the present system where ECs are appointed by the President \"solely on PM's advice does not evoke confidence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14994784", "title": "Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa writes to PM on training to Sri Lankan defence personnel", "text": "CHENNAI: Once again condemning the Centre for its alleged callous and adamant attitude in imparting training for Sri Lankan Air Force personnel, Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalithaa demanded they be sent back to their country immediately. \"The people of Tamil Nadu are frustrated and outraged by this callous and adamant attitude of the Government of India in persistently giving training to personnel belonging to the Sri Lankan armed forces in India,\" she said in a strongly-worded letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday.\"Imparting training to personnel belonging to the Sri Lankan armed forces in defence training institutions in India and allowing them to visit Tamil Nadu reveals the utter disrespect shown to the sentiments of the people of the state,\" the chief minister said.Air Vice-Marshal Jegath Julanga Diaz of the Sri Lankan armed forces and Rear Admiral S Ranasinghe of the Lankan navy are undergoing training at the National Defence Academy in New Delhi, and 25 other trainees belonging to various countries had arrived at Coonoor in the Nilgiris district in Tamil Nadu to visit the Defence Service Staff College, she said.Jayalalithaa requested the PM to give suitable instructions to the ministry of defence to desist from giving any training to personnel belonging to the Sri Lankan armed forces anywhere in India and to send such personnel back to Sri Lanka immediately.She said the Tamil Nadu Assembly had passed a resolution last year demanding action against those charged with war crimes in the island nation during the peak of internal conflict and economic embargo on Colombo by India to ensure it acted fast in rehabilitating the internally displaced Tamils lodged in camps there.\"Tamils across the world feel that the sentiments of the Tamils have been trampled upon by the Government of India not only by its inaction on this resolution, but also by continuing to give preferential treatment by way of providing technical training to defence personnel belonging to Sri Lanka,\" Jayalalithaa said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14971801", "title": "Jaswant or Sharad for VP race? NDA to decide today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even while toying with the idea of making senior leader Jaswant Singh contest for the post of vice-president, BJP is not likely to take any decision until it has full knowledge of the likely stand of regional satraps Mamata Banerjee , J Jayalalitha and Naveen Patnaik. Sources said the NDA meeting on Monday morning will take a call on whether or not to formally announce the candidature of Singh who seems to be keen to contest.While BJP is said to have even contemplated fielding NDA convener and JD(U) leader Sharad Yadav, he refused to talk about it saying the picture would become clear only after the meeting on Monday. Yadav, however, did say that the vice-presidential polls were different from the elections for president in which JD(U) has gone its own way by supporting Pranab Mukherjee.\"The issue of vice-presidential election and Pranab Mukherjee are separate. I have never supported Congress's political line since I joined politics. We have supported Mukherjee for his political experience only,\" Yadav told reporters. This has been interpreted by some as an indication of support for BJP in case it decides to contest but Yadav did not confirm this saying that all options were still open.Later in the evening, he told TOI that it would be wrong to say BJP had already made up its mind to contest and that the final decision would be taken only after the meeting. Shiv Sena has already announced support for the NDA candidate.Sources said that with Banerjee's choice Gopal Gandhi declining to contest, Jaswant may have to take the field if Jayalalitha and Patnaik fail to come up with a candidate to put up a token fight.PM Manmohan Singh had called Yadav for JD(U) support but he remained non-committal. UPA candidate Hamid Ansari can sail through even without support from Banerjee, one of the reasons why Yadav doesn't seem keen to contest. While BJP's Najma Heptullah too is said to be keen to contest, sources said the outcome would hinge on the stand taken by smaller parties like Patnaik's BJD and Jayalalitha's AIADMK. \"The party may decide to support their candidate to ensure a decent contest,\" said a leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14968926", "title": "A ride to remember", "text": "By Harpreet SandhuI got the rare opportunity to view the spectacular Harley Davidson Europe 2012 Rally held at the side of Rhine river at Rudesheim, Germany, on June 6.Interacting with thousands of Harley Davidson riders from all over Europe was a unique experience as I realized how passionate these people were for their bikes and how much they knew about the machine's functioning. There were more than 50,000 different models, colour and shapes of Harley Davidson bikes at one place - a memorable sight.The rally was very well organized as anybody on the road could view and cheer up participants. The Germans gave the riders a brilliant reception, holding glasses of wine and champagne and toasting to the rally.As the bikers vroomed away, the surroundings were more than perfect - the serene Rhine, vineyards, mountains, autobahn highways and the breathtaking hills. Adding adventure to the event were motocross races, custom-bike shows, rock concerts, drag racing, tattoo art, photography, art exhibits and bike customization.I was lucky to have a ridden on one of the newest models of Harley Davidson during the rally, and the feeling of feeling the breeze in the hair amid the extraordinary locales was just beyond description.A participant from Holland put it just right: \"Riding a Harley Davidson, meeting new friends, discovering other countries and cultures - this is what the rally is all about.\"Harpreet Sandhu is senior advocate at Punjab and Haryana high court and former additional advocate general of Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14972807", "title": "Ham radio to link Ahmedabad students with Sunita Williams", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If all goes well for the Gujarat Science City officials, the institute will establish amateur radio contact with International Space Station (ISS) where Indian-American astronaut Sunita Williams will be stationed for four months. The state students might be able to talk to Williams directly about her experience. The science city officials have initiated communication with National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) authorities for the project.Williams, who is also the commander for expedition 33, along with her two colleagues Yuri Malenchenko of the Russian Federal Space Agency and Akihiko Hoshide of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency took off for her second space odyssey on Sunday morning with a Russian Soyuz rocket, which blasted off successfully from Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan . The Soyuz TMA spacecraft is due to dock with the ISS's Zvezda service module at 10.22 am IST on Tuesday.Ham radio or amateur radio is frequently used for the communication from space to earth and vice versa and in the past, many of the astronauts stationed at ISS have had talks with students narrating their experiences and answering their queries. So far, India has not been part of the movement but the science city officials are hopeful of getting through.Narottam Sahoo, senior scientist at the science city, said that they are in process of contacting NASA for linking contact with the ISS. \"It will be part of global education system where students are made aware about science with hands-on experience. We had a successful demonstration on amateur radio at the science city and are now awaiting the opportunity to talk. The ISS passes above India for 92 minutes everyday. If we got the link with the support of NASA's science outreach programme, it would be a great opportunity for our students to learn,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14994201", "title": "Those involved in JKCA scam will be brought to justice: Farooq", "text": "SRINAGAR: Union minister Farooq Abdullah on Monday said people involved in the Jammu and Kashmir Cricket Association (JKCA) scam will be brought to justice.\"The investigation into the scam is going on and whosoever is the culprit will be punished,\" Abdullah told reporters here after inaugurating a cricket tournament.He admitted that the investigations were slow in the case but assured that everyone involved in the scam will be exposed and brought to book.\"Since money has come into JKCA, the situation has gone bad...everyone wants a share of the pie but everyone will be exposed,\" he said.A multi-crore embezzlement scam was unearthed in the J-K Cricket Association earlier this year. Besides, an in-house inquiry, police is also investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14968133", "title": "Politics over tribal votes heats up as Sangma arrives in Jaipur today", "text": "JAIPUR: Visit of the Opposition's presidential candidate P A Sangma on Monday has triggered a off the tug of war over the tribal votes of the state's legislators and members of parliament. Former BJP minister and now an independent MP from Dausa, Kirorilal Meena has approached the public representatives from the tribal belt, requesting them to support Sangma.Sangma would be in the state capital as part of his campaigning on Monday. He would interact with the media at the state BJP headquarters, after which he would meet the members of BJP legislative committee. Sangma would also visit Meena at the latter's residence.Though chances of cross-voting in both the camps are dim, speculations over the same have been making frequent rounds in the political circles. Both the camps have claimed more votes than the respective party's figures for their candidate. Reports suggest that Meena had written letters to these public representatives including 31 legislators from the tribal belt of the state. Of the 31, 21 belong to Congress, four to BJP while one each from JD(U) and SP while one is independent.When contacted, Meena admitted that communication with them was on. \"Sangma is a strong and better candidate. This is the first time that the tribals are being approached with a request. The government has done quite for the tribals and this is a chance for them to extend support to a candidate who also comes from the same background,'' said Meena.While Meena seems to be doing all the hard work to get some additional votes for Sangma, the state BJP is keeping low and watching the show. The party leaders are happy about Meena, a BJP rebel himself, running the show.Deputy leader of opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari said that there were chances of cross-voting in the Congress camp and certain Congress legislators from the tribal belt might vote in favour of Sangma. \"Independent MP Kirorilal Meena is the one who is talking to them,'' said Tiwari, when asked about the party's plans to win tribal votes.State party spokesperson Sunil Bhargav said that Meena's attempts to get additional votes should have nothing to do with the party. \"The additional votes are welcomed but the party has nothing to do with Meena's votes. It is he who keeps talking about third-front and support beyond party lines, so this is an opportunity for him to prove a point,'' said Bhargav.The Congress legislators, though, denied of having received any letter from Meena. \"We have not received any letter and there is no question of supporting Sangma,'' said Basanti Devi Meena, Salumber (Udaipur) MLA.Sources in the BJP admit the party has no choice but to let Meena take a lead as he hold a better hold. Moreover, this is seen as a litmus test for the independent MP who has been talking about forming the third-front. Meena also share good equations with several senior BJP leaders at the national level and his attempts for additional votes for Sangma is also viewed as an attempt by him to prove his reach and stature in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "14967876", "title": "Ajmer jail inmate uploads photos on Facebook; raid on", "text": "AJMER: The central jail administration here on Sunday began a search operation inside the prison to locate mobile handsets after reports of jail pictures being uploaded to social networking site Facebook by an undertrial prisoner.Officials of the administration were, however, tightlipped on the issue and did not disclose if there were any seizures.Prisoners using mobile phones at the central jail, which houses terrorists like Jalees Ansari and criminal Dhan Singh, have been reported since the last three years and dozens of handsets were seized in the past.These incidents have been attributed to constant delays in installing telephone booths and CCTV cameras inside the jail premises, prompting the prisoners to smuggle in mobile phones and sim cards. In some cases, it was found that some criminals operate their gangs sitting behind bars and making big money through mobile phones.\"We keep every check possible on prisoners when they step inside the bars but still they found ways of carrying a mobile handset inside,\" an official said.Sunday's operation started when it was found that photographs of Kashmir Singh Lamba, who is accused of disturbing peace in Kishangargh marble area after the murder of a labourer Shiv Raj Jat, were loaded from jail through a mobile handset on his facebook. The photographs showed the cell, activities of other prisoners and there was comments by friends listed in the account.The jail officials said projects for installing CCTV cameras and public telephone both inside the jail are in the pipeline but still they remain vigil to prevent smuggling of electronic devices. Even top officials from Jaipur inspected the Ajmer central jail and worked out a plan to prevent taking of mobile phones inside the jail premises.Around two years back, the authorities took a serious note when when a call from the central jail as traced to Pakistan and more than three dozen mobile handsets and sim cards were found in cells in the raids that followed. \"They hide sim cards in holes of walls of their cells and put mobile handsets in bathrooms. They use every method possible to keep these devices safe,\" an official of the jail said.Officials have also pointed out at the possibilities bribing administration people to let the prisoners smuggle mobile handsets and sim cards in false heels of slippers while going to court and back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "14972318", "title": "60 yrs on, electricity still eludes residents of Sindri village", "text": "SINDRI: They live on the outskirts of one of the best-maintained colonies of Dhanbad district. But the living conditions of the Jamadoba village residents, situated near Sindri cement works of ACC has not changed over the years.Nearly 150 families residing in the village are yet to be electrified. The village falls under Dhanbad Municipal Corporation but enjoys no road connectivity to the thorough fares of the district.The village land was acquired by the Sindri fertilizer factory management and those coming here in search of job settled here, informed Muskan, adding that all of them were living there for the last 60 years. While hundreds of bulbs and high mast lights illuminate the ACC colony, our children still study live in darkness. \"Living in electricity is probably the biggest dream of our children,\" he added. \"I was born in darkness and I think I will die without power in my home,\" said septuagenarian Sheoshankar Pandey. Echoing similar sentiments, 70-year-old Ramavati Devi said that all she wants was to see her grandchildren studying in a school and living in electrified house.We have been pitching for electricity since long and nearly 62 families have deposited money with the JSEB for power connectiong but despite carrying out a survey, the state electricity board is not providing us power as both the ACC and Sindri fertilizer factory management is not allowing them to do so, informed Vinod. \"There is a primary school in the village with one para-teacher and the state government has even sanctioned funds for construction of a school building but the work has bee put on hold due to objections from the ACC management,\" he added. Jamadoba is not the only village situated acquired by the Sindri fertilizer factory.There are nearly 26 villages situated on the factory land, but they don't face similar plight, villagers said. If it is an unauthorized village, why is it listed under DMC, they questioned. The villagers had even gheraoed the JSEB office on 9th of April last and the Balaipur circle officer Hema Prasad had assured to talk to higher district officials and sort the issues but of no avail, informed Raju Pandey of Jharkhand Sangram Samittee.When contacted, JSEB junior engineer Kameshwar Thakur admitted that the villagers have deposited money for power connection in 2005 but the management of the fertilizer and cement factories objected to it.He, however, had no reply to how other villages situated on the factory land were allotted power connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14970484", "title": "New drip irrigation method for sugarcane farming gains popularity", "text": "MADURAI: A new system of drip irrigation, developed exclusively for the cultivation of sugarcane by a team of scientists at the Agriculture College and Research Institute (ACRI), is gaining popularity among the farmers in Madurai and Sivaganga districts. Even though the team developed the method a year ago, it is widely becoming popular among the sugarcane farmers now mainly due to delay in the southwest monsoon.According to the new system, a six-foot gap is laid between each row where the seed-sticks are planted. \"The six-foot space is necessary for drip irrigation and mechanised farming. A long plastic pipe will be laid on the space available between the two rows with emitters between a 60-cm gap, to help irrigate the root zone of the plants. This ensures the water and fertiliser reach the roots directly. The new method will help farmers cultivate sugarcane in places where water level is low,\" said S Krishnasamy, chief scientist, ACRI, who led the team comprising scientists P P Mahendran, R Babu and A Guruswamy, in developing the new method.While the traditional belts produce 40 tonnes of sugarcane per hectare, the productivity will touch 80 tonnes per hectare in the new areas where the method is implemented. The reason, according to Babu, is simple: farmers in the new areas practice the modern technology. \"There is only a three-foot space given between each row in the traditional methods. Once the plants grow, it will be difficult for one to enter and spray fertilisers on them. In many cases, fertilisers sprayed on the top of the plants may not reach the root. The wide spacing in the new system will solve this in a great way where fertilisers are mixed with water and irrigated through the emitters directly to the roots,\" says Babu.Muruganandam, a farmer in Sivaganga, who recently adopted the new drip irrigation method in his sugarcane farm, said it was tussle-free. \"The new method is very useful. I don't have to spray fertilisers on top of the plants. I can even drive machines through the extra six-foot space given between each row. Since the emitters given on the pipe ensure proper supply of water to the root, there is no wastage of water,\" says Muruganandam.Another advantage of wide spacing is that the farmer can give fertiliser mixed water to the plants in 240 days during the one-year crop yield period. \"In the traditional way of farming, the fertiliser is sprayed only 33 times during the crop period. But according to the new system, one can give even 240 days of fertiliser shot,\" says Guruswamy, another scientist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14972178", "title": "People carry misconceptions about plastic surgery: Doctor", "text": "RANCHI: 'Plastic surgery is not all about cosmetic surgery' was the message passed to the people of Jharkhand in the wake of \" World Plastic Surgery Day\" on Sunday.On this occasion, Dr Anant Sinha, plastic surgeon and CEO of Dev Kamal hospital said, \"People are not aware about this surgery and carry misconceptions that it's all about cosmetic surgery. We want to break this myth.\"They need to understand that the surgery is not just about scar removal but goes beyond that. In case of 100% burns or injury, plastic surgery often comes to rescue.\"He also said, \"We want to tell people that plastic surgery is affordable and available in the state of Jharkhand besides other metropolitan cities.\" On this occasion, three free of cost surgeries were performed for the financially deprived.Ajay Nath Sahdeo, deputy mayor of Ranchi, met the patients and also inaugurated a trauma unit in the hospital. Earlier there has been serious cases where free of cost surgeries took place.\"We had called brother of Sonali Mukherjee, sexual abuse and acid attack victim from Dhanbad and offered free surgery so that she is accepted in the society,\" said Sinha. The surgeon said that if things work fine, they will launch a booklet most probably on July 20 to raise the level of awareness among common man on plastic surgery.\"The awareness level is very poor in the state. There are three medical colleges in the state but there is no such course offered to students regarding plastic surgery so we will take up the matter and spread awareness.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14967416", "title": "Here\u2019s what Dabangg can teach you", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Hollywood films teach collective leadership and Bollywood flicks are full of individuals who lead, says an Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) study. So, Salman Khan's shirt ripping scene in Dabangg may have been entertaining for most, but, such scenes also offer important management lessons to students and corporates, says a paper by Bharathan Kandasw- amy, faculty of contemporary film industry course at IIM-A.Many Hollywood classics like 'The Hunt for Red October', 'Hoosiers', '12 Angry Men' and 'Apollo 13' are about leaders and teams brilliantly improvising their way through an unprecedented crisis. These movies suggest that an organization can have the best of procedures, systems and expert staff, but crises don't play by the rules.\"Films have always provided unforgettable lessons for anyone who seeks to lead. Both Hollywood and Bollywood films show us many unconventional approaches to crisis management. The only difference is that while a Bollywood hero would use a horse to destroy a villain, Hollywood would use a helicopter,\" says Kandaswamy.Such lessons are usually gleaned from the main characters in the film, who demonstrate unique qualities of vision, motivation and teamwork. However, most Hindi films highlight individual heroism as against collective leadership highlighted in English films.Comparing Hollywood classics with Hindi films, Kandaswamy says that a film like Ra.One is an example of how most Indian films concentrate on building up the herioism of an individual star, where the script may also take a beating.\"The shirt tear-off scene in Dabangg is an example of how one needs to think out-of-the-box and take risks with the script. Creating the vision for an organisation is about following your hunch,\" Kandaswamy adds.The paper titled 'Leadership Lessons Through Movies: Reel to Real' picks a lesson from the film '12 Angry Men'. \"The film teaches a practical leadership lesson\u2014so relevant in today's business and societal environment. It is not enough to change the opinions and behaviour of others: that is mere management. Only when others are influenced sufficiently to change, has real leadership taken place.\"A film like 'Chak De! India' teaches management dynamics and how competitors behave. Jim Lowell's ( Tom Hanks ) eerie radio transmission \" Houston, we have a problem\" in Apollo 13,\" has become a popular statement for crisis management in the classrooms of business schools, says Kandaswamy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "14969022", "title": "No fogging done in most posh areas", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: Monsoon is synonymous to a spurt in vector and water-borne diseases in the city, but the health department has not even started fogging to keep epidemics at bay. Predictably, the department has made many plans at various meetings that have not gone beyond being on paper.Residents of posh areas like Sarabha Nagar rue that very little has been done in the name of pre-monsoon preparedness. Even fogging machine that helps keep a check on mosquitoes has not been seen by anyone this season.Charu Gupta, wife of a businessman Puneet Gupta of Sarabha Nagar A Block, said, \"For the last few years we have not seen any health officials visiting here to ensure that preventive measures are taken. The assurances just remain on papers and rarely translate into action and the risk remains.\"Tejinder Singh, a businessman and resident of Sarabha Nagar B Block, said, \"Last year there were about a dozen cases of people falling sick in the area, yet the department has failed to learn a lesson. Monsoon has started but not a single health official has checked the area. Will it take an epidemic for authorities to roll up their sleeves and take action?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14967176", "title": "Techie on trek goes missing from Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: A 24-year-old software engineer who was on a trekking expedition to Bannerghatta Biological Park (BBP) with his two friends went missing on Saturday.Police and forest department personnel have begun combing BBP but there is no sign of the missing youth, Sadvik Shastry, so far.An employee of New Sigma Software Solutions, Sadvik is the son of Usha Shastry, senior scientist with Isro, and resident of Panduranganagar, near JP Nagar. His father Dinesh Shastry runs an accounting and network security firm.Accompanied by his friends, Ashish and Anupam, Sadvik left his house on Saturday and reached Bannerghatta around 2 pm. They parked their bikes near Ragihalli village near Bannerghatta and entered the forest.After crossing a forest patch, they reached Kasavanahalli. As it was getting dark, they decided to return to Ragihalli.\"On our way back, Sadvik said he wanted to answer nature's call. He told us to carry on and that he would join us soon. Within five minutes, we stopped when he did not return,\" Ashish said.Ashish told police that they trekked in Bannerghatta often. Anupam searched in vain for Sadvik for over an hour. \"We then headed to Kasavanahalli where villagers called police,\" Anupam said.Police and foresters searched for Sadvik on Saturday night. The search was escalated into a full-fledged operation on Sunday morning and by afternoon three teams were involved.Principal conservator of forests AK Varma said a relative called him up around 11 am after which the search was intensified.The rain on Sunday made the operation difficult. Police said at least 10-12 elephants will be in the forest at any point of time. \"We have been told that there are wild animals where he was lost. We hope he is safe,\" Dinesh Shastry told TOI.'Survival is easy'Spread over 25,000 acres, Bannerghatta Biological Park has an elephant corridor linking to B R Hills and Sathyamangalam forests and extending all the way up to Waynad in KeralaYet, forest officials are optimistic that Sadvik Shastry would not be in serious problem.\"There are villages and one has to walk for two hours to get out of the forest. Survival for one day inside the dense forest is not a problem, but we don't know with what intention this person has gone inside the forest,\" said a local forest official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14972810", "title": "Vigilant residents thwart theft attempt in Vasna", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The local residents at Vasna prevented a theft from taking place in a jewellery shop in Vasna early on Sunday morning. Vejalpur police officials have started the search for the gang members on the basis of the description provided by eye-witnesses.Vinod Soni, a resident of Madhav Apartment near Prajapati Garden in Vasna, who owns Tirupati Jewellers, got a call at 4 am on Sunday informing that somebody had tried to burgle his shop and also fired a bullet in air.\"When Soni reached the spot, he was told that four men, all in twenties and thirties, had come in a silver Maruti Esteem car. After parking the car across the shop's shutter, they broke the locks on the shutter and also managed to raise the shutter halfway,\" said a Vejalpur police official. \"Some residents, who were sleeping outside, sensed the movement and confronted them. The men tried to flee from the spot, but the residents refused to let them go.\"At that time, one of the men extracted gun and fired a round in the air to threaten the residents and zoomed off in direction of Jivraj Mehta hospital. Soni reported that nothing was stolen from his shop.Police officials said that they suspect it to be handiwork of a gang active in western city parts. \"Last week a similar incident was reported in Ghatlodia where thieves used a car as getaway vehicle. We believe it to be the same gang,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "14972220", "title": "Landslides cripple traffic in the Hills", "text": "DARJEELING: Incessant rainfall led to landslides on Saturday night at several places along the Pankahabri and Rohini roads in Kurseong subdivision, disrupting traffic to the Hills from the plains. A total of four landslides occurred along Pankhabari road since Sunday morning, said sources from the district administration. last night caused landslide at several places along the Pankhabari and Rohini roads in Kurseong sub-division disrupting traffic to the hills from the plains.According to the district administration, four landslides occurred along the Pankhabari road early in the morning. Another landslide on the Rohini route forced the administration to divert traffic to the Hills via Tindharia and Mirik.The district administration swung into action and managed to clear the Rohini road which after repair was opened to vehicles, earlier this month. All the vehicles coming from Siliguri to Kurseong were allowed to take the Rohini route but those going to Darjeeling were made to detour via Mirik which is a longer.Restoration work has been going on in full swing and the administration has managed to clear Rohini road which was under repair and had open to traffic only earlier this month. Though vehicles coming to Kurseong from Siliguri were allowed to take the Rohini route, those headed to Darjeeling were diverted via Mirik and Tindharia.Though work is underway, authorities feel that clearing work is in full swing at the landslide spots but it may take some time before the road is restored to normalcy. Two of the landslide hit areas are yet to be cleared. WithNational Highway 55, the arterial link of the Hills closed for over two years due to landslides, the only way to Darjeeling was via the Pankhabari road. The Rohini road was under construction for the past few months. NH 55 was badly damaged massively near 14th Mile in Ghayabari in Kurseong sub-division by a major landslide. Luckily, no lives were lost. Though, several rounds of Inspections have been conducted by highway, railway and district officials but the road is yet to be restored.Late in the afternoon, half of the road collapsed at Giddepahar also in Kurseong sub-division affecting vehicular movement via Tindhria. The administration has allowed movement of only small vehicles on the road.The district administration though is keeping is on the alert and keeping a close watch.\"There were landslides in some parts of Kurseong sub-division especially on the roads. We have managed to clear some and effort is on to restore vehicular movement completely,\" said a senior official.On Sunday, rain continued to lash the Hills. No incident of landslide was, however, reported from the sub-divisions of Kalimpong and Darjeeling.Rain continued through out the day today but no incidents of landslide were reported from the sub-divisions of Kalimpong and Darjeeling.Though there were no reports of loss of life from any of the landslide hit areas but a small shop at Giddepahar was partially damaged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14970891", "title": "Mr CM, gardens in your neighbourhood stink", "text": "HUBLI: People's expectations from Jagadish Shettar, the new chief minister from this part of the state, are huge. Faced with a long and growing list of priorities and a rather short tenure, Shettar, no doubt, has a daunting task ahead. And the CM had better begin his agenda from his own neighbourhood, where gardens and empty sites lay ignored, stinking the whole area out.Garbage mounds welcome you at the three corporation gardens in Banashankari layout, Vinay colony and Parsawadi of Keshwapur area in Hubli. These gardens are not developed fully, though the space was earmarked by the corporation while carving out the layouts. There are no compound walls surrounding the gardens. Garbage is being thrown in these gardens indiscriminately while the corporation does not give a hoot. And what's more, all the three gardens are hardly 100-200 meters away from new CM Jagadish Shettar's house.Not just gardens, even empty sites in these areas have turned dump yards. The HDMC has not provided enough number of garbage containers to these areas. Hence people end up dumping garbage on empty sites and inside the gardens. This has resulted in increased population of dogs and pigs in the area.Speaking to TOI, Pavan Pawar, a resident of the Vinay colony said, \"Children in our colony go to the corporation garden to play cricket and other games. But they are terrified out of their wits by the huge pigs. All our efforts to bring the issue to the notice of the corporation have gone in vain. We sincerely hope that the new CM will take up the issue and provide residents better living environs.\"Jagadish Shettar's house is at Madhura colony of Keshwapur area. Shettar used to go for his morning walks in these areas.CORPORATORSPEAKCorporator Hoovappa Dayagodi said that all the gardens in these layouts are being developed with Rs 60 lakh fund. After the construction of compound walls, gardening work will start. \"We hope more funds will flow for the development of these gardens,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14990977", "title": "Parambrata to don director's hat again", "text": "After the success of 'Kahaani' and \"Baishe Shraban\" in Bengali, Parambrata Chattopadhyay is now donning the director's hat once again.He had directed a film earlier \"Jio Kaka\", but that did not click with the audience.This time, he said, he is very keen that \" Hawa Badal\" , whose story revolves around two long-lost friends and cast includes Raima Sen , finds success.\"Yes 'Kahaani' happened and made history. My role was noticed. In fact, the intervening one-year period between my two directorial ventures is very eventful, during which I did films like Baishe Srabon and Hemlock Society, \" Parambrata told PTI.\"I feel every individual shares some personality traits with his alter ego of yesteryear. It has autobiographical elements, but again there are fictionalised accounts,\" he said.On roping in Raima for 'Hawa Badal' , produced by RTC Entertainment Pvt Ltd, Parambrata said, \"We are good friends. When I conceived the role, none but Raima's image came to my mind. She had also been my co-star in Baishe Srabon .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14969351", "title": "Applicants mob train, push around passengers", "text": "PANCHKULA: Candidates who were in the city to appear for the railway recruitment exam mobbed a train at the railway station at 12.30pm on Sunday. Many of them climbed up on the roof of the train jostling for a foothold on the train. It was only after the police and the GRP intervened and asked them to come down was the situation brought under control. Five special trains were run for them but the candidates thinking that there was only one train tried to get on to it. Over 70,000 candidates had descended on the city for the exam.As the applicants crowded the platform, other passengers were inconvenienced and many of them got jostled too. \"There is no system. The authorities should have anticipated such a thing happening and taken steps to ensure that it did not. I was waiting at the platform with my kids for another train and suddenly I saw thousands of candidates rushing towards the train, getting jostled in the processs. Thankfully my children were not hurt,\" said Sarika Dhiman, a resident of Sector 34, Chandigarh.\"A woman who had come to see off her relatives at the station had a tough time finding her way through the crowd as the platform was crowded with railway exam candidates,\" said Darshan Paul Singh, head constable, while adding that \"some of them got into the AC coach of a train that was not meant for them. The pasenagers in the coach called the security staff and we forced them to step out of the coach.\"\"We specially had five additional trains running on Sunday for the candidates. The first train from Chandigarh to Saharanpur was to start at 3.30pm but it reached the platform at 12.30pm and the candidates thinking that it was the only train and was about to leave the station, climbed on to its roof,\" said station superintendent Praveen Kumar .He added, \"It was after the police and GRP intervened that they were asked to come down and were told that there are five trains for them. All were in a hurry to get home early.\"The candidates had their exam from 10am to 12noon.Five trains- Chandigarh to Saharanpur, Chandigarh to Amritsar, two trains to Delhi and one to Jagadri were run especially for the candidates on Sunday.\"I was amazed to see people sitting on the roof of the train even as the train was moving. The railway officials should have done something to stop such a thing from happening, and that too at the Chandigarh railway station, which is considered to be one of the most systematic stations in the country,\" said Anita Rani, a tourist.\"We tried our best to provide a peaceful atmosphere and all amenities, besides security to the passengers,\" said Kumar.Din rulesThe presence of thousands of candidates for the railway recruitment exam at various places in the city caused a lot of commotion. \"A bunch of people, who seemed to have come from outside the city, gathered around my home on late Saturday night. Fearing that they might be thieves, I informed my neighbours, resulting in a commotion in our locality,\" said Amit Sehgal, a resident of Sector 15, Chandigarh. \"I wanted to get some sound sleep after a tiring week but I could not a wink as these candidates gathered in front of my home and kept shouting and talking loudly all the time,\" said Amitesh Kumar, a resident of Sector 40, Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chandimandir", "code": "14969542", "title": "Caddies save fawn from fiendish dogs", "text": "CHANDIMANDIR: These dogs were certainly barking up the wrong tee. A pack of five strays nearly claimed an umpteenth kill at the huge pond that flanks the 10th hole green at the Army's picturesque Shiwalik Golf Course (SGC). A pair of alert caddies courageously intervened to save a sambhar fawn so viciously mauled by dogs that its lower jaw had been ripped clean to the denture and its spine raked from end-to-end with dog bites.Just after 2pm on Saturday, caddies Om Prakash and Charanjit Yadav were scaling the hilly SGC towards the 11th hole tee, sweating profusely under the sultry sun. That's when they saw a fawn in the water. Having seen dogs kill fawns here with macabre routine, the caddies suspected something amiss when the fawn did not move in the water despite them shouting loudly at it. Hailing from Uttar Pradesh, these two migrant boys come from families deeply steeped in the religio-cultural practice of respecting all living creatures. Yadav, the son of peasants, recalls that his father would not let him even kill a snake that had entered their village home.\"We could see from far that the ears of the fawn were twitching. Both of us took golf clubs, climbed down from the jetty and went along the jungles bordering the pond. When we got near the fawn, we saw how terribly mangled its face was. After a while, it made a dash for the jungle. Immediately, a pack of five dogs lurking in the shade nearby went for the fawn. While I ran after the fawn to protect it, Prakash chased the dogs. However, the dogs were barking furiously and would have attacked Prakash had he not been holding the golf club in his hand ,\" Yadav told TOI.An angelic intervention gave the fawn a slim chance at survival but its mouth is all but gone and it may not be able to eat grass. Stray dogs have steadily spread from the 10th tee pond to the nallahs and jungles in the 13-14-15th holes complex where red jungle fowls, peacocks, partridges, sambhars and rock pythons breed peacefully. Dogs have laid fresh litters in these very jungles. Army authorities are hard-pressed to find a solution to these unnatural predators, which are not wild dogs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14968707", "title": "Harnaut coach factory to be functional by September", "text": "PATNA: The coach maintenance workshop at Harnaut in Nalanda district, the home district of chief minister Nitish Kumar , has started intermediate overhauling work. Though this project has been delayed due to some technical problems, railways is committed to make it functional in a full-fledged manner from September this year to carry out periodical overhauling (POH) of passenger coaches. This will be the second major project of railways to be made functional after the wheel factory at Belapur, Chhapra in Bihar.According to the chief administrative officer (CAO) of the workshop, Rajiv Misra, railways has completed the entire civil work related to the project. East Central Railway (ECR) has been handed over the charge of sheet metal shop, bogie repair shop, wheel axle shop, bogie repair shop and administrative block (IT section) of the workshop, he said. Work on building staff quarters is going on in full swing.Misra said rare machineries have been installed at the workshop under the supervision of technical experts. \"Railways is keen to make it functional in September this year to fulfil the needs of ECR,\" he said, adding the workshop has the latest technology for coach maintenance work .According to the CAO, the railways has also completed road cum drainage system in the workshop. Carriage repair shop has been set up with rare equipment with an aim to cater to the needs of coaches, including LHB German coaches. The ECR, which has been sending coaches outside the state for periodical overhauling, will not have to do so after the workshop's commissioning, he said.ECR GM Varun Bharthuar has been personally supervising completion of the workshop. He is keen to make it functional soon so that the coaches of ECR are brought here for periodical maintenance on a regular basis, an ECR official said.According to sources, the coach maintenance workshop has been developed in about 113 acres, while staff quarters cover 37 acres. Altogether 18 sheds have been built on the sprawling workshop for its smooth functioning.The special feature of the workshop is that it has been provided with double-stacked coach maintenance technology, sources said, adding the cost of the project has been revised from Rs 98 crore to Rs 224.51 crore.ECR is one of the biggest zones comprising five divisions, namely Danapur, Mughalsarai, Dhanbad, Sonepur and Samastipur. It has about 4,000 passenger coaches. Thus the workshop is likely to cater to the needs of these coaches, sources said. Former president A P J Abdul Kalam had laid the foundation stone for the workshop on June 30, 2003 during Nitish Kumar's tenure as railway minster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14968535", "title": "Kabaddi champ posed as cop, held", "text": "NEW DELHI: A national-level Kabaddi player has been arrested for posing as a sub-inspector of Delhi police and duping people by promising them government jobs.Robin Khan, 22, a native of Uttar Pradesh was arrested from Jalandhar following investigations into a complaint filed by a hotel owner who had claimed that he was cheated by the accused.The complainant said Khan promised a job for his brother in Railways and withdrew money from his account by stealing his ATM card, Devesh Chandra Srivstava, additional commissioner of police, central district said.\"Khan had collected several lakhs of rupees from people. He would promise them a job and charge Rs 1.5-2 lakh. The youth is familiar with the functioning of police as his father is working in ITBP as an assistant sub inspector,\" Srivastava added.Srivastava said that Khan got a uniform stictched from the local market and convinced his friends and relatives that he had joined Delhi Police. \"In order to win their trust, he even met them in police uniform,\" Srivastava said. The complainant, Jai Bahrat, had told cops that Khan was his school friend in Jammu and Kashmir and had accidently met him at Karol Bagh where he told him that he had joined Delhi Police.He reportedly told Bharat that he can get a government job for his brother in Railways and took Rs 2.14 lakh.\"He lives a luxurious lifestyle and in order suppor his lifestyle, he began to cheat innocent persons. CCTV footage of the hotel in which Khan had met Bharat from where he was arrested confirmed the movement of the accused in police uniform,\" Srivastava said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14968955", "title": "Only 41% turn up for state entrance examination counselling", "text": "LUCKNOW: Meritorious engineering aspirants are keeping themselves away from the technical colleges in UP, as nearly 60% of the called candidates who qualified the state entrance examination (SEE) for admissions to various technical colleges in the stateremained absent on second day of counselling.According to SEE officials, candidates who secured rank from 8,001 to 20,000 were called on day two. Out of this, only 4,982 candidates underwent the document verification process, and 3,901 locked a seat of their choice. On Saturday, out of 8,000 candidates called, 3,439 verified their documents and 3,178 locked a seat. tnnComputer science remained the most sought after choice among the candidates. SEE coordinators also said that there is a tough fight for admission in Harcourt Butler Technological Institute (HBTI), Kanpur and Institute of Engineering and Technology (IET), Lucknow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14967475", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation needs industries' representation", "text": "NASHIK: Industry bodies have appealed to all political parties in the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) to appoint a representative from local industries as one of the co-opted corprators of the NMC.Two months after the elections for the standing committee of the NMC, the process for nomination of five co-opted members of the civic body is beginning on July 25.\"As per the new policy of the state government, highly educated persons are to be appointed to the posts of co-opted corporators. Our demand is to have at least one representative from the industries in the Nashik district as this will help bridge the gap between the NMC administration and industries. Disputes often take place between the NMC administration and industries on several issues like octroi, infrastructure etc. Most of the times, the NMC does not know what industries want. Hence, there should be a representative from industry to bridge the communication gap between the administration and industries,\" said Dhananjay Bele, president of NIMA.Suresh Mali, president, AIMA, said, \"We are of the view that at least one representative be appointed as co-opted corporator from local industry. This will help to sort out infrastructural problems in the industrial estates within the Nashik district.\"According to the new norms prescribed by the state as per the government resolution issued by the urban development department on February 28, candidates filing nominations for the co-opted member seats should have two years' experience as commissioner, five years as assistant commissioner, five years' experience of social organization, or should be lawyers, engineers or doctors. This is a deviation from the traditional manner in which parties used to nominate politicians, mainly those defeated at the hustings, as a rehabilitation gesture.The names of the candidates are to be submitted by group leaders shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14974370", "title": "Foreign ministry: Can\u2019t disclose President\u2019s inputs on foreign visits", "text": "NEW DELHI: The inputs given by the President while deciding the itinerary and duration of their foreign visits cannot be made public, the external affairs ministry has said in an RTI reply. A Lucknow-based RTI applicant had sought details of inputs given by President Pratibha Patil and ex- President APJ Abdul Kalam for all visits undertaken by them.Saying the technicalities of such high level visits are thrashed out after exhaustive consultations with sensitive issues in mind, chief of protocol Ruchira Kamboj said that \"copies of relevant correspondence cannot be disclosed under section 8(1)(a) of the RTI Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14967970", "title": "2 held for burglaries in south Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the arrest of two people on Sunday, police claimed to have solved three cases of theft committed across south Delhi.Yamin Khan, 21, and Jitender Kumar Sharma, 22, were arrested for committing burglaries and stolen goods, including six laptops and four mobile phones, have been recovered from them.The accused are residents of Badarpur and Sangam Vihar respectively, police said. Police had got a tip-off on July 13 that the accused would come near Ashram Chowk in the evening to sell the stolen goods. A trap was laid and the accuse were nabbed, an officer said.During interrogation, they told police that they were involved in burglaries in Maharani Bagh, Sarita Vihar, Badarpur, Jamia, Ali Gaon in south Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14990034", "title": "'Make good use of information, focus on live projects'", "text": "Professor Janat Shah, director, IIM Udaipur, speaks to Sameer Fernandez on the changing dynamics in the education system and the importance of management education in today's scenarioQ- It has been a year since the inception of the institute and now the second session of IIM Udaipur has begun. How has the journey been so far?The journey so far has been very satisfying, it is better than what we had thought it would be. Recruiting good faculty was the biggest challenge but I am happy to say that we have 12 full-time faculties at the institute. The feedback from companies, where the students got their final placements and where the students have interned have been positive. The government has been very supportive and the people of the city cordial.Q- The first five IIMs are the most coveted. What is the reason in the wide gap of rankings between the top 5 and rest of the IIMs?Though we have been given the name IIM, over a period of time we will have to earn the reputation that precedes IIMs. The students' performance after they leave the campus will speak for the institute. The alumni of the institution will be our brand ambassadors.Q- The HRD ministry has proposed a new common exam pattern for all the Engineering Institutes. Do you think the same should be replicated for management education too?I agree with the decision in spirit, but I have my reservations. Having one common exam for all management institutes will be a mammoth task to accomplish. Moreover, if a student cannot take the exam on that particular day, then he/ she stands the chance of losing an entire year. I agree that there are numerous exams that students have to take, for that there could be two or three entrance exams for the convenience of the students. This would also render an element of choice to the students.Q- Indian professionals are always in demand, both in the foreign and domestic markets. Do you think our education system can continue to provide the required manpower, especially in times when economies the world over need good professionals?The country definitely needs huge managerial talent. But overall I believe that our own fundamentals are sound. We have the potential to provide manpower for the domestic market. India can provide a good workforce to the world, and with time we can become an education hub, which has the potential to attract foreign students, who are in pursuit of good quality higher education. Our focus should be on building a large manpower force to cater to the demands of the market.Q- On the one hand, the number of institutions offering MBA is on the rise, while on the other, students' interest in the course is declining. How would you explain the trend?The demand has been decreasing because of the decline in the quality of manpower, and hence there are no takers for these students. Institutes that do not provide quality education have mushroomed and are trying to groom the students. Over time, if such institutes cease to exist, that would be more of a correction and the few institutes left would focus on providing quality education. The better institutes should provide mentoring to the second level institutions.Q- Is the admission process to IIM Udaipur any different from the rest?We are the youngest of all the 13 IIMs. We along with five other IIMs (Ranchi, Raipur , Rohtak, Trichy and Kashipur) have initiated a common interview process for the benefit of the students. After the candidate is screened through his CAT scores, there is one common interview for the selected student. The institute accepts the candidate's score and calls him for the interview. This process reduces the burden on the student, for they do not have to appear for different interviews for each institution. If the older IIMs are willing to share their scores with us, we accept the scores that they give to the student and call him for the rest of the admission process. IIM Rohtak had co-ordinated the entire process the previous year and Ranchi has done it for the current year. Based on their CAT scores, the students are then called for the process. There is a personal interview and written analysis test that is conducted. We also analyse the profile of the student, taking into consideration work experience and their past academic performance. We also allot a differential score to girls and non-engineering students for better cultural diversity in the batch.Q- How does IIM Udaipur plan to differentiate itself from the rest of the Institutes?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14970946", "title": "Nagpur artist's unique social initiative", "text": "NAGPUR: In a bid to draw attention to social issues suffering apathy and indifference, city artist Shweta Bhattad will on Monday be kicking off an initiative that she hopes would get the required eyeballs. Hanging from a height of 30ft, at the Chandrashekhar Azad Square on busy Central Avenue, she would give a live performance of her art on a 40ftx20ft hoarding.Shwet would stitch the word 'Vishwas', each letter being 5ft in height. The event, which would begin around 2pm, will continue till 10 in the night. Stating the significance of using a hoarding, Shweta says billboards were contemporary carts for mass advertising. \"Products, politics, social awareness causes and religion are displayed on hoardings that catch the eye of thousands of passerbys. I am using them to focus on issues that keep getting highlighted at various forums. This is an effort to combine the contemporary advertising media with my performance,\" she explains.Shweta, who would be giving 25 such performances at different places in the city, says,\"I chose this billboard, located just outside city's red light area, as I want to draw attention to the plight of these unfortunate women whom we have discarded and continue to shun.\"These performances will be done in different localities which have their own political, social or economical importance. Explaining the choice of the word Vishwas or Faith, Bhattad says, \"the word would hold a different meaning at each location. But if there is a need to use some other word or caption, I am open to suggestions.\"Twenty five-year-old Bhattad says she has taken the required safety measures. \"Adventure sports expert Amol Khante is helping me,\" she informs. Khante assures the equipment being used is as per international safety measures. \"We are using mountaineering equipment. We will anchor her in one place so that there is not much movement and she can perform without hindrance.\"Bhattad has been given space for this series of work by the advertising company Cartel. Sneh Bhaskare, a representative of the firm, says, \"we have given her space for a day as the concept is very appealing. Her next performance would be at Medical Square where she would be drawing attention to the issue of farmer's suicide. This initiative would definitely have an impact.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14972463", "title": "Police close to cracking Marcela robbery case", "text": "PONDA: With the recovery of a bangle stand in a jeep used for an attempted robbery at the Goa State Cooperative Bank (GSCB) at Curti-Ponda recently, the Ponda police have said that they are on the verge of cracking the 23 lakh Marcela robbery case. IT has been a month since the robbery.Ponda deputy superintendent of police (DySP) Dinraj Govekar said the police have seized a jeep used for the attempted theft of the GSC Bank that the thieves had abandoned while fleeing. \"The jeep was also used in the Marcela jewellery theft and the recovery of the vehicle and a bangle stand in it has helped the police investigation. The case will be cracked soon,\" Govekar said.The goldsmith has also identified the bangle stand. The police have registered an offence against unknown persons under Section 454 and Section 380 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14969054", "title": "'How were wires laid underground in a few areas?'", "text": "LUDHIANA: Residents of city continue to face a threat to their lives from crisscrossing and dangling overhead cables in almost all markets and residential areas. Though the power department has chosen to do away with its plan to shift these wires underground in almost the entire city, there are some parts of Ludhiana where the project was executed. These include some portions of Ferozepur Road on NH-1 near Dana Mandi and near Circuit House. Highlighting this, residents argue that when the plan could meet fruition in these areas, then why is the rest of the city being punished.Arguing that laying wires underground in not an easy task or even possible in some areas, the project has been hanging fire with the department authorities. Officials claim that the project is not very feasible, adding it's easy to lay underground cables where some construction work is under way. They add that on Ferozepur Road separate lane has been made where high-tension wires have been laid underground and red marks have been put on these to avoid confusion. Earlier, officials claimed they would implement the same thing on Pakhowal Road, Hambran Road and rest of Ferozepur Road, but they failed to do it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14972071", "title": "Kidnapped girl\u2019s father threatens to go on hunger strike", "text": "RANCHI: Alleging indifference of police department towards his plight, one Khurshid Ahmed of Noor Nagar in Old Ranchi under Kotwali police station has threatened to sit on an indefinite hunger strike on police station premises along with his family members.He has been making rounds of the police station since March this year after his daughter was allegedly kidnapped by one Mohammad Wasim of Gumla.Ahmed lodged an FIR with the Kotwali police on March 24 and has been waiting for her daughter to be recovered.Ahmed said that after preliminary investigation, police arrested one Rinku Kumar but could not detain or interrogate other accused, involved in the abduction.\"Wasim used to call on my wife's cell phone proposing to marry my daughter (name withheld) but when I refused she was picked up from her school,\" he said. The girl, student of Balkrishna School did not return home on March 24 after her classes got over.Ranchi senior SP Saket Kumar Singh said that the police are investigating into several such cases but they have to maintain a low profile fearing adverse action on those abducted. \"I was reviewing the abduction cases today and around 17 girls have been reported missing in the recent times,\" he said.Singh added that unless a call for ransom is received by the victim's family, it becomes tough to ascertain the motive. \"In case of missing girls we have to be careful in investigating as the abductors may harm the victim,\" he said.Singh added that instructions have been given to the officers of all police stations to gear up investigation in missing girl cases in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14969082", "title": "\u2018Insider may have tipped off Powai snatcher\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Police probing Friday's chain-snatching in a Powai building have detained 15 people, including the milkman, paper vendor, security guard and domestic help.According to the police, an accused knocked on the door of a third floor flat at Harmony Building in Raheja Vihar Complex around 7.30am and snatched away a Rs 2.5 lakh mangalsutra belonging to a woman, Narayani Iyer (60), who opened the door. The victim chased the thief till the stairs but he managed to flee also her cries for help went unanswered. However, the watchman denied seeing anyone fleeing, said cops\"People with access to the society are being grilled to check whether they informed the chain-snatcher the victim's routine. We suspect an insider may be involved,\" said a senior police officer.\"The victim was unable to give a proper description of the perpetrator since he was wearing a raincoat and his head was covered in a hood,\" said sub-inspector Pramod Katke. \"No visitors entered the building between 7am and 7.30am. The accused may have been hiding in the building for some time and escaped later,\" said the victim's husband, Srinivasan (68).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14970202", "title": "Conclave to celebrate 25 years of 'Save the Western Ghats' march", "text": "PUNE: The fourth environmental conclave which will commemorate 25 years of 'Save the Western Ghats March of 1987-88' in Maharashtra, will bring together sustainable partnerships and collaborations among various civil society organisations working in the Western Ghats across the six states to come up with better insights and ideas about its conservation.City-based NGO Applied Environmental Research Foundation (AERF), working on biodiversity conservation and sustainable development, along with the save the Western Ghats group, will organise this conclave at Mahabaleshwar from November 30 to December 2.A website, savethewesternghats.org, has been created to chronicle various facets of the Western Ghats. One can contribute stories, news items and informative accounts. The AERF invites participation for this event through subscriptions on the website. It is also in the course of releasing a monthly newsletter, 'Sahyadri Varta', which can be accessed on the website.At the conclave, the AERF will felicitate the marchers of the 1987-88 Save the Western Ghats March to recognise their immense contribution to bring the issues of the Western Ghats. Archana Godbole, director, AERF told TOI that the 1987-88 march was a unique event that created history.\"It marked the beginning to bring civil society to work for the cause of sustainable development. The march continued from November 1, 1987 to February 5, 1988 and consisted of people from all walks of life,\" she said.Godbole said the conclave has urged all marchers of 1987-88 to contact the organising committee so that their views and opinions can be used to make the conclave a more socially-enriching experience. \"The involvement of the old marchers in this meet will prove to be a catalyst that can work towards strengthening the resolve and the interest of all the individuals and organisations to channelise their efforts towards conservation,\" she said.The conclave will also provide a platform where various stakeholders from all walks of life could converge together to take the vision of saving the Western Ghats.There are various meetings planned out in the course of the run up to the event in all six states of the western ghats. These eventsinclude civil society workshops, awareness marches and cycle rallies, to create awareness among various localised organisations about the meet and the wider agenda of conservation.The upcoming conclave will also provide an opportunity for various corporate houses and business stakeholders to know about the role they could play in preventing the degradation of the ecological wealth of the mountain range and aim towards sustainable development, she added.The first conclave was held in Goa in 2009, followed by in Kotagiri, Tamilnadu in 2012. Last year, the third meeting of the conclave was held in Moodbidri, Karnataka and focused on increasing the involvement of the youth in the conservation activities.COMING TOGETHERA website, savethewesternghats.org, has been created and one can contribute articles, news items and informative accounts on Western GhatsProvide a platform where various stakeholders from the six states can converge togetherThe conclave urges all marchers of 1987-88 to contact the organising committeeProvide an opportunity for various corporate houses and business stakeholders to know the role they can play in preventing the degradation and work towards sustainable development", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14969350", "title": "UT yet to issue notice to colleges", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With a few days to go for the next session to begin, most city colleges are still not abiding by the anti-ragging guidelines.Now, years later, city colleges appear to have turned a blind eye to various anti-ragging measures and continue to flout the norms laid by University Grants Commission (UGC), besides the Supreme Court of India judgment.With the start of the admission process, the UT administration has not bothered to issue a notice to government colleges making having anti-ragging measures in place mandatory. As for private colleges, most seem to be turning a blind eye to these measures.A fresh circular issued by the UGC in March 2012 (No. F1-21/2009 Anti Ragging) and uploaded on its UGC website mentions that this affidavit required to be submitted by all students seeking admission in any institute is \"now available on the website\".Even as the anti-ragging squad exists on paper in both Panjab University and its affiliated colleges, there is little awareness to prevent any such incidents.When contacted, most UT college principals were reluctant to be quoted on the matter, while some said that a mention in the prospectus about consequences of ragging was enough to deter students. \"We have been assuring all anti-ragging measures on campus even before the freshers arrive. Strict vigilance would be maintained, while an anti-ragging squad is already there,\" says A S Ahluwalia, dean students' welfare, PU.Cautioning senior students on campus against indulgence in any ragging, this year PU has mentioned consequences of one such incident last year in its \"handbook of information for hostels 2012-2013\". Page 19 of PU hostel rulebook reads: \"On September 12, 2011, for his indulgence in ragging, a student (name withheld) was expelled from boys hostel no 1, PU and a fine of Rs 25,000 imposed. The student was also debarred from giving one house test and faced debarment from representing PU in any regional or national tournament/event etc.\"Sharing their opinion on the matter, students laid emphasis on induction sessions.\"Not just colleges, even parents and students are not aware about what they are required to do. Educational institutes are not to be blamed alone. The awareness has to be created by student groups and parents about the anti-ragging menace,\" says Mrigya Samyal, a student of DAV College, Sector 10.\"Are all institutes ensuring that there is healthy interaction between all batches so that ragging doesn't take place? Often the root cause of the problem is insufficient introductory sessions between seniors and juniors. Student interaction can make the task of educational institutions simpler. More awareness is the solution,\" says Saurabh Joshi, lawyer and former PU student leader. While most colleges have not been collecting these affidavits, as an exception, certain colleges have asked students to mandatorily submit a notary attested affidavit.\"We have asked students to submit an anti-ragging affidavit from the notary. We have extended the deadline for some of the students who are still settling down. We would also be asking students to take a pledge against indulgence in any ragging activity,\" says Meera Modi, principal Dev Samaj College for Women, Sector 45.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14972512", "title": "Tally of buildings without occupation certificate unknown", "text": "MUMBAI: It is a classic case of the right hand not knowing what the left hand is doing. The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has admitted its ignorance about how many buildings in the city possess an occupation certificate (OC) and how many do not.The civic body was asked for the figures in a Right to Information query filed by activist Anil Galgali. In response, the corporation, which is supposed to take action against illegally occupied buildings, revealed it is unaware of the number of buildings that do not have OC.A shocked Galgali said: \"It is the agency that gives permissions. If the BMC doesn't know the numbers, then it is really a sorry state of affairs.\"Occupation certificate is an important document; it proves a building's completion as per the approved plan and in compliance of local laws.A senior civic official confessed the municipal corporation \"does not have compiled data. The country's premier civic body does not have a system in place to track builders who violate rules and hand over possession to buyers without first procuring the mandatory OC.\"Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had last week announced in the state legislative assembly that a special drive will be undertaken to survey buildings in Mumbai that have been handed over to flat buyers without an occupation certificate. He suggested that an amnesty is likely to be given to the residents of such buildings.According to BMC rules, not possessing an OC implies that the builder has not fulfilled the necessary requirements for the project and the residents in his construction are living there illegally. As a result, the residents have to pay twice the water charges and a higher property tax.Senior BJP leader Yogesh Sagar suggested: \"While giving a commencement certificate, the BMC should take 5% of the project cost as bank guarantee. If the builder takes an OC, the bank guarantee should be returned. But if the developer fails, the bank guarantee should be forfeited. This is better than making innocent residents pay for the fault of officials and the developer.\"Last year, Master Blaster Sachin Tendulkar was fined for occupying his multi-storey bungalow at Perry Cross Road in Bandra without first getting an occupation certificate.Former IPS officer-turned-lawyer Y P Singh said, \"It is shocking the BMC has no data on the number of buildings without OC. The ward officer and building proposal officials should be held accountable when buildings are occupied without OC. Also, on grounds of criminal negligence by a public servant, the officials can be made to compensate from their pockets.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14969035", "title": "Congress enrolment drive begins today in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: The enrolment drive for the central zone (Lucknow and adjoining districts) of the Congress will start from July 16. To strengthen the organisation's presence in the state, earlier, Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi had asked Indian Youth Congress to form committees down to the booth levels in Uttar Pradesh. This year, elections too will take place at booth levels.The month-long enrolment drive, which will end on August 13, will see elections taking place for 26 Lok Sabha-level committees, 131 Vidhan Sabha-level committees and 41,679 booth-level committees. To oversee the preparations and the election process, a central team from New Delhi has already arrived in Lucknow.In the previous enrolment drive undertaken by the Congress, committees were formed up to the ward and panchayat levels enrolling under three lakh members. With enrolment this year taking place at booth-levels, the Congress party will expect to consolidate its organisation strength, an area that has suffered after the party's poor performance, first during the UP assembly elections and then again in July, when the party failed to secure a single mayoral seat in the municipal elections.It remains uncertain, however, whether general secretary Rahul Gandhi will travel across the state during the membership drive. Leading the Youth Congress enrolment drive, Rahul had, the last time travelled to different parts of the state to enrol more youth into the Congress ranks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "14974652", "title": "Army jawan sent to custody for molesting Mishing girl", "text": "JORHAT: Police on Sunday produced army jawan Anil Kumar Upadhaya, accused of molesting a girl in Sivasagar district, before a local court in the district. The court sent the accused to judicial custody.Officer incharge of Nitaipukhuri Police Station, Pritom Das said, \"We produced Upadhaya before the chief judicial magistrate in Sivasagar and the court sent the accused person to judicial custody.\" Police arrested the army personnel after he was caught red-handed trying to molest a girl at Panidihing Dolpa village under Nitaipukhuri PS in Sivasagar district on Friday.Meanwhile, several organizations in the district like AASU, AJYCP, Brihattar Asomiya Yuba Mancha, All Tai Ahom Students' Union, Manab Adhikar Sangram Samiti, PCPD and Takam Mishing Porin Kaubang (TMPK) strongly condemned the crime against women by the army man and demanded that the culprit be punished at the earliest. The TMPK also organized a protest meet at Dolpa village and the speakers of the meeting condemned the incident and demanded exemplary punishment for the guilty. They also threatened to block NH-37 at Dimow if the administration fails to address their demands.The All Assam Students' Union (AASU) demanded a high-level inquiry into the matter and asked the concerned authorities of the Army to look into the matter. AASU organizing secretary Sarat Hazarika said, \"It is condemnable that an army personnel engaged for the protection of national security molested a helpless girl while on duty. It is not only a crime but also a matter of serious concern for the Army.\"The incident took place when a 13-member army team of Nitaipukhuri-based camp was on patrolling duty in the flood-affected Dolpa area at around 5 pm. The girl, belonging to the Mishing community was collecting firewood along with her parents when the army personnel tried to molest her. He also assaulted the father of the girl. Some other women working in the embankment saw Upadhyay trying to manhandle the girl and raised an alarm, helping the girl escape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14988423", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav at Times Of India\u2019s Speak UP conclave", "text": "The Times Of India's Speak UP conclave would be a well-attended affair was a foregone conclusion, what with the states chief minister,Akhilesh Yadav leading the list of eminent people at the event.But not only was the conclave attended by the veritable whos who of the city,it was also discussed much after the event was over.And why not,since this was one of those rare occasions when the people of the state and representatives from various fields get a chance to present their demands and expectations from the government to the man right at the top.The CM came with Minister of State for Protocol,UP,Abhishesk Mishra.And among the few women who were present at the event was Mishra's wife,Swati.London To Lucknow:There had been much speculation in the week gone by about where the CM was holidaying.While some reports said he was in Australia,others said he was vacationing in Europe.But Akhilesh put all rumours to rest when he shared his experiences in London,from where he had just returned.I was approached by a couple of Indians there,who recognized me,and like everyone back home,said they had great expectations from me, he said before talking on more serious matters.A matter of principals:Several heads of prominent institutions in the city were present at the conclave.While Farida Abraham came with Aashrita Dass,Dr ES Charles was accompanied by students from the IT College,who presented the charter of demands to the CM.Jagdish Gandhi was also seen there,but had to leave early for personal reasons.However,it was the principal of La Martiniere Boys College,Carlyle McFarland,who was the cynosure of everyones attention by virtue of being the master of ceremonies at the function.Mc-Farlands wry humour lightened up the sombre occasion,and many in the audience were heard commenting how even the speakers on the panel were not spared by his witticism.Party people:Apart from the government officials who made the do a power-packed one,many prominent people from the city who are also familar faces on Lucknows social circuit,were seen keenly listening to the panelists.While Nishith Kapoor was seen seated with friends Kiron Chopra and MA Khan,Dr Sanjeev Hansraj was spotted chatting with Sandeep Narain.Dr Rajat Dhesi came with wife Jayshree and Anis Ansari was accompanied by his better half,Asma Hussain.Sudhir Halwasiya dropped in rather late,but Gaurav Prakash was on time.Spotted:Awnish Awasthi,Amrit Abhijat,Tanuj Narain,Vikas Singh,Pankaj Bajaj,Navniet Sekera,Rajat Mathur,Sandeep Kohli,Adesh Seth,Sanjeev Chaubey,Rahul Agarwal,Yasho Vardhan,Vinamra Agarwal,Gunjan Danani,Justice SC Verma and Dr Amrita Dass", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14970270", "title": "India appeals for peace in Maldives", "text": "NEW DELHI: With violence escalating in Maldives, India on Sunday appealed to all political parties to maintain peace and calm in the country and maintain law and order. Describing the recent violence as a matter of concern, the Indian high commission issued a statement reiterating the need for all parties to work together in the spirit of cooperation and reconciliation to resolve all outstanding issues.\"In this context, it is important that setting aside their differences, the parties should hold talks to ameliorate the current situation so that day-to-day life of Maldivian people is not affected adversely,'' it said.As supporters of deposed president Mohamed Nasheed continued protests demanding early election, the Maldives government blamed him for inciting violence. A statement from President Mohamed Waheed's office said supporters of the former president were disrupting law and order, blocking traffic, and harassing road users.The statement comes at a time when the All Party Roadmap Talks, the India-facilitated talks to try and break the political deadlock following the controversial ousting of Nasheed on February 7, have remained in deadlock for over a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14993694", "title": "Guwahati molestation case: Role of scribe was 'unethical', chief minister Tarun Gogoi says", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Monday said the role of the local news channel journalist, who has also been accused by RTI activist Akhil Gogoi of instigating the assault on a girl outside a city pub, was \"unethical\".\"This was a case of unethical journalism. It is all right to film the incident as a part of his professional duty but as a part of his social responsibility the journalist should have informed the police\", Gogoi told reporters outside the assembly on the first day of the five-day monsoon session.\"The media blames the government and particularly the police on all accounts but journalists, too, have a responsible role to play in society and in this particular case they have failed miserably\", the chief minister added.He further said that he was ready to meet the girl, who was molested by anti-social elements on July 9 on the busy G S Road here and was keen to ensure her rehabilitation.Asked why he did not meet the National Commission for Women members, Gogoi said it was their responsibility to meet the chief minister but \"I don't understand why the meeting did not take place. I was open to meeting them\".\"As the home minister I admit that the incident was unfortunate and we will take strong steps against the anti-social elements\", Gogoi said.Admitting crime against women in the state had gone up in recent times, he said that it was not in Assam alone that such incidents have gone up but everywhere else in the country, including Delhi and Mumbai.\"To analyse the crime situation in the state, I have asked for data from the Tata Institute of Social Sciences and steps will be taken accordingly\", he added.The Chief Minister also admitted there were lapses on the part of the police primarily because there is shortage of staff.Gogoi, however, expressed full faith in the police force and said, \"I am confident that all the culprits would be brought to book soon\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14985489", "title": "John, Anil plead makers to delay their projects", "text": "John Abraham and Anil Kapoor have come across a strange problem. Their films Shootout At Wadala and Race 2 are scheduled for release back to back. And now, the two actors have been trying to convince the producers --Ekta Kapoor and Ramesh Taurani to keep at least a gap of three weeks between their ventures.Taurani, however, is not willing to relent. \"I announced the release of my film a long time back. Shootout producers have just declared their date. They should be taking a call,\" said he. And though the filmmaker fears that a gap of just one week may affect the business of both, he bravely added, \"The two ventures are totally different. Mine is a thriller and stars Deepika Padukone and Saif Ali Khan as well. So, I am not really worried.\"And though, Ekta has been sounded off by the actors, no decision has been taken regarding the release of Shootout either.But the film promotions may pose a problem, says trade analyst Taran Adarsh. \"These days, for film publicity, actors don't just have to give a hundred interviews but also travel to various cities. With two films releasing back to back, there is bound to be a clash of dates. And this will be unfair to both producers,\" said Adarsh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14971565", "title": "CBI denies dragging feet on Bhopal case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Sunday denied allegations of delay on its part in bringing justice to Bhopal gas tragedy victims.It was claimed that after the group of ministers (GoM) headed by P Chidambaram had decided in June 2010 that the CBI should get the Madhya Pradesh high court to expedite the decision on liability of Union Carbide Corporation's new parent company (Dow Chemicals), the agency dragged its feet. In 2005, the HC had granted a stay on the summons against both Dow Chemicals and UCC in the case.The CBI said that following the GoM's recommendations to file a fresh application in the HC to decide the liability of Dow Chemicals, the agency did so without delay.\"After seeking opinion of solicitor general, CBI first made an oral submission and then filed a written petition on January 2, 2012 requesting the high court for an early decision on the issue of Dow's liability and vacation of stay,\" it said in a statement.Detailing the \"factual position\" in the matter, the agency said it filed a revision petition in the district and sessions court, Bhopal on August 23, 2010 seeking to prosecute those convicted under the graver Section 304 II of the Indian Penal Code.CBI said it had also filed an appeal in the district and sessions court, Bhopal on July 7, 2010 seeking enhanced punishment and fine to the convicted persons. Part arguments on the revision petition filed by CBI were completed on February 25, 2012.\"CBI has, without any delay on its part, exercised all legal options available for getting maximum punishment for the perpetrators of this heinous crime,\" the agency said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14973663", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee writes to \u2018dear friend\u2019 Mamata Banerjee for support", "text": "On June 15 soon after being named as UPA presidential candidate by Sonia Gandhi , Pranab Mukherjee said he sought Mamata Banerjee's support \"because she is like my sister ... a valued colleague\". Exactly a month later, Mukherjee on Sunday sent a letter to Mamata (among the bulk letters being sent to all MPs and MLAs), addressing her as \"my dear friend\" and seeking her \"invaluable support\" in the poll.The letter sent to Mamata's 30-B Harish Chatterjee Street residence, doesn't even mention her as Bengal chief minister but \"Ms Mamata Banerjee , MLA\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14971923", "title": "Residents exhibit their talents at Times event", "text": "KOLKATA: Distanced by their varied professional callings, Times Evening provided a cultural platform for residents of Purba Abasan to catch up with one another. The July 8 event was organized by the Times of India and presented by Volkswagen in association with Club Mahindra, Colors and Aviva Life Insurance. While the luckier among the lot walked away with prizes, others carried back with him some cherishable memories.Inmates of Purba Abasan convened this Sunday evening. The fun filled evening gave the inmates a chance to be together over the weekend. The Times of India's Times Evening ensured a quality time to all. While some went back home with prizes, others went back content and entertained.The evening kicked off with the For the children the paint your imagination contest was a platform to showcase their talent with the paint and the brush. Tanushree Banerjee bagged the first prize, while winning a pressure cooker from SunKwik.Swarunima Verma and won a wrist watch as the second prize followed byPritha Mukherjee came second and third respectively. who also won a wrist watch.In the cookery contest, Rina Sarkar bagged the first place and was awarded got the first prize winning an IFB microwave. Soma Chakraborty, who secured the second slot, won a pressure cooker from SunKwik. for the second slot, followed byThird-prize winner Sobita Banerjee who was also won handed a SunKwik pressure cooker. The contest was judged by celebrity chef Pradip Rozario was the judge.Ambar and Shoma Chakraborty were adjudged the best couple in the made for each other round. The duo won a holiday package from Club Mahindra. Sheli and Bitan Das got the second prize, while Lina and Manikanchan Pal got the third prize. The first and second prize winners were given a designer saree each from Palki and a gift voucher from Manyavar each.Times tambola had Neelam Roy winning a kitchen chimney from Propello for the full house, while Shrota Das won a dinner set for the quick five. The first, second and the third row went to Vinita Verma, Sharmila Das Adhikari and Suprana Bhattacharya respectively. All of them got a mixer-grinder each from Propello. The prizes were sponsored by IFB, Palki, Propello Innovations Pvt Ltd, SunKwik, Manyavar, Rolex Opticals and Tangerine Music.Inmates of this Rajdanga main Road had a blast with a musical event that brought down the curtain down to the gathering.The Times Evening was presented by Volkswagen in association with Club Mahindra, Colors &amp; Aviva Life Insurance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14968767", "title": "Khuda Bakhsh library to publish catalogue", "text": "PATNA: Tagore National Fellow Prof S P Verma on Sunday delivered a lecture on 'Persian, Turkish and Indian paintings in the Khuda Bakhsh Collection' under the Khuda Bakhsh Extension Lecture at the Khuda Bakhsh Oriental Library. Patna University VC Shambhu Nath Singh presided over the function.Library director Imtiaz Ahmad spoke about the progress being made in connection with the compilation of a descriptive catalogue of Illustrated Manuscripts of the Khuda Bakhsh Collection. He expressed the hope that by next year this catalogue would be available in print.Verma said the rare illustrated manuscripts at the library, which related to a period spanning more than half-a-millennium - from the 15th century to the 19th century - make this collection a centre of international repute. He cited in particular the four manuscripts of the library, identified among the Manuscripts Treasure of India by the National Mission of Manuscripts. These include two Arabic manuscripts, Kitab al-Hashaish and Kitab al-Tasreef and two Persian manuscripts, Diwan-e Hafiz and Tarikh-e Khandan-e Timuriyah. The last-mentioned has also been inscribed on the UNESCO Memory of the World Register in 2011, he said.He displayed digital images of the paintings of different styles - Persian, Turkish and Indian - that are in the Khuda Bakhsh Collection and dwelt at length on the features of these paintings. He outlined the past antecedents going back to ancient India and the reinvigorating effect brought by the Central Asian and Iranian schools along with the new experiments that were imbibed from European paintings in the Mughal period. He also highlighted the distinct features of the Patna Qalam, the local style of painting that developed in the mid-19th to early 20th centuries, and represented a fine blend of traditional Mughal and new European influences.In his presidential speech, Prof. Shambhu Nath Singh paid rich tribute to the founder of the library, Khuda Bakhsh Khan, and appreciated the work of cataloguing of illustrated manuscripts. He expressed the hope that this would enable a larger number of people across the world to get acquainted with the rarities of the library.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14978084", "title": "Gowdas flash secular card at huge muslim rally", "text": "Aggressively wooing Muslims in the election year, the JD(S) on Sunday admitted its mistake of aligning with BJP and reassured the community that it would work for its all-round development. The Muslim convention organized by the party at the Palace Grounds in Bangalore turned out to be a perfect setting for JD(S) supremo HD Deve Gowda and his son HD Kumaraswamy to flaunt their secular credentials and seek the support of the community , which was upset with the party for aligning with BJP in 2006.Realizing that the political scene has changed since the last assembly election, the party feels the Vokkaliga and Muslim combination will help in capturing more seats in the next election.With the portrait of Tipu Sultan in the backdrop and tens of thousands in the gathering, Kumaraswamy explained how Congress was `responsible' for the inevitable alliance and promised that he wouldn't repeat that mistake. While Gowda narrated the contribution of the Janata Parivar in general and JD(S) in particular to the welfare of the community, MLA BZ Zameer Ahmed Khan explained why JD(S) is the only option for the Muslims .The party's nomination of Syed Mudeer Agha to the legislative council was repeatedly stressed to drive home a point about how Muslim-friendly the JD(S) is. Congressman Iqbal Ahmed Saradagi's defeat due to cross voting was repeated to send a message about the Congress attitude.'Sabko sanmati de Bhagwan'Gowda said: `It is not the birthright of our family to rule but it's our birthright to take a firm stand on the secular credentials. Our family has never done opportunistic politics. Power is not important for us, ideology is. Sabko Sanmati De Bhagwan.''On the occasion, he chose to remind the Lingayats, majority of whom are supporting BJP, that it was he who gave them 5% reservation.`We do not go back on our word. We had promised to make a Muslim an MLC and we have kept our word. Forget the small mistakes. Come along to build a new Karnataka,'' he concluded.'Will garner muslim support'Kumaraswamy, who began his speech in Hindi and continued in Kannada, urged the community to introspect. He said the other political parties were carrying out a misinformation campaign against Muslims for political gains. He said: `Muslims have contributed immensely. There is a systematic conspiracy to malign the community and show it in the negative light.''Explaining why they formed a government with BJP, he said: `Congress tried to split our party. Due to unavoidable circumstances, JD(S) had to align with BJP. But during my tenure as CM, I didn't allow anybody to hurt Muslims.'' MLA Zameer Ahmed Khan said it was the duty of Muslims to vote for JD(S). \"Congress uses us, but never respects us. As an eyewash, they fielded Iqbal Ahmed Saradagi, but ensured his defeat. Most of the Muslim leaders have emerged from the Janata Parivar and not from the Congress .''In numbersMuslims , who form more than 12% of the state's population, have never been able to get proportionate representation either in the assembly or in the council in the post-independent history of the state. To be properly represented (if population is considered), Muslim candidates should win about 26 seats. But at no time did the state assembly have so many MLAs. The maximum was in 1978 at 18 MLAs. Presently, in the 224-strong assembly, there are only nine Muslims, while in the council, there are only four. Muslims are more in number in Dakshina Kannada, Bidar, Gulbarga, Dharwad, Kodagu,Haveri, Bijapur, Raichur, Ramanagaram and Bangalore rural districts.SnippetsIt was Gowda's first public appearance in more than two months Despite rain, thousands of people attended Gowda and Kumaraswamy were brought to the stage in a modified crane decked with flowers, amidst thunderous applause from the gathering750 traffic cops deployedWe had deployed 750 traffic policemen during the rally. Barring a few times when the procession was on its way, we did not have to stop the traffic. We had to divert traffic from Bellary Road to Shivananda Circle. Since we planned well, it went off smoothlyMA Saleem, additional commissioner of police (traffic)Counter viewMinorities in the state should not get carried away by the statements of JD (S) supremo HD Deve Gowda and his son Kumarswamy about BJP and Muslims. BJP had earmarked huge funds in the last four years for the welfare and development of minorities. No other government, including the JD(S), has done so much in the past.KS Eshwarappa, deputy CM", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14967499", "title": "LPG leak guts house at Padmarao Nagar; 7 hurt", "text": "HYDERABAD: Seven members of a family were injured in a major fire accident caused by an LPG gas leak in an apartment in Padmarao Nagar on Sunday. Sridhar, the owner of the house, suffered 70% burns while his wife Srilatha suffered 60% burns. Their condition is said to be critical. Sridhar is in the business of importing and exporting electronic goods.In a major fire accident caused by an LPG gas leak, seven members of a family residing in Padmarao Nagar were injured here on Sunday. The condition of the owner of the house, Sridhar and his wife Srilatha is critical as they have suffered 70 and 60 per cent burns respectively. Sridhar is into electronic goods import and export business.The couple's daughters, Sphoorthi, 4, and Shruthi, 7, Srilatha's parents - Madhusudhan and Indira Lakshmi and their domestic help Jamuna also suffered injuries. They are undergoing treatment at a corporate hospital in Kanchanbag. The flat on the second floor of the residential complex Victory Arcade in Abhinav Colony was completely gutted in the fire.The incident happened at around 10am when Sridhar and his wife were trying to repair a faulty LPG regulator. As the regulator was malfunctioning the gas leaked and a spark set off the fire. Fire officers who initially suspected a cylinder blast said that only an LPG leak had occurred. The neighbours, who were alerted by the sound of the blast, rescued the family and took them to the hospital even before the fire engines arrived, bystanders said.Padmarao Nagar falls under the jurisdiction of Secunderabad fire office, but the vehicles from this office did not reach the spot as they were on a standby duty at Ravindra Bharati. Officials from Moula Ali and Malkajgiri attended the fire fighting operations.The other residents of the apartment said the fire had spread to living room of the apartment by the time the fire engines reached the spot. However, fire officers claimed that they could control the extent of damage with timely intervention. \"We evacuated all the residents from the building as a precaution.as we did not want fire to spread to other apartments.Since the owners are injured the extent of damage is not know,\" said a fire officer. The building is a four-storied structure and the fire fighting operation lasted for two hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14987054", "title": "Kamal inspires Quentin Tarantino!", "text": "Well, it can't get bigger than this. Namma Ulaganayagan has inspired none other than the Kill Bill director Quentin Tarantino .In 2001, Kamal Haasan did a film called Aalavandhan where he plays a dangerous psychopath. In this film, Kamal used actual sequences for most part and used graphic sequences to portray the violence.Apparently, Tarantino had seen this and was inspired to use manga comics for his Kill Bill series for the most gruesome scenes. And the ace director revealed this to Anurag Kashyap.Sources say that Kamal was thrilled to hear about this and felt happy that a director of his calibre had praised his work. He was also ruing that people here didn't seem to appreciate his experimentation apparently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14968640", "title": "Inspector general of police seeks fresh report on woman's suicide bid in prison", "text": "PATNA: The IG (prisons), Anand Kishore, has ordered a second probe into the suicide bid by a woman Maoist prisoner, Shivani, lodged in Sitamarhi district prison.Earlier, Kishore had sent back the probe report to the Sitamarhi district magistrate, Ashwini D Thackeray. \"We found the probe report inconclusive. So, it was sent back seeking a second probe report,\" he said.\"The Sitamarhi DM was on leave when the incident took place, on June 16. An ADM was ordered to submit the probe report. After finding it unsatisfactory, a second probe has been ordered which would be conducted by the DM herself. We hope to get the probe report soon,\" Kishore said.A prison official, who refused to be quoted, said the probe report submitted by the ADM was influenced by the local officials. There were many loopholes in the first report, he said.Shivani suffered minor burn injury after attempting suicide on the prison premises. She alleged that the jail superintendent, Umesh Prasad Singh, outraged her modesty inside the prison.Kishore said Shivani poured kerosene oil before setting herself afire but she was saved by the jail guards who immediately covered her with a blanket. She was treated at the jail hospital for minor burns on her hands.\"She accused the jail superintendent of outraging her modesty, a charge that was denied by the official. But if the report finds the accused guilty then necessary action would be taken against him,\" he said.SP Sitamarhi, Vivek Kumar, said, \"A case was lodged by Shivani in the district court but no medical test had been conducted so far.\"When contacted, Umesh Prasad Singh refuted the allegation. \"This is nothing but a hype created by media. There was a piece of paper on the floor of the women cell and somehow it got burned. When Shivani tried to control the fire she also got minor burn injury on her hands,\" he said. Denying the allegations, Singh said Shivani was doing well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14968254", "title": "'Health dept should do its job'", "text": "LUDHIANA: Residents of city's posh areas are at risk of contracting diseases common during monsoon as the health department has not even done fogging across the city. Tej Chatwal, a businessman and resident of Sarabha Nagar on Sat Pal Mittal Road, said \"The health department must do the job it's entrusted. Though, we do take preventive steps on our own but experts are required.\"Dr Subhash Batta, civil surgeon in city, said, \"It's not our duty to search for larvae in every household and spray anti-mosquito chemicals. We just have to take preventive measures in the households where dengue had occurred last year. Till now we have completed two visits to such households.\"MC helped with foggingTwo years back, health authorities had sought the help of municipal corporation for fogging city areas. Last year, the authorities had hired about 52 men to fog anti-mosquito chemicals in city houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "hooghly/howrah/kolkata", "code": "14971468", "title": "Unheard tales of the unsung crusaders", "text": "HOOGHLY/HOWRAH/KOLKATA: As the car swerves into a muddy lane, off the National Highway 2, this nondescript village greets one with its eerie silence - were suddenly struck with the remoteness of the place that is just 40 kilometres from the heart of the city. One will have to take the unmetaled (kuchcha) roads to reach Peyarapur - a village near Hooghly's Sheoraphuli. There are mud hutments with thatched roofs, where electricity is yet to reach. After wading through mud and water walking through ankle deep slush for half a kilometre, one can find a house where a 60-year-old mother has turned a neurotic patient and the father, a nervous wreck. They have lost their everything ever since their son was bombed to death by some local youths 14 years ago.Dipak Das had protested against the indiscriminate bursting of fire crackers in the village and he had to pay for it.Das had always been protesting the bursting of loud fire crackers, much before the West Bengal Pollution Control Board imposed the ban in 1996. After the law was put in place, Das intensified his fight with the help of a few neighbours. While this made him a hero in his locality, to some, he was a threat. There were people in the locality who used to make bombs at home and Das threatened them that he would take action against them .to take whom he especially threatened to report against.\"On the fateful Kali Puja night 14 years ago, some youths all known to the family, and belonging to the from the neighbouring Shibtala gathered at an open space and started bursting crackers that sounded like bombs. Patients and households with newborns appealed to Dipak for help. He rushed to the spot and threatened to call the police. A heated argument followed and the youths were brought under control for time being,\" said an eye witness. though for the time being, the crackers stopped. However, the silence was misleading as people got to know soon.A 24-year-old Dipak used to make a living by selling cow milk. Around 4am the next morning, some youths surrounded him from all sides as he reached Shibtala for his regular round, he was surrounded suddenly from all sides and overpowered.He fell on the ground after being roughed by them and later bombs were hurled at him till he laid lifeless on a pool of blood.Some arrests were made on the basis of an FIR that Dipak's father Balai Das had filed. The case of Dipak's murder was heard by the Chinsurah sub divisional court. \"But we heard that we have lost the case. Those who were arrested then are now free. And how does it matter? Will we ever get our son back?\" asked Das as he broke into tears.With Dipak's death, the fight against noise pollution also came to an end there. \"Dipak knew that he would be targeted one day. There are many houses where bombs are made and supplied illegally to the market. There is a lot of money involved in this trade. Dipak fought against it. He had a team of like-minded youths. Before Dipak's death, each member of the team started receiving threat calls. Dipak paid no attention to this,\" said one of his friends. Dipak told his team to ignore such threats. and that, \"we were under police protection.\"The crusader enjoyed mass support at Peyarapur and no one could imagine about the gruesome end. had the any idea thought that he would ever face such a gruesome death. \"They lay waiting for Dipak at a time when no one suspected any danger to be lurking for him. They knew that Dipak went about around 4 am, selling milk. It was an unguarded moment,\" his father said.The Trinamool Congress took up the cudgels for the slain Dipak and branded him as the first martyr in the fight against noise pollution. The late MP, Akbar Ali Khondokar, helped the family financially and assured them of legal help. \"But we don't want to approach higher courts. I lost one son who fought for justice, I don't want to lose my other three sons. It won't help. I will not get back my son,\" said Dipak's father and the crusader's friends look on, as they had to leave their fight midway following their leader's death.The crusade lies unfinished at Peyarapur Paschimpara. Those in Dipak's team wish to carry on his work but they need a leader to gove them directions. \"Dipak was gutsy. Only he could match the strength of those goons. Times have changed today and awareness about noise pollution has increased, but things have remained the same here. We need to get together and fight the curse but we lack a leader that Dipak was,\" said another member of Dipak's team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14970707", "title": "Primary schools lack basic facilities", "text": "KANPUR: The condition of government primary schools in the city is dismal. Hundreds of schools are still awaiting renovation of buildings and other facilities. The infrastructure of primary schools is so ailing that students are forced to sit on the ground as the roof of classrooms can fall anytime.In the recent survey conducted by TOI, maximum number of primary schools have the teacher-student ratio of 50:1. Only a single teacher is playing different roles in several schools. Several government schools exist on paper only as the proposed building is either partially or fully ruined. In several cases, the schools are confined to one room only. Hence the children are forced to study under trees or in the open even in the rainy season. The schools also lack facilities like drinking water, toilets and electricity.At Shastri Nagar primary school, the corridor of the building has become a river after rain. The water has entered the classrooms, which are already dilapidated. The teachers are forced to take the classes in open.\"Being in a classroom with lack of resources adversely affects children's mental health. The poor condition is the reason of parents' lack of faith on government schools,\" said Anamika, a social worker.The government primary school in Vijay Nagar has a single classroom. Classes from I to V are being conducted in it. The school has one teacher, who plays the role of teacher and principal. Among the 43 children registered on records, 27 were absent and the remaining 16, who belonged to four classes, were being taught by the lone teacher.\"The ministry of education had drawn up several plans and policies but they are failing to achieve the targets. The government is spending a large chunk of budget in providing free education to the poor and destitute but what these kids are getting is of no use,\" said a teacher of a primary school at Nawabganj.At a primary school in Parade ground, TOI noticed that students have their own seating arrangements, which were in the form of mats. A teacher explained that the school could not afford to make seating arrangements due to insufficient aid.\"The government must concentrate on the education sector and take revolutionary steps to improve it. The primary education sector needs to be standardized according to modern education systems. If the primary education syllabus and system is standardised according to modern needs, it could help in the country's development,\" said Rekha Tripathi, teacher in a primary school at Parmat, where there is no electricity and one teachers to teach more than 80 students.She said that the school administration had sent many letters to the education department, drawing the attention towards the shabby condition of the building and lack of facilities but nothing had been done.Basic shiksha adhikari Rakesh Kumar said that electricity in schools is still not in the list of priority as the renovation of infrastructure and conducting proper academic session is the main target.\"Most of the schools are running in rented building and we can not renovate them. People don't give space on rent to run schools this is why we can't even shift students to other buildings,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14973932", "title": "First flight lands in style at swank new terminal", "text": "KOLKATA: Chocolates, flowers and a swanky new terminal greeted passengers of an IndiGo Airlines flight from Mumbai that landed in the city on Sunday afternoon.Expecting grumpy airport staff, dirty toilets and a prolonged wait for baggage in the old domestic terminal, the 84 passengers were bowled over by the swanky terminal and efficient service that could match the best in the country. The staff was courteous and toilets sparkling clean. Best of all, the baggage had arrived even before they had stepped into the terminal.\"It is top class and great for the city,\" gushed former Indian soccer captain Baichung Bhutia , who arrived by flight 6E 321 that touched down at 12.15pm. Sunday's was the first in a series of test runs leading to the actual commissioning in October.\"The trial runs will be completed by August 31 and the terminal will be ready for commissioning by September 30,\" airport director B P Sharma said.That is nearly a year beyond the original deadline. The project, scheduled to be completed in 30 months, is now in the 43rd month. To keep the cost within the Rs 2,300-crore budget, parts of the project, including a new ATC tower, was dumped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14991399", "title": "Rajendra Prasad\u2019s Onamalu release on July 27", "text": "Versatile actor Rajendra Prasad's upcoming film \"Onamalu\" is hitting the screens on July 27. Coming with a tag line 'Manchi Gnapakam Lanti Cinema', the movie promises to offer a completely different experience for the Telugu movie buffs.Onamalu, directed by debutant Kranthi Madhav, has won praises from literary stalwarts like Sirivennela Seetharama Sastry and Khadir Babu. Set in a village backdrop, the film deals with the journey of a teacher Narayana Rao, played by Rajendra Prasad and Kalyani is playing the female lead. Koti has scored the music for this film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14967123", "title": "Electric shock kills woman during her housewarming", "text": "COIMBATORE: An auspicious day turned out to be tragic for a family on Sullivan Street here when a woman died of electrocution during a housewarming function early on Sunday morning. Nagalalitha, 32, was electrocuted while clearing the way for guests invited to the housewarming.Nagalalitha and her husband S Vinod Kumar were all set to officially move into their newly-constructed house on Sullivan Street after a modest house warming ceremony and puja. She came in contact with a live wire connecting the electric motor outside the house. Though she was rushed to the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital(CMCH) she died a few minutes after reaching the hospital.\"She was trying to make way for guests at the main entrance and suddenly started shivering. I thought she was tired since she hadn't slept on Saturday night and was busy making arrangements for the ceremony,\" said Vinod.Vinod suffered minor electric shock when he tried to save Nagalalitha. She was rushed to two private clinics in the vicinity but there were no trained medical personnel to attend her since it was a Sunday. She was finally taken to CMCH but it was too late.\"She left me and my eight-year-old son,\" a distraught Vinod said. According to Vinod, the ceremony began around 5.30 am. The puja was over and some people, including the priest was about to leave when the incident occurred. Nagalalitha was standing near the main entrance and moved back to make way for the guests to come. She was wearing a silk sari with embroidery with copper threads.\"Either her sari or her feet might have come in contact with the live wire. She dead immediately after reaching the Government Medical College Hospital here,\" said Deivasigamani, inspector (in charge), Variety Hall police station. Vinod is employed with a private company and the couple have an eight-year-old son, who is studying in a private school in the city. Postmortem was conducted at CMCH.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14967847", "title": "'Reservation, a Constitutional right'", "text": "JAIPUR: The Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe Reservation Manch on Sunday condemned allegations of the Samta Andolan Samiti (SAS) which said elected representatives of the former are intensifying casteism in society.In an interaction with the media, officials of the manch clarified that their elected representatives share the common woes of the community in public. Leveling them as fueling castesim is deplorable, they said.The controversy started when on June 3, Ramnaryan Meena, deputy speaker of the state assembly said marginalized communities will protest against those who opposed reservations in jobs and studies. Agitated by these remarks, the SAS had alleged that the elected members of ST/SC are fanning the caste divide with their comments.\"MPs and MLAs are our representatives. They will raise issues which are in best interests of our community. Reservation is our Constitutional right and no one can deny it. Commenting on it cannot be termed as castesim. In fact those who speak against is unconstitutional,\" said J P Vimal, secretary of the manch.The members of the manch also asserted that reservation is the only hope for marginalized communities for education and government jobs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14968542", "title": "BCCI nod likely for domestic revamp", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian cricket board's ( BCCI ) working committee will meet on Monday to ratify the recommendations of the technical committee -- headed by former Indian skipper Sourav Ganguly -- which had suggested an overhaul of domestic cricket. According to sources, the board is also going to decide on the annual calendar which includes dates of various domestic tournaments.The technical committee had recommended doing away with Elite and Plate groups for Ranji Trophy and suggested three groups of nine teams as the new format. With this, every team can play nine matches at least in the league stage before qualifying for the quarters -- which will be five-day games.Former captain Anil Kumble had also suggested major changes in the domestic structure at the captains and coaches conclave before the suggestions were discussed by the technical committee.The technical committee has also recommended the points system in Ranji Trophy -- six points for an outright win to encourage teams to go for it rather than be content with taking first innings points (3 for the team taking the lead).The committee also wants a change in the NKP Salve Challenger Trophy from 2013-14 season with the winners of the previous season's Vijay Hazare One-day tournament given a slot as one of the three teams, the other two to be picked by the senior selection panel.With there being a recommendation for a change in the order of domestic tournaments to be staged, the committee has suggested that there can be two Irani Cup games in the upcoming season. Current Ranji Trophy champions Rajasthan would take on the Rest of India in September and after the conclusion of the new Ranji season, its winners would clash with the Rest immediately afterwards, as per the recommendations of the Ganguly-headed panel.Some changes in the playing conditions of domestic One-day games have also been suggested by the technical panel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14989247", "title": "Rotary Club of Indore holds 66th Installation ceremony", "text": "INDORE: The annual ceremony of the installation of the new president, secretary and board members was held here recently. Following the Rotarian custom, the president, Vikram Singh Paramar donned the presidential collar on Father Varghese Alengaden, the president elect and laid upon him the responsibility of the new president and the board of directors in the presence of the chief guest, Ashok Mahajan, and district governor, Lokendra Papalal and many other prominent Rotarians of Indore city. Father Varghese also pinned the medal of the honour of past president on VS Parmar. On the occasion, 18 new Rotarians were also inducted into the Rotary by pinning membership medal on them by Lokendra Papalal. Mahajan released the year book of Indore Club and the first copy of the House Bulletin of Rotary Club during the meeting.In his address, he said that the leadership of Father Varghese has to be understood as the role of guide and 'first among the equals' and he has to shoulder the responsibility with the best of their capacity and he should be a good communicator. To grace the occasion, Lokendra Papalal, Nitin Dafaria, the DG elect, and many other past DGs, past presidents and many other distinguished Rotarians were present. In the beginning, the students of St Raphael's School sang melodiously the Rotary Song composed by late Bishop Clemns. KN Billore read out the four way test and Sarjiv Patel, the secretary, proposed the vote of thanks. The anchoring was done by Vijaya Bakshi and Neetu Joshi with art and articulation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "14975012", "title": "Assam Rifles kills Kuki militant in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: Assam Rifles soldiers gunned down a cadre allegedly belonging to the Kuki Revolutionary Army (KRA) in an encounter at Haipi village in Senapati district in the wee hours of Sunday.The outfit is a party to the ongoing Suspension of Operation (Soo) with the government.Following a tip off about the presence of some militants in the area, 43 AR personnel rushed to the spot at around 1am, sources said.On seeing the troops, the cadres opened fire at the troops and in the retaliatory action, one of the militants was killed on the spot while the others escaped from the scene, the sources added.The soldiers found an AK rifle with 25 bullets on the slain cadre, identified as SL Paolen (25) of Hengjang village in the same district.Forensic doctors at the Centre-run Regional Institute of Medical Sciences (Rims) at Imphal conducted an autopsy on the slain body. The police have registered an FIR to ascertain the veracity of the incident.KRA is among the 19 Manipur-based Kuki outfits, which are signatories to the ongoing Soo with the government. The tripartite Soo agreement between the Centre, the state government and the outfits under two apex bodies-United People's Front (UPF) and Kuki National Organization (KNO)-was signed in August 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "14988185", "title": "Another batch of pilgrims leave for Amarnath cave shrine", "text": "JAMMU: Amid tight security, a fresh batch of 2,351 pilgrims on Monday left for the Amarnath cave shrine in south Kashmir's Himalayas.The pilgrims comprising 1,519 men, 473 women, 61 children and 298 sadhus left in a cavalcade of 69 vehicles from Bhagwati Nagar base camp in Jammu at around 5am, a police official said.The convoy of yatra has already crossed Chanderkote on Jammu-Srinagar National Highway towards base camps of Pahalgam in Kashmir valley.With Monday's batch, as many as 75,995 pilgrims have left Jammu for their onward journey to the shrine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14972491", "title": "Uncollected garbage raises stink in island city, suburbs", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai's aspiration of being garbage free seems to be a fantasy.While a tussle between garbage contractors and their employees crippled garbage collection in the island city, lack of required manpower and machinery affected garbage collection in several parts of the eastern suburbs till Saturday evening. The civic body, however, maintains that the situation is under control and the issues with the contractors have already been resolved.This was the second such incident in the city in the past two months. This time, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) claims that the garbage could not be collected because drivers of the dumper trucks went on strike. Residents of F-north ward (Wadala, Matunga, Sion) had to bear the stench of uncollected garbage for nearly two days as compactor trucks failed to turn up.A BMC official from the F- north ward office said, \"The contractors had not paid their drivers on time and thus the drivers had gone on a two-day strike. The matter, however, has been resolved, with the contractors and their employees coming to an agreement. Garbage collection will be back to normal by Monday.\"Residents, however, are skeptical about the BMC's assurance. Mehernosh Fitter, a resident of F-North ward, said, \"The condition was terrible till Saturday evening. The BMC on Sunday arranged for a special emergency vehicle to come and collect the garbage. This, however, does not mean that the condition will improve immediately.\"A BMC official said, \"We had arranged for a few vehicles to collect garbage. It was not possible for us to cover the entire ward. Even though we tried our best, garbage did pile up at a few locations.\"In the S-ward (Bhandup), residents say they have been facing garbage collection problems from the past two months. Last month, the BMC standing committee's delay in approving garbage collection contracts, which expired on May 31, led to garbage being piled up in three wards, including S ward.Bhandup residents say the situation hasn't improved even after the contracts were awarded. S-ward corporator Anisha Majgaonkar said, \"I get complaints about uncollected garbage from my ward on a daily basis. The problem is that the new contractor does not have enough manpower or vehicles to cover the entire ward.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "m gopalakrishnan, national president of the institute of cost accountants of india (icai), was in patna on sunday to participate in a national seminar on goods and services taxes (gst). in a freewheeling interview, he spoke to madan kumar on a range of issues. excerpts", "code": "14968568", "title": "Institute of Cost Accountants of India plans to increase outreach in Bihar", "text": "M Gopalakrishnan, national president of the Institute of Cost Accountants of India (ICAI), was in Patna on Sunday to participate in a national seminar on Goods and Services Taxes (GST). In a freewheeling interview, he spoke to Madan Kumar on a range of issues. Excerpts:In the past five-six years, Bihar has registered remarkable growth. Do you perceive any role of the ICAI in accelerating the growth pace?The ICAI can play a vital role in speeding up Bihar's growth if the state government involves our cost and management accountants (CMAs) in finalizing development plans and finalizing various tariff and taxation rates. Whenever a CMA is involved in planning, he/she ensures that any work is executed at the minimum cost. It will save government money. Altogether 20 states are now taking services of CMAs in planning and project management. Bihar, too, is taking services of our members. But we want greater involvement in Bihar's planning, decision-making and accounting operations.How can a cost accountant be useful for the state government's schemes?A CMA can have an important role to play in government schemes. Suppose the government wants to purchase lifesaving drugs under the National Rural Health Mission. If a cost accountant is involved in the process, he/she would come out with minimum cost of different drugs.Can you speak in brief about your Institute?ICAI is a professional body of CMAs, constituted by an Act of the Parliament. It has over 55,000 members all over the country and around 300 new members are being added every month. The Institute has 100 domestic and five overseas branches. Bihar has only one branch in Patna.Have you any plan to increase ICAI's outreach in Bihar?We have decided to increase our outreach in the fast-growing Bihar. The state has registered terrific growth in infrastructure and economy in the recent years. So, we have decided to set up at least one CMA Support Centre in each of its districts. It will be basically opened at any college. There will be no cap on the number of Support Centres in a district, provided the applying institute has sufficient infrastructure to run the Support Centre.How will the CMA Support Centres increase your outreach?The centres will help produce more CMAs. Later, we can set up separate branches of the ICAI in Bihar's different cities.Any other plan for Bihar?We are also going to set up a centre for excellence for the practising CMAs in Patna. I have asked our Patna chapter to request the state government to provide us land for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14972461", "title": "North Goa collector uploads forms", "text": "PANAJI: The North Goa collector's office has uploaded the application forms for certificates/permissions issued by the mamlatdar, deputy collector and collector on the websites www.collectornorth.goa.gov.in and www.northgoa.gov.in.At talathi level, application to issue of Form I and XIV, at taluka mamlatdar's office level application for residence certificate, solvency certificate, divergence certificate, affidavit for divergence certificate, application for dependent certificate, income certificate (for Mediclaim), affidavit for income certificate (for Mediclaim), application for new ration card and cancellation of ration card, inclusion of name in ration card, deletion of name in ration card(if expired), deletion of name in ration card (in case of marriage), correction of details in ration card, challan fee form for ration card, declaration form for ration card, application for inclusion of name in electoral roll, application for objecting inclusion or seeking deletion of name in electoral roll, application for correction to particulars entered in electoral roll and application for transposition of entry in electoral roll are made available on the sites, the official press note states.At deputy collector/sub- divisional officers level, application for caste certificate (for OBC), application of caste certificate, affidavit for caste certificate, application for sound permission and application for conversion of land. At the collectors level/district level. Application for renewal of arms license, application for arms license, application for domicile certificate, application for natural calamity relief and application for conversion of land.At the directorate of civil supplies level, application for grant/renewal of wholesale/retail license are also made available on these sites", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "14974499", "title": "Traffic resumes on Imphal-Dimapur highway after five-day bandh", "text": "IMPHAL: Normal flow of vehicular traffic on the Imphal-Dimapur NH-2, land-locked Manipur's key supply route, resumed on Sunday after the Southern Angami Youth Organization (SAYO) suspended its total bandh in Nagaland.Some inter-state passenger buses and more than fifty fuel tankers that were stranded for quite a long time in Assam crossed the Nagaland border and entered Manipur on Sunday morning giving a breather to the people facing acute shortage of fuel. A large number of empty trucks also left Imphal along the same highway to bring in essential commodities from Assam and West Bengal.Denouncing the recent hijacking of a mini-truck from Kohima by four miscreants from Manipur, SAYO volunteers began surprise checking of Manipur-registered vehicles on NH-2 from July 6 till they imposed the 96-hour bandh on the same route in Nagaland from July 11. As demanded by SAYO, Manipur police handed over the two miscreants along with the truck to the Nagaland police on Saturday. Following the development, the Nagaland youth body suspended the bandh from 4.30 pm.The four culprits, who came in a car on June 21, hired the truck from Kohima to travel to Manipur and on reaching Tadubi area in Manipur's Senapati district, they drugged the truck driver and his friend. As the two were unconscious, the four dumped them on the roadside and drove the truck towards Imphal. SAYO said the decision to suspend the band was taken following the 'partial fulfillment' of its demand by the Manipur government by way of handing over the arrested two along with the hijacked vehicle to Nagaland Police for further investigation of the case.Lauding both Manipur and Nagaland government for extending their active cooperation in recovering the hicjacked truck and pulling up the two culprits, the youth body exuded confidence that the remaining two culprits would be nabbed soon. It, however, said depending on the subsequent legal proceedings of the case, the bandh could be resumed any time. During the bandh, people had to travel along the dilapidated NH-37 (Imphal-Silchar route), the alternative lifeline of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14985620", "title": "Shiromani Akali Dal blames Congress for undermining authority of election commission", "text": "AMRITSAR: After winning Dasuya byelection, Shiromani Akali Dal (B ) has blamed the state Congress for undermining the constitutional authority of the Election Commission of India (ECI) .The Congress party had after its defeat in recently concluded municipal corporation elections said that it would have won the polls if it had been held under the monitoring of election commission and now it is alleging rigging of a byelection which had been conducted by the same ECI, youth Akali Dal president and revenue minister Bikram Singh Majithia said in a statement issued here on Monday.He said that central forces were deployed in Dasuya election as per the demands of Punjab Congress and still they are claiming that the election was unfair.Majithia said that this was the third successive win of the ruling alliance in the elections held in the state. He said that the Congress party had failed to match the development oriented policies of the SAD-BJP alliance and its leadership had failed to perform.On the allegations of state Congress party president Amarinder Singh that government had rigged the Dasuya polls, he quipped . \" state congress chief has gone berserk after repeated shocks of defeat at the hands of the SAD-BJP combine so he is making such statements\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14968993", "title": "Power supply code may be in place by Sept", "text": "NEW DELHI: The much delayed Delhi Electricity Supply Code and Performance Standard Regulations, 2010, are likely to be notified by the regulator by September-end. While announcing the revised tariff for financial year 2012-13 late last month, Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission had listed the supply code regulations as a consumer-friendly initiative. DERC said they would be notified within three months.At the public hearing for the performance code regulations in May, suggestions were made to make discoms accountable, some of which have been incorporated in the new proposal. \"There was a lot of dissatisfaction on account of delays in getting new connections and testing of meters. Power thefts were another sore point. The new supply code will allow for penalizing of discoms. We will make efforts to reduce consumer harassment. Accordingly, we have revised the provisions and brought in more clarity and transparency in the system,\" said a senior official.The penalties range from Rs 10 to Rs 500 per day depending on the lapse and nature of problem. These will have to be adjusted against consumers' bills but not later than 90 days from the date of violation of a guaranteed standard.Discoms have to provide a new connection within 30 days of receiving the application or pay Rs 10 per Rs 1,000 of the demand charges deposited by the consumer for each day of default.However, there are some sticking points. DERC has clarified that while non-compliance of the regulations will be considered a violation, discoms cannot be penalized and will not be liable to pay any compensation if the violation is due to failure on the part of a state or central transmission utility, a fault in the transmission licensee's network, or on account of instructions given by the state load dispatch centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "14970501", "title": "24 sonography centres banned in Akola", "text": "AKOLA: The recognition of 24 sonography centres in Akola district was cancelled by the authorities for indulging in unfair practices, official sources said here. Eight more centres are also likely to face action.The district administration inspected 95 centres and served notices to 32 of them as part of the drive against female foeticide and female infanticide. 17 sonography centres in Akola, six in Akot tehsil and one in Murtizapur were derecognized.Sources said recognition of six centres in Akola and one each in Patur and Hiwarkhed is likely to be cancelled in the near future.Dr Devendra Paturkar, district civil surgeon, said both sides would be heard in the next meeting of abortion control committee and a decision about their fate would be taken thereafter.With the male-female ratio declining, the drive against illegal abortion centres would help control the problem, sources said. Only termination of foetus of male or female with deformity detected during sonography test is allowed under the PCPNDT Act.Despite a move, the several couples are facing the problems of foetus with deformity according to some unofficial sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14987569", "title": "Sona gets into another catfight", "text": "This actress seems to getting more popular for her off-screen tiffs than her on-screen performances. The latest is that Sona Heiden has been blasting some socialite because she called her Soniya Agarwal's 'chamcha'. According to media reports, this happened at a recent event in Chennai which all the ladies were attending. Apparently, Sona was so miffed with this lady for her remark that she blasted her in front of everyone. Sona stated to media that she and Soniya were very good friends and had been through times and always supported each other. But someone else was overheard saying at this event,\"Both Sona and Soniya are out of work, I don't think they should be complaining about anything. In fact, they should be thankful, they are even invited to such functions.\" Looks like there's another catfight brewing...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14974909", "title": "Gopalkrishna Gandhi opts out of Vice-President race", "text": "NEW DELHI: Putting a lid over speculation about his entry into the vice-presidential race, former West Bengal governor Gopalkrishna Gandhi on Sunday categorically said that he would not contest for the post. \"I have thanked West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee for having thought of me and suggested to the UPA partners my name for the Vice-Presidential election,\" he said.Asked whether any other leader had requested him to enter the fray, Gandhi said, \"Some people approached me, but I said thank you. I will not.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14991373", "title": "'Facebook may plunge to quarterly loss of $350.6m'", "text": "LONDON: Social networking site Facebook will, reportedly, plunge to a quarterly loss of 350.6 million dollars due to payouts associated with its much-hyped stock market flotation in May, figures have revealed.According to Wall Street analysts, Facebook will post a net loss for the second quarter, compared with the 137 million dollar profit it made in the first three months of the year and will present its debut set of results as a listed company a week on Thursday.In the prospectus to its Nasdaq initial public offering, which was hit by technical glitches, Facebook stated that it expects to record a second-quarter loss due to payouts it had to make to its early investors, staff and key stakeholders, including founder Mark Zuckerberg , as part of its flotation, the Daily Express reports.Analysts claim that Facebook will post a net loss for the second quarter, compared with the 137 million dollars profit it made in the first three months of the year and expect the firm to post second-quarter revenues of 1.15 billion dollars, compared with the 1.06 billion dollars it registered for the preceding quarter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "14974260", "title": "Moderate intensity earthquake hits Kohima", "text": "KOHIMA: An earthquake of moderate intensity shook parts Nagaland in the small hours today, but there was no report of any loss of life or property.According to the India Meteorological Department, an earthquake of 5.5 magnitude in the Richter Scale took place at 1.25 am this morning with its epicentre located somewhere in Kohima district of Nagaland.The quake originated 35 km below the surface, the IMD said.Today earthquake followed two moderate intensity earthquakes that shook parts of North Eastern states including Nagaland on July one.While a tremor of 4.8 magnitude in the Richter Scale took place at 1.13 am in Arunachal Pradesh , the second one occurred at 9.43 am measuring 5.8 in the Richter scale with its epicentre located in the Phek region of Nagaland.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14970136", "title": "3 held for labourers' murder", "text": "PUNE: The Pune rural police on late Saturday night arrested three persons for allegedly murdering two labourers and dumping their bodies in a well at Shindewadi village near Katraj Ghat on July 10.The suspects have been identified as Panjab Shinde (21), Navnath Bandal (24) and Vasant Shinde (21), all from Shindewadi. Their accomplice, one Dattatreya Pawar, is still at large. The trio has been charged under sections 302 (murder) and 201 (Causing disappearance of evidence of offence) of the Indian Penal Code.The Rajgad police, who fall under the jurisdiction of the Pune rural police, on Saturday had recovered highly decomposed bodies of Ramnath Gupta (23) and Kisandeo Gupta (22), both of Shindewadi, who originally hail from Uttar Pradesh. The duo had been missing since July 10. Their family members had lodged a missing person's complaint on July 12.On Saturday, the two bodies, tied together with rope, were found floating in a well owned by one Vijay Gogavale. The Pune fire brigade removed the bodies from the well. Fabrication contractor Manoj Kale, with whom the duo worked, later ascertained the identities.Police sub-inspector Hanmantrao Shinde of the Rajgad police station said that during investigations, a friend of the labourers revealed the names of the four suspects. \"He had fled from the village after the incident but returned after the bodies were traced on Saturday,\" Shinde said.He told the police that the suspects knew that the victims and the friend had some cash, as they had just received their salaries. On the night of July 10, the suspects demanded money from the three of them to purchase liquor. \"However, they refused, after which the suspects thrashed them,\" Shinde said.He said that the victims' friend managed to escape. \"The suspects later assaulted Ramnath and Kisandeo with empty beer bottles and half-burnt wooden logs from a nearby crematorium and killed them,\" Shinde said.The suspects then removed the clothes of the duo, which were soaked in blood. They tied them together with a nylon rope and dumped the bodies in a well. \"We have seized two broken beer bottles, two half-burnt wooden logs and a rope from the spot,\" Shinde added.The suspects were produced before the court on Sunday. Seeking their police custody, public prosecutor Rajendra Suryavanshi told the court that police wanted to interrogate them as their accomplice was still at large. Police also wanted to recover the clothes of the deceased.The suspects were remanded to police custody till July 19.eom/mt", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14989918", "title": "Central University of Orissa is coming up with new industry-specific courses", "text": "To increase the employability and curb shortage of skilled manpower in the country, the Central University of Orissa (CUO) at Koraput is coming up with many industry-specific innovative courses.\"There is a great need for skilled work force and job oriented courses in the country, we have a lot of skill development courses coming up in the near future to help generate employment in rural areas,\" said Dr Surabhi Banerjee, vice-chancellor, CUO.\"There are around 15 courses on offer, like civil construction with training in masonry, carpentry, etc BPO training, medical transcription, mushroom cultivation, a three-year bachelor's programme for physician assistants for plus two science pass outs, among others,\" shared Dr Surabhi.The three-year graduate programme for physician assistants will be a very technical course which will train the person to be a bridge between the doctor and the patient, she added.The focus will be on healthcare and skill development with courses ranging from diploma to degree courses. The three-year-old university will offer four one-year diploma courses in different aspects of medical care for science graduates.These include renal dialyses technology, operation theatre (OT) technology, medical transcription and central sterile supply department (CSSD) technology. We have an agreement with Narayana Hrudayalaya, Bangalore, for collaboration of healthcare related courses.The varsity also plans to offer post graduate diploma in public health and nutrition in collaboration with Public Health Foundation of India (PHFI). There also plans for a medical college and hospital inside its upcoming campus. \"We have submitted a detailed project to the University Grants Commission. We are hoping that the plan will be approved,\" said Dr Surabhi.These technical courses and innovative courses are the need of the hour for such remote and rural areas like Koraput. We also want to start on line courses in the university for students who cannot come to the campus, she further added.The university is steadily adding more courses to its bouquet. It started in 2009, with 5 courses and two schools. \"These new courses have already been approved by authorities and are at the advisory committee level for planning and designing of the course structures. We want the best from the industry to come and coach the students here,\" said Dr Surabhi.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14971248", "title": "Water tariff hike issue reaches court", "text": "MYSORE: The much-debated water tariff issue has taken a new twist with former legislator M K Somashekar filing a petition appealing the local court to restrain the Mysore City Corporation (MCC) from hiking the charges.The legislator, who made the state chief secretary and the principle secretaries the respondents in the case, argued that the MCC has no power to hike the water tariff by 500%. This hike is a violation of the State Municipalities Act which restricts water tariff hike only up to 15%, he pointed out. He contended that the corporation, which received funds from the Centre under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission ( JNNURM), has entered into a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the latter against hiking the water tariff without the government's consent.\"One of the clauses of the MoU states that the MCC unilaterally cannot hike the water tariff,\" Somashekar told TOI .The court admitted the petition and issued notices to all the respondents, he added.The Centre has given Rs 1,864 to the MCC for various works and the latter has spent more than Rs 303 crore on water works and improvement of supply system in the city.On the other hand, the argument of the former legislator is that as Vani Vilas Water Works, which supplies water to the city, runs on no-profit-no-loss basis and it cannot hike water tariff by 500%.He also took a dig at district in-charge minister S A Ramdas, who has promised to direct the MCC to withdraw the order and accept water bills at old rates, for failing to keep his words even after a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14968649", "title": "Probe on Dalit monument starts", "text": "NOIDA: The UP Lokayukta's probe on the stones used in the construction the Rashtriya Dalit Prerna Sthal in Noida has begun. Questions were raised about the stones used in the construction of Mayawati's controversial project in the city. The report of the analysis and evidence will be submitted to the UP Lokayukta chief justice NK Mehrotra between July 19 and July 26.Speaking to TOI on Sunday, UP Lokayukta NK Mehrotra said that, \"We have started probing the matter. I have ordered concerned authorities to share details.\"On asked about major misappropriation reported during the investigation into the matter, Mehrotra said, \"So far only the fact finding process is going on. It will take time to establish either irregularities were made into the matter or not.\"The director mining department had submitted his report to the government on April 2, 2012 in connection with the bungling in purchase of sand stone from Mirzapur, Sonebhadra, Bayana (Bharatpur) and Jaipur in Rajasthan for the constructions of these memorials in Lucknow and Noida between 2007 and 2011. The sand stones were used in the memorials in Noida and Lucknow.According to sources in the Noida Authority there are certain irregularities in the overall construction cost of the project which are currently being investigated by the Lokayukta. \"There is a question of how the total sum of Rs 150 crore was spent by the UP Rajkiya Nirman Nigam during the project. The explanation hasn't been given to the Noida Authority,\" said a senior official of the Authority.With the widening of scope of the investigation, the government has targeted senior BSP leaders who were powerful ministers during previous regime. Significantly the government has also allowed the Lokayukta take the services of EOW, which is an investigative wing headed by a DG level officer of the police department. As per the notification the Lokayukta would himself decide action plan.During Mayawati regime the government had constructed Ambedkar Smarak, Kanshi Ram Smarak, Baudh Vidhar Shanti Upvan, Kanshi Ram eco-garden, Kanshi Ram Sanskriti sthal, Rama Bai Ambekdar sthal, Prateek Stahl Samta Moolak Chauraha in Lucknow and Dalit Prerna Sthal and Green Garden on an area of 33 acre in Noida. As per the government records the total cost of these memorials was Rs. 5919 crore.Immediately after installation of the SP government in March 2012 the chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had announced to conduct probe into massive financial irregularities in the constructions of these memorials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14971687", "title": "Driver kills flat mate in scuffle over TV show", "text": "KOLKATA: A brawl over a television show led to a driver killing his flatmate in Amir Ali Avenue late on Saturday. Police have arrested the accused driver, Jatindra Shaw.The victim, Gourhari Mandal, and Shaw used to work as drivers for a firm. They used to stay in the same flat. On Saturday, after coming from work, both Mandal and Shaw wanted to watch two separate television shows. Soon an altercation broke out between the two over who will watch the television.Shaw became furious and in a fit of rage hit Mandal's head with a door ram. Mandal was critically injured and rushed to a nearby hospital where he was declared dead.Later, a complaint was lodged against Shaw at Karaya police station following which Shaw was arrested on Sunday.Gourhari Mandal, a driver by profession was killed following a brawl over watching television with another driver at Amir Ali Avenue under Karaya police station late on Saturday. The police have arrested Jatindra Shaw, the accused.Both Mandal and Shaw used to work as drivers for a firm. They used to stay at the same flat. On Saturday after coming from work, both Shaw and Mandal wanted to watch two separate television shows and an altercation occured between them as to who will watch the television. Shaw became furious as in a fot of rage, he hit on Mandal's head with a door ram. Critically injured, Mandal was rushed to a nearby hospital where he was declared dead. Later a complaint was lodged against Shaw at Karaya police station and he was arrested on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14990056", "title": "Anne Hathaway\u2019s baby bump visible", "text": "The Dark Knight Rises actress and her fiance Adam Shulman reportedly went for dinner with their family and some close friends on Thursday night and the couple arranged the occasion to announce the happy news.The loved-up pair's news was met with a joyous reaction and the party celebrated late into the evening.A source told the website, \"Not only did both Anne and Adam have their parents at dinner with them, which is unusual, but the amount of enthusiasm and excitement made it clear that they were celebrating some major news, and while everyone else sipped on wine at dinner, Anne didn't drink any alcohol, which is an indication that she could be pregnant.\"The ecstatic party went for dinner at the Picholine restaurant on the Upper West Side of Manhattan and Anne was reported to have a visible bump.The source added, \"It looked like there was a bump on her belly. Anne and Adam are already engaged, so the only other good news could be a baby on the way!\"The 29-year-old actress and her actor beau have been together since 2008 and have been engaged since last November. The couple are yet to set a date for their wedding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "nainital", "code": "14989440", "title": "Madhumita Shukla murder case: HC upholds life sentence to Amarmani Tripathi", "text": "NAINITAL: The Uttarakhand high court on Monday upheld the life imprisonment awarded to former Samajwadi Party MLA Amarmani Tripathi, his wife and two others in the poetess Madhumita Shukla murder case.A division bench of the high court comprising Chief Justice Barin Ghosh and Justice U C Dhayani also awarded life imprisonment to Prakash Pandey, who was earlier let off by the Dehradun CBI court for want of evidence.Rejecting the petition of the four convicts, the court said that no relief can be granted to Amarmani or any other convict since their role in Madhumita Shukla's murder has been proved by the CBI, said Virednra Singh Adhikari, counsel for Nidhi Shukla, sister of the slain poetess.The court also directed the trial court to take Pandey into custody immediately.Amarmani Tripathi, his wife Madhumani and two others Rohit Chaturvedi and Santosh Kumar Rai were convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment by the Dehradun court in 2007 for hatching a conspiracy and killing Shukla in Lucknow in 2003.The investigations revealed that the poetess was pregnant when she was murdered and both Pandey and Rai went to her house and shot her dead.Today's ruling is a setback for Tripathi, who has made several attempts in the past to get bail to be able to contest state assembly and Lok Sabha elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14975208", "title": "Guwahati molestation case: Special team to probe the incident, 3 more arrested", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assam police have formed a 'Special Investigation Team' (SIT) to speed up probe in the G S Road molestation case. The SIT has also announced a monetary reward for anyone who informs the police about the molesters' whereabouts. \"Anyone who will inform about the main culprit Amar Jyoti Kalita will be awarded with Rs 1 lakh. Information about the others will be awarded with Rs 25,000. However, we are yet to trace Amarjyoti,\" said Ranjan Bhuyan, SP Operation who will lead the SIT.S K Thakur, ASP Border; Puravi Mazumdar, DSP provisionary and Abdul Hamid , DSP (DG) will also be a part of the SIT. Apart from these officers, there will be five teams for field works headed by Sub Inspectors.Late on Saturday, The Bhangagarh police nabbed two more accused persons in connection with the case. The two - Nabajit Deka and Diganta Basumatary - were employed at the bar where the incident started. The police also confirmed the involvement of one Ghanashyam Mollik, who was handed over to Bijni Police in Chirang district on Saturday evening.In total, the police have now arrested seven in the case. According to the police, the two were the part of the mob that molested the girl in public. \"They were among the group of men and were seen in the video footages of the news channels,\" the police said. However, the duo have said that though they were present at the scene, they were in no way involved with the molestation of the girl.Meanwhile, rumours about the arrest of prime accused Amar Jyoti Kalita at Bhubaneshwar station in Odhisa spread in Guwahati on Sunday evening. However, Bhuyan denied that any arrest had been made and said: \"We have checked and he has not been arrested yet.\" Odisha DGP Prakash Mishra also denied the arrest of Kalita. \"We have no information about the arrest of anyone related to the Guwahati molestation case here,\" he said.Police sources said Kalita frequently contacted a particular mobile number in Bhubaneshwar. \"We have alerted our sources there. He is an IT guy and is very smart,but we are sure we will nab him soon,\" said a cop. The police are also finding it difficult to probe the case as the victim is not fully cooperating. \"We have tried to contact her several times, but she is hesitating to talk to us. Without her cooperation it will be very difficult for us to conduct proper investigation,\" he added.With inputs from Debobrata Mohapatra in Bhubaneswar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14969173", "title": "Your doctor is just a click away", "text": "GURGAON: A unique initiative, www.bookmydoctor.com has made booking an appointment with 6000 doctors in Delhi and NCR easier. The health-care portal allows patients to conveniently schedule their appointments with the doctors through internet, without paying any extra for it.This portal will be beneficial for patients as well as doctors. With the help of this portal, one can search doctors with specializations, as nutritionist, physiotherapist and can also search hospitals, clinic and pathology labs, gyms/spa and beauty clinics.Now, patients do not have to wait in queues for appointments and checkups at any doctor's clinic or any hospital. It is a very a convenient and reliable method to connect with the medical professionals. \"When you visit a doctor, he may not have the time to answer all your queries or you may forget to ask an important question. Many doctors are happy to refer the medium of online consultation to their patients. For an online consultation, you will need to register at the website. It will connect patients to doctors and also provide information about the medical requirements as and when required,\" said Dinesh Arora, Director of the portal.\"It will allow patients to conveniently schedule their appointments with the doctors of their choice, depending on the kind of disease or problems they are suffering from at present,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14972920", "title": "Property disputes killed 186 in the state in 2011", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Property disputes contributed a 16 per cent of total murder cases reported last year in Gujarat. The state overall reported a rise of 10 per cent in violent crimes including murder and attempt to murder as per National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) publication - Crimes in India, 2011. According to the study, other major reasons for the murders in the state include love affairs and personal enmity or vendetta.As per the report, barring Vadodara, other major cities have recorded rise in murders reported. Surat reported 100 murders whereas Ahmedabad came second with 95. However, districts and smaller centers contributed to 76 per cent of the total cases reported. Out of total victims more than 80 per cent were males.\"We have observed in the recent past that most of the cases where property disputes are reported as reason for murder, land comes into the picture in one way or other.\" said a senior state police official. \"In many areas including Ahmedabad district and parts of south Gujarat, the land prices have skyrocketed overnight due to slew of developmental activities. It has led to inter and intra-family disputes while staking their claims on the ancestral property.\"Officials added that steps such as establishment of special investigation team (SIT) have been taken to address the issue.Rape incidents have also increased from 408 incidents, reported in 2010, to 439 in 2011. Ahmedabad reported the highest - with 60 rapes, among the cities followed by Surat with 36. The analysis of these cases revealed that most of the victims were from the age group of 18-30 years. In most of the cases, the perpetrators were known to the victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14991554", "title": "Citi may be working on Facebook banking", "text": "NEW DELHI: Global banking giant Citi has turned to the social media to gauge the public mood on offering banking transactions through Facebook -- a service already being offered by Indian banking giant ICICI Bank.US-based Citigroup attracted the attention of hundreds of people within minutes of it posting messages on social networking platforms Twitter and Facebook about banking services on Facebook.\"If you could do your banking on Facebook - Would you?,\" Citi asked on its official Twitter and Facebook pages, evoking mixed reactions from the public -- ranging from a straight 'no' to certain \"yes\" and also comprising of many guarded replies expressing concerns about safety issues.While Citibank was non-committal on whether it was actually planning to offer banking services on Facebook, most of the replies to its message asked whether it would be secure to conduct banking transactions through a social networking platform like Facebook.The message was posted by Citi on its global Facebook and Twitter pages, but most of the comments appeared to have come from Indians.Citi is known for having brought many innovations into the world of banking, including the advent of 24X7 banking through ATMs and various other smart banking offerings.However, it seems to have lost the race to India's largest private sector bank, ICICI Bank, when it comes to offering banking services through Facebook.Earlier this year, ICICI Bank launched its Facebook banking application, through which its customers can carry out a number of banking related tasks such as checking account details, getting account statements, upgrading debit card and cheque book enquiry.Also, it claims that checking account through the 'ICICI Bank App' on Facebook is completely safe and secure due to features such as \"Secure SSL connection, two-factor authentication process (and) activity details not (being) published on Facebook Wall.\"\"There is no charge for this application. ICICI Facebook banking application is totally secured. All communication between the app and ICICI server is encrypted. No data is stored on Facebook. All communication is secured and encrypted,\" the bank says.As part of the security features, registration is subject to debit card and PIN authentication and access to application is subjected to separate PIN authentication generated by the user.It goes on to claim that a customer's account details would remain secure even if the Facebook ID is hacked.\"Since your account data is not stored on Facebook, your bank account is completely safe. Even if your Facebook ID is hacked, the hacker will not be able to access the application unless you have shared your application password with the hacker,\" ICICI Bank says on its Facebook page.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14968901", "title": "Doctors learn of recent advances in medicine", "text": "LUDHIANA: The use of a new drug, Dabigatran, in treatment of Atrial Fibrillation (irregular heart beat) and recent advances in the cure of epilepsy were discussed at the continuous medical education (CME) meet organized by the Indian Medical Association (IMA) Ludhiana, on Saturday. Around 120 doctors attended the CME held at a hotel on Ferozepur Road.Dr D P Singh Arora, president of IMA Ludhiana, and Dr Narjit Kaur, secretary, said, \"Medical profession is very challenging as constant research on newer and more effective treatments are coming up everyday. Thus regular CME updates are required for knowing the latest treatments for all diseases.\"Talking about recent advances in Atrial Fibrillation, Dr R P Singh from Apollo Hospital told the doctors about a new drug, Dabigatran, which acts as an anticoagulant. \"This new drug needs no monitoring unlike older drugs with low molecular weight Heparin and Warfarin. It can be given to patients who cannot get hospitalized and can not come for daily monitoring.\" He added, \"Dabigatran is administered at a dose of 150mg, as compared to Warfarin, and is associated with lower rates of complications.\"Dr R S Bhatia who spoke on epilepsy, discussed in detail the etiology, pathogenesis and treatment of the disease. Dr Gaurav Sachdeva, an IMA member and physician at a private hospital, said, \"Doctors who attended the CME got to know a lot about Atrial Fibrillation and Epilepsy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14972484", "title": "Bus falls into gorge killing 14 Amarnath yatris in J&K;", "text": "SRINAGAR: A Jammu &amp; Kashmir transport corporation bus skidded off rain swept roads of the Srinagar-Jammu National Highway near Ramban late on Saturday, killing 14 Amarnath pilgrims and the driver. The bus rolled deep into a gorge called Digdol Nallah as it was on its way from Srinagar.The police said the driver, Angrez Singh, lost steering control. The yatris were travelling towards Jammu after a darshan at the Amarnath shrine.The 18 people injured in the accident are stated to be critical while bodies of 14 others have been recovered so far. A massive rescue operation was launched by the police and the Army which ended on Sunday afternoon, the police said. The injured are at the Ramban district hospital from where some of those critical were referred to a Jammu hospital, police said, adding that most victims were from different parts of the country.Chief minister Omar Abdullah has sanctioned Rs 1 lakh each to the kin of the deceased and Rs 10,000 to those injured.Wet roads proved fatal elsewhere in the state as well with five people dying and 11 others injured across the Valley on Sunday. A motorcycle with three youths crashed into an electric pole at Newa Pulwama, resulting on the spot death of one Fida Hussain of Chatergam Budgam. Two others were injured in the accident, with the condition of one among them stated to be critical.In another accident, a young girl Shameema of Khansahib Budgam was hit by a passing vehicle when she stuck her neck out through the window of a bus in which they were heading for a picnic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14968800", "title": "Rajesh Khanna recovering in hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: Actor Rajesh Khanna is recovering at Bandra's Lilavati Hospital. The former MP was admitted to the hospital on Saturday for a thorough check-up after being discharged barely a week ago. Hospital authorities confirmed that Khanna was recovering well, but refused to comment on this nature of his illness or the tests he was undergoing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "14973629", "title": "Contractual nurses' stir affects health services", "text": "CUTTACK: Health services were partially affected at SCB Medical College and Hospital as 420 contractual nurses went on an indefinite strike to press for their demands on Sunday. The nurses staged demonstration at the SCB hospital campus demanding regularization of jobs and hike in salary.Sources said indoor services were affected at the hospital, which has only 280 regular nurses, along with the contractual staff. \"The strike of the contractual nurses has definitely affected the services at SCB hospital. There are very few nurses in the ward and we have to request them a number of times to change the drips of our patient,\" said Saroj Bhuyan, relative of a patient.Hospital authorities, however, claimed alternative arrangement has been made to deal with the situation. \"The situation is completely under control and there is nothing to worry. We have deployed nursing supervisors and students of the nursing college. Emergency services have not been affected at all,\" said Sanjita Das, administrative officer of the hospital.The situation at Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Post-Graduate Institute of Paediatrics, popularly known as Sishu Bhawan, was no better. Health care services were affected at the pediatric hospital, which has 60 contractual nurses against 34 regular posts. Sishu Bhawan superintendent Hiranya Mohanty, however, said, \"Emergency services were not affected at the hospital as we have deployed 12 NRHM nurses to face the shortage of nurses. But if the strike continues for more days, things will turn difficult.\"The all Odisha contractual nurses association has threatened to continue the strike until their demands are fulfilled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14969055", "title": "Fire safety drills a must for schools", "text": "MUMBAI: Weeks after the Mantralaya fire, the school education minister has announced that fire safety drills will be conducted in all the state's schools.\"A Supreme Court judgement focuses on the importance of fire safety in schools. We will soon bring out a government resolution (GR) in continuation to it,\" said state education minister Rajendra Darda.Following the death of 83 children in a Tamil Nadu school fire in July 2004, a writ petition was filed in the Supreme Court. On April 13, 2009, the apex court ordered all government and private schools to strictly comply with safety measures prescribed by the National Building Code of India (NBCI) in 2005 and asked states and Union Territories to de-recognize schools not complying with safety measures. Soon after the ruling, on September 23, 2009, the urban development department, Government of Maharashtra, issued a notification to commissioners of all municipal corporations, directors, the municipal administration and CEOs of zilla parishads to implement the court order.\"A fire audit in schools in ground-plus-one buildings is mandatory, and we will ensure it is implemented. We are worried about the safety of children studying in schools,\" said Darda. A meeting was held few days after the fire at Mantralaya and a second meeting will be held next week. \"Many of our papers got destroyed in the fire so it is taking a while to get the new GR ready. By next week, we will try and send out instructions to schools about the rules and regulations that schools must follow,\" he said.Meanwhile, the students' wing of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena has urged the state government to make fire audits at schools and colleges mandatory.Most already adhering to norms?MUMBAI: Even as the state education department is busy forming new fire safety guidelines, TOI checked with schools from all boards and found that most are already adhering to state government rules.\"Every school follows guidelines mentioned by the fire department. The government should check if the rules are still being followed,\" said Carl Laurie, principal, Christ Chur-ch School, Byculla. Schools were sent a list of notifications in 2009, after a Supreme Court order on the issue.\"Our schools are equipped with fire-extinguishers in every corner of the building and we conduct mock-drills annually. All security measures were in place but after the recent Mantralaya fire, schools have become more vigilant. We have gone through fire safety measures all over again,\" said Fr Francis Swamy, principal, Holy Family High School, Andheri (E). He said it was time to re-check safety norms in schools and conduct workshops with students on fire drills and other safety measures.It is now mandatory for schools to get a certificate from the fire department before they receive a no-objection certificate from the education department. \"Apart from this, the Central Board of Secondary Examinations (CBSE) makes it mandatory for schools to be equipped with fire safety rules and only then do we get a board certification,\" said Avnita Bir, principal, R N Podar School.The problem lies with schools established decades ago. \"Schools are always equipped but structural changes to buildings seem impossible now. We are trying to work around some problems, but if the government makes it mandatory, we will have no option\" said the principal of a south Mumbai school. The education department plans to notify schools statewide in the next week on fire safety rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14974513", "title": "Numbers game scores a hit", "text": "Number crunching could not have been a more serious business than on Sunday, when the city hosted the Times Su-Doku Championship. Similar rounds were also hosted in Delhi, Bangalore and Chennai.From a family of three generations to eight-yearold twins, 4,000 people signed themselves up at B N Vaidya Sabhagraha in Dadar, the place where the numbers puzzle contest was hosted. Buzzing with activities, the venue donned a festive look right from the morning when contestants started trickling in, armed with writing boards and other stationeries.For the Vanamalis, it was a day to cherish as the entire family of four decided to spend the day together , solving the numbers game. The patriarch, 61-year-old R Vanamali, and his eight-year-old grandson, Dhruv B Vanamali, could be seen engrossed solving 2*3 grid problems. \"All of us in the family solve Su-doku and we had an exciting time today. We are used to solving 9*9 grids but 2*3 does put up a challenge,\" said R Vanamali, even as his grandson sat hiding behind his father, Abhishek Vanamali . \"Usually, my father and son stay engrossed in Su-doku . Today, I thought I too should join them,\" said Abhishek.In the first row of the hall, a pair of eight-year-old twins, Arnav and Akshay Nevgi, seemed to be completely lost to the rest of the world, concentrating soleley on their puzzles.At the end of the day and several rounds, four young boys topped the list and on July 22, they are all set to take on 12 other finalists from across the country. The four highest scorers in that contest will get the opportunity of representing the country at the World Sudoku Championship in Croatia this October. Though they emerged winners on Sunday, the four\u2014Rohan Rao (21), Gaurav Korde (26), Dr Omkar Hendre (25) and Himanshu Mittal (23)\u2014said the competition was not easy for them at all. \"It was a difficult contest,\" said Rao, who has earlier represented the country in many international Su-doku championships . \"Many strong candidates could not make it to the finals,\" said Korde.Incidentally, it was at other Su-doku contests that the four got acquainted to each other.An IIT-graduate, Mittal, like the other three, complains that they hardly have any platform in India where they can prtactise to hone their skills. \"In European countries, dedicated Sudoku magazines are published where enthusiasts can solve puzzles. But here, we only have a few newspapers carrying the puzzles and those are too elementary for us,\" he said. \"So, we have to depend on online puzzles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14969854", "title": "SNDP Yogam drops plan to form political outfit on its own", "text": "KOCHI: SNDP Yogam has finally dropped the proposal to form a political outfit on its own, but gave freedom to its members to pursue such a proposal.SNDP general secretary Vellappalli Natesan told TOI after the conclusion of the three-day conclave of the organization at Munnar on Sunday that many members of the Yogam wanted to form a political party.\"But we chose to avoid such a step as members of different parties are members of the Yogam. So it will not be proper to form a party of our own. However, those Yogam members who are keen on it, can float a secular party by including the weaker sections in all communities and religions,\" he said.Natesan made it clear that the SNDP was not opposed to Muslims or Christians. \"We attack the Muslim League and Kerala Congress because of their wrong policies. Financially-backward Muslims and Christians are deprived of justice when they are in power,\" he said.He said he would meet NSS general secretary Sukumaran Nair before July 30 to work out strategies to protect the interests of the majority community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14989116", "title": "'Magarpatta' type model of land acquisition for Goa: Goa Golden Jubilee Development Council", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa government should consider a 'Magarpatta' type model of land acquisition for Goa, which helps the original land holders to retain a large faction of the land, the Goa Golden Jubilee Development Council (GGJDC) has stated.In the document, 'Goa 2035 Vision and Road Map' prepared by the council, this recommendation has been to ensure some benefit for the land losers in Goa. Large tracts of land in the small state have been lost for public utility and other projects.As of now, the industrial estates have been removed from the purview of village panchayats, with the results that the village loses an important resource, given the fact that it has still to deal with the pollution and loss of ground water caused by such estates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14978179", "title": "Tainted men get key portfolios", "text": "For the second time in a week, chief minister Jagadish Shettar has ignored the advice of governor HR Bhardwaj and allotted key portfolios to five tainted ministers in his new cabinet .While Murugesh R Nirani, V Somanna, CP Yogeshwar, MP Renukacharya retain the plum portfolios that they held under the Sadananda Gowda government , new entrant CT Ravi has been gifted with higher education ministry that was held by late VS Acharya, known for his integrity and honesty in public life.The new portfolios were notified through a government order (GO) on Sunday after getting the governor's assent.Last week, Bhardwaj had bowled a bouncer to a day-old BJP government asking Shettar not to consider tainted ministers in his new cabinet. Shettar , however, ducked it putting the blame on the BJP central leadership claiming that they prepared the lists of ministers and he had no role to play.Aware of the cold calculation of caste and money politics of the time, Bhardwaj asked Shettar at least to ensure that the five tainted ministers in the new ministry are not given plum portfolios, which majority of them previously held. But this time too, Shettar failed to take the governor's advice reportedly under pressure from ministerial colleagues.Raj Bhavan sources said the governor is miffed at Shettar for ignoring his advice twice but could hardly do anything but agree. Earlier, Bhardwaj had expressed his helplessness on such matters saying: `I can always guide, advise and suggest , but ultimately the governance is theirs (BJP). So whatever list they send it to me in writing, I need to approve.'' This has exposed Shettar's claim of working for the image makeover of the BJP government .There are five ministers and a dozen legislators in the Shettar cabinet, against whom cases have been filed either in the high court or in the Lokayukta court. Almost all cases pertain to alleged irregularities in land deals.New faces and new portfoliosJagadish Shettar (CM) - Finance, DPAR, cabinet affairs, information, mines and geology, IT &amp; BT, Science and TechnologyKS Eshwarappa (Dy CM) - Revenue and rural development and panchayat rajSogudu Shivanna - Ecology, planning and statisticsDN Jeevaraj - Food and civil suppliesSK Bellubbi - APMC and Haj &amp; wakfsArvind Limbavalli - Health and family welfareBJ Puttaswamy - CooperationAnand Singh - TourismKalakappa G Bandi - Women and child developmentKota Srinivas Poojary - Muzrai, ports and inland water transportAppachu Ranjan - Youth services and sportsSunil Vallyapure - Infrastructure development", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "sutia (gaighata)", "code": "14971452", "title": "Sutia fears return of black days of 2000-2002", "text": "SUTIA (GAIGHATA): She stands petrified amid a sea of grief-stricken villagers attending a condolence meet. She was raped by a gang of serial rapists at gunpoint in front of her parents 11 years back at Sutia, a tiny village blessed with cool green envelop in Gaighata about 80 kilometres from Kolkata. She is sobbing incessantly. The small pink hankie is almost saturated with her tears. Her fatigued eyes are preset on a life-sized garlanded portrait of a youth with a disarming smile on his face.The portrait placed on the podium was that of Barun Biswas, a schoolteacher who was shot dead a few days back in Gobardanga. The 39-year-old schoolteacher was one of the pioneers of Pratibadi Mancho, formed to resist the anarchy by the gang of rapists in the area.\"Barun Mama amader sob atyacharer jala vhulie diechilo, oi jontu guloke shasti diechhilo, (Barun uncle helped healing our wounds, he made it possible to book those beasts under the law of the country)\" murmurs a woman. A girl from a batch of school girls standing in front of a portrait of Barun Biswas whispers, \"amar aar hoyto pora hobe na....\"(most probably I'll have to stop my study) her voice starts chocking. Biswas emerging from a poor family used to lend helping hand to the needy students of the village and adjoining villages. \"Maser poila tarikhei or pocket khali hoe jeto (on the first day of the month he would exhaust all of his earnings),\" recalls Gitanjali Biswas, the mother of Barun.She adds, \"Amar tate khed nai, o manusher jonye kaj korechhe (Although I'm not unhappy as he worked for our people).\"Sutia the village near the Indo Bangla border of Gaighata, once gained notoriority for its about 33 serial gang rape cases, is virtually submerged into deep sorrow for its valiant son of the soil.The women of Sutia and adjoining areas are anxious and apprehend return of the black days of 2000-2002, when they lived literally at the mercy of God only, when returning home safe after dusk was a rare occurrence for them. \"Even the most imaginative bollywood director would fail to imagine such ambience of horror that would prevail in the village,\" sighs Shyamal Biswas sitting inside a tea shop at Sutia bazaar.\"lend a careful hearing, try to decode the whispers, who are the real culprit, who are the middle men between the Shushanta-Bireshwar gang and the young murderers, who are funding....\" adds Biswas. The amount of light emitted by the kerosene lamp is not sufficient to read the faces of villagers sitting mute and motionless inside the tea shop as the grief stricken Village is slowly engulfed by the darkness of night.Little Tutun Sarkar is satisfied with a meager puffed rice and molasses as her grief stricken mother is unable to cook. Sutapa (name changed on request), her mother, could not forget the night when the gang of Shusanta Chowdhury and Bireshwar Dhali pounced on their thatched house and raped her in front of her family members and on the very next morning there was only one man in the village who stood by her when nobody even dared to think of complaining to the police. He was none but Barun, a newly-employed young teacher of about 27 years. \"Boudi kichhu vebo na, oder shasti hobei, ami achhi.... Dekho oder shasti hobei ( Don't worry, I'll get them punished),\" tells a sobbing Sutapa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14968458", "title": "Honchos soft targets for kidnap in Noida?", "text": "NOIDA: The abduction of the joint director of Petroleum Conservation Research Association (PCRA), Satender Narayan Tripathi, has shown that businessmen and senior officials of government companies and MNCs are becoming easy prey to kidnappers in Noida. Three high-profile kidnappings have been reported in the past 17 months, apart from a score of smaller ones.Noida police say that the needle of suspicion in the PCRA official's case points towards the criminals who were also involved in the kidnapping of businessmen Kapil Gupta and Saurabh Jain last year. \"The gang has been operating with youngsters that have no past history of crime making it difficult to trace them,\" said a senior police officer.SSP Praveen Kumar said, \"Preliminary probe points towards a strong possibility of 'experienced abductors' involved in the Kapil Gupta and Saurabh Jain cases executing this kidnapping too,\" adding, \"We have identified two suspects, Monu Gujjar and Sunny, who had kidnapped the businessmen. They are on the run and a reward of Rs 25,000 has been announced for their capture.\"Tripathi was abducted by seven persons in a Bolero car on the night intervening July 8 and 9 when he was standing barely 150 meters away from the Black Gold apartment in Sector Omega-I in Greater Noida. Tripathi told TOI, \"My wife was purchasing vegetables when the Bolero stopped next to me and the driver asked the way to Surajpur. Suddenly, four men walked out of the vehicle and tried to pull me inside. One of them even attacked me with a cricket bat.\"\"While I was fighting them, people gathered but no one tried to help. Soon I lost my energy and the abductors overpowered me. They beat me and pushed me in their vehicle,\" Tripathi said. \"After travelling for some time, they changed the vehicle's number plate to escape being identified. They initially demanded a ransom of Rs 2 crore, but after negotiations agreed for Rs 16 lakh,\" he added.Businessmen blame police inaction as well as public insensitivity to stop such crimes from happening. In Tripathi's case, he fought with his seven abductors and there were at least 40 people watching the scene for over 25 minutes. However, no one came forward to help.To find more details about Tripathi's abduction case, the police also questioned Monu Gujjar's father and cousin in the Sector 58 police station, who are in army. The accused also have criminal cases pending in the high court.\"We suspect that they must have abducted Tripathi to finance their legal battle,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14993403", "title": "CPM targets Obama for FDI remarks", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CPM on Monday sharply reacted to US President Barack Obama's remarks asking India to open up the retail sector to FDI, calling it \"a brazen attempt\" to pressurise the UPA government.Asking the government not to succumb to this \"pressure\", the CPI(M) Politburo said the party \"objects to the remarks made by Obama that India open the doors to Wal-Mart for retail trade and other American investments in India.\"Obama's remarks were \"a brazen attempt to pressurise the UPA government to adopt such steps as opening multibrand retail to FDI,\" it said, adding that the Manmohan Singh government \"should not succumb to this pressure.\"\"The CPI(M) wants the government not to open up retail trade to foreign supermarket chains which will endanger the livelihoods of lakhs of small shopkeepers and traders,\" the party said in a statement.Party leader Nilotpal Basu had on Sunday said the US \"wants us to open up our economy and market on their terms. For this purpose they are creating this pressure...As it is, no one believes that under the present situation, there will be any sea change in the investment scenario the world over.\"He had also said that Washington was \"giving us a certificate on investment and economy when it itself is facing economic problems. We have to ensure our national interests on our own. It is laughable.\"Other opposition parties, including the BJP, had also come down heavily on the US president's remarks that India prohibited foreign investment in too many sectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14970145", "title": "Salary hike for resource teachers", "text": "KOZHIKODE: State education minister P K Abdu Rabb has said that the government has decided to increase the salary of resource teachers employed in various schools in the state.He said the monthly salary of resource teachers who are employed on a contract basis under the integrated education for the disabled children will be increased from Rs 8,000 to Rs 10,000.The hike will be given with retrospective effect from April along with next month's salary. Rabb said the state is also planning to start institutes to train the teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14987314", "title": "Aparajito cast let their hair down", "text": "It was a wrap on Aparajito ,aired on a private Bengali entertainment channel and what a way to celebrate than by throwing a rocking party.On Saturday,cast members of the serial gathered at a city club to have a good time.Also present were child artistes Soham and Dwitipriya,who play important roles in the soap.All eyes,however,were on Jisshu Sengupta and wife Nilanjanna,who arrived at the do with their daughter Sara.Jisshu,who will soon be a dad for the second time,said,Its my time to pamper Nilanjanna.Our daughter Sara is also very excited about the prospect of having a sibling.The babys due around the end of this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14972898", "title": "More legal troubles plague Kalakshetra", "text": "CHENNAI: Arts institute Kalakshetra is in the eye of another storm with staff filing a second petition seeking to strike down rules under which its director Leela Samson was reinstated on June 29. The 61-year-old dancer had recently returned to the post after resigning in a huff over an age-related controversy.Samson had said that the governing board of the institute, which comes under the Union ministry of culture, told her that she could hold onto the post after retirement age. After she was reinstated, Sai Sankar, assistant professor in music at Kalakshetra Foundation, filed a petition recently at the Madras high court. \"The rules framed for the recruitment of director post under Kalakshetra Foundation Act, 1993, is not in consonance with the Act,\" said Sankar in his petition.He said that the rule was framed to accommodate Samson as director and had ignored the Central government stipulations. Another petition seeking Samson's removal based on her attaining superannuation is pending before the high court.According to Gopalkrishna Gandhi, chairman of the Kalakshetra Foundation, the institute continues to function despite the impending legal battle. \"Classes are proceeding as always. There have been positive developments such as the return of A Janardhanan, former principal, in an emeritus capacity,\" he said. Also, Pandanallur Swaminatha Pillai of the Pandanallur school of bharatanatyam is conducting a teaching workshop, he said.But the artist community finds the situation disturbing. \"I don't know about the legal developments but it is distressing. The art world is plagued by politics and conflict,\" said dancer Alarmel Valli.\"Something as marvelous as art should bring out the best in people. Instead, we are bogged down by backbiting and cutthroat competition and forget to focus on dance,\" she said. Under Samson, Kalakshetra flourished and she should be allowed to do her job, Valli added.After her dramatic return, artists and staff thought the controversy had ended. \"Beyond all these litigations I think the answers lies in a conversation between all the people involved -- the board, director and teachers -- keeping in mind the organisation,\" said musician T M Krishna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14967050", "title": "Pataudi family, kin may settle property row", "text": "BHOPAL: While most are focused on the wedding of Saif Ali Khan with Kareena Kapoor , the Pataudi family is trying to deal with a few knotty issues. A family get-together to resolve the private disputes is in the offing with the prospect of Sharmila Tagore arriving later this week. Nawab Mansoor Ali Khan's sister Saleha Sultan is already camping in Bhopal.\"I have arrived from the US last night. However I have plans to come to Bhopal before Ramzan begins,\" said Tagore. Sources close to the family suggest that Tagore could stay for up to a week during Ramzan, which is likely to begin from July 20.Putting up at the 'flag staff house' part of Ahmedabad palace, members of the erstwhile royal family of Bhopal off late have talked about their renewed connect with the city and its people. Like Sharmila Tagore, Saleha Sultan and her son Faiz Bing Jung too, stressed the need for better management of royal properties with religious and charitable significance. An issue with directly connects with the local population.\"The royal family has been entrusted as custodian of the Auqaf-e-Shahi (the royal wakf properties) and I would take up any role offered by the family to better manage it,\" Jung to TOI. Controversy surrounding the rubaats (guest house) in the holy city Mecca and Medina drew protests from many in the city during February.Saba Sultan, the daughter of Tiger Pataudi is the custodian of Auqaf-e-Shahi. However, with the impending marriage of Saif with Kareena, few in family are worried about the long-term consequences. \"The custodian of Auqaf-e-Shahi has to be a Muslim. We are apprehensive about the future,\" said Jung.Observers believe that families members of Pataudi's sisters are distressed over no settlement of disputes in sight close to year after Tiger's death. \"Calls for better management on religious and charitable properties indirectly pressurises Sharmila Tagore for resolving private property disputes. Her daughter, who is the custodian of Auqaf-e-Shahi, has till date not interacted with the public,\" said an observer.\"We have our own disputes, but that does not affect our personal relationships. It's time we resolved our disputes for the future generation,\" said Saleha Sultan, the eldest member of the Pataudi family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14967932", "title": "Girl roughed up by boyfriend's brother in Pali", "text": "JAIPUR: A 23-year-old girl from Mumbai was brutally beaten up for having an affair with a youth from a different caste in Pali district.The incident happened on Saturday. According to the statement of the girl, her boyfriend's brother hit her repeatedly on the face and other parts of the body with a stone and left her bleeding at an isolated place.Police suspected that as the girl and the boy were from different castes, the boy's brother must been opposed to the alliance making him to react in a violent way.They said, the girl, Pooja Thakur, a resident of a Mumbai had come in contact with one Naresh Prajapat. \"Naresh is a resident of Gajanipur village and was working in a firm in Mumbai,\" said Ratan Lal, in-charge of Sadar police station in Pali.He further said Pooja came to Gajanipur with Naresh three months ago and started living with him. \"However, Naresh's brother Goparam was opposed to their relationship. As per the girl's statement, he used to pressurize Naresh to leave her as she came from a different caste,\" the officer said.The officer said Goparam took the girl to Pali on his motorcycle on the pretext of some work on Saturday. \"He stopped the bike near Baniyawas village and attacked her with a stone. He damaged her face and other body parts severely. It seems he thought that the girl had died and fled from the spot,\" Lal said.However, some villagers spotted the girl in a pool of blood and informed the police. \"She was rushed to a hospital where she battle for life. Her condition is stable now. On the basis of her statement, we contacted her father in Mumbai. He has left for Pali,\" the officer said.Lal said a case has been registered against Goparam. \"He is on the run. We have rushed teams to various places in his search,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14970273", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav to gift new university to Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: On a day-long visit to Kanpur on Sunday, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said a new university would soon be established in Kanpur. Saying that education was an important focus area for his government, Akhilesh was responding to demands made by Kalyanpur MLA Satish Kumar Nigam. Saying Knpur played a key role in essaying Samajwadi Party's success in the assembly elections, the chief minister also said all development activities in Kanpur would be taken up on priority basis. Responding to demands for an additional hospital in the city, Akhilesh also said the construction would begin just as soon as the necessary land was acquired for the purpose.Akhilesh was speaking on the sidelines of a private function at Chaudhary Ramgopal Singh Law College in Meherban Singh Ka Purwa hamlet of Kanpur, where he inaugurated the law college, laid the foundation stone for a bigger auditorium and started electrification in nine villages, including Pipauri, Imlipur, Madanpur, Kharagpur, Igra and Fatehpur Gohi.Yadav announced that the work of construction of Mandhana-Bhauti bypass would commence soon. He also announced for the widening of Shivli Marg with Rs 12 crore, development of GT Road with an aid of Rs 3.40 crore, setting up of Rajkiya Balika Vidyalaya and a neurology centre in Kalyanpur, speeding up the work of construction of bridge over the Ganga in Bithoor (780 metres of bridge already constructed), construction of several flyovers in the city, including an elevated road between Phoolbagh and Chunniganj, speedy construction of bridge over Pandu river, linking Mandhana with Kesco for power supply and degree college for girls in Bithoor. The CM assured to revive Parag Milk Board which is presently under huge losses. He also accepted Sukhram Singh Yadav's demand of setting up of a large hospital and an international stadium like Green Park in Meherban Singh Ka Purwa.The CM announced that Ganga barrage would be connected to Shuklaganj which would facilitate movement of vehicles between Kanpur and Lucknow.Earlier, the programme began with the lighting of the lamp in the hall of the law college in presence of many Samajwadi Party leaders. Former MP and veteran SP leader Harmohan Singh Yadav, ministers Shiv Kumar Beria and Aruna Kori, MLAs Munindra Shukla, Satish Nigam and Irfan Solanki, MP from Fatehpur Rakesh Sachan, former chairman of Legislative Council Sukhram Singh Yadav, former MP Harmohan Singh Yadav, vice-chancellor of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University Ashok Kumar, former V-C of CSMU S S Katiyar, protocol minister Abhishek Mishra, Mohit Chaudhary, Varun Yadav, Balwant Singh and others were present.Hundreds of students of nursing and paramedics and BEd were also present. Yadav met the students and felicitated the meritorious ones with mementos and awards.The CM was welcomed by former chairman of Legislative Council and co-ordinator of the function Sukhram Singh Yadav.In his address, Yadav highlighted the priorities of his government to provide people with basic amenities like roads, power, drinking water and health services. He received a huge round of applause when he said that Kanpur has to be taken care of as its people have supported the party during the Assembly elections.\"We will have to take care of Kanpur. Despite major challenges like power-cuts and lack of other facilities, this city is doing export business worth Rs 6,000 crore and giving highest revenue to the state. The government is committed towards its development,\" he said.The capacity of the Panki power house would be increased to sort out the issue of power-cuts.\"The previous government has not worked in the direction of improving the ailing power scenario in the state. Transformers of poor quality were procured by them which are unable to take load when power supply is given. Therefore, it is the priority of the government to provide power to the city for which we will be purchasing good transformers and improve the power distribution system,\" the CM declared.He said that his government has blacklisted 10 companies who provided substandard transformers during the previous regime.Shifting his focus towards poor condition of roads, the CM said that his government has to make the city roads motorable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14969551", "title": "When 'capitalists' went art surfing at Shanghumugham", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Shanghumugham beach this weekend had something more than the sea and sand to offer to the visitors - 'the weekend art mart'. Organized by the Society for the Protection of Cultural Heritage (SPCH) and Shangri-la art gallery, the art mart aimed at promoting the painting culture among the city crowd.A group of artists brought their works displayed it near the sculpture of the mermaid. Soon there was a small crowd of curious onlookers. Occasionally people came forward to compliment the works and asked questions about the paintings on display. \"Most of the time they want to know the price. Rarely, do they ask about the paintings, when they find it hard to understand modern art pieces,\" said B Kunjimon, an artist.Another attraction of the art mart was the price of these paintings. \"Mostly people come here to relax and want to spend on corn and ice-creams. So, we want these paintings to be affordable to common people as well,\" said Shashi Kumar who is the promoter of the Shangri-ila art gallery and chairman of SPCH .\"The art mart gives a platform for the artists and its connoisseurs to meet and interact and nurture a friendly atmosphere,\" Shashi Kumar added. The weekend art mart has been going on in the city at the Shangri-ila art gallery, Thycaud for over a year. This was the first time the mart was held outside the gallery. Now the organizers have plans to organize the mart every week in different locations in the city frequented by tourists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14968178", "title": "7th cutoff today, new quota norm for OBC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The DU undergraduate admission for 2012-13 has reached the seventh cutoff but it's still full of twists and turns. Sources said the Delhi University administration had written to the principals of several colleges, asking them to admit students in the reserved category based on actual intake rather than the sanctioned strength of a class.The letter is expected to reach the principals on Monday, the day university is going to announce the seventh cutoff. The decision came after the human resource development ministry, after receiving a complaint, asked DU to provide reservations on the basis of actual intake as well as issue additional cutoff lists to ensure that the OBC quota is filled.\"The letter issued by the university authorities is based on the MHRD's letter to university earlier this month, the DU administration is writing to the colleges that instead of keeping seats for reserved categories based on sanctioned strength in various courses, reservation should be on actual intake,\" said a source.For example, if a course has 100 seats, 27% are reserved for OBC, 15% for SC and 7.5% for ST, leaving 50.5% seats for general candidates. Now against the sanctioned strength of 50.5 seats for general category, if the college admits 70 seats, the ratio of admission under the reserved category should also be on similar terms, said the officials. At present, OBC candidates are admitted on the basis of lists prepared using a cutoff mark, though it is not linked to the general category cutoff.In many cases, colleges end up admitting more than their sanctioned strength as it can't deny admission to a student who makes the cutoff, which is mostly true with science and other sought-after courses. Most of these students are from the general category. On the other hand, the admission process for students in the SC and ST categories is done in a centralized manner and the share of seats for SC/ST is calculated on the basis of the sanctioned strength.But college principals feel that this late notification may result in a critical situation where the college will be forced to keep increasing the number of reserved category seats in the courses where general category witnesses excess admissions.\"But if this is the policy, what about the courses where we didn't get adequate number of general candidates and has admitted less than the sanctioned number? Are we to decrease the number of reserved category seats proportionately?\" questioned a principal of south Delhi college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14973125", "title": "Will flamingos be electrocuted this year again?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Khadir is heading for a repeat of the 2011 incident where over 400 flamingos were electrocuted by high-tension wires. Despite orders from the forest department to lay underground cables to prevent frying the birds, Gujarat Electricity Transmission Company Limited (GETCO) has failed to carry out any work to lay the offending cables underground.Forest department officials said that last year over 400 birds were fried in mid-flight by contact with the high-tension wires. The episode was reported by The Times of India on December 1, 2011.Soon after the news was published, forest department met GETCO officials and jointly decided on laying underground cables as a remedy. Eight months after their assurances, GETCO has not fulfilled their promise.A senior official from the forest department said that the local GETCO office was sent several reminders and they assured the department that the tenders would be out soon. The company had failed to even forward a proposal to the Forest Department for the work.Officials said that only after several reminders did GETCO, a fortnight ago, forward a proposal seeking the necessary permissions. It will now be forwarded to the Wildlife Board of India which will give the final approval.\"It seems unlikely that the company will be able to lay underground cables before the next migration of the birds. In the coming fortnight water will begin to collect in the area and will recede only after December,\" said the officer.He said that GETCO officials kept saying that they were carrying out a survey. They then came up with an alignment report. \"We requested them to forward both proposals simultaneously so they could be cleared by the Wildlife Board of India and the work begun immediately. But the company did not heed the request,\" said a senior officer.The officer said that this year too, the forest department will have to install lights on the poles and have cellophane tapes put on the wires. He said these tapes kept would keep birds away from the wires because of the rustling sound they make. The department has also posted men with long sticks to scare the birds away from the wires.Principal secretary S K Nanda said, \"GETCO has purchased cables to lay underground, but are now waiting for approval from the Wildlife Board of India.\" He said that there was a delay only because the work was to be carried out inside the sanctuary area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14988978", "title": "Crackdown against tobacco sellers in Himachal Pradesh", "text": "SHIMLA: In a bid to curb rising cancer cases in Himachal Pradesh, the government had banned the sale of tobacco products from Friday onwards but despite ban shopkeepers are still selling the products like gutkha, khaini in their shops due to ineffective monitoring.After finding no effect of ban orders, now excise and taxation department has decided to launch a drive from Monday onwards to destroy the tobacco products.According to sources, from the state headquarter of department directions have been issued to all the districts to conduct raids at the shops to act against the erring officials.\"During raids stock of tobacco products would be checked and shopkeepers would have to show the original bills too,\" said a senior officials from excise and taxation department.Officials said that despite ban if a shopkeeper sells the product then action under food safety and standards act of 2006. \"Besides cancelling the registration and license of such shopkeepers, six months imprisonment and fine upto Rs 5 lakh too could be imposed,\" added the officials. Sources said that sale of tobacco products like including Khaini, Gutka,pan masala is more in the tourist towns and stockists have hidden their bulk supply and are now clandestinely distributing it to small retailers on demand.In Shimla sale of such products is more in Mall road area where same is being sold despite ban. Widespread use of tobacco products has resulted into unprecedented rise in number of cancer patients in hill state. Himachal Pradesh had 16405 cancer patients in 2009 that increased to 19705 in 2010 while the number increased to 23241 by 2011-12.Analysis of rising cases had shown that tobacco consumption was one of the main reasons for cancer.According to sources apart from registering 2000 new cases each year, state is also witnessing around 200 deaths and this has been established in the study done by cancer hospital in Shimla. Sources said that 45% patients were suffering with mouth and throat cancer caused by excessive use of tobacco products.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14967249", "title": "Confusion rules, schools may not shut from today", "text": "BANGALORE: Confusion prevails over the proposed week-long shutdown by a section of private unaided schools in Karnataka from Monday in protest against the sloppy implementation of the Right to Education Act.The Karnataka Unaided Schools' Management Association (KUSMA) had called for a July 16-22 shutdown. However, cracks have appeared in the association with the office-bearers speaking in different voices over the protest. Some schools are likely to remain shut on Monday, and the others may stay open.While KUSMA president G S Sharma told TOI on Saturday that the agitation was off, secretary A Mariyappa asserted on Sunday that schools would be shut. Sharma said they are meeting the primary and secondary education minister on Monday to discuss the RTE issues.\"I'm getting uncountable number of calls since Sunday morning. The protest is definitely on. All our member-schools will remain closed from Monday,\" said Mariyappa. He denied any discontent among the association members.But Mariyappa said he was not in a position to get KUSMA to confirm in writing on the shutdown. Sharma did not respond to calls on Sunday.KUSMA has 1,800 member-schools across Karnataka, and 600 of them in Bangalore. Karnataka has 15,000 private unaided schools and Bangalore alone has 1,300.With their leaders speaking in different voices, schools were a bundle of confusion. While some schools will remain open, the others claimed it was a one-day shutdown on Monday.\"We are closed on Monday, but Standard X students are attending their classes. We will reopen on Tuesday,\" said Sabina Banu, a teacher at Sri Saraswati Vidya Mandir.The National Public Schools, a KUSMA member-institution, is likely to ignore shutdown call. \"All NPS branches are open this week,\" said an NPS member, speaking on condition of anonymity.Central schools won't support shutdown stirWill private schools remain open on Monday or will they shut down to protest RTE implementation? Nobody is sure of the answer.The decision by the Karnataka Unaided Schools' Ma-nagement Association (Kusma) to shut schools across the city from July 16 to 22 has evoked tepid response from other school associations.The Karnataka Federation of Independent School Management (KFISM) has decided not to join the Kusma protest. The federation has 1,300 CBSE-ICSE member-schools across Karnataka and 153 CBSE and 172 ICSE schools in Bangalore.\"Our aim is to speak to the government and sort things out, rather than cause inconvenience to parents and students. We are meeting the education minister on Tuesday to sort out the issues,\" KFISM president LR Shivarame Gowdapointed out.\"We are with Kusma on RTE issues, but we are not going the bandh way,\" KFISM acting president GC Chandrashekhar asserted.Krishna Iyer, secretary-general of the Associated Managements of Primary and Secondary Schools in Karnataka, said, \"Whatever be the reason, how can they victimize parents and students?\"The government is ready for the talks and disapproved of the shutdown protest route. Kumar Naik, secretary, primary and secondary education, said: \"Nobody from Kusma has ever come to me or gone to the minister. It's speaking through the media. There is no issue that cannot be solved through talks. This is not the attitude. I'm meeting the association on Monday and my first question will be: 'Why did you choose to hold people to ransom this way?' This is a central Act and it is work in progress.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14967563", "title": "Dispensaries to be set up for Kumbh", "text": "NASHIK: Twenty temporary dispensaries and three new mobile dispensaries will be set up by the Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) health department for the Simhastha Kumbh Mela in the year 2015. The health department has made an action plan for the Kumbh Mela to treat outdoor patients during that period.It is estimated that around one lakh sadhus and around 80-100 lakh pilgrims from all over the country would be visiting the city for the event. To provide medical treatment to these people, independent medical aid has to be provided by the NMC.In this backdrop, the health department has made an action plan for the Kumbh Mela. Under this plan, the department has proposed 20 temporary dispensaries and three new mobile dispensaries in its action plan and has sent it to the state government for approval, medical officer of the health department, Dr D B Patil, said.The dispensaries would be set up at Tapovan, Ramkund, Bhaktidham, Vilholi, Pimpalgaon Bahula, Central Bus Stand, Chehedi, Mahamarg Bus Stand, Adgaon, Dwarka, Muktidham, Nashik Road Railway Station, Mhasrul, Gangapur Village, Peth Road and Jetwan Nagar. The health department has also proposed three new mobile dispensaries in addition to the three existing ones.The mobile dispensaries would treat the sadhus and pilgrims promptly and would also be available in case of emergencies to transport the patients to the nearest hospital. These mobile dispensaries would be placed in spots where there is maximum crowd.Health department officials said that these mobile dispensaries would be equipped with necessary medicines, one medical officer, one pharmacist, one nurse and one assistant.During Simhastha, the influx of people is going to increase and so would the number of outdoor and indoor patients. For this both the existing hospitals and the new ones would require cots, beds, pillows, etc, and medicines. All these requirements have been included in the action plan of the health department for Simhastha Kumbh Mela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14967059", "title": "BJP to farmers: Elect us, get interest-free loans", "text": "BHOPAL: Farmers across the country will be provided agricultural loans at zero per cent interest rate if the BJP is voted to power at the Centre after the 2014 general elections. It's a promise,'' party national president Nitin Gadkari said addressing a massive farmers' rally here on Sunday afternoon.This announcement came minutes after Gadkari and senior BJP leaders Rajnath Singh , Sushma Swaraj and Anant Kumar felicitated Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan with a plough at the Atal Kisan Mahapanchayat organised by the state unit of the party.Exactly a month ago, chief minister Chouhan was the first to proclaim that his government would provide agricultural loans to farmers at zero per cent interest rate. The scheme was passed in the state and implemented with retrospect from April 1, 2012.Addressing the large gathering of farmers from across the state, Gadkari declared that Chouhan's policy to relieve farmers from the burden of paying interest on loans will be adopted by the party nationwide if the BJP came to power at the Centre.The financial condition of our farmers is far from satisfactory. Farmers are committing suicide under the burden of loans. In Maharashtra, farmers pay a whopping 14% interest on the loans they take to grow crops to feed the nation,'' Gadkari said. In Uttar Pradesh, farmers pay the same 13 to 14% interest rate. At present, soil and mud for gardens sell at a higher price than grains. I know of places where 'mitti (soil)' sells at Rs 20 a kg. Tomatoes are cheap but sauce is expensive, oranges sell cheap but juice in tetra packs are highly priced, wheat sells cheap but sliced bread is exorbitant. This only shows the exploitation and injustice to farmers,'' the BJP national president said.If Shivraj Singh Chouhan can give farming loans at zero per cent interest, then why not the Congress government in Maharashtra?'' Gadkari asked.Over the past three months, the ruling BJP in the state has been counting its series of success stories in the agricultural sector. First, Madhya Pradesh became the third largest wheat producing state with the government procurement more than 85 lakh tonne at the minimum support price. Next, chief minister Chouhan sat on a 24-hour fast on June 15-16 to protest against the unprecedented price hike of fertilisers. Before ending the fast, he announced to provide farming loans at zero interest rate. Then came the statistics that Madhya Pradesh agrarian economy defeated slowdown in the economy and achieved an impressive 18% growth while the state GDP grew at 12% in 2011-12.Felicitation with the farmers' plough on Sunday afternoon, made two political clarifications. One, that Shivraj Singh Chouhan has been officially accepted by the party national leadership as a farmer leader. And two, that the assembly elections 2013 will be contested on the plank of Chouhan's agricultural achievements. The chief minister had always prided himself as the son of a farmer''. And now the BJP's slogans said: Kisano ki shaan hai, Shivraj Singh Chouhan hai (Shivraj Singh Chouhan is the pride of farmers).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14969332", "title": "NCP-led union wants criminal case against CM", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai fire services union has demanded registration of criminal cases against chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, chief secretary JK Banthia, former municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar, additional civic chief Manisha Patankar-Mhaiskar and chief fire officer Suhas Joshi for the Mantralaya fire tragedy.Union president Sharad Rao said on Sunday that he will write to Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik and if the police fail to act, he will file a court case. However, Rao, also an NCP leader, said he did not consider \"a case was made out against Bhujbal\", who too belongs to NCP.Rao said, \"The CM, as the landlord of the premises, and Banthia, as the administration head, were responsible for ensuring that all safety precautions were in place.\" He blamed Kumar and Patankar-Mhaiskar for delay in approval for a proposal to fill up vacant posts in the Mumbai fire brigade. He said that jumbo water tankers were present at Nariman Point and Colaba fire stations, but were not pressed into service, a point which a senior fire brigade official has contested. Rao blamed the BMC for non-functional fire hydrants. State functionaries, however, said these charges seem \"politically motivated\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14971914", "title": "Jharkhand sanitation project has failed miserably: Report", "text": "RANCHI:Rural development minister Jairam Ramesh a few days ago had said India was largest 'open air toilet' in the world. His claim finds support in the latest report prepared by Jharkhand Education Project Council (JEPC) for the current financial year. The state has failed to construct even a single toilet in schools so far.Sources in JEPC said that last year (2011-12) work for construction of 418 toilets could not be completed and it was carried forward.This year again, each districts was allotted new projects and total toilets which are to be constructed now is 716 including those of 2012-13. \"Till May 31, after passage of two months work for construction of 615 toilets has not started. The situation is worse in North Chotanagpur (Hazaribag) and Santhal Pargana (Dumka) divisions where work for construction of 223 and 271 toilets have not started,\" said an officer preferring anonymity.The sources said that condition for construction of exclusive girls' toilet in schools is even worse. These toilets are in addition to the project of at least one toilet in schools. Total 3811 toilets for girls could not be constructed in 2011-12 and this year again 5819 new projects were added. Total girls toilets to be completed in 2012-13 stands at 9630 and of these work has not started for 7273 toilets.Maximum number of toilets where work has not started are in Dumka, Hazaribag and Palamu divisions and the numbers are 1881, 1890 and 2380 respectively.State representative of National Commission for Protection of Child Rights Ganesh Reddy said he will raise the matter before the government. The state government always talks of total sanitation and harmful effects of defecation in open, yet fails when it comes to execution of projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14974479", "title": "Another shrine charred in J&K;, triggers protest", "text": "SRINAGAR: A shrine of a revered sufi saint was on Sunday gutted in a mysterious fire at Ratsuna village of central Kashmir's Budgam district, triggering protests in the area.Fire broke out at Baba Haneefuddin's shrine, made of mostly wood, in the wee hours of Sunday, official sources said. A complete shutdown was observed in Beerwah, but peace was maintained.Mutteheda Ulema Ahl-e-Sunnat chairman Ghulam Rasool Hami accused the government of failing to protect the religious places in Kashmir. \"This is a conspiracy to destroy the ancient religious assets of Muslims in Kashmir. We will not sit silent and come on roads to unveil the conspiracy,\" Hami said.This is the second shrine to be destroyed in a fire within 20 days. On June 25, the shrine of Dastageer Sahib in Khanyar was destroyed in another fire. A complete shutdown was observed in the Beerwah area after the Baba Haneefuddin shrine was gutted, but peace was maintained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14970701", "title": "Shopkeeper stabbed in the back", "text": "NAGPUR: A man in his thirties was stabbed by two unidentified bike-borne youths who attacked from behind in the late hours of Saturday. Manoj Prajapati, who owns a shop at Indora, was returning to his residence on bike along with his brother, who was driving the two-wheeler when the incident took place on the road between Rani Durgawati chowk and Kanji house junction.Police are puzzled by the incident since Prajapati, who was riding pillion, was not able to cite any possible reason for the attack. Prajapati had left for his residence along with his brother after closing their shop. It is learnt that the attackers sped away after stabbing Prajapati, who had to be rushed to Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital. Yashodhara Nagar police registered an offence against two unidentified persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14967080", "title": "UP lags behind in Ganga conservation programme", "text": "ALLAHABAD: UP is the biggest beneficiary of the Central funds for conservation of the Ganga, but the state is a slow performer when compared to the works undertaken by other states for saving the national river.The Ministry of Environment and Forest (MoEF) has sanctioned projects worth Rs 2,598.47 crore under the National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA) to UP, Uttarakhand, Bihar and West Bengal.Though UP has got maximum funds - Rs 1,341.60 crore -- from the Centre's kitty for pollution abatement works on the Ganga, the state's progress is slow on the sanctioned projects. Sewage Treatment Plants of 313 mld capacity have to be set up in UP, which is the maximum capacity among all the beneficiary states.Contrarily, West Bengal, Bihar and Uttrakhand, which have bagged lesser funds, are making better progress.The National River Conservation Directorate (NRCD) under MoEF revealed the facts and figures on NGRBA in response to a query by an RTI seeker Mahendra Pratap Singh.NGRBA has been in existence for the past three years. The Centre had set up the authority in September 2009 to give Ganga-conservation the needed impetus. The Centre government released funds to UP, Uttrakhand, Bihar and WB between 2009 and 2011 for the development of sewer networks, sewage treatment plants, sewage pumping stations, electric creamtoria, community toilets and river fronts.In UP, projects have been sanctioned for Allahabad, Varanasi, Garmukteshwar, Kannauj and Moradabad (Ramganga) stretch of the river. The projects include installing sewerage systems and STPs, development of ghats and making community toilet complexes.The present status of most of the works, however, is 'under implementation'. The state got seven projects sanctioned for Ganga conservation.The state has started work on five projects, but is yet to begin work on two projects. For the development of area under Assi ghat in Varanasi, state twice invited tenders but no response was received.The other states, however, have made noticeable progress. West Bengal, which got funds released around the same time and for similar projects, has made 75-100% progress on most of the projects. The state was sanctioned 27 projects in 23 towns and has started work on 21 projects while Bihar has started work on all the four sanctioned projects.These projects are funded on 70:30 cost sharing basis between the Centre and states. The projects, once functional, will have a sewage treatment facility of 465 million litres per day (mld). UP Jal Nigam is an implementing agency in UP.The industrial pockets in the catchments of Ramganga and Kali rivers and in Kanpur city are significant sources of industrial pollution. The tanneries in Kanpur, distilleries, paper mills and sugar mills in the Kosi, Ramganga and Kali river catchments are also major contributors.In the Ganga basin, about 12,000 mld sewage is generated, for which presently there is a treatment capacity of only 4,000 mld. A project with World Bank assistance for abatement of pollution in the river at an estimated cost of Rs 7,000 crore was approved in April 2011.The World Bank approved the project proposal in May 2011. The Centre's share will be Rs 5,100 crore while that of Uttarakhand, UP, Bihar, Jharkhand and WB will be Rs 1,900 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14971889", "title": "Government may clear all weather tunnel to Leh today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre is likely to clear the first all-weather tunnel project connecting Kashmir valley to Leh on Monday, which will be built at a cost of approximately Rs 2,700 crore. Almost all top construction firms in the country and even a major foreign firm specializing in tunnel construction have submitted bids for this project. At present, Leh remains cut off from the rest of India for at least six months due to heavy snowfall.Border Roads Organization (BRO), which will build the 6.5 km tunnel called Z-Morh on behalf of the highways ministry, has received bids from 22 firms. The final bidder will construct, operate and maintain the tunnel on NH1 (Srinagar-Sonamarg-Gumri road). It will have a main tunnel and a parallel escape tunnel for emergencies.Sources in the highways ministry said the Public Private Partnership Appraisal Committee (PPPAC) will take up the project for clearance on Monday and financial bidding for the project would start soon. \"We had fixed August last week for laying the foundation stone and are still trying for this. In the worst case, it will happen in September,\" said an official.The project will take five years to complete. To ensure that the contractor finishes it in time, the government will start making the payment only after the work is done. \"The contractor will get the entire amount in installments since the project is being executed on (BOT-annuity) mode,\" said an official.Earlier, Planning Commission had raised questions on the manner in which BRO got the project report prepared by a consultant. Plan panel member secretary Sindhushree Khullar in her letter dated July 9 to expenditure secretary R Gopalan said the project formulation was based on \"very preliminary conceptual design\" and the cost estimate was based on the experiences of the consultant on a European project. She had also highlighted how the cost was calculated in euro and later converted into rupees.\"We have addressed all issues. A European consultant will obviously work out cost in euros. But since this project will be bid out and all the best companies are eyeing this tunnel, cost should not be an issue. Whoever quotes less will get the project. This is a major project and has huge significance. This will bring major changes in the entire Leh region,\" said an official.The ministry and BRO swung to action recently after Rahul Gandhi reportedly showed interest in this project. The 13-km Zojila Pass tunnel on this stretch would be bid out later by BRO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14970215", "title": "Gold chains worth Rs 82,000 snatched", "text": "PUNE: In separate incidents, two gold chains together worth Rs 82,000 were snatched at Vimannagar and on Bibvewadi-Kondhwa Road on Saturday.The first incident took place near a park at Vimannagar around 7 am on Saturday. The complainant, Saraswati Chanda (60) of Vimannagar, was returning home after her routine morning walk. Two suspects on a scooter snatched her gold chain worth Rs 30,000 and fled, said senior police inspector of the Airport police station Prakash Shah.The incident on Bibvewadi-Kondhwa Road took place around 9 am. A complaint has been lodged by Tejodevi Sharma (37) of Gangadham with the Market Yard police station. Two suspects on a motorcycle snatched Sharma's gold chain worth Rs 52,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14992470", "title": "Jaswant Singh to challenge Hamid Ansari for Vice-President's post", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP leader Jaswant Singh was on Monday chosen by the NDA as its unanimous candidate for the August 7 vice-presidential election against UPA nominee Hamid Ansari .The opposition alliance said it had reservations over the re-nomination of Ansari, particularly the manner in which he conducted the Rajya Sabha when the Lokpal Bill was discussed and the Women's Reservation Bill was passed.\"We have decided not to give them (Congress-led UPA) a walkover... We have unanimously decided that Jaswant Singh will be the NDA candidate in the vice-presidential poll,\" L K Advani, NDA working president, announced after an NDA meeting.Advani said JD(U) chief Sharad Yadav had also raised concerns over Ansari's conduct in the passage of the Women's Reservation Bill in the Rajya Sabha where marshals were used to oust those opposed to the legislation.He said the same concerns were shared with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh when he had called him on Saturday to seek support for Ansari's candidature.Advani said Yadav, also the NDA convenor, was initially approached to contest the vice-presidential election, but he declined citing his interest in active politics.The BJP leader indicated that the NDA would reach out to all such parties which have not committed their support to the UPA nominee.Reacting to his nomination, 74-year-old Jaswant Singh said, \"It is a matter of great respect that the NDA has unanimously chosen me as their candidate for the post of Vice-President. It is a big responsibility and also a challenge\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14991662", "title": "India has not reached drought situation yet: Sharad Pawar", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has not reached the drought situation yet, although it faces the challenge of maintaining record foodgrains production due to weak monsoons this year, agriculture minister Sharad Pawar said here today.\"We have not reached the drought situation yet. This year monsoon is playing hide and seek. It is a challenge for our farmers to maintain the same performance as compared to last two years,\" he said.South-west monsoon, the lifeline of agriculture had hit Kerala on June 5 but its progress through the country has been delayed, impacting sowing of crops such as paddy and coarse cereals.\"This year, we have a challenge to maintain 4 per cent agriculture growth against the backdrop of weak monsoons,\" the minister said at the 84th ICAR Foundation Day, where former President A P J Abdul Kalam was also present. India faces the challenge of sustaining foodgrain output due to deficient monsoon, Pawar added.The country produced a record 252.56 million tonnes of foodgrain in 2011-12 crop year (July-June), helped by all time high production of wheat and rice.\"For the first time, we have exported 5 million tonnes (MT) of non-basmati rice, 1.5 MT of wheat, 2.5 MT of sugar, 11.5 million bales of cotton due to good production last year,\" Pawar said.Last week, the minister had said the government was worried about poor rains in Karnataka and central Maharashtra, which could affect the production of coarse cereals and supply of drinking water.\"As on today (July 11), the country as a whole, the rainfall situation is definitely improving vis-a-vis 10 days back. But the worrisome areas are Karnataka and central Maharashtra,\" he had said after a meeting with IMD officials. \"There is a cause of concern about coarse cereal (bajra, jowar and maize) production and drinking water supply in these two states,\" Pawar had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14970692", "title": "Cops' dithering over murder leads to ruckus", "text": "NAGPUR: Jaripatka police's reluctance to register an offence of murder in the death of 65-year-old Jaitulla Dongre led to a ruckus at the police station on Sunday. Local residents of Hudco colony, where Dongre was found dead under suspicious circumstances, thronged the police station with woman's body. The cops took 18 hours to register the offence.Despite the neighbours and family members clearly voicing strong suspicion, Jaripatka police waited for provisional post mortem report to register the murder. The deceased woman's tenants, Pratibha Singh and her son Shakti, were also not arrested though they were involved in a scuffle with her before she died. The neighbours claimed that Jaitulla's youngest son Manoj and wife Alka were silent spectators when the matriarch was being throttled on her bed. Jaitulla's body was found on the floor beside her bed. The cops arrested the mother-son duo after the drama at police station.Deputy commissioner of police, Zone-II, MY Siram said that police station in-charge was told to register offence earlier in the day. \"The delay could have been avoided,\" he said. Sources from the neighbourhood claimed that Jaitulla had urged her tenants Pratibha and her son Shakti to vacate the place. Being a vegetable vendor, Pratibha used to keep sacks of potatoes and onions near Jaitulla's door. There were also many visitors to Pratibha's place. The issues had led to fights between Jaitulla and Pratibha.It is learnt that Pratibha had paid two months' rent in advance when Jaitulla asked for it. Still, Jaitulla persisted with her demand that the mother-son duo vacate the place. This was leading to frequent fights between Jaitulla and tenants. It is learnt that Pratibha used to get active support from Jaitulla's son and daughter-in-law.According to neighbour Ratna Malode, Jaitulla had expressed her apprehension to some people in the localities that her son, daughter-in-law along with Pratibha may be conspiring to eliminate her. \"Son Manoj and daughter-in-law Alka were inside the room when the old woman was being throttled,\" she said. Alka said her room was locked from outside when she and husband tried to come out hearing commotion. \"I could not see much due to darkness when I tried to peep through the gaps over the cooler fitted in the widow in the wall that separated the rooms,\" said Alka.Another neighbour said they wanted to rush to help Jaitulla on hearing noise of fights inside her room but Pratibha's son Shakti stood guard at the side door that had access to the room. It is learnt Jaitulla was beaten up by Pratibha that left several injuries on former's body. Jaitulla was later throttled which is likely to have led to her death.Some more neighbours, who approached from the front door, tried to rescue Jaitulla but found the door locked from inside. It was Pratibha who opened the door after the neighbours started exerting pressure. \"Jaitulla's body was already cold when neighbours entered the room,\" said a neighbour. \"Pratibha had changed her dress before being taken to police station,\" said another neighbour.'I am connected to Naxals'Pratibha Singh, who stayed as a tenant along with son Shakti at Dongre's residence at Hudko colony, often told neighbours she hailed from a place where Naxals dominated the land. She had even threatened a couple of neighbours claiming her family members were connected to Naxalites and she too knew them closely. \"We had often heard her brag about the Naxal connection,\" said a neighbour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14967205", "title": "Reliance Infrastructure hits back, claims DMRC put commuters at risk", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after being accused of trying to wriggle out of the Airport Metro Express line deal, concessionaire Reliance Infrastructure hit back at the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation, saying the corporation was endangering the lives of commuters.The accusation came in a scathing letter to urban development minister Kamal Nath , a copy of which has been sent to the PMO - clearly in response to DMRC chief Mangu Singh's letter to Nath, reported by TOI, which castigated R-Infra for trying to bail out of the project.In his letter, Sumit Banerjee, CEO of R-Infra, writes that \"safety and operational economics cannot be bracketed together\". Denying allegations that economic considerations had prompted the concessionaire to shut down services on the high speed Metro line, Banerjee accuses DMRC of playing with safety concerns.\"We have restrained ourselves so far from disclosing that DMRC had given us in writing that the Metro corridor (with severe civil structure defects) was safe to continue to run trains, and it is actually DMRC who tried to force us to take undue risks to life and property,\" says the letter, a copy which is with TOI.\"Contractually, there is not an iota of doubt that DMRC (and more specifically the director-works) is accountable to us (the concessionaire) and more significantly to DMRC's stakeholders and the citizens of Delhi, for this shoddy quality of execution,\" he says.Since the defects were first detected, sections in R-Infra have been pointing to the fact that the director (works) in DMRC at the time of the project's execution was Mangu Singh, the current Metro chief.Reliance Infrastructure CEO Sumit Banerjee has accused DMRC of \"painting a collective decision of suspension of train services in a motivated colour\". In a letter to urban development minister Kamal Nath, Banerjee has also accused Delhi Metro of \"falsification\" and said that the record needs to be set straight for accountability.Claiming that the \"approach of DMRC is not collaborative and not conducive to deal with the current crisis\", Banerjee says the corporation is trying to shift responsibility for the defects to contractors and sub-contractors like RITES.The letter comes even as stakeholders of the Airport Metro Express are scheduled to meet on Monday. The meeting is expected to be tumultuous with both DMRC and R-Infra in a mood to trade charges even as the joint inspection committee under the expertise of the railways submits its report.Sources admitted that the blame game could mean further delay in opening of the line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14970609", "title": "Walking straight into a death trap", "text": "MADURAI: A total of 57 persons have lost their lives till date this year on railway tracks in Madurai district alone, according to figures obtained from the railway police. The latest casualty is the death of Tamil Vendhan, a policeman from Koodal Nagar, who was found dead on the tracks under mysterious circumstances. Police, however, said that he was probably drunk at the time and might have been run over by a speeding train.Railway police attribute various reasons for the deaths including suicides, but all these cases are booked as trespassing on railway tracks. \"Though there are many cases of suicide, most of them happen due to negligence by the public, who assume they can cross the tracks before the train arrives. Besides, footboard travelling during the summer vacation also caused many deaths in the months of April and May. Many of those who travelled on footboards slipped and fell late at night as they had fallen asleep,\" a railway policeman said.A railway employee at Madurai Junction said the main reason is that people did not understand how the railways functioned. \"People tend to consider a train as any other vehicle and predict its speed. In reality, the train approaches much faster than other vehicles. Besides, trains can never be stopped at the last minute, because the loco pilot has got only half the controls while the railway staff in stations, operate the train in real terms,\" he said.A loco pilot, who did not wish to be named, said, it is traumatic to see people dying on the tracks due to negligence. \"We also observe people using the tracks to consume alcohol. They think they can move when the train approaches, but their reflexes are too slow by the time the train arrives as they are drunk. We feel heartbroken when we run over a person,\" he said.On Friday, the Madurai district police sent out an official statement stating that they observed various reasons for the deaths on tracks. Some of the reasons are children from residential areas near tracks playing around; negligence while crossing the tracks and consuming alcohol and other illegal activities. In case the public find people consuming liquor or being involving in any illegal activities near the tracks, they should inform the nearby police station or village heads or railway staff immediately, the statement said.Railway officials also urged the public to exercise caution while crossing tracks to avoid accidents. \"There is a general tendency among people to trespass railway tracks. We are conducting many awareness programmes for the public to exercise caution while crossing unmanned level crossings. We are also closing down many such crossings in a phased manner,\" V Ajithkumar, additional divisional railway manager of Madurai division said.No of lives lost on the tracks from January to July 2012January - 6February - 6March - 6April - 11May - 13June - 9July - 6 (till date)- Railway police say the number of deaths in 2011 was above 100- Main reasons for deaths are negligence, suicides, consuming alcohol near railway tracks, children from adjacent residential areas playing around the tracks- The number increased in summer months due to footboard travelling and falling from the train", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14969046", "title": "Unplanned development kills natural water bodies", "text": "GURGAON: What's now considered the semi-arid belt of Gurgaon region was once known for its natural water reserves. There was no dearth of lakes and ponds on the surface, and underneath, the groundwater volumes were plentiful. But a massive and unrestrained development changed it all.Today, many of the traditional water bodies have vanished. And the ones that remain are in dire need of replenishment. A list of over 140 traditional water bodies of the Gurgaon block - which includes Sohna and Pataudi - has just been compiled by the administration, ahead of a massive restoration drive which is scheduled to begin in August this year.The document enumerates the number of water bodies found in various areas surveyed, the present status of these bodies, plus the number of water bodies that traditionally existed in these places.The report points out that in Sikanderpur, for instance, an old natural half-acre pond has now been \"demolished and [has] illegal possession\" over it. Same goes for the two traditional ponds, each of five-acre area, in the Sarhol village, which are now no longer there and the dry plain has been, once again, encroached. The two natural ponds in Wazirabad, now defunct, have been \"converted into a hospital dispensary\". The report goes on to say that many of the water bodies have been \"demolished and acquired by HUDA\". And most importantly, there are dozens of water bodies listed here which are \"viable for renovation\", and can realistically be saved.\"This list was prepared by all the relevant departments working in the city. We worked with departments of forest, rural development, irrigation and others. Our aim is revival of traditional water bodies,\" said K M Pandurang, additional deputy commissioner of Gurgaon, who is overseeing the project.The revival work is %expected to begin next month, and the project is now awaiting the central government's nod, and the sanction of Rs 16.7 crore as proposed costs. \"The revival scheme for Gurgaon is part of the government of India's integrated watershed management plan,\" the official added.But there's a hitch. Many of the old and dried reservoirs have now been taken over by civic agencies like HUDA for development purposes. \"We may not be in a position to revive the places where some infrastructural development has taken place. But even here, we will try to install recharge borewells so that the groundwater levels are revived,\" said Pandurang.Gurgaon's water table has reached alarming depths in the last 10 years. The Centre for Science report, published earlier this year, estimates the rate of decline to be around 1.2 metres every year. And that in some critically dry areas, the water table level has gone below 51 metres.Jyoti Sharma is the president of the Forum for Organized Resource Conservation and Enhancement, an NGO which has participated in several water conservation projects in Gurgaon, and has recently helped restore a traditional reservoir in Mahipalpur, Delhi.\"Gurgaon's topography is bowl-shaped. Unlike Delhi, where 22 drains carry water from the highest point of the city to Yamuna, the lowest point, Gurgaon's natural water flow is uneven.\" Sharma says this topography is responsible for the heavy waterlogging, which is common in the city. \"Reviving old ponds will ensure that waterlogging doesn't happen, apart from restroring the groundwater reserves. But the authorities have to be honest and realistic about this work,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14967124", "title": "No sops, CM equates farmers with gods", "text": "BHOPAL: The state BJP organised a mammoth gathering of farmers from across the state for the Atal Kisan Mahapanchayat at the Jambooree Maidan here to felicitate chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan for his achievements in making Madhya Pradesh one of the largest wheat producers of the nation and achieving an impressive 18% growth in the agricultural sector. He even went on to equating the farmers with gods. It was expected that the chief minister would announce another series of sops for farmers like he had done on several farmers' congregations over the past five years.But far from announcing sops and freebies, Sunday's programme aimed at making farmers officially know the gains made by the ruling BJP government in farm sector. The party leaders patted Chouhan's back for his good work while the chief minister in-turn patted lauded the farmers for their contribution and hard work. Chouhan even equated the farmer to the gods. He cheered, \"Kisan Bhagwan ki jai (hail the farmer god).\"\"The 18% growth that the state achieved in the agriculture sector is the result of your hard work,\" he said addressing the large gathering of cultivators. \"You sweated blood and filled the granaries and the state made an unprecedented record of wheat production. But as you produced a bumper crop of over 85 lakh tonne, the Congress-led Union government stopped to send us gunny bags. I travelled ten times between New Delhi and Bhopal pleading the Centre to send us gunny bags but they wanted us to fail,\" Chouhan alleged.The chief minister demanded that the Union government should implement zero per cent interest rate to farmers throughout the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14968870", "title": "Tender floated for modernization projects", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days after the home ministry gave Delhi Police the go-ahead to hire consultants for planning and implementing modernization projects, the department has floated a global tender.Police confirmed the move . This is likely speed up implementation of the two much awaited projects - Integrated Security Surveillance System (ISSS) and Intelligent Traffic System. Some of the projects that are likely to receive a boost have not been able to go beyond planning stage due to lack of technical know-how, said the source.The consultant will initiate steps for procurement of hi-tech arms and ammunition as well as security equipment, including non-lethal weapons and crowd-control devices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14970179", "title": "Train stoppages at Mookambika station", "text": "MANGALORE: Considering the increase in the number of commuters, Indian Railways will give stoppage for Bhavnagar-Kochuveli Express (Nos. 19259/ 19260) at Mookambika Road railway station at Byndoor from July 16.The move will help pilgrims from Kerala to reach Kollur Sri Mookambika Temple without hassles. Kochuveli-Bhavnagar train (No. 19259) will reach the station at 7.38am on Fridays before proceeding to Mumbai. In the reverse direction, Bhavnagar- Kochuveli train (No. 19260) will reach the station at 12.48pm on Mondays before proceeding to Kerala. Indian Railways also has plans to permit stoppage for Marusagar Express (Nos. 12977/ 12978) at Mookambika Road railway station. A memorandum in this regard has already been submitted to the railways, Mookambika Railway Yathri Sangha president K Venkatesh said, adding that a circular is awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14972775", "title": "Assam police announce Rs 50,000 reward for info on key Guwahati molester", "text": "GUWAHATI: Police have arrested seven people in the July 9 teen molestation case so far, and said the two arrested were the part of the mob. \"They were among the group of men and were seen in the video footages of news channels,\" the police said. However, Nababajit and Diganta said that although they were present at the spot, they were in no way involved with the molestation.The police have identified at least 14 of the group of men who molested a girl in front of a bar on Monday night. Rubul Ali, Pinku Dey and Amarjyoti Kalita were identified as the main culprits. \"Anyone who informs us about the main culprit, Amarjyoti Kalita, will be awarded with Rs 50,000. Information about others will fetch Rs 25,000,\" said Ranjan Bhuyan, SP Operation who will lead the SIT.Meanwhile, Bhuyan scotched rumours that the prime accused, Amarjyoti Kalita, was arrested at Bhubaneswar station in Odisha. \"We checked. He has not been arrested yet,\" he said. Odisha DGP Prakash Mishra also denied Kalita's arrest.Assam Police sources said Amarjyoti's mobile phone records show that he frequently contacted a particular number in Bhubaneswar. \"We have alerted our counterparts there, but no results have come up. He is an IT guy and very smart. He has left no trace, but we are sure to nab him soon,\" said a police officer.The police are also finding it difficult to probe the case because the girl is not cooperating. \"We tried to contact her several times, but she is hesitant. Without her cooperation it will be very difficult for us to conduct proper investigation,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14972913", "title": "New rules of filing tax returns", "text": "As the deadline for filing tax returns approaches, thousands of Indians who have worked abroad will be scrambling to gather the information required to be filled in the new tax forms. This year's budget had proposed that individuals who have assets abroad must file their tax return and mention details of their foreign assets in the forms. This is just one of the several changes in the tax filing rules this year. The new forms are a wake-up call for taxpayers who have not been entirely honest in paying their taxes. Nearly 5% of the respondents in an online survey conducted by ET Wealth recently said that they have under-reported their income quite a few times. Another 10% said they have done so just once or twice. We believe there is also a large community of innocent offenders who don't even know that they are falling foul of the tax laws. To ensure that your tax returns are flawless and you don't end up on the wrong side of the law, ET Wealth reached out to experts to understand the changes in this year's tax forms. Here is what they had to say.E-filing for income over Rs 10 lakhAny individual or Hindu Undivided Family (HUF) with an annual income of 10 lakh and above will now have to compulsorily e-file the income tax return. The new rule actually affects a thin creamy layer of taxpayers. Only 5.5% of the total 4.2 crore taxpayers have an income of over 10 lakh, and a vast majority of these taxpayers has already taken the e-filing route. The government wants to nudge taxpayers to e-file because it improves tax compliance and reduces its own back-office workload. When returns are filed physically, data entry operators manually feed the information into the system. In the process, they introduce many mistakes in the return, which leads to delays in refunds or, worse, a notice from the tax department.Declaration of foreign assetsThe assets covered include bank accounts, immovable property and interest in any company. The taxpayer will have to mention the peak bank balance in his account during the year as well as the total investment in other assets at cost price. By introducing this change, the government intends to track the undisclosed income from these assets.Details of tax relief claimedIf the assessee has claimed relief for taxes paid abroad, he will have to mention details in his return. He will have to mention the name and code of the country visited, income earned, taxes paid, and the tax identification number in the foreign country.Ownership pattern of propertyThe new reporting requirements have also plugged a big loophole in the way income from property is reported. Till now, a taxpayer had to just mention the property and the income received as rent. Now he will have to disclose the ownership details in the tax return . If the property is jointly owned, the percentage share in the property and the details of the co-owner need to be mentioned. \"This also means that the rental income will have to be proportionately divided among the joint owners,\" says Ankur Sharma, co-founder and managing director of Taxspanner.com.Deduction for donationsTaxpayers who want to claim tax deduction for donations given to organisations must provide full details of the recipient. They must give the name and address of the organisation , its PAN, amount of donation and the amount eligible for deduction.Bank details now mandatoryIn the new forms, you have to mention your bank account details even if there is no refund. Despite the changes, the basic rules remain the same. If you have some unpaid tax, pay it right away before you file your return. File by the due date to escape penalty. If you miss the 31 July deadline , you can always file by the end of the assessment year. You will, of course, forego some privileges enjoyed by taxpayers who file their returns by due date. For instance, you will not be allowed to carry forward short-term and long-term capital losses (except from house property). This provision can be very helpful, especially if you have lost money in stocks.Spend a little, save a lot in taxesValue-added services offered by tax filing portals optimise tax outgo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14968741", "title": "5 arrested in Chhotu Mukhiya murder case", "text": "PATNA: Police arrested five criminals in connection with the murder of Devendra Kumar alias Chhotu Mukhiya near Itwa poultry farm in Aurangabad on March 29. They have confessed their involvement in the crime.The police headquarters had constituted a special investigation team (SIT), headed by DIG (Magadh range) Nayyar H Khan, as people had created furore in Aurangabad. The angry mob had also attacked local collectorate office and indulged in violence to protest against the murder.IG (headquarters), J S Gangwar said the SIT scrutinized the call details of Mukhiya's mobile to zero in on the assailants and conspirators of the crime. The arrested persons are Sikandar Paswan, Satyendra Singh alias Laden, Ashok Mahto, Amarji Paswan alias Inderjit Paswan and Vijendra Kumar. Two more persons, Sushil Pandey and Sudhir Sharma, had surrendered in the court.On the basis of the call details of Chhotu Mukhiya and the interrogation of some people, the police came to know that the victim had given a good amount to Sudhir for purchasing a vehicle. Sudhir was not willing to return the money and decided to eliminate Chhotu. The IG said Sudhir organized a Qawwali programme in the area falling under Khudwa police station to identify Chhotu to Sikandar Paswan.Sikandar was arrested by SIT on June 5 last in which he confessed the crime. He also informed that Sudhir had hired him for executing the crime. Later, his other associates were also nabbed. Gangwar said the empty cartridges recovered from the spot have been sent to Forensic Science Laboratory for examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14967219", "title": "Civic groups press for commuter rail sevice", "text": "BANGALORE: Citizen groups and transport experts have urged the government and local bodies to take interest in the proposed commuter rail service. The objective is to use existing railway infrastructure to facilitate travel from outlying areas and nearby towns to the heart of Bangalore.Praja, Hasiru Usiru, Concern (students' organization of IISc) and resident welfare associations on Sunday discussed the benefits of commuter rail service. It was felt that local authorities should be part of consultations and form a committee to ensure the project sees the light of the day.However, transport experts said any study on commuter rail service needs to be precise about the investment model, formation of a special purpose vehicle and the stages in which the project can be implemented.The Rail Indian Technical and Economic Solutions (Rites) had done a feasibility study and submitted its report to the Directorate of Urban Land Transport (Dult) in June. South Western Railway officials said the study is not clear about the investment model, hence Dult and Rites have been asked to look into their findings and come back with a fresh report.\"The Rites study suggests implementation of suburban commuter rail service in stages. The investment model mooted is vague on issues pertaining to land acquisition, formation of special purpose vehicle and starting services in stages. There has been no proper discussion on fare policy revenue-sharing, innovative financing and execution. There is no word on the deadline either,\" said IISc's Prof TG Sitharam, a transport expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14969015", "title": "CSD supply: Ex-servicemen protest", "text": "LUDHIANA: Irregular and insufficient supply of products at canteen stores drove some ex-Army servicemen in the city, to protest on Ferozepur road near Durga Mata Mandir on Sunday morning. The protest was carried out under the leadership of retired major general S S Jawandha.Officers highlighted their problems and raised slogans. \"We are facing a lot of inconvenience as basic items available in CSD (I) canteen, which include grocery and electrical goods, are not available,\" said Jawandha adding that CSD (I) should be taken back from defence ministry and handed over to the defence forces.Captain (retd) S K Sood said, \"We have decided to get together and fight this problem. Apart from this we will also be using this synergy for tackling some other problems in the city near Army areas, besides carrying out certain works for the general public.\"Captain (retd) K S Walia, general secretary of Common Cause and Welfare Charitable Society, said, \"Dealers are reluctant to entertain the purchase of the goods like cars through CSD because there is delay in payments. We make payments to CSD depots prior to the delivery of cars, air conditioners and refrigerators. This amount is deposited by CSD in the consolidated fund of India, following which it is released by the bureaucratic machinery through the concerned CSD depots to dealers for delivery of goods. We collect delivery order from CSD depot and hand it over to the dealer for the collection of the products from the stores,\" added Walia.He said delivery of all products ranging from two-wheelers to cars and other household items is delayed inordinately. \"We are not ready to take it anymore. We will be carrying out these protests till our demands are met,\" added Walia, pointing out that most of these problems are also being faced by the serving Army officers and thus it should be taken care of immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14989445", "title": "FICCI 12 point agenda to revive economic growth", "text": "INDORE: FICCI has advised the central government to eschew the temptations of a premature welfare state and announce an immediate moratorium on any additional expenses on doles. Also, the organisation's 12-point agenda to revive economic growth of the country has suggested for expediting the implementation of the Goods and Services Tax (GST). Moreover, FICCI has voted for easing of the monetary policy. Commenting on Land Acquisition Bill, the report says that it shouldn't be passed in its current form.The organisation is for providing fiscal stimulus for investments across sectors. Also, it wants a push through with FDI policy reforms in areas where action is possible outside the ambit of Parliament-multi-brand retail and civil aviation.Extension in the price decontrol mechanism to diesel and other oil products is also one of advices of FICCI to the government. Again, it is for taking steps to energize the coal sector by fostering competition. Yet again, it wants strengthening frameworks for raising funds for infrastructure financing in the economy through instruments like municipal bonds.Coming on food security, FICCI says that pursue the objective of food security through productivity increase and agriculture marketing reforms. Fast-track implementation of critical policies and projects like National Manufacturing Policy, National Electronics Policy and PCPIR have also been suggested by it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14971112", "title": "China-Pakistan trade link hit by strike", "text": "BEIJING: The Khunjerab Pass, the world's highest-paved international border crossing connecting Pakistan to China, is blocked due to a strike by local traders. The traders have blocked the movement of vehicles at the Sust Dry Port located at the high-altitude of 10,000 ft on the crucial Karakoram Highway.This is the second time local traders have blocked the land travel and trade route between the two countries protesting against the shoddy repairs in the flood-hit Attabad Spillway. The strikers led by Gilgit-Baltistan Chamber of Commerce are protesting against what they regard as sloppy performance of the government-run Front Works Organization involved in the repairs of the flood-hit Attabad Spillway.The organization recently blasted a portion of the Spillway to drain an artificial lake that threatened to cause serious floods.The blasting of the %Spillway threw up several issues about the future flooding risks for the local population and the regular flow of men and material on the Khunjerab Pass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14973880", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee writes to MLA Mamata Banerjee", "text": "KOLKATA: Exactly a month ago, on June 15, after being nominated as UPA's presidential candidate, Pranab Mukherjee had sought support from Mamata Banerjee \"because she is like my sister...a valued colleague.\" A month later - on Sunday - he sent a letter to Mamata (one of those bulk letters being sent to all MPs and MLAs), addressing her as \"my dear friend\" and seeking her \"invaluable support\".In the letter that reached Mamata's 30-B Harish Chatterjee Street home by ordinary post, the chief minister has just been mentioned as \"Ms Mamata Banerjee, MLA\".Trinamool MP Derek O Brien was caustic in his reaction. In his Twitter post, he wrote: \"Like the letter addressed to all 800 MPs, the letter to Mamatadi opens with the line 'Dear Friend'...Personal touch? Mail merge?\" Senior Trinamool minister Subrata Mukherjee chose to dismiss this as just another \"bulk mail\". Mamata herself didn't react to the letter, merely writing in her Facebook post, \"Today I have received a letter from Sri Pranab Mukherjee, the Presidential candidate 2012.\" Several Trinamool MPs received similar letters in the past week.The six-paragraph letter reads: \"The passage of a nation's life can never be continuously even and free from disputation. This makes it imperative that we set aside differences and unite to serve the nation that is our life. We are blessed that we live in a democracy whose roots are unshakable, and whose flower is visible; democracy offers the finest environment for our future.\"I appeal to her almost every day: MukherjeeUPA presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee still hopes that Mamata would support him. \"I appeal to her almost every day...it is for her to decide,\" Mukherjee told reporters in Jammu and Kashmir on Sunday. In Chandigarh, he admitted to have written to Mamata for support. \"She was a friend and still is a friend. She has already announced that she would make a decision a day before the presidential polls. I leave it at that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14988023", "title": "Reality show to discover Bengal's voice!", "text": "Zee Bangla takes you along to discover the next musical sensation from Bengal through the most renowned and respected musical reality show of Bengal - Sa Re Ga Ma Pa - Gane Gane Tomar Mone starting from 16th July 2012, Monday to Wednesday 9.30 pm only on Zee Bangla.The show which is respected and revered by all will showcase and judge talents across the age 16 to 25 years who have come from different parts of India and Bangladesh. The participants have been selected through vigorous auditions held in different districts of West Bengal and Bangladesh. The aspiring singers' talent has been nurtured and groomed under able mentors like Subhankar Bhaskar, Partha Sarathi Desikan, Soumendra and Soumojit. The groomers have worked round the clock to train the voices of the participants.The able participants will be judged by none other than the most esteemed veterans of music fraternity like Kumar Sanu , Alka Yagnik and Joy Sarkar. Renowned and experienced persons from music background has been contacted to come time to time to judge and advice the participants to enhance their performance and singing. So the show will be graced by artists like Kunal Ganjawala , Shilajit, Usha Uthup , Shreya, Hariharan, Shaan etc.The show is hosted by the famous chocolate boy of Bengal- Jishu Sengupta. Being aligned to music since he was a child, Jishu will be perfect to grace the show. He will not only bridge the gap between the judges and participant but will also boost the spirits of these youngsters as the competition gets tougher with every elimination.The show will have a live band to support the performances. The set is magnanimous and has a lively and vibrant feel to it. Although elimination, competition and scrutiny of the judges are a part of the format of the show, still it is filled with humor, love and laughter with funny moments between the judges, participants, groomers and the host.Coming Monday, 16th July 2012, 9.30 pm thus the search for the next voice of Entertainment Industry begins.While interacting with the media on the sets of the show at D.R.R studio on Friday, all the three judges said that till now the participants had been chosen on the basis of their vocal qualities, voice modulation, stage performance, facial expressions and and other factors and even during the actual show which goes on air from 16th July, the participants would be continued to be judged on the same factors.Said Jishu when asked about his experience as a host on Sa Re Ga Ma Pa for the first time, 'I am very excited to be hosting such a musical show for the first time and am also very proud to be associated with a brand like Zee. I am having great fun with the participants as they are all like friends and hope the show turns out to be a big success'. He also added 'The acoustics of this studio (D.R.R) is probably one of the best places where I have worked so far'. Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14969352", "title": "New law soon to curb usury", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A bill that will help rein in loan sharks who feed on economically underprivileged sections such as daily wage labourers and small scale vendors is set to come up before the Kerala assembly. The Kerala Excess Interest Prohibition Act, 2012, having stringent provisions to control money lenders in the state, is likely to be presented by finance minister KM Mani in the ongoing session of the assembly.The new bill, which prohibits all types of illegal money lending like metervatti, divasavatti, kanduvatti and thandal recommends imprisonment up to three years and a fine of Rs 50,000 for those who lend money at exorbitant interest and threaten borrowers to pay back, will give more teeth to the Kerala Money Lenders Act, 1958. The only form of private money lending that will be permissible in the state after the enactment of the new legislation will be lending at a rate up to 2% more than the lending rate of commercial banks.After the enactment of the law, if a borrower wants to settle arrears with a non-licenced money lender, he can approach the court with a petition and submit the principal amount along with the approved interest rate at the court. The court can also order the release of any movable or immovable assets attached by the lender following the lapse of the borrower to repay the loan amount and interest.The Act wants all existing money lenders to disclose their business details before a court within one month of its enactment. In that case, legal interest approved by the 1958 Act can be levied from borrowers in the disclosed transactions.\"Even though the 1958 Act has made illegal money lending a cognizable offence, there are no provisions to control loan sharks. Hence, a legislation to prohibit illegal money lending and to punish all who engage in such activities needs to be enacted in public interest,\" Mani has explained in a note attached to the draft bill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14967278", "title": "Boy falls to death from tenth floor in Indore", "text": "INDORE: In a tragic incident, a teenaged boy, who went to celebrate his friend's birthday died after falling from tenth floor of a building in Shalimar Township late Saturday night. The area comes under the jurisdiction of Lasudia police.Investigating Officer Gulab Singh Verma said the deceased, identified as Shikhar Lad, 16, was the resident of Usha Nagar Extension.According to the officer, Shikhar went to celebrate his friend Mayur Kalra's birthday in afternoon. In night at around 11, the boy fell from the 10{+t}{+h} floor of a building.Police said that his father dropped him there and was supposed to pick him from there. He was waiting on the 10th floor for his father to pick him up when he reportedly fell down, said the police.Police sent the body to MY Hospital for autopsy and investing the case to ascertain the reason.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14967296", "title": "Festivities on a high note on Bonalu", "text": "HYDERABAD: Goddess Mahankali temples in the Old City came alive on Sunday with thousands of devotees queuing up to offer Bonam (cooked rice, milk and sugar) to the deity. Close to fifty thousand devotees from across the city and surrounding districts participated in the Bonalu celebrations at the famous temples in Shah Ali Banda and Lal Darwaza.Like every year, celebrations were on a grand scale at the lavishly decorated Akkanna Madanna Mahankali temple and Bangaru Maisamma temple in Shah Ali Banda, Mutyalamma temple in Hari Bowli, and at the Lal Darwaza Mahankali temple. The day began with maha abhishekam at these temples in the early hours. Around 8 am, the doors were opened for devotees who had by then gathered in large numbers.Women carrying the Bonam made their way to temples with men in every group carrying thottelu made of colourful papers to present to the goddess. Later in the day, the much-awaited Potharajus drew crowds, especially the children, lashing out whips in frenzy. The sound of drum beats through the day served to scale up the spirit of the festivities. Shantikalyanam pujas were performed to mark the conclusion of the celebrations on Sunday.According to J Satish, Akkanna Madanna temple committee member, celebrations were bigger than last year. Close to fifty thousand people participated in the festivities in the area, he estimated.Traffic restrictions which were in place until late evening in many parts of the Old City and surrounding areas including Amberpet, proved a minor annoyance for motorists. Celebrations at the Amberpet main road forced motorists heading towards Nallakunta to take a detour through Amberpet police lines while traffic through roads leading in and out of Shah Ali Banda neighborhood was diverted through Darulshifa.A bevy of policemen at every temple kept a close watch on the proceedings as crowds continued to arrive at the temples despite the lashing rains in the evening. Celebrations passed off peacefully much to the relief of the police.On Monday, processions from Mahankali temples in Haribowli, Lal Darwaza, Uppuguda, Mir Alam Mandi and Kasaratta, Jagadamba temple of Sultanshahi, Shah Ali Banda, Alijah Kotla and Gowlipura, and Sultanshahi, Aliabad and Chandulal Bela are expected to join the Akkanna Madanna elephant procession at Nehru Statue, Lal Darwaza crossroads. The Ghatam procession from Akkanna Madanna temple will be taken out in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14989638", "title": "Uddhav Thackeray hospitalised", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray was on Monday admitted to Lilavati hospital in suburban Bandra here for routine check up, party sources said.Uddhav was not feeling well since his recent foreign trip, they said.Asked if Uddhav complained of chest pain, the party sources said the picture will be clear only after the medical bulletin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "14970773", "title": "School teacher murdered near Bhandara", "text": "BHANDARA: A high school teacher Vasant Pandhari Pawankar, 45, working in Khamari Buty high school was murdered and his body was found in a nullah near Palgaon village on Bhandara-Paoni road on Saturday morning. Khamari village is situated on the bank of Wainganga and is 15km away from Bhandara.According to police sources, on Friday evening Pawankar along some of his colleagues had gone to attend a retirement party of a colleague held at Khawas dhaba in nearby Bhilewada village. Pawankar had informed his wife, also a teacher with Buty school, that he will come home late in the night . But he did not return to his home at Rukmini Nagar, Bhandara, in the night. After midnight he mobile too was switched off.On Saturday morning, his body was found in the nullah near Palgaon (Ambadi). There were multiple knife injuries on his body and his motorcycle was found on his body.Sub-divisional police officer of Bhandara Pankaj Dahane said that they have sent the body for post-mortem. No one has been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14972757", "title": "TN to introduce 2 tour packages on Monday", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu Tourism Development Corporation (TTDC) on Monday will introduce two seasonal tour packages - a five-day 108 Amman temples tour covering various temples in the state and a one-day Sakthi tour covering temples in and around Chennai. \"Tourists often visit these temples during Aadi month of Tamil calendar which falls in July. The packages will be a huge success as more than 60% of the seats have already been booked. We are also getting more enquiries,\" said an official of the tourism department. The 108 temples tour will be operated on Mondays and Thursdays. The TTDC is also planning to introduce more new packages. \"The packa8ges will be based on the feedback from tourists and suggestions from pros8p8e8ctive travellers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "14973684", "title": "13 girls of Ganjam orphanage down with typhoid", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Eight more inmates of Utkal Balashram have taken ill due to typhoid, taking the total number of girls at the orphanage suffering from the disease to 13. Six of the ailing girls were shifted to MKCG Medical College and Hospital from a private hospital for treatment on Sunday.Bharati Singh (15), an inmate of the government-run home, which houses 60 orphan girls from various areas of south Odisha, died on Thursday night while undergoing treatment for malaria at a private hospital, said honorary secretary of the home S K Patnaik, who is also a retired doctor.A medical team, headed by the chief district medical officer, has collected blood samples of all the inmates of the home and is closely monitoring the situation. The medical team also collected water samples from the home to test in the laboratory. \"We have collected blood and water samples to test them,\" said Ganjam chief district medical officer (CDMO) S K Patnaik.Water contamination might have caused the spread of the disease at the orphanage, the CDMO said, adding he has written to urban water supply executive engineer to find out the sources of the contamination.\"We suspect most of the ailing inmates are suffering from typhoid and anemia,\" Patnaik said, adding serious patients and those suffering from weakness are being given blood transfusion. \"A medical team is closely monitoring the situation and disinfecting the area with bleaching powder. The inmates are advised to use only boiled water,\" the CDMO said.Meanwhile, senior district level officers rushed to the home to assess the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14968825", "title": "Rainfall deficiency comes down", "text": "PATNA: With the South-West monsoon becoming vigorous over north-eastern states, including the Himalayan West Bengal and Bihar, the states, during the last 24 hours, received widespread rainfall, with likely increase in intensity.Met sources in Patna said Saturday and Sunday's rainfall in the state has helped to overcome the 46% deficiency to a great extent. Patna district, where the deficiency was 66%, as from June 1 to July 10 the state received only 151.7mm rainfall, also recorded good rainfall.Patna received the highest rainfall at 21mm during the last 24 hours, while Gaya, Bhagalpur and Purnia received 12mm, 10mm and 4mm respectively.Sunday's IMD forecast also says that the South-West monsoon is vigorous over Assam and Meghalaya and Himalayan West Bengal and Sikkim and active over Bihar and Vidarbha. The western end of the axis of monsoon trough at mean sea level now lies close to the foothills of the Himalayas, while the eastern end passes through Bahraich, Patna, Shanti Niketan, Canning town and thence south-eastwards to east central Bay of Bengal. Another branch extends eastwards from Patna to Arunachal Pradesh through Bhagalpur.The Patna Met department has predicted the state will receive more rainfall in the next 48 hours as there is a cyclonic circulation extending up to 2.1km over central parts of Uttar Pradesh, which now lies over east Uttar Pradesh and adjoining Bihar.Patna Met director DC Gupta said, \"The sky will remain overcast for the next 24 hours and many districts are likely to receive heavy to very heavy rainfall or thundershower.\"Rain during July is always crucial, but this year's bountiful rain during the first fortnight of July will be even more important,\" said Ranjit Saha, an expert in agricultural meteorology at RAU. Paddy farmers typically transplant seedlings from mid-July up to mid-August, he said.\"The seedlings themselves can be prepared in a relatively small patch of land, but we need a few days of good and widespread rainfall so that the soil is suitable for seedling transplantation,\" Saha added.Although the monsoon this year has covered the southern peninsula, the east and the west coast, its performance has been weak in most places. Vast tracts of central and northwest India still remain outside the monsoon zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "14972266", "title": "Enrolment of girls on rise, Lohardaga DSE hopes 8% growth", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Enrolment of girls is on rise in Lohardaga schools. Several projects of the central and state governments have paved the way to make this happen. The education department has begun collecting data to find out the actual growth regarding enrolment of girls in schools. District education officer (DEO) Prem Prakash Jha has said an estimated annual growth of five to eight per cent is expected once the data collection is completed.\"Apart from previous schemes girls are being attracted towards schools through special state schemes under provisions introduced by the Jharkhand government while celebrating 'Bitiya Varsh' this year. Lohardaga deputy commissioner Ratan Kumar is also playing vital role in encouraging girls to join school by improving infrastructure and providing basic needs like benches and desks, said Jha. \"Enrolment of girls has increased, dropout ratio has been much controlled, girls have performed well in matriculation examination and cycle, dress, books and scholarship distributions have played a promotional role in this regard. In rural parts girls are seen riding cycles to schools and colleges located 13 to 15 km away from home,\" the DEO added.The National Girls Promotion Scheme has provisions of good scholarship for girls to join higher education after matriculation. Class IX girls from ST/ SC and other categories of Kasturba Gandhi Residential Girls Schools have been selected under the scheme. As many as 1689 girls from 30 schools have been selected under the scheme. The government will provide a certain amount as scholarship through their bank accounts that the selected girls will be able to draw for their Intermediate studies.The DEO said all girls studying in Classes IX, X and XI have to be provided free dress, solar lamps and books by the state government.\"A proposal in form of list of 7,443 girls from 43 schools have been sent to the state government for the purpose.Apart from the welfare department schemes of bicycle distribution, the education department has also been distributing cycles to Class VIII girls from the general category. In 2011-12, as many as 160 bicycles were distributed to girl students,\" Jha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14970951", "title": "Gujju play Kadko Toye Crorepati keeps audience in splits", "text": "NAGPUR: The rags to riches stories spun by the mega reality show KBC has been inspiring films and theatre alike. Gujarati play Kadko Toye Crorepati is one such effort, which was thoroughly enjoyed by the audience on Sunday evening at Vasantrao Deshpande hall.This simple story of a middle-class family that wants to get rich quick has been written by Dilip Rawal and directed by acclaimed Gujarati theatre director Feiroz Bhagat. The middle-class protagonist Lalit is coping with unemployment, a bumbling wife, an aspirational son and a garrulous father. He pins his hope on the game show to turn his fortunes. He wins the show but unfortunately does not get the money. After the rough and tumble that his miseries put him through, he realizes that peace of mind and contentment are the only ingredients for quality living.The overtly simple storyline is essayed brilliantly by the cast, which includes seasoned actors like Jayesh Barbhaya, Pallavi Pathak, Nilesh Bhatt, Hetal Dedhia, Ashok Vyas and Naresh Shah. They carry the show with aplomb. Together, they are able to create an environment of a warm middle-class family which has concerns and desires that everybody can connect with. The repartee and witticism add to the mirth. Comic timing, synchronizations of music, dialogues and the performances are all perfect. Sound and light effect along with the music compliment the act.Satisfied with the audience response, Jyotsana Joshi of Manasi Group, which organized the play, said, \"I selected this play for its fantastic script. The storyline is so typical of our community and so is the end, as we all believe in simple living. The actors too contribute hugely to make it such a roaring success.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14968964", "title": "Tytler can't go to Olympics, Akalis tell Maken", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi unit of Shiromani Akali Dal has lashed out at sports minister Ajay Maken for his silence on former Congress MP Jagdish Tytler going to the Olympics as an official representative while he was opposing Suresh Kalmadi's visit on the ground of \"ethics and morality\".Jathedar Manjit Singh G K, president of SAD's Delhi unit, reminded Maken that Tytler, who was \"responsible for Sikh genocide in the capital\", was part of the Indian delegation for the London. \"We believe this move will agitate and hurt the sentiments of Sikh community and old wounds will be revived. The Sikh community is still awaiting justice. It is totally unacceptable. It is suggested that such persons should not be publicly promoted,\" Singh said in a statement.Sources said Tytler's name was no longer there in the first batch of representatives going to London. However, the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) has not ruled out his going in the next three batches. It is learnt that Tytler is not keen to travel to London.Maken could not be contacted despite repeated efforts. However, a source close to him said, \"We have learnt that Tytler is not going and so far as Kalmadi issue is concerned, the minister has objected to his visit as he is an accused in corruption issues related to CWG, a mega sporting event.\"SAD also referred to the recent development of the British government denying visa to Syria's Olympic chief for his alleged role in human rights violation in Syria.The party also objected to former Punjab DGP K P S Gill going for the Olympics, saying he was accused of gross human rights violations.\"SAD will hold mass demonstrations if Tytler and Gill are allowed to go to London. We have also addressed a letter to the British government appealing that they should not be allowed to even enter the United Kingdom and their participation in the upcoming mega sporting event be banned,\" the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "amalapuram", "code": "14967348", "title": "Congress insiders foiling my welfare plan: CM Kiran Kumar Reddy", "text": "Amalapuram: Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy on Sunday hit out at members of his own party for trying to sabotage his government's welfare schemes, including the Rajiv Yuva Kiranalu, to portray a negative image of the situation in the state to Congress leadership in New Delhi. The CM was responding to grievances of the masses over non-implementation of welfare schemes and their poor impact on intended beneficiaries during his direct meetings with the public as part of his much-touted 'Indiramma Baata' outreach programme.And, for the second successive day, Kiran Kumar faced angry protests over his government's failures: this time in East Godavari district on Sunday.Tribals from Bornagudem in Rampachodavaram tried to stop his convoy with a symbolic show of empty pots as they demanded that they be provided drinking water but were checked by police. Angry dalits from Batnavelli gave vent to their fury by tearing down banners and burning the CM's effigies for being denied invitations to the community lunch.For his part, the CM said that his government was planning to buy 700MW power to address shortages in the state. He also said that he would discuss the proposal to set up a coconut board in the Konaseema region with the Centre, adding that the Indiramma Baata would be launched in every district to assess the impact of government schemes. The CM also informed audiences that he had been continuously pressuring the Centre to implement the Swaminathan commission's recommendations for the benefit of farmers. Touching upon the different aspects of social welfare, the CM said that there was a need to enhance man days for MGNREGS labourers and increase the beds in the agency hospitals. He declared that his government would take necessary steps to fill doctors' posts in the Agency and take stringent action against corrupt practices in the conduct of MGNREGS works.For the weavers, he promised that he would urge the Centre to link the sector to MGNREGS.The CM, while on his way to Amalapuram, stopped his convoy to join students playing cricket at the AP Residential College at Rampachodavaram. Speaking at the Girijan ashram school, he declared new infrastructure development funds worth Rs 3 crore. Addressing the students, he said knowledge of computers and proficiency in English were essential in the modern world.\"The purpose behind launching the Baata programme in every district would be to assess whether welfare schemes were reaching the intended beneficiaries. If there are any lacunae in the system, we will change the schemes accordingly,\" the CM said.Refuting rival parties' charges, the CM said that his government had never promised direct employment to those undergoing training under the Rajiv Yuva Kiranalu programme, a skill-enhancement scheme. However, the CM did admit that members of his own party were trying to sabotage the programme.Earlier, he visited weavers' colonies at Bhandarulanka and Batnapalli villages.many inaugurations of government schemes and reviews with officials on the second day of his three-day tour, the CM made his night halt at R&B; guest house at Kakinada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14971160", "title": "Water, bus service may rock Nagpur Municipal Corporation general body", "text": "NAGPUR: The five coopted corporators will face their last hurdle in the meeting of Nagpur Municipal Corporation general body to be held on Monday. Two of five seats are still in controversy. Meanwhile, the meeting is set to be a stormy affair with opposition planning to corner ruling body on water contamination and city buses' issues.The five seats of coopted corporators were to be filled during the election of mayor and deputy mayor on March 5. The issue remained pending for various reasons. Officiating municipal commissioner and collector Saurabh Rao, in a proposal sent to the general body, said the names of Vijay Barse ( Congress) and Mahendra Raut (BJP) could not be recommended due to lack of experience and knowledge of NMC working which are the prescribed conditions under new bylaws. Rao cleared the names of BJP's Prakash Totwani and Sanjay Bhonde and Congress' Tanveer Ahmed.The general body now has to take decision on the recommendation of civic chief. Sources told TOI the BJP-led ruling party and Congress-led opposition group would hold a meeting before commencement of the meeting and take a decision in this regard. \"They will name others in case of problems in clearing the names of Barse and Raut. There is a chance that these names could be challenged with the state government or High Court. The three remaining seats will be cleared in the meeting,\" said the sources.The meeting will also elect one of the corporators as trustee of NIT. BJP's senior corporator Ravindra alias Chhotu Bhoyar is frontrunner but Narendra alias Balya Borkar is also in the race. Sources said BJP national president Nitin Gadkari held a meeting on Sunday evening and has cleared one name. Senior corporator from South Nagpur Sudhakar Kohle, who was trustee for the last five years, is out of the race after being appointed as chairman of water works committee.Sources told TOI that the corporators from opposition group will demand a discussion on water contamination issue which is the major problem especially in Central, East and North Nagpur. The corporators are upset with the performance of private operator Orange City Water Ltd that failed to control contamination of water. OCWL actually supplied highly turbid water for two days in East and North Nagpur.Leader of opposition group Vikas Thakre is likely to raise the issue of city buses. He could raise the issue of Rs 6 crore loss incurred due to payment of VAT on purchase of buses despite exemption given by the Central government. Besides, he may also demand clarity on IL&FS; and UMTC role in the city bus service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14967184", "title": "Drama school students awarded certificates", "text": "BHOPAL: The first batch of 25 students from Madhya Pradesh Drama School (Natya Vidyalaya), were awarded certificate in dramatics in the city on Sunday. The state-run drama school on the lines of NSD to promote folk theatre and others arts of central India began last year.Based on a mobile structure, the students visited parts of Madhya Pradesh gaining an insight into local art forms of the state, informed drama school director Sanjay Upadhayay.\"We hope that the new batches would be awarded degrees in the near future,\" said advisory committee member Vani Tripathi. The guiding committee of the school has proposed converting one-year programme into a three-year diploma. The new session for the batch of 2012-13 begins from Monday.State cultural minister Laxmikant Sharma and theatre personality Piyush Mishra and Ramgopal Bajaj attended the convocation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14975007", "title": "Guwahati bars to down shutters at 10 pm, become strict about verifying age of customers", "text": "GUWAHATI: After last Monday's incident of molestation of a young girl by miscreants in the busy GS Road area, bar owners in the city have assured the administration to take up all possible steps to prevent teenagers from entering their establishments.The National Commission for Women (NCW) on Saturday blamed bar owners for the incident, as the 20-year-old girl had attended a party at a bar on GS Road that night, though she is yet to attain the age of 21 years, which makes her eligible to enter a bar.Following a strict order from the Kamrup (metro) district administration, the managements of many bars in the city have put up notices outside their bars mentioning that no drinks will be served to youths below 21 years of age and that no sale or service will take place after 10 pm.Sankar Das Gupta, manager of Blue Moon Hotel in Uzan Bazar locality, said that after the G S Road incident on Monday last, he has instructed the staff of the hotel bar to pack business even before 10 o'clock in the night.\"The managements of bars should be very strict while giving permission to young boys and girls to enter their premises. We are not allowing anybody below 21 years of age in our bar and as per the latest directives of the Kamrup (metro) district administration, we will check the age proof of the youths whenever required,\" said Das Gupta.He added that after the administration has warned the bar owners to stop business at 10 pm positively, their bar staff have started winding up things from 9.30 pm.\"We are going to install close circuit television cameras inside the bars, which are not there at present,\" Das Gupta said.Buddha Patowary, a senior staff of Pickle The Bar at Paltan Bazar, has started shutting down the business in their bar at 10 pm without any delay.\"We are not going to do business at the cost of lives of youngsters. Our management has already put up a notice at the entry gate mentioning the prohibitory orders of the district administration,\" Patowary said.Kamrup (metro) deputy commissioner Ashutosh Agnihotri said strict warnings have been issued to all 127 hotels, bars and restaurants that are allowed to serve liquor in the city not to allow any youth below 21 years of age to enter and to maintain peace and order in and around their premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14971952", "title": "Tiger mauls man at Tata zoo", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Mohd Asif, 33, was mauled and seriously injured by a tiger after he sneaked into the animal's enclosure at the Tata Steel Zoological Society (TSZS) here, police said on Sunday.Asif had entered the enclosure of Raghav, the full grown tiger, on Saturday night and was found unconscious inside the cage by zoo staff on Sunday morning.The victim was removed from the cage by the zoo staff and admitted to the MGM Hospital here after administering first-aid, zoo sources said.Asif is a resident of Kapali under the Chandil police station in adjoining Seraikela-Kharsawan district.\"We are probing the case from various angles to ascertain why the victim attempted to sneak into the tiger's cage unlawfully,\"said investigating officer Mohd Farooque Khan. He suspected Asif to be mentally unsound.\"He is undergoing treatment at MGM Hospital. Once he becomes normal, we will question him,\" the IO said.The victim suffered injuries on both his legs and hands. The zoo authorities concerned no harm was caused to the tiger. \"We are reviewing all aspects related to the safety and security of the animals,\" said a senior zoo official, maintaining that entry gates on both the sides of the zoo were closed at night.\"We have asked the security agency concerned to submit a report in this regard,\" a TSZS official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14967335", "title": "17-year-old comes under train", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 17-year-old was run over by a train near Yakutpura on Sunday afternoon. According to Kacheguda government railway police officials, Jaysu alias Monu, an inter first year student and a resident of Kurmaguda, was hit by a train when he was walking along the tracks with his friend Deepak. The youngster sustained a head injury and died on the spot. The cops said that it is not known why the two youngsters were in the area when the accident took place.Officials said that Deepak, who fled from the spot, could not be reached on phone and suspect that the incident may have frightened him. A case of accidental death has been registered and the body sent to Osmania hospital mortuary. Cops added that if the investigation reveals more details then cases under other sections may be filed in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14967512", "title": "Metro rail to chug through 66 stations", "text": "HYDERABAD: Design of the metro rail stations have been finalised and in all, the city will have 66 stations at 63 locations, said a press release issued by Hyderabad Metro Rail Limited (HMRL) on Sunday.In a first of its kind, all the stations except at Ameerpet, Parade Grounds, and MGBS, will have a cantilever design, that is the station resting only on pillars in the middle with no side pillars. With the entire station resting on only about 10 heavily reinforced central pillars without any pillars on the sides, the road below will look open, spacious and airy, claimed HMRL.A two-level - 'concourse level' and 'platform level'- stations will be built with entry and exit facilities for passengers with staircases, escalators and lifts at the road level. Commuters with smart cards or after buying tickets at the counters will enter the 'paid area' through an 'Automatic Fare Collection' ( AFC ) gates. After entering the 'paid area', passengers can go to the next level, which is the platform level again through lifts, escalators and staircases to board the train.Foolproof security features will be incorporated in the station design with the approval of various security wings of the Union home ministry.The main security features include access controlled passenger entry with baggage checking arrangements, CCTV cameras and other surveillance equipment, resembling the tight security at airports. The stations will also be provided with fire protection and fire detection systems. The fire prevention system will be of international standards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14969898", "title": "Lottery claimant flees as cops step in", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kishan Chand, the textile merchant from Panipat, Haryana, who has been protesting in front of the secretariat claiming that the state has denied him the prize money even after he won the Karunya Lottery, is absconding.He went missing after the lottery director Biju Prabhakar decided to refer the case to the crime branch. The drastic step was taken after the lottery agent, who sold the prize ticket, claimed that Kishan Chand had taken Rs 7 lakh from him and is now claiming another Rs 3 lakh.\"After I mentioned to the lottery agent that the case will be referred to the police as we feel that something shady is going on, Kishan Chand too is absconding,\" Prabhakar said.The lottery director said the lottery agent had no obligation to pay any sum to the person who has won the prize. \"Out of the Rs 1 crore prize money, the agent is eligible for Rs 10 lakh from the lottery department. The winner would receive Rs 63 lakh after tax deductions,\" he said.The crime branch is currently working on 50 cases of malpractices in the lottery sector after media reports that there was a huge racket operating outside the state.\"We cannot take a chance in these matters. Now that the lottery agent himself has given a written statement against the claimant, we will have to refer the matter to the inquiring agencies,\" A Ajith Kumar, taxes secretary told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14972930", "title": "Thieves steal jewellery worth Rs 2.61L", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A gang of thieves targeted a jewellery shop near a police chowky in Naranpura and managed to get away with 5.8kg of silver jewellery worth Rs 2.61 lakh. The thieves also damaged the CCTV camera installed in the premises.According to Naranpura police officials, Gautam Shah, a resident of Naranpura, has filed a complaint of theft. Shah owns Anmol Jewellers in Anmol Regency Complex near Naranpura Crossroads. In his complaint, he says that thieves entered the shop after prying open the shutter with a heavy object. They closed the space of entry once they were inside the shop, Shah says.Gold ornaments were secure because they were placed in an electronic safe that the thieves could not break.\"The thieves knew about the location of the CCTV and the first thing they did was to dislodge and disconnect it from computer servers,\" said a Naranpura police official. \"However, our investigation has revealed that the CCTV had not been switched on. So we have not found any picture that could give us a clue about the thieves. We suspect that more than two thieves were involved. They targeted the safe and displays and broke locks, with perhaps crowbars. Search is on for the gang.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14987058", "title": "Madhumita Shukla murder case: No relief for Amarmani Tripathi", "text": "LUCKNOW: Former SP MLA Amarmani Tripathi has failed to find any relief from high court in the Madhumita Shukla murder case.The court on Monday upheld a trial court order in the case.The trial court had convicted the former SP MLA and sentenced him to life imprisonment in 2007.Poetess Madhumita Shukla was murdered in Lucknow in 2003.Amarnmani Tripathi and his wife were the prime accused in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14985191", "title": "Vidya Balan turns homemaker", "text": "On December 30, 2011, we told you how media honcho Siddharth Roy Kapur bought a sprawling Rs 14 crore flat for his ladylove Vidya Balan in Juhu. And now we hear, that the actress has been given a free hand to transform the piece of brick and mortar into an ideal home.Vidya, who was hardly ever spotted at the Juhu Tara Road apartment complex in the past, has been a frequent visitor there of late. Sources from the building revealed that the actress had been spotted going up to her flat at least once a week. And that's because she has been supervising the interior decoration of her soon-to-be home.A source from the building revealed, \"The flat should take another six months to be ready. Vidya has been busy discussing the furnishing with the designers. She comes alone most of the time during morning or afternoon and spends an hour in her flat. Siddharth accompanies her once in a while.\"Siddharth bought the sea facing flat through a famous property agent, who has a celebrity clientele that includes Sachin Tendulkar, Sushmita Sen, Saif Ali Khan , Sanjay Dutt , Shilpa Shetty, Akshay Kumar , Kareena Kapoor, Deepika Padukone , Karisma Kapur, Katrina Kaif , Karan Johar and Subhash Ghai .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14972543", "title": "Frequent fliers pay through nose for car parking", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai airport is the most expensive place to park your car, if you are planning to leave it there for a day. The new tariff, which came into effect after a smart card-based parking system was introduced, has hit frequent fliers the most. Parking for a day at the airport lot costs up to Rs 720. In malls like the Express Avenue, it can cost up to Rs 430 for 24 hours. EA charges Rs 100 for three hours of parking during weekends and Rs 55 on weekdays.Several businessmen who take morning flights and return in the evening and those who travel for a couple of days often leave their cars at the parking lot till they return. These travellers are hit by the new parking policy of Airports Authority of India (AAI) which wants to discourage people from parking their cars on the airport premises. Parking a car costs Rs 120 for four hours.\"The charge is exorbitant for those who park for a day. A return ticket to Trichy may cost around Rs 6,000 but those who fly out in the morning and return in the evening have to pay close to Rs 720 to park their car at the airport. A car will occupy only 50 sqft, and the money charged for that is much higher than renting a space in the open market,\" said Sarath Babu, founder and CEO of Food King, who travels often.A computerised access control parking system was introduced in April 2012 to prevent congestion outside the terminal. AAI has demarcated a remote car parking area near the airport police station for those who want to park for long hours at cheaper rates. Airport charges Rs 60 for four hours at this parking lot, which is away from the terminal, said an airport official. Sarath Babu said this is not known to many.Frequent fliers said they should get preference as regular customers. \"AAI should provide special arrangements for people who fly for a day. Many travellers prefer to leave their cars at airports when they are on short trips,\" said D Sudhakara Reddy, president of the Air Passengers Association of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14991205", "title": "Arushi murder case: SC issues notice to CBI on Nupur's bail plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has issued a notice to the CBI on Nupur Talwar's bail plea in the Arushi murder case.The apex court has asked CBI to file reply by August 6.Arushi's mother Nupur has sought parity with co-accused and her husband Rajesh Talwar, who has been on bail since 2008.The Talwars are facing charges of murder, conspiracy and destruction of evidence.Aarushi, 14, was found murdered at her parents' Noida residence May 16, 2008. Hemraj's body was found the next day on the terrace of the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14970152", "title": "Jawan arrested for wife's murder", "text": "PUNE: A jawan who is a Naik at the artillery division of the army was arrested on Saturday for allegedly strangling his wife to death at their residential quarter in Ghorpadi.The Wanowrie police identified the suspect as Samadhan Kisan Jadhav (30) of K G Lines Army servant quarters, Ghorpadi. He was arrested under section 302 of the Indian Penal Code for murdering his wife, Pratibha (24). The police are yet to ascertain the reason behind the murder.Senior police inspector of the Wanowrie police station Bajirao Mohite told TOI that Jadhav allegedly strangled Pratibha before going to work on Saturday morning. He later tried to mislead the police by claiming that he found his wife lying unconscious in the bathroom when he returned in the evening.\"He took her to the army hospital, where she was declared dead. The murder came to light after the post mortem of Pratibha's body at the army hospital. The report said that Pratibha had died due to strangulation. We arrested Jadhav under suspicion,\" he said.\"We suspect that Pratibha's murder is a fall out of a family dispute. We are investigating further,\" he added.Jadhav was produced before the court on Sunday and remanded to police custody till July 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14973635", "title": "Woman cop 'kills self'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A 26-year-old woman constable was found dead in her house in Bhubaneswar on Sunday. The deceased, Juli Sunita Eka, was posted in the police reserve line.Though the exact cause of the death was not yet known, police suspected that she committed suicide by gulping some medicines on Saturday night. \"She was rushed to hospital this morning. But doctors declared her dead,\" Saheed Nagar inspector K P Mishra said.Preliminary investigation by police indicated that Eka resorted to the drastic step following an altercation with a friend (a male), who is in the army and posted in Jammu and Kashmir. \"We are interrogating him to elicit information from him,\" another police officer said.Eka, who was transferred to the state capital from Puri four months ago, was staying in the barracks at reserve police colony near Acharya Vihar.The dead woman's father, Joseph Eka, who also works in the police department in Cuttack, accused her friend of mentally harassing her for a long time. \"My daughter's friend had been forcing her to marry him, but we were opposed to his advancement,\" Joseph told media persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14966912", "title": "A race against the clock", "text": "COIMBATORE: Trust city residents to line up for car races on a Sunday afternoon even if it is not Narain Karthikeyan behind the wheels. An Autocross Rally organised jointly by the Coimbatore Auto Sports Club (CASC) and An Open Mind (AOM) at the PSG Ganga Naidu Charities Trust Ground, behind Jenney's Club, attracted a decent crowd of motor sports enthusiasts.Nearly 90 participants registered for the event and a preliminary round was held in the morning to narrow down the competition, said Haseena Kutty, CEO of AOM. There were six classes ranging from the 850 cc, 1150cc, 1400cc, 1600cc, 3000cc open, 4X4 gypsy up to 1400cc and a separate competition for ladies.Six were selected for each round. Twin tracks were laid on the grounds, where the two competed simultaneously. \"This was arranged so that viewers would not miss the fun,\" Kutty said. She said drivers were instructed to ensure safety measures including seat belts, helmets, proper jackets, gloves and other materials. An ambulance was on standby in case of any unfortunate slip-up.Unlike the car rallies seen on television sets, the one here did not topple over, but the fun and excitement was intact. Auto Cross rallies are considered to be a safe mode of car racing. This is because the rallies are held on tracks, where individual cars race against the clock, not with other cars as in regular car races.Some of the drivers said they were participating in the event as it provided an opportunity to practice in a competitive environment. PG Abhilash from PGA Motor Sports said they took this as an event to practice. \"There are not many places in India where we can practice racing. This is a good place,\" he said. Abhilash and his team, who are regular motorists, say for them participating in such rallies, are a safe way of testing their skills.So was it for the four women drivers for whom the event was an opportunity to test their skills. Ashika Menezes, a software engineer from Bangalore who won the first place in the women's wing race, said the sheer fun and excitement in these opportunities were enough for them to keep going. \"That is the excitement of being involved,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14974227", "title": "Cultural integration is the key", "text": "Studying abroad is quite an adventure. The applicants who usually go to alien nations to fulfil their quest for education are mostly on the right side of thirty and are in a position to experience new emotions and situations with a fresh outlook.Therefore, it is very important to blend in and follow a path to cultural integration. Regardless of the country the applicant is coming from, the culture of the student's host country has standards of appearance and social behaviour that subtly set it apart. More often than not, the visitor's dress, appearance, choice of words and habits may naturally let others know that he is not a local. There are safety issues too. Those who stick out as obvious visitors are targeted more often by pickpockets and other thieves. This may also draw unhealthy interest in the form of stares. It would be wise to observe and implement a dress sense to fit in. This can begin as a conscious exercise the moment the student lands.The student should also keep in mind what makes him or her comfortable. For example, normal casual attire for an American student going to class may include a hooded sweatshirt or team logo t-shirt , shorts, tennis shoes, white athletic socks, and a baseball cap. Such dress habits may be considered rude or upstart in a social environment that of India's . A student may also notice that in some countries dressing for the class room may border on the formal. This could be unnerving too for anybody travelling from cities such as New Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore or Chennai. Rules of interaction may vary too. For instance, in some cultures, making eye contact with or greeting strangers in the Indian culture may illicit a strange look or even draw unwanted attention. On the other hand, some other cultures may be less ashamed about making inquisitive eye contact, which may seem like rude staring to an American visitor.The student's experience may begin with fascination towards the host culture. The food tastes delicious , everything is novel and exciting ; full of enthusiasm, he or she senses that a wonderful experience lies ahead and cannot wait for everything that is to come. Before long, the student begins to encounter difficulties in the language (wherever applicable), colloquialisms , studies, and awkward interactions with the locals inadvertently creep in.Independent consultants say something similar. According to Naveen Chopra of The Chopras Consultant, education undertaken in foreign contries is important because studying abroad is not merely about surfing the net, filling in application forms and sending them to universities you have heard of. It is a well planned investment that one makes in order to reap great results.The internet, increased travel and a fast globalizing world has created huge higher education opportunities for students in countries across the globe. There are many reasons as to why education imbibed in foreign lands is important. Internationally sourced education offers global views and perspectives that enhance the education of students who are campus bound, in pursuit of an online degree or who have the opportunity to explore cultures and languages through education abroad. All students benefit from an education that incorporates global concepts regardless of their choice of major or future career goals.In the global workforce, international education prepares students to work and live with greater success and purpose. In short, international education helps us to see outside of our own lives and realize that many perspectives, talents and hues create a more interesting world. WKU student Harveen Kaur, from New Delhi, India graduated on May 19, 2012 with a Master of Business Administration from Western Kentucky University. She is the first graduate from the United States Navitas pathway programs. Kaur began the Navitas Pre-Masters Program in January of 2011. While enrolled in this one-semester program, Kaur studied research methods, college reading strategies for graduate students, and introduction to leadership studies.These credit-bearing courses helped prepare her for graduate level courses while giving her time to prepare for her MBA degree. In August, of 2011, Kaur began her Master of Business Administration program with the Gordon Ford College of Business at WKU. This MBA program is a one-year , fulltime option. Students attend day and evening classes within semesters held in August, January and May. Full-time students graduate from the program in one year from the time of admission. Some countries such as Singapore are hot favourites among aspiring students owing to the good infrastructure and support available from Indian consultancies and assisting companies, which ensure that the student's stay and study in Singapore is an enviable one. Owing to proximity and sharing of culture, Singapore houses a lot of similarity with Indian cuisine and culture including a massive Tamilian population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14967342", "title": "One dies, another hurt in road mishap", "text": "INDORE: A 17-year-old boy was killed and another sustained serious injuries when a mini truck hit their bicycle in Aerodrome area here on Sunday afternoon. The deceased was identified as Atul Prasad, son of Durga Prasad, and a resident of Ramganj, Jinsi.According to police, Atul and his friend Hitesh were crossing Lakshmi Nagar mandi on bicycle when a mini truck (MP09 KD4035) coming from the opposite direction hit them. Atul reportedly came under the wheels and died on the spot while Hitesh, who was sitting on the carrier, fell to one side and sustained injuries. He was admitted to the district hospital. The driver of the killer vehicle managed to escape from the scene soon after the incident. Police though compounded the truck and registered a case under the relevant section of IPC. Search for the driver was on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14970222", "title": "PCMC plans to sort trash at source in four wards", "text": "PUNE: Garbage collection in Pimpri Chinchwad is not being done in a proper manner in the absence of adequate awareness.The civic body will now implement a pilot project to develop one ward in each of the four zones to facilitate collection of segregated garbage at source.The civic body, in this year's budget, had said that it was collecting segregated dry and wet garbage for disposal. In reality, the civic body has been collecting mixed garbage in specially designed autorickshaws that have separate compartments.Health executive officer RB Chavan said, \"It is the responsibility of the citizens to segregate garbage at source, but they do not do it. People need motivation to segregate garbage, so we are planning to implement a pilot project by developing one ideal ward in each of the four zones. I will write to the zonal officers to select a ward for the pilot project.\"Public awareness in the selected wards will be conducted. Garbage collectors will be able to get dry garbage at the house itself which can be sold. \"We will need NGOs to motivate the people. We also want to set up a vermicomposting plant in the ward so that the wet garbage can be converted to compost and there is no need to dump garbage at the depot,\" Chavan said.The civic body had earlier planned to distribute two separate garbage bins for dry and wet garbage to each house for free. Pimpri Chinchwad mayor Mohini Lande said that citizens should cooperate with the civic body by segregating the garbage at source. This will reduce the dumping of garbage at the Moshi garbage depot. The civic body is implementing a vermicomposting project at Moshi.Jagdish Shetty, chairman of the standing committee, too emphasized the need for citizens to segregate garbage at home to reduce dumping at the 80-acre depot. Pimpri Chinchwad with a population of 17.5 lakh people generates 600 tonnes of garbage daily.A special garbage disposal project under JNNURM with specially designed 362 autorickshaws - called hoppers - was purchased. These vehicles have carriers with two compartments - one for wet garbage and the second for dry garbage.A civic official said the Union government had sanctioned a project under JNNURM for home collection, transportation, treatment and disposal of garbage at a total expenditure of Rs 70.34 crore. This comprises Rs 35.22 crore from the Union government, Rs 14.09 crore of state government and Rs 21.13 crore as that of PCMC. The civic body has received the funds from the union and state governments and utilized them, the official added.While the city is divided into four zones, two private agencies have been appointed for collecting garbage. Nearly five lakh houses are covered every day by the two private agencies which have appointed garbage collectors who dump the trash at sorting centres.Shabana Diler, chief executive officer of SWaCH, one of the agencies, said, \"Each hopper rickshaw covers 1,650 houses per day in three trips. Garbage collectors cannot retrieve all the dry garbage from the mixed garbage as it is cumbersome and not possible. Waste collectors suffer injuries due to glass and other pointed objects in the garbage. The health department transports the garbage to the depot.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14968904", "title": "Preparations for presidential polls reviewed", "text": "LUCKNOW: Proceedings of pooling for presidential election 2012 will be videographed. An order to this effect was given by Pradeep Kumar Dubey, principal secretary Vidhan Sabha, while reviewing the preparations for the elections on Sunday.Dubey informed that instructions for videography are one of the many directions given by the Election Commission of India for the presidential polls. He stated that ballot boxes related to presidential election have reached the city and have been kept in a strong room. The boxes would be transported to Tilak Hall on July 19 when votes are to be polled. It may be noted that there are 403 elected members in UP Vidhan Sabha, who will vote for choosing India's next President. The value of each member's vote is 208.Four tables would be set up to help the members collect their voting slips. To ensure that the election process passes off smoothly, 50-odd officials have been put on duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14967809", "title": "Clean chit to Kiran Bedi in fund abuse case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eight months after Delhi Police registered a case against Team Anna member and former IPS officer Kiran Bedi for allegedly misappropriating funds meant for her NGOs, the crime branch has not found \"any evidence\" of misappropriation by Bedi. Sources in crime branch said \"they might soon file a closure report in the case\".\"We have examined all the documents related to donations of Rs 50 lakh by Microsoft to her NGO. The money was part of donation and there is no evidence to show that she siphoned off money for personal benefits,\" said a source.Delhi Police had registered a case against Bedi following court's order on the complaint of a Delhi-based lawyer Devinder Singh Chauhan. Chauhan had alleged that Bedi had received donations of over Rs 50 lakh from Microsoft for imparting free computer training to the children and families of BSF, CISF, ITBP, CRPF personnel and other state police organizations through her trust 'India Vision Foundation' and 'Navjyoti Foundation'. Bedi had been booked under sections 420 (cheating), 406 (criminal breach of trust) and 120 B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC in November last year.The crime branch looked at the payments receipts and records of Bedi's NGOs. They also questioned officials from Microsoft and Vedanta Foundation. \"It was alleged that Bedi got permission of four community centres by a misleading undertaking that she would not charge any fee from students, but she was charging Rs 15,000 per student,\" said an officer. \"There were further allegations that she misused the names of various government organizations, including banks, listing them as donors to get more donations and her NGOs received Rs 6,000 per month for each centre from Vedanta Foundation for facilities such as land and electricity. These allegations could not be proved and officials of Microsoft have not given any adverse statement against Kiran Bedi,\" he said.Crime branch officers said they would soon submit a detailed report of the investigation in the court. When asked whether they had formally interrogated Bedi, the source said, \"It was a cheating case based on documents, so there was not much need to interrogate her. We have verified all the documents\". After the case was filed in November, Kiran Bedi had claimed that \"she has evidence to deal with this FIR\". She was not available for comment on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14974803", "title": "All Guwahati Students' Union slams government", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All Guwahati Students' Union on Sunday stated that the failure of the state administration in handling law and order has shown that it cannot prevent harassment to young people within the state, leave alone protect students studying outside the state.The Guwahati wing of the All Assam Students' Union (Aasu) also stated that the organisation is holding discussions to arrive at a definite stand on the issue, and has severely condemned the molestation incident.\"The incident shows our state in a very poor light and we condemn it severely. We demand that whoever was involved in the incident must be brought to book and meted out the harshest punishment. The inefficiency of the state government under chief minister Tarun Gogoi shows that its has failed in maintaining law and order. Breakdown of law and order must be criticized and the government must take effective measures to solving the problems,\" said Simanta Thakiria, general secretary All Guwahati Students' Union.The leaders of Aasu, which is yet to speak in a public forum on the issue, only conveyed its views through a press release and has received some flak from the general populace for not speaking out vocally on the issue. The students' body, which is very vocal on other important issues, has for some reason maintained a stoic silence on the molestation incident.Sammujal Bhattacharya, Aasu advisor, through a press release stated that the chief minister, who is at the helm of the home department, has failed miserably in conducting its affairs properly.The city wing of the students' organisation further added that the administration must implement strict rules and regulations on bars, hotels , restaurants and other night spots, and severe punishment must be meted out to those who try to create an antisocial environment in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14973218", "title": "What you should learn from the bear market", "text": "Investors wonder when the bearish phase in equity market will end. They want to return to the optimism of a shining India that is sought after by global investors and is reflected in rising stock prices. Many have chosen to not act in this situation. Is this the right thing to do? What can we do when the future seems bleak and hopeless?Equity markets are primarily about allocating capital to businesses. In the traditional system, only the rich and wealthy could set up businesses. Then came banks and institutional lenders, which were willing to fund a business, provided it demonstrated the ability to grow and make profits. However, institutional lenders could take limited risk and were keen to earn a stable return on the capital they would contribute. Equity markets enable a large set of diverse individuals and institutions to contribute risk capital to businesses.Why would investors be willing to take the risk of funding a business? It is the possibility of getting a better return from investing in risky businesses that keeps them interested. However, this may not be enough. The risk taken by the investor is not always rewarded for no one knows which business will succeed and which one will fail. The regulators who monitor how equity capital is raised by businesses impose stringent disclosure requirements . This is to ensure that those who raise equity capital let their investors know all that they need to about the business, to be able to evaluate how it may perform in the future.Is this adequate? Even if investors know the 'true and fair' status of the business before they decide to invest, the risk of business may change subsequently. A business that plans to set up a power plant may not be able to tie up its coal supplies at a later date; a company that wants to make motorbikes may face competition from global players who enter the market with superior technology. Equity investors are willing to take these risks, provided two conditions are met. First, continuous information about the business is available to them. Second, they are able to act on adverse information and sell off their equity. The equity market enables both these.Equity markets, thus, enable everyone with a good business idea to find capital . If we are unable to create and run a business on our own, equity markets enable us to participate in ones created and run by enterprising people. What is the downside then? Why do markets go through cycles? The unknown future is an existential reality that businesses and equity markets cannot escape. There is no known method to filter out the best ideas and ensure that only these receive funding from equity investors. As long as they meet a minimum regulatory requirement and disclose adequate information about the business, anyone can raise equity capital. That is how it should be if equitable opportunities are to be provided to all aspiring entrepreneurs . In this open environment, the good, the bad, and the ugly compete for investor attention. Inevitably, when businesses do well, eager investors and aspiring entrepreneurs come in.There is only a limited amount of money and only a few manage to sustain and grow into stable long-term businesses. A bull market, thus, crashes under its own weight as poor quality businesses manage to raise money from eager investors. Each bear market may look like one with new problems, but it is only a cycle. As long as innovation and enterprise are alive, the bear market will end to give way to the next bull market. The process of cleansing begins as poor ideas fail and leave the marketplace. Those who have invested in bad ideas are left hurt and bruised and even the best ideas are viewed with scepticism.A bear market is a natural consequence of the excesses of a bull market. They are needed so investors and entrepreneurs can pause and weigh their options all over again. This they do under trying circumstances, when their hopes have been dashed and their returns are in the negative. Some leave and those who remain rework their strategies. A bear market forces businesses to revisit all assumptions. They cut costs, seek efficiencies , trim their workforce, review their prices and markets. It is under such circumstances, which threaten the very survival, that several innovations bloom.So what would you do as an investor? If you quit in despair and tell yourself that equity investing is not for you, it is very likely that you are drawn in later when the optimism revives and end up repeating the mistake of investing at the peak. It is tough to stand out and watch the party if your exit was emotional. If you are one of those who kept faith and hoped all will be well with your investments , irrespective of the quality of your investment, you are in denial. Bear markets call for review and action, and businesses around you are doing that. If you mulled over the bull and bear market cycles , you will see that quality investing can happen only when the markets are down. Don't miss the valuable lessons of the bear market.\u2014The author is Managing Director, Centre for Investment Education and Learning, and can be reached at uma.shashikant@ ciel.co.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14975519", "title": "Mathematics through technology", "text": "The Ramanujan Foundation for Initiatives in Mathematics Education (RFIME) recently organised a conference in the Capital for mathematics teachers, titled Enabling Mathematics Learning through Technology . The conference was inaugurated by Vineet Joshi, chairman, Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE). The inaugural function was facilitated by Shayama Chona, chairperson RFIME. Jonaki B Ghosh, the conference convener, introduced the theme of the conference by emphasising the role of technology in making mathematics learning meaningful. Eminent mathematicians such as R Ramanujam, Institute of Mathematical Sciences Chennai; Shailesh Shirali, Community Math Centre, Rishi Valley School and Inder K Rana, IIT Powai, Mumbai, were the plenary speakers of the conference and delivered talks on various aspects related to mathematics education and the use of technology in teaching mathematics. While Ramanujam talked about 'Mapping the School Mathematics Curriculum' that focused on the logical and pedagogical structure of the curriculum , Shailesh Shirali talked about the role of technology in facilitating experimentation and discovery in the mathematics classroom.Rana spoke about making mathematics learning more relevant through real-world problems. The conference also deliberated on various issues related to integration of technology in mathematics instruction and provided participants with hands-on experience in using some technology tools for teaching mathematics. 120 teachers from schools across Delhi and NCR participated in the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14967166", "title": "Conman dupes jewellery shop owner of Rs 5 lakh", "text": "BHOPAL: A man allegedly duped a jeweler to the tune of about Rs 5 lakh as he decamped with 15 gold chains and five rings after hoodwinking the jeweler's staff and the owner on Saturday evening.The incident took place at Chowk market here.Police said that an unidentified person reached Shringar Jewelers owned by Rahul in the Chowk market. On the pretext of showing the jewellery to his mother, the accused asked the shop owner to send his employees along with the jewellery items with him. Police said the accused took two salesmen identified as Bittu and Satish with the jewellery to a complex and asked them to wait outside while he went inside. However, after some time he came out through the other exit point of the building and told the jewellery shop's salesman that he has paid money to shop owner and took the jewellery of 15 gold chains and five rings amounting to Rs 5 lakh.When the salesmen told that they handed over the jewellery items to the accused, the shop owner realized that he has been deceived. Quoting the unidentified conman, they also told the jewellery shop owner that the accused told them to have already made the payment for the jewelleries. Police said the accused first came to see the jewellery at the shop but soon went out saying that he would return with his mother.He had also taken shop's telephone number before leaving.The conman then called the shop owner after some time and asked the owner that whether he could send his employees with him along with the ornaments so that his mother could see it at a nearby shop, where she was busy in shopping.The Kotwali police registered a complaint against the accused and investigation is on to nab him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14969894", "title": "Sluggish monsoon set to gain speed soon", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Monsoon seems to be playing hide and seek with the Tricity. According to the meteorological department, monsoon became a little sluggish last week but is likely to pick up in the coming days. However the present conditions are making residents wonder if the monsoon has actually reached the Tricity, as hot, humid days continue to make them perspire.\"In fact, in the last few days it did rain in the city but the intensity was quite low. Sometimes it happens that it rains heavily in adjoining areas like Morni and nearby hills and less here. Now the monsoon has started and it will pick up gradually in the coming days,\" said Surinder Pal, director of Chandigarh meteorological department. \"It'll rain very little in the next two-three days and then the showers will become heavier,\" he said.But the humidity is leaving the residents irked. \"We could not enjoy this weekend, as the weather conditions made one feel hot and sticky. I don't know where the monsoon has got lost,\" rued Shikha Datta, a resident of Sector 11.\"We thought it would rain heavily this weekend and we'll have some fun with our cousins in the rain but it didn't happen,\" said Vivek Khindriya, a resident of Sector 2, Panchkula. The minimum temperature on Sunday was 26.8 degrees Celsius, while maximum temperature was 33.3 degrees celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14972602", "title": "AI tickets from agents to get costly from today", "text": "CHENNAI: Flying by Air India is going to be expensive from July 16, if you are buying your tickets from travel agents. Passengers will have to pay 225 to 325 for domestic and 775 to 3,250 more for international tickets as transaction fee which the airline has asked travel agents to collect from passengers to avoid paying commission to agents.A section of travel agents - IATA Agents Association of India (IAAI) - has come out in protest against the new policy. \"We have not been charging any fee from passengers because airlines used to pay commission to us for every ticket sold. Now, AI wants to scrap the commission and wants us to charge passengers,\" said IAAI general secretary V L Jaghannathan.DGCA has declared transaction fee as illegal in an order issued on March 2010. But airlines in India are pushing for transaction fee following the policy adopted by foreign airlines. Airlines across the world are moving to a zero commission policy for travel agents. But India is not ready for it yet, says travel agents. \"In India travel agents book 85% of Air India's tickets. Agents are still relevant because passengers prefer our guidance to book tickets, apply for visa and other formalities,\" he said.The national carrier seems to have taken into confidence two other travel agents associations, Travel Agents Association of India and Travel Agents Federation of India, to implement the new fee policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14983912", "title": "Undertake Amarnath yatra after thorough medical check up: SASB", "text": "SRINAGAR: Alarmed over the rising number of deaths of Amarnath pilgrims en-route the cave shrine, Shri Amarnath Shrine Board (SASB) on Sunday appealed to devotees to follow the health advisory issued by it and undertake the pilgrimage only after a thorough medical check up.The SASB issued the appeal on the instructions of Jammu and Kashmir Governor N N Vohra, who is also the chairman of the board, after a review meeting held yesterday, an official spokesman said on Sunday.SASB appealed to the pilgrims to follow the health advisories and to arrive for the yatra only after a thorough medical check up along with a genuine health certificate, the spokesman said.The meeting decided to depute a high-level team, including health minister Sham Lal Sharma, director general of Police K Rajendra and CEO of the board N K Chaudhary to visit the base camps at Baltal and Pahalgam on Monday for a fresh appraisal of issues relating to medical care, he said.The high number of deaths during this year's yatra has caused worry among SASB authorities as a large number of pilgrims do not follow the advisory issued by the board.Although a record high 105 deaths took place last year, the number this year is likely to surpass that figure if the current trend of deaths due to heart attack continues.The Governor was informed that during the first 19 days of the Yatra, 4.45 lakh pilgrims had performed darshan, travelling along both the Chandanwari and Baltal routes.From the four-times-a-day reports received from the directors of the Nunwan, Chandanwari, Sheshnag, Panjtarni, Baltal, Sangam and Holy Shrine Camps, it was observed that the day-to-day management of the Camps has been proceeding smoothly, the spokesman said.Chaudhury informed the meeting that 74 people were killed up to July 13 evening, which included six deaths due to accidents while 68 deaths were due to different medical reasons.Of the 74 deceased, 53 were in the age group of 20 to 60 years, 16 in the 61 years to 70 years age group and three were above 70 years of age. In two cases, the age of the deceased could not be ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14966858", "title": "Not a hassle free ride to get your passport", "text": "COIMBATORE: The very purpose of the centre's e-governance initiative to speed up the process of issuing passports through passport seva kendras (PSKs) set up across the country seems defeated as applicants continue to face hassles.In August 2011, the government set up a PSK in Coimbatore, hoping to efficiently issue passports to resident applicants. However, acquiring a passport still seems a difficult proposition. To begin with, applicants say that it is very difficult to get an online appointment. Consequently, many prefer to pay a little more and have an agent arrange for an appointment.The PSK in the city services the districts of Coimbatore, Tirupur, Nilgiris, Erode, Salem and Namakkal. GT Dilip, a resident of Udumalpet said it took him close to six weeks to get an appointment. \"I had to wait forever to get my appointment. When the new system is supposed to reduce delays and smoothen the process, it has not helped me in either way,\" he said.While Dilip was lucky to get an appointment after a long wait and much effort, P Vasanth, who came all the way from Salem to produce his documents at the PSK, had to spent extra money to hire a private agent to book his appointment. \"I tried for days together to get an appointment after registering required details online, but in vain. When all efforts failed, I went to a private agency near the PSK for help, and they helped me get an appointment in less than two weeks. However, I had to shell out Rs 500 for the agent,\" he said.K Prem from Gobichettipalayam didn't waste time trying to get an appointment online. He did not hesitate to pay Rs 1,000 to an agent to fix his appointment. \"I didn't want to waste time filling in all the tedious details online, so I got an agent to take care of it. He was able to fix my appointment in less than a week,\" he said.\"I applied through Tatkal for my wife and myself. My wife got an appointment after 15 days, but I'm yet to get it. I had approached a private agent to get an appointment,\" said K Devraj, who had visited the city PSK along with his wife from Ooty. He said things would improve if PSKs are opened in each district.Regional passport officer S Sasikumar said that applications would be processed and passports issued in a timely manner if all necessary documents are submitted and police verification is done. However, often applicants fail to submit all documents or there is some delay in police verification. He said that if people have problems getting an appointment, the could always register their complaints with the PSK. However, a senior passport official revealed on condition of anonymity that there was an acute shortage of staff to process applications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14967755", "title": "8-coach Metro train by year-end in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you've been feeling crowded in the Delhi Metro offlate, here's some good news for you. The DMRC has started testing an eight coach train which will be inducted into the metro network soon. That's not all. Delhi Metro will also be converting its 37 six-coach trains on the HUDA city centre-Jehangirpuri line into eight-coach trains, and one Bombardier four-coach train into a six-coach train.31 four-coach trains of RS1 (which are Mitsubishi-Rotem-Mitsubishi electrical trains) on the Dwarka-Noida/Vaishali corridor will also be converted into eight-coach trains. Six four-coach trains on the Gurgaon line of RS1 will be converted into six coach trains.These additional coaches are scheduled to arrive from September onwards and the first eight-coach train is expected to be operational by the year end.According to DMRC officials, an eight-coach train has been assembled at the Khyber Pass Metro depot and various tests are currently being done on it. During non-revenue hours - night time - this train is also running from the Khyber Pass to the Najafgarh Metro depot and vice versa.\"Stringent 'type tests' are being done on this eight-coach train and various aspects of operations - signaling, safety, speed pick, jerking, breaking - are being checked. The tests are expected to continue for another 15 to 20 days,\" a DMRC spokesman said.A Metro official says the process of changing the number of coaches involves technical expertise for carrying out the integration and commissioning of activities. \"A team of 7-8 DMRC engineers and contractor engineers carry out several tests to make it ready for service,\" he added.The DMRC spokesperson added that Delhi Metro has already placed orders for procurement of 212 new coaches for conversion of six coach and four coach trains into eight coach trains. By the year 2015, all the trains operational on lines 2 (Jahangirpuri - HUDA City Centre) and 3/4 (Dwarka - NOIDA City Centre/Vaishali) will be either six coach or eight coach trains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14969323", "title": "Police get crucial clues from Tanwar's phone", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after Sector 23 resident Ajay Tanwar was found in an injured state from a secluded spot in Sector 28 of Panchkula, Chandigarh police have started scrutinizing the clues obtained from Tanwar's white car. The police had collected Tanwar's mobile phone, his wallet and a bag containing several documents from his car. He has been admitted in GMH-16.In his brief statement to a passerby in Panchkula, Tanwar, 37, had said he was intercepted by occupants of a Gypsy as three of them entered his car forcefully near the light point of sectors 19/27 on July 14. But, the preliminary tower location of his mobile does not show his presence near the light point of sectors 19/27 on July 14. The police also got access to two crucial messages in his cell phone. Tanwar is an employee with a leading textile manufacturer and looks after its operations in Punjab and J&amp;K.; Police found two slips of toll plazas of Lakhapur and Garhshankar and claimed Ajay had returned two days ago after spending around a month in J&amp;K.;Tanwar had left his residence around 11.30am on Saturday after talking to his employer. His elder brother Amit lodged a missing complaint at police post, Sector 22 around 3.30pm. Amit's alertness in filing a missing report is also being investigated considering the mysterious recovery of Ajay in injured state. SHO of PS 26 Anokh Singh said, \"Tower location of Tanwar's phone indicates he was not present near Sector 27 on July 14. It is also difficult to believe that a car driving person was kidnapped by Gypsy occupants in broad daylight at a busy light point.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14989772", "title": "Olympics ring a fitness bell", "text": "Ahead of the world's biggest sporting event, there's a spurt of interest in health regimes.You may not be blessed with a sculpted body like the Greek heroes of the Olympics but with hardly two weeks to go before the biggest sporting event in London , it's more than just watching top-notch athletes fighting it out for the laurels. Fitness enthusiasts feel this is a good time to shed lethargy and work towards good health. Says actor and fitness freak Tota Roychoudhury, \"We should keep the five rings of the Olympics on mind to keep fit. The first ring signifies getting involved in any activity. Get out of the cab a little ahead of your office and walk the rest of the way. Take the stairs instead of the elevator and things like that. Secondly, start the Olympic way of eating with a healthy breakfast of fruit and eggs and avoid starch in the evening. Drink at least 12 glasses of water daily.\" He also adds that sleeping is necessary to stay fit and at least seven hours of shut eye is mandatory. \"Last but not the least, recreation is very important to keep your mind at peace,\" he adds. The Olympics have given a much-needed impetus to people for getting rid of that tummy flab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14970569", "title": "Neonatal care poor in Tamil Nadu: Doctors", "text": "TRICHY: Tamil Nadu is still deprived of specialised neonatal doctors to treat newborn infants aged below 28 days, according to Dr M K C Nair, national president of the National Neonatal Forum (NNF).Speaking at the two-day annual convention of NNF, Tamil Nadu state chapter here on Sunday, he said, \"As there is no subject about paediatrics in the MBBS syllabus so far, students of medicine do not have the knowledge as to how to treat newborn babies.He said newborns aged from one day to one week are more prone to mortality. \"Term, premature and low weight babies are more vulnerable to mortality. The growth retardation would cause low weight. It occurs mainly due to lack of oxygen, glucose and infection. Earlier, doctors conceived that newborns are susceptible to infection from the mother. Later, it was determined that unhygienic conditions in the hospital may also lead to infection. Therefore, blood circulation to the brain will be affected and causes death. Moreover, the three factors oxygen, glucose and infection would cause hindrance to growth of the children,\" Nair added.Hence, they decided to put forth a demand to set up neonatal intensive care units (NICU) in all medical colleges and hospitals. \"An NICU should be equipped with required facilities and trained professionals such as neonatologists, nurses and pharmacists to provide critical care treatment to newborns Likewise, the newborn care centres also (NBCC) must be set-up in all primary health centres,\" he said.Dr J Kumutha, secretary of NNF, Tamil Nadu chapter said, \"Neonatal infant mortality rate (babies aged less than 28 days) is 24 per 1,000 and the infant mortality rate (below one year) was 17 per 1,000. We are taking steps to bring down the mortality rate further. At present, there are 42 NICUs in Tamil Nadu. In addition to that, another 20 NICUs would come up in the next two years. Moreover, there are six neonatal dedicated ambulances equipped with some important facilities to serve the needy infants round-the-clock and another 20 such ambulances would be stationed in all districts the state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14972563", "title": "Classical, folk traditions delight Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: SPIC MACAY organized a three-day state convention in the city from July 13 to 15. On Sunday, the climax of the convention was marked by an exquisite performance by Manju Mehta, noted sitarist and the founder of Saptak. Mehta played the rare raga Gurjaritodi which charged the venue with its devotional flourish. Mehta said, \"It was indeed a pleasure to play this ecstasy-invoking melody in front of an appreciative audience. We fully support the cause to promote classical music.\"Mehta's was the last performance at the convention which began with the recital of eminent violin artiste Dr N Rajam. She played raga Malhar to celebrate the season of rains. She followed it up with the bhajan \"Vashinav Jan To\".On the second day of the programme, Ustad Wasimuddin Dagar, a Dhrupad vocalist, performed raga Yaman and raga Shankara. And a folk-tradition performance, Asanjo Kutch, by the Soorvani group - which included six compositions - evoked the rousing heritage of regional music.During the convention, various intensive training workshops including that of Kathak by Ishira Parikh and Khadi workshop by Paresh Patel were organized. They were attended by about 50 to 60 students.Shushma Jacob from SPIC MACAY said that besides music performances, the convention helped to create a common platform for organizational discussions to analyze plans to promote classical music. The programme also featured talks and screening of films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "14969755", "title": "Chavakkad police to launch 'card' initiative for women", "text": "THRISSUR: Chavakkad police are all set to launch a new initiative to curb domestic violence cases.A new project titled 'complaint card system' will see policemen distributing postcards to all women in the locality. Women can write their grievances, post it back to the police and it will be accepted as a complaint.The Chavakkad police will give high priority to the complaints received through this system. The complaint card system will be launched by the end of July.Chavakkad CI Sudersan K told TOI that the initiative will ensure the safety of women, especially in coastal areas. \"Women from coastal areas are often the victims of domestic violence as they solely depend on their husbands for a living. They don't even know whether they can share their grievances or complaints. Even if they can, with whom and how, so we hope the card system will be a helping hand for them,\" said the officer.This system was mooted after authorities noticed the increasing cases of domestic violence and cruelties against women in coastal areas. \"We know that the rate of domestic violence is increasing. Since no case has been registered yet, there is no statistical data,\" he said.\"The complainants can send the card to any police station under Chavakkad circle or they can send it to any senior police officer. All that the person has to do is to write a complaint on the card and send it to any police station. We will forward the complaint to the officer concerned by courier and the complainant's identity will not be disclosed,\" Sudersan said.District police chief (Thrissur Rural) P H Ashraf welcomed the complaint card system and said the new system will surely reduce atrocities against women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14970032", "title": "Gautama Buddha 'rejoins' Guruvayurappan College", "text": "KOZHIKODE: It was a cherished moment for alumni of Zamorin's Guruvayurappan College who gathered on the campus on Sunday morning to witness the unveiling of the new Buddha statue under the Bodhi tree.Sculpted by Velur Johnson, the statue was unveiled by chief secretary K Jayakumar. The circular seating area around the tree has also been renovated. The construction carried out by K C Bibin and the total project cost was around Rs 5 lakh.The old statue was vandalized during a scuffle between students on the campus. Following the strong protest from the part of students on campus, the college had expelled two students. Police has also registered a case in connection with it. Members of Old Students' Association of the college had organized a meeting to express their protest against the destruction of the statue.Following the wide campaign through social networking media for the reinstallation of statue on campus, students' association took up the responsibility of reinstate the statue and launched Project Bodhi Tree.Social activist and former teacher of the college prof Shobeendran said under the third phase of the project an amphitheatre would be set up on the basement of the tree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14976573", "title": "Takht Patna Board election held amid SAD members' walkout", "text": "JALANDHAR: Two respected names in academic circles of Bihar were elected as president and general secretary of Takht Patna Sahib Management Board on Sunday evening. Mohinder Singh Chhabra was elected as secretary.Five members owing allegiance to Shiromani Akali Dal stayed away from the meeting of 15-member board.R S Gandhi, former professor of chemistry at the Patna University and currently chief coordinator of Nalanda Open University, Patna, was elected president, while Charanjit Singh, who retired at a senior post in Reserve Bank of India and is currently executive director of SEBI, was elected general secretary. Both are residents of Patna.All the office-bearers were elected unanimously after a walkout by four members of SAD. Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC) president Avtar Singh Makkar, stayed away from the meeting even though he was present in Patna.The election meeting was held despite attempts by SAD leaders to scuttle it. Outgoing board president Mohinder Singh Romana, of SAD(B), had sent a telegram to the office of Takht board on Saturday for \"cancelling\" the meeting and claimed that it was called by senior vice-president Mohinder Singh Chhabra in violation of the byelaws of the Act governing the Takht Patna Sahib Board. \"I was not consulted for the meeting as mandated by the rules,\" he told TOI on Sunday.When asked about Romana's communique, Chhabra, who called the meeting, said it had been done by giving an advance notice of 21 days -- as provided by the byelaws of election. Romana was abroad and he had given in writing that in his absence senior vice-president would function as president, he added. \"Romana never objected to the meeting when it was called but after it became clear that SAD failed to muster strength to retain control of the management board, he sent the communique on Saturday,\" he said over phone from Patna Sahib.Inquiries revealed that the Badals had even dispatched party general secretary Prem Singh Chandumajra for managing the election to retain the control of board management, or at least to have a share in its affairs. It is learnt that Chandumajra spoke to Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee (DSGMC) president Paramjit Singh Sarna, but it didn't help matters.SAD leaders' efforts to get at least another member on their side failed after the chief Khalsa Diwan's endeavour to replace its earlier nominee Jaspal Singh with Bhupinder Singh Anand failed. The district judge, Patna, refused to entertain any such change since Jaspal Singh had earlier attended the meeting of the new board on June 17, which was held for the election of 15{+t}{+h} member (14 were already there). Senior BJP leader S S Ahluwalia had lost this election to Harvinder Singh Sarna, former DSGMC member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14975553", "title": "Role of libraries in academics", "text": "Stressing on the role that libraries and library-sources can play in fostering academic and research excellence in the Indian universities, a seminar was organised by the Information &amp; Library Network Centre (INFLIBNET), an Inter-University Centre (IUC) under the University Grants Commission, India. \"Traditionally, libraries and library sources have been important but have been invisible globally. The role of libraries in a technology-driven world has changed. Technology has brought about a revolution in terms of sharing resources and we must make use of it for the benefit of students and faculty,\" says Jagdish Arora, director, Information and Library Network Centre, an autonomous inter-university centre of UGC.In India, universities, which have funds, update their libraries through e-books , online journals, etc. What about universities which do not have funds? \"The UGC infonet digital library consortium provides access to 7,500 journals in about 200 universities , which are funded by UGC. The universities that run all kinds of programmes, get access to all journals. We follow a model that allows us to get access to quality material that can be given out to the membercolleges . We have opened another gate for universities, not part of the forum. They can get their own subscriptions at the rate the other 200 universities pay and access quality material for five years. We are giving them access to the market, which they cannot afford,\" says Arora.Talking about the challenges that are faced by Indian universities, Arora says that infrastructure is the biggest hurdle. \"We can give universities cables but how they use it, is up to them. Connectivity is something we have to work on harder.\"Paula Kaufman, dean of libraries and university librarian, University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign says that there is a need to look at a sustainable model for the growth of a library that will be beneficial to users.\"The value of a library is different from one institution to the other. It is a challenge to get funds to upgrade the library and the resources within but unless we do that, we cannot measure the impact the library resources are creating for the users.\"\"The model that we follow, measures things such as growth of e-books , cost per-use , etc. This allows us to keep track of what resources are being used and what resources are needed and what aren't . Use of resources in our university is not just restricted to students coming to the library physically and reading. With technology, students access material from outside the campus through the internet. This is a positive development because it has changed the way we offer library services,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14969059", "title": "Finally, HUDA wakes up, plans new bodies to preserve rainwater", "text": "GURGAON: With the groundwater table receding drastically in Gurgaon, the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has decided on an ambitious plan to develop new water bodies in the Aravali range.The spadework for locating the coordinates of the new water bodies has been done with the help of hi-tech Global Position System (GPS) mapping. \"The GPS mapping was especially done to study the places near the Aravali range, where during the monsoon, water gets collected naturally in and around Gurgaon,\" said HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar.He also disclosed that through GPS mapping, 17 locations have been identified near Gurgaon, which have the potential to be developed into water bodies. \"Most of these locations are on the southern fringe of the Aravali range, where rainwater is collected and stays for a long time. This makes it suitable for developing water bodies,\" said Kumar.Before finalizing the locations, the archives of images of water bodies in the Aravalis were studied. \"This helped in selecting the best location, where the size of the water bodies is bigger and would help in replenishing the water table of the city,\" Kumar said.HUDA officials started working on identifying the places since last year. \"The main idea is to bolster the water table through developing water bodies in the region. HUDA is also planning to develop rainwater harvesting structure in colonies,\" he said. HUDA has sent a proposal to the state government to develop water bodies, and is waiting for its final clearance.Kumar said that the work on building embankments will begin as soon as the clearance is obtained from the government. In a recent meeting of the district administration, the HUDA administrator presented the proposal.Meanwhile, the district administration is working out a strategy to improve the condition of water bodies in the region.As per the data collected from different departments, it was found that the district has over 90 traditional water bodies. Many of them, according to the district administration officials, need to be attended to urgently, to avoid their becoming relics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14970358", "title": "Marathi literary meet to be held in Chiplun", "text": "PUNE: Konkan will hold the prestigious Akhil Bhartiya Marathi Sahitya Sammelan after a gap of 22 years with the event slated to be held at Chiplun in Ratnagiri district from January 11 to 13. The Vishwa Marathi Sammelan, the global event, will be held at Toronto (Canada) next month.Usha Tambe, chairperson of the Marathi Sahitya Mahamandal, announced the schedule and venue of the two events on Sunday. The Marathi literary meet predominantly discusses literature, trends and challenges of modern communication channels. The Chiplun meet would also focus on painters and cartoonists besides its traditional schedule of discussions and poetry recitation.The state government gives Rs 25 lakh in aid to the organizers every year. Prakash Deshpande, a member of the organizing committee, said the help is not enough. \"A three-day meet costs up to Rs three crore, of which Rs 25 lakh comes from the state government. The rest has to be raised from public funds and sponsorship. The task is not easy,\" he said.The Vishwa Marathi Sammelan will be held at Toronto between August 31 and September 2. Tambe said, \"It is the fourth such global meet for Marathi people. Toronto-based Marathi Bhashak Mandal will host the event under the chairmanship of noted poet N D Mahanor.\" A group of 22 poets and authors will be a part of the event. Some of the prominent personalities include Vasant Abaji Dahake, current chairman of Akhil Bhartiya Sahitya Sammelan, Achyut Godbole, Anand Nadkarni, Ramdas Futane and Guru Thakur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14967530", "title": "Building Penalisation Scheme backlog applications to be cleared in 3 months", "text": "HYDERABAD: Property-owners whose Building Penalisation Scheme (BPS) applications are pending with the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) and Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) can get the same cleared now. The municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department has on Fridayissued a memo to GHMC, HMDA and other municipalities in the state giving them three months time to clear pending applications. This move is expected to benefit about 40,000 applicants.Officials said that the processing of BPS applications was stopped on December 31, 2010 due to which over 27,000 applications with GHMC were put on hold along with another 10,000 which HMDA had received.A bulk of the pending BPS applications are in the East Zone in circles like LB Nagar, Kapra and Uppal with about 6,600 applications followed by North Zone circles of Secunderabad, Malkajgiri, Alwal and Qutbullapur where nearly 5,600 applications are awaiting clearance.The rest of the pending applications are for Central Zone areas like Khairatabad, Abids, Himayathnagar, West Zone areas like Serilingampally, Kukatpally, Gachibowli and South Zone areas, Old City and Malakpet included.Officials said that most applicants have either made partial payments on their penalty amounts or are those who are yet to submit documents like structural stability certificate and urban land ceiling clearance which are required for final approval. Over 2,000 high-rise building applications require a No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the fire services department.Civic officials would be cautious about clearing applications for circles like Kukatpally and LB Nagar where there are allegations of fake BPS proceedings having been opened by builders of illegal constructions and owners who constructed additional floors after applying for regularisation. After these irregularities came to light, revalidation of demand drafts and verification of applications was done by the town-planning wing.Official sources said that while some circles have been checked, verification for the rest would be done using Google maps of 2007 to check the status of the building at the time. The BPS is applicable to those unauthorised structures which were constructed before December, 2007.When contacted, MA&UD; joint director S Devender Reddy said that the memo which gives three months for clearance of pending BPS applications had been issued upon request by some civic bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14971917", "title": "Brawl on Vietnam ship near Sagar, one critically injured", "text": "KOLKATA: There was brawl a mutiny on board the MV Ahn Son, a Vietnamese vessel anchored at Sagar Island in the Bay of Bengal , on Saturday evening with junior officers and other members of the crew refusing to sail out of Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) territory with a damaged rudder. Chief engineer Bui Van Ba was allegedly attacked by a junior officer and received serious head injuries. He was rushed to a private hospital in Kolkata where he has been admitted to the intensive care unit. Captain Nguyen Linh is also at the hospital to take care of formalities.The incident has sparked off a major diplomatic row with officials from the Vietnamese embassy getting in touch with the Indian ministry of external affairs. The police in South 24-Parganas are waiting for an FIR to be lodged so that they can register a case against the junior officer and crew members who attacked the chief engineer.TOI was the first to report that the ship was stranded with a damaged rudder near the mouth of the Hooghly.It was on June 27 that KoPT officials first received information that a ship with a damaged rudder was stranded near the Sandheads. Efforts were made to get in touch with the owners in Vietnam. The owners claimed that they were bankrupt and refused to take any responsibility of the ship.Even the original shipping agent refused to take any responsibility. KoPT officials then directed the ship to move to some other port as it would be a risk to allow it to enter the long navigation channel. On July 3, however, the port's radars picked up the vessel within the KoPT's jurisdiction. The latter After the captain said that he was unable to steer properly, a Coast Guard vessel was dispatched to the spot to stop it and maintain vigil. The port management then got in touch with the P&I; Club, urging it to take responsibility for any damage that the ship may cause if it was allowed to unload its cargo of logs within the KoPT's limits.After much legal wrangling, the P&I; Club agreed to take responsibility and KoPT allowed the ship to anchor at Sagar on and unload cargo. The condition was that the ship would have to leave within 24 hours of the cargo being unloaded.\"The unloading will be completed by Tuesday. Trouble was already brewing on board with crew members not agreeing to go to sea without repairing the steering gear. The closest port is Chittagong but the crew doesn't feel secure to travel the distance.Though a tug would be towing the ship, there is always the risk of the tow-line getting torn sometime during the voyage. On Saturday, there was a major uprising when the captain ordered that the ship would be sailing out as soon as unloading operations are over,\" a source revealed.While a section of mariners felt that it is unreasonable of KoPT to put the lives of 15 sailors at risk by sending them out to sea in a stricken vessel, the KoPT said that its rules don't allow a damaged ship to enter the port limits. \"What if the ship runs aground in the navigation channel? All shipping will get affected and trade and commerce will be badly hit. It would get more critical if the ship's tanks were to rupture, resulting in spillage. The cost would be immense. We got in touch with the Directorate General of Shipping and were asked not to allow the ship to enter either the Haldia or Kolkata ports unless an agency agreed to take full responsibility for any damage,\" Manish Jain, chairman-in-charge, KoPT said.\"The ship may have a damaged rudder but it is fit enough to sail. The tug is ready to take it to another port. It is a new ship, built in 2009. While coming to Sagar, it sailed at a good speed. We suspect that some agencies are trying to stall the sailing of the ship for their own benefits. Even if the chief engineer is injured, there are others who can sail the ship,\" said A K Bagchi, director, marine, KoPT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "14972229", "title": "Daltonganj airstrip faces bottlenecks", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Location of private land close to the airstrip located at Chiyanki on NH-75, barely 3 km from Daltonganj town, has made it difficult for authorities to make it operational.This came to light on Saturday during an inspection of the airstrip by IG (operations) CRPF D K Pandey and other officers who were informed by locals of their possessing land close to the airstrip. They also claimed that they have rent receipts for the same.Vicinity of airstrip should be clear of human habitation.High-rise buildings, towers, tall tree, slaughter houses etc are not permitted near an airstrip for safety and security reasons. The airstrip at Chiyanki is only suitable for choppers to land and take off. No plane is allowed to land here. The IG said, \"I am surprised how anybody can claim of having land in his name in close proximity of the airstrip. The commandant of 134 battalion of CRPF based here will ascertain the truth.\"However, a district administration official hinted that at people having land at places like this (near an airstrip) in blatant violation of norms. The official did not deny that some people may own land in close proximity of the Chiyanki airstrip, too.Sources said the CRPF wants this airstrip to be made more operational instead of once a month as has been done currently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14969903", "title": "Showers lead to spurt in viral fever cases in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A number of children with viral fever are reporting to city hospitals these days. The initial symptoms are high fever with running nose and sore throat. Microbiologists say viral infections are caused due to high humidity which increases transmission of viruses. In fact, fungi and virus content in the air decreases when it rains and only when the rain ceases and temperature soars, does the transmission gets higher.\"After the rains, it gets very messy. And unhygienic surroundings contribute to the spread of many diseases,\" said Dr Aman Aggarwal, a city- based physician.Stomach infections and typhoid cases are also being seen these days. \"However what is generally taken casually is a viral infection. In fact parents should not give antibiotics to children suffering from viral infection, as these are only meant for bacterial infection,\" said Dr R S Bedi, a paediatrician. In addition to viral infections and flu, those prone to upper respiratory tract infections including asthma and bronchitis are also being reported in city hospitals. \"Rhino and adeno viruses are common during monsoon, triggering respiratory infection. One must drink sufficient water and have fresh fruits and seasonal vegetables,\" said Dr Aggarwal.Doctors advise parents to let the children take rest for a week when they have viral fever. \"As the rate of infection is high and transmits via droplets (sneeze, cough), it is recommended to stay indoors. The fever subsides with rest in three to five days,\" said Dr Bedi.It is high temperature and humidity that help micro-organisms to germinate and rainfall decreases the content of these pathogens on the surface.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14972597", "title": "Gujarat's surrogate mother wants to marry her rapist, withdraw complaint", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There is another twist to the surrogate woman rape case. The rape-victim had called up city crime branch officials to say that she wants to marry her rapist, Rajkumar Jadav, and withdraw her earlier complaint.Crime branch officials have asked the woman to submit a written application in this regard; despite repeated summons issued by crime branch officials, the complainant has not turned up before the police to record her statement. She was in the civil hospital for medical inspection for two days before being released recently.On last Wednesday, a 30-year-old pregnant surrogate woman had approached the Mahila police station and registered a complaint against Rajkumar, a Nadiad resident who is the son of a constable. According to the woman, a resident of Ahmedabad, Rajkumar abducted her and raped her at his home in Nadiad. The woman also claimed that she had earlier been hired to bear him a child. Police investigation revealed that Rajkumar is not married while the complainant is a divorcee.Joint commissioner of police, crime branch, AK Sharma said, \"Even if she withdraws her complaint, several aspects have to be investigated. For instance we have to probe if her first baby was the result of surrogacy, how the baby reached a childless couple in Mumbai and whether the child was sold for money.\"Crime branch officials have also sought the baby's birth registration details from the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC). \"According to the victim, her first surrogate baby was born in a city hospital in 2011. There should be a birth record for this. We want to check these entries in the municipal records to ascertain whether it was a surrogate baby and if not who was the father in official documents,\" said a crime branch official.According to the rape-victim she is now pregnant with a second surrogate baby for a childless couple. The doctor who acted as the intermediary between her and the couple, Dr Bharat Atit, has confirmed before the crime branch that the second pregnancy is for a surrogate baby. Crime branch officials have now sought for all records concerning this surrogacy. \"We have also asked the doctor to submit the contract that validates this surrogacy. We are also probing whether Dr Atit had any role to play in the woman's first surrogate baby,\" said crime branch officials.Assistant police commissioner, crime branch, Mayur Chavda, said, \"We need to question the rape victim and Rajkumar to know who they sold the first baby to. The victim woman has claimed that Rajkumar is now with her. We have asked her to report to the crime branch office with Rajkumar. We want to know where the first baby is now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14972792", "title": "Man jumps in Cooum, dies", "text": "CHENNAI: A 30-year-old labourer, who was undergoing a de-addiction treatment, committed suicide by jumping in the Cooum river on Sunday.Efforts are on to recover his body. Police said Das of Varadarajapuram, Egmore was working as a loadman in a travel agency. Since he was an alcoholic he had been admitted to a de-addicaiton centre.On Sunday morning he left home telling his wife Pushpa that he was going for a walk. A little later she was informed that her husband jumped in the Cooum after injuring himself with glass bottles. Das has four children.Egmore fire personnel are trying to fish out the body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14970242", "title": "Essay contest to mark Tigers' Day", "text": "MANGALORE: As part of International Tigers' Day celebrations, Pilikula Biological Park (PBP) has invited essays on the theme 'Tiger conservation - Importance and methods of its implementation'. The competition is for the students of colleges, high schools and higher primary schools under different categories.The essays, either in English or in Kannada, should not exceed three pages and should be submitted to: The PBP director, Moodushedde, Vamanjoor, Mangalore-8, by July 23.The name, address and phone number of the participants, and the name of their schools, should be mentioned in a separate page. A panel of judges will select 15 participants under each category. A quiz competition will also be conducted for selected participants at PBP 10 am on July 29. First and second prize winners in each category will be provided with a free entry pass to PBP for one year in addition to a prize and a certificate. PBP director H J Bhandary said all the participants will receive a certificate and will also be briefed about tigers by resource persons. Lunch will be provided to all participants. For details, call 0824-2263300.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14978520", "title": "Central Board of Secondary Education plans flexible assessment", "text": "CBSE has planned to discontinue the publication of blue prints and marking schemes in all major subjects (classes IX-X ) from the Summative Assessment-II of this academic session. Vishakha Sharma reportsThe Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) that used to issue blue prints, sample question papers and marking schemes in all major subjects for classes IX and X to provide a model template to serve as a guide for entailing uniformity in assessment, proper coverage of the curricula and validity (and therefore reliability) of assessment has decided to put an end to this practice.According to Vineet Joshi, chairman , CBSE, the board decided to discontinue with this process after noticing that a large section of students and examiners punctiliously follow these documents, which results in precluding open-ended approach and diversity in expression, style and content. The blue print further micro-categorises items into difficult , average and easy with specific allotment of marks to each category , which again limits the framing of a particular type of question from a particular topic/chapter. Moreover, the release of blue prints and the sample question papers indirectly promotes teaching to the test.\"In order to address the above issues and to further discourage the practice of 'teaching to the test,' the board has decided to discontinue the practice of providing blue print, sample question papers and marking schemes in classes IX and X with effect from Summative Assessment-II (SA-II ) of 2012-13 ,\" says Joshi.The weightings in the revised format will be assigned to entire units as mentioned in the curriculum as an alternative of chapter wise weighting given earlier. There will be a more flexible design or structure of assessment instead of a detailed blue print, which used to divide the curriculum into exceedingly narrower parts. The SA-II , which will be held in March 2013, will not be based on blue prints and sample questions papers and will rather follow a more comprehensive structure of examination and flexible patterns.The structure of examination along with unit wise weighting for English, Hindi, Sanskrit, mathematics , science and social science together with pools of exemplar items will be shortly available on the academic websites of CBSE (www.cbseacademic .in) and will also be circulated to all the schools affiliated to the board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "gurdev nagar", "code": "14969136", "title": "'There's no comparison with gym workout'", "text": "GURDEV NAGAR: A few empty coconut shells lie stowed under a gazebo, as other few fresh fruit wait nearby to be polished off.Sangeeta Jain, a fashionable homemaker wife of a steel industrialist, clears the beads of sweat from her forehead with a towel and drills a tiny hole into the tropical fruit.The beverage is quaffed in no time and the 47-year-old looks revved up for some action. \"Are we all set for pranayam?\" asks her yoga instructor Jassi Oberoi, beckoning her. There is a lot of self-assurance in Sangeeta's gait as she walks in her blackAeropostale tee and Hollister pants towards the lawn.Sudden bouts of throbbing migraine had made Sangeeta warm up to yoga some four years ago. Ever since, she hasn't let her workout regimen be affected by anything. \"... Five days a week without fail. (There's) no comparison with the workout at gym,\" she declares happily, clear about her preference for the traditional naturopathy.In an instant, the duo gets down to some serious yoga workout.The trainer has chosen Akarna Dhanurasana, or bow pose, for Sangeeta. In this asana, the body is stretched more like a string of bow when pulled at the time of archery. The pose is known to conquer headaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14967752", "title": "Protests on land acquisition to hit Ghat ki Guni project deadline", "text": "JAIPUR: The work on the Ghat ki Guni tunnel project has hit another roadblock, this time, in the form of protests by residents on acquisition of land for widening of the road from Jawahar Nagar end to the tunnel.The project on the Jaipur-Agra national highway has already missed its June deadline. Now, officials fear the protests could further push the August 15 deadline.Residents along with public representatives launched a strong protest on Sunday against the 200-feet road widening plan that would require the authorities to acquire land.\"We are trying to convince the house owners. The tunnel can be opened to public only after the roads are widened,\" said a senior JDA official.Sanjeev Jain, executive engineer, JDA said, \"We had decided to open the tunnel from August 15, however, now it would take time.\" \"The tunnel can be opened even if the slip lanes are not widened for the time being as the 7-metre road is wide enough for the traffic flow,\" he claimed.The JDA has drawn a systematic blueprint to avoid traffic congestion at the entry and exit of the tunnel. The officials claimed that even without constructing a junction and installing a signal system, the traffic can be managed smoothly.An official said, \"For traffic coming from MI Road to Agra Road through the tunnel, a different plan is being prepared for heavy vehicles, light motor vehicles and two wheelers.\"Agra-bound LMVs and two-wheelers from MI road can directly reach the tunnel entrance by using the slip lanes under the Transport Nagar flyover. However, heavy vehicles will not be allowed to move directly to the tunnel entrance through the slip lanes. \"To avoid congestion, heavy traffic will be diverted towards Delhi.The JDA will also construct a rotary at the Jawahar Nagar bypass for swift entry and exit of the traffic coming from MI road and NH- 8. An official said, \"Heavy vehicles from Agra road will be allowed to head towards National Highway - 8 through the tunnel. These will not be allowed to turn towards Jawahar Nagar bypass.\"Similarly, a plan has been drawn for traffic coming from Agra road towards MI road using the tunnel. An official said the rotary at Agra road near Rajesh Motors will be constructed. Kota and Ajmer-bound traffic will be diverted from Goanir junction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "14971048", "title": "Region digest Man's murder: Wife, paramour arrested", "text": "AKOLA: Police arrested Pushpa Ingalkar and her paramour Masood Ahmed in connection with Diwakar Ingalkar's murder case on Saturday. Diwakar, husband of Pushpa, as killed some days ago at Madhapuri diversion on NH6 near here. Pushpa and Masood were remanded to police custody till July 24.The incident had taken place when Pushpa and Diwakar were going to Madhya Pradesh in a car driven by Masood. Diwakar was murdered with a sharp-edged weapon. Then Pushpa had created a scene of dacoity saying that her husband was killed by dacoits, who looted her belongings a well.However, the records of mobile conversations between Pushpa and her paramour Masood gave a clue to the police that Pushpa and Masood had killed Diwakar, who was an obstacle in their love affairInvestigation is on and offences have been registered.Infant found deadAn infant of around 15 days was found dead wrapped in a cloth near parcel office of central bus stand here on Saturday, police said. Some injury marks were found on the boy's neck. Police have started a search of his mother. The body has been sent to hospital for post-mortem.Two die of gastroWardha: Two people have died and 65 are suffering from gastroenteritis disease in Arvi since Thursday. Janaki Walvansh died on Saturday morning in a private hospital while Raju Upadhyay (45) died in the evening. He was admitted to the government hospital but he had left the hospital and gone to Chandrapur for some work. But he died on the way to Chandrapur. All the 65 people who are suffering from gastro had drunk water of a well which was contaminated.Additional superintendent of the government hospital in Arvi Dr Pravin Thakare visited the spot and confirmed the facts on July 13. Accordingly he informed the municipal council to supply drinking water through tankers but after the test this water too was found impure, informed assistant health officer Dr DM Rahate. District health officer could not be contacted.Woman farm worker electrocutedAmravati: A woman farm worker Mangala Hiwarale (30) was electrocuted when she came come in contact with a live electric wire which was left unattended in Malkhed village in Warud. Mangala was rushed to the nearby rural hospital but was declared brought dead. Shendurjanaghat police are investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14989098", "title": "Goa government to increase support price of milk to Rs 30 per litre", "text": "PANAJI: Goa is still a long way from boosting milk production in the state. The milk production in the state of Goa has been pegged at 2.1 lakh litres which is less than half of the requirement the state. 4.5 lakh litres of milk are consumed in the state everyday as per statistics from the animal husbandry department.To reverse this trend, the government has decided to introduce a new support price for milk at Rs 30 per litre to dairy farmers supplying milk to the diary society. The support price will be implemented from September 2012.Presently, the rate for raw cow milk from local Goan suppliers is Rs 25.21 per litre whereas processed pasteurised milk from suppliers from outside the state is Rs 24.25 per litre. The rate for raw buffalo milk from local Goan suppliers is Rs 28.23 per litre whereas processed pasteurised from outside Goa is Rs 31.80 per litre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14986726", "title": "Muppathu Vellikkasu most expensive Malayalam film", "text": "Johny Sagarika has produced the big budget film 'Muppathu Vellikkasu'. This is the most expensive movie made in Malayalam. The total budget of the film is about 35 crores.The film is based on Bible and shooting will start in Israel.Kurisan Varnasala is the director of the film. Jermi Jairus is doing the character of Jesus. He is a native of UAE. Lalu Alex and Raghavan are also ready to portray some very important characters in the film.Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14972460", "title": "Mining boom hits Goa's fields of gold", "text": "PANAJI: The increase in mining activity has had an adverse impact on Goa's agricultural production and has brought down the state's gross value of agricultural output by over 5,000 lakh in the last three years, a reply tabled at the ongoing assembly session stated.\"There has been a reduction in Goa's agricultural area due to opening of mining pits and siltation of water courses and water bodies, that has caused flooding. The mining has also led to reduction in recharge of underground water used for irrigation,\" states the reply by chief minister Manohar Parrikar , who is also the agriculture minister, to Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai's question.The response to Sardesai's question also states that mining has caused siltation of fields in lower areas and had led to dust deposition on crops of areas located near mining activity. \"There is damage to the soil structure due to the mining activity making it difficult for revival or restoration and there is diversion of underground water courses to the mining pit, affecting the water table,\" the reply stated. It also stated that there is mineral toxicity in the cultivated areas in the mining belt, reducing agricultural production.The document tabled in the Goa legislative assembly shows that the gross value of output at constant prices in agriculture has gone down from 57,738 lakh in 2008-09 to 53,873 lakh in 2009-10 and has reduced further to 52,191 lakh in 2010-11.The assembly reply also shows that prices of vegetables in Goa have shot up significantly since last year. French beans, which cost 31 a kilo in June 2011, cost 45 a kilo in June this year on an average. Carrots, which were priced at 27 per kilo in 2011, now cost 45 per kilo. The price of green chilly has shot up from 10 per kilo last year to 29 per kilo in 2012.Potatoes and tomatoes, which both cost 12 per kilo in June 2011, cost 16 and Rs 15 per kilo in Goa, respectively, this year. Price of a bunch of fresh coriander has nearly doubled from 7 to 12 this year. The price of beetroot has seen the highest increase from 9 per kilo on an average in 2011 to 25 a kilo on an average this year.Bitter gourd cost 25 a kilo on an average in Goa in 2012 as against 17 last year. The price of ridge gourd has gone up from 15 to 22.Lady fingers and onion are the only two vegetables which are available at a cheaper price this year as compared to 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14968042", "title": "Complaint against 7 for illegal construction in Mount Abu", "text": "JAIPUR: The district administration has filed complaints at the district court against seven persons, resort and private property owners, for allegedly undertaking illegal construction in Mount Abu.Rajasthan's only hill station, Mt Abu, falls under eco-sensitive zone and any construction in the town without permission from a monitoring committee is illegal. Violation of rule can lead to imprisonment up to five years and a fine of Rs 1 lakh, said officials.The authorities had turned a blind eye to several reports of illegal construction in the hill station for several years. According to officials, this is the first time when the administration is taking the legal route to check the practice.According to SDM Sirohi Vasudev Malavat, Mount Abu was declared an eco-sensitive zone in June 2009. \"As per rules, no construction could be carried out without prior permission from a monitoring committee headed by the divisional commissioner,\" said Malavat.The administration, he said, has received several complaints of illegal construction over the past few months following which a drive was launched.\"Teams verified the complaints by clicking photographs of these illegal constructions. Some resorts and other private properties were found violating the order,\" the official said.Those named in the complaint include Harish Purohit, Nathu Singh Todna, Rani Mahendra Kumari, Hemant Patil, Jayesh Chokse and Pankaj Dhaveri.A complaint under section 19 of the Environment Protection Act has been filed against these individuals. \"There is a provision of a maximum imprisonment of 5 years and Rs 1 lakh cash fine as punishment,\" said the officer.The accused have been involved in new construction on the pretext of renovating their properties, he said.As per the rules, only non-polluting, non-hazardous cottage industries like ice-cream, hosiery and embroidery are allowed. Quarrying and mining activities are restricted. There can be no felling of trees whether on forest, fovernment, revenue or private lands within the zone without the prior permission of the state government.Apart from Mount Abu municipal area, the nearby villages including Sanigaon, Machgaon, Goagaon, Delwara, Oriya, Jawal, Achalgarh, Salgaon, Torna, Dudhai, Hetamji and Arna have been included in the zone.\"These complaints have been filed over the past one month. We have identified some other buildings also which are carrying out illegal construction. Action will be taken against them as well,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14971157", "title": "Trauma ward opens at Karnataka Institute of Medical Sciences", "text": "HUBLI: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar on Sunday inaugurated trauma ward at Karnataka Institute of Medical Sciences (KIMS) Hospital and laid a foundation stone for an administrative building there.Speaking on the occasion, Shettar promised support for the overall development of KIMS so that it provides better services to the people of north Karnataka.\"Young doctors should serve people in rural areas. To ensure this, it will be made compulsory for fresh MBBS graduates from this year,\" he said.Medical education minister S A Ramdas said that the government has submitted a proposal to the central government seeking Rs 416 crore to develop KIMS.To help the poor get medicines at affordable cost, generic drug houses will be set up in each district of the state. With this, poor people can get a discount of 50-75% discount on medicines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14971308", "title": "Bigger role for Rahul Gandhi soon, Digvijaya Singh hints", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rahul Gandhi seems to have finally agreed to play a larger role in Congress affairs in what can resolve the uncertainty over the party's leadership in the lead-up to the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.This was indicated by Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh who said he was positive that Rahul would soon graduate in organizational affairs. \"Hopefully, Rahul will take a more proactive role by September,\" he told TOI, adding that he was talking about Rahul moving away from his current charge of youth outfits to the mainstream Congress.Congress sources confirmed that Rahul had agreed to expand his involvement and welcomed the development, saying it would relieve them of the anxiety about who could be leading them into the next elections.There are indications that Rahul may remain engaged with the organization, though there is no clarity yet on whether it would mean creation of a new post in the organization.What is clear is that even if Rahul does not become the top boss in AICC, his stepping up to the plate, and away from his current minor charge of youth outfits, would automatically project him for the prime ministership.Rahul's reluctance has dragged the leadership issue despite the fact that there is little doubt in any mind about who the heir-apparent is. His insistence to be allowed to move at his own pace had compounded the leadership conundrum in the party because a countdown of sorts has already been sounded for the Lok Sabha polls.While a third term for Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is ruled out, Sonia Gandhi's refusal to join the government and, lately, health issues have been nudging party managers to clinch the leadership issue ahead of the Lok Sabha polls. Clarity on Congress's mascot leading them into the elections would be welcome considering NDA is grappling with leadership issues which seem far more complicated to resolve in view of the competing claims from saffron GenNext.Talking to TOI, Singh reasoned that September would be the ideal window for Rahul's move up since the vice-president's election and the monsoon session of Parliament would be over by then. \"It (the change) would be best before the winter session,\" he said.The Congress general secretary said Rahul had complete backing, in fact urging, of the party ranks. \"The majority of Congress workers are waiting for a more proactive role from Rahul in Congress politics,\" he said.The indications are likely to heighten anticipation in Congress ranks in the coming days, given that the clamour for Rahul to take centre stage is already growing. Law minister Salman Khurshid's recent remarks that the \"party was in waiting time\" till Rahul took up a proactive leadership role was privately endorsed by many across party ranks.The young leader's move to the next level is set to shake up the Congress in style and substance even as it will defy the perception after the rout in UP polls that he would retreat into a shell and further delay his projection in a bigger role.The transition of sorts in Congress will come when the time has changed from favourable to challenging over the last three years since Rahul was hailed as a youth icon after the Lok Sabha triumph.While BJP-led NDA can be expected to change its target from Sonia to Rahul in a bid to unsettle him, Digvijay Singh said it did not matter. \"Any politician who fears being targeted is not worth being in politics. And Rahul Gandhi is not such a person,\" he said.All eyes will then be on how Rahul reconciles the central compulsions of Congress with its regional imperatives to revive the organization.The obvious challenge will be UP. Since the rout this year, Congress has moved closer to rivals Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party to bail out UPA, a move which seems to undercut Rahul's insistence that \"going it alone\" was the way forward in the heartland.West Bengal will be another challenge given Trinamool Congress's eagerness to break away from Congress, while he will be tested severely in coming assembly polls in Himachal Pradesh and Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14969497", "title": "Asteroids brought water to Earth?", "text": "WASHINGTON: Asteroids from the inner solar system may be the source of the majority of Earth's water, a new study has claimed, contradicting the belief that most of our planet's water originated in the outer solar system.The prevailing theories suggest that water was delivered on Earth from outer solar system by comets that coalesced beyond Jupiter's orbit, then migrated inward. \"Our results provide important new constraints for the origin of volatiles in the inner solar system, including the Earth,\" said lead researcher Conel Alexander of the Carnegie Institution of Washington.\"And they have important implications for the current models of the formation and orbital evolution of the planets and smaller objects in our solar system,\" Alexander said. For their study, published in the journal Science, the researchers analysed samples from 86 carbonaceous chondrites. The primitive meteorites are thought to be key sources of the early Earth's volatile elements like hydrogen and nitrogen.The team measured the abundance of different hydrogen, nitrogen and carbon isotopes in the chondrite samples. Isotopes are versions of an element that have different numbers of neutrons in their atomic nuclei. For example, the isotope deuterium - also known as \"heavy hydrogen\" - contains one neutron, while \"normal\" hydrogen has none.The amount of deuterium in celestial bodies' water ice sheds light on where the objects formed in the solar system's early days. In general, bodies that took shape farther from the sun have relatively higher concentrations of deuterium, the researchers said. The 86 chondrite samples' deuterium content - which the team gleaned from clays, the remnants of water ice - suggest the meteorites' parent bodies formed relatively close to Sun, perhaps in the main asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter.Comets, by contrast, have higher deuterium ratios. As a result, experts think most of them were born in the solar system's frigid outer reaches. The isotopic composition of Earth seems to be more consistent with chondrites than with comets, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14969219", "title": "Police join dots in credit card scam", "text": "GURGAON: Interrogation of the two prime suspects of the American Express credit card fraud case has revealed their modus operandi by which they cheated over Rs 10 lakhs from a foreign national.The police have so far arrested Akshita Atri and Rahil Arora, who had accessed the secret pin code and credit card of the victim in 2011 when Atri was working with the bank.During interrogation, Atri said that she used the credit card for internet shopping and then passed it on to other friends, Rahil Arora, Joginder Kumar and Akshay Mishra, said a police officer.The police teams raided certain places in Gurgaon and Delhi to nab Joginder Kumar and Akshay Mishra, who are also named in the FIR lodged by Captain Ashish Madan, senior manager of American Express bank at DLF-II. The bank has also handed over the exact details of the net banking transactions of the victim.Investigations have revealed that the suspects used the credit card for internet shopping from October 29, 2011 to April 8, 2012.The accused confessed to their crime during interrogation and gave a list of items they had purchased through internet to the police. After raiding Atri's house, the police seized two mobile phones, a computer monitor, a webcam and two Samsung laptops. The police have meanwhile also dug out the internet usage data of the mobile phones that were used for internet shopping.The bank swung into action after a complaint from the foreign national woman and an internal probe revealed that the credit card was being used through different mobile phones, one of which belonged to Akshita Atri. Police teams have been dispatched to the native places of the other two suspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14978658", "title": "Scholarship watch: Master's scholarship for Public Policy and Good Governance", "text": "Master's scholarship for Public Policy and Good Governance (PPGG)This scholarship is applicable for candidates who want to do a Master's degree at one of the selected German Universities with the following focus areas: public policy, good governance, international relations, public management, administration, civil society for two years. The scholarships are offered both for young graduates without professional experience and for mid-career professionalsEligibility criteria:A first class Bachelor's DegreeThere should not be a gap of more than 6 years between the award of last degree and application deadline (July 31)In general, candidates should be residing in India at the time of application. Candidates, who have been in Germany for more than one year at the time of application, are not eligible to apply.Scholarship valueStipend of euro 750 per monthA lump sum towards air fare from India to Germany and backExemption from payment of university tuition feesA study and research subsidyCompulsory health insurance covered by DAADSix-month German Language Course in Germany - free tuition, boarding, lodging plus pocket allowance during the period of the German language course (preceding studies)Important application papers to be submitted includeDAAD application form for research grants and study scholarshipsMotivation Letter containing a precise description of the applicant's academic/ professional and personal reasons for wishing to participate in the programmeFull Curriculum Vitae including information about precise field of study and, if applicable, description of job experienceRecent language certificates giving evidence of your level of proficiency in English (TOEFL, IELTS) and if applicable in German. Please make sure to register in time for the respective tests. Fees for obtaining such certificates are considered as a personal career investment and will not be reimbursedTwo letters of recommendation by university professors and/or current or former employers;Officially authenticated copies of all certificates.For details, visit http://newdelhi.daad.de/mainFrame/home/ppgg.pdfDeadline: July 31", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14969379", "title": "Power restrictions loom large over Kerala", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Ditched by monsoon, the power-starved Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) is exploring all possible ways - including power restrictions - to resolve the power crisis. The board is heavily depending on power from central pool and power traders as the water level in all major reservoirs has hit the rock bottom and for the first time power generation from hydel stations has stooped to mere 10 mu (million units) a day. Earlier the board was generating 20 mu to 23 mu from hydel stations.Meanwhile, Kerala State Electricity Regulatory Commission (KSERC) is likely to announce the increased power tariff structure for consumers across the board next week.\"We are finalizing the tariff revisions and the announcement will come before the end of this month,\" said commission chairman K J Mathew. If monsoon fails, consumers will have to face both power restrictions and tariff hike simultaneously.\"State government is well aware of the power crisis. But it is not willing to resort to power restrictions while the assembly is in session. If monsoon continues to evade the state, the government will have no other options but to accept the board's recommendation and introduce power restrictions,\" top board officials told TOI.According to sources, the top brass in the board have already updated the state government about the grim situation and recommended power restrictions to avoid a breakdown of power distribution. KSEB's full board meeting on Thursday is scheduled to review the power situation and chart out an alternative action plan, which invariably would include power restrictions.Meanwhile, the government's failure to appoint a full time chairman for the board is also affecting the crisis management plan of KSEB. Following the retirement of former chairman T M Manoharan, transport department principal secretary Elias George was given additional charge as chairman. Since the official holding the additional charge went to Florida to study the functioning of 'monorail', the board was unable to hold a full board meeting at the height of the crisis.Due to the congestion in the power corridor, the board would not be able to bring more power from outside the state. At present, reservoirs under the board have water to produce only 300 mu power. The board imports 38 mu of power from outside the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14968705", "title": "12 judicial officers promoted as sessions judges", "text": "NEW DELHI: Twelve judicial officers of the city's subordinate judiciary have been promoted to the Delhi Higher Judicial Services as sessions judge.The judicial officers who have been promoted to the Delhi Higher Judicial Services include chief metropolitan magistrate Vinod Yadav, additional chief metropolitan magistrate Dig Vinay Singh and senior civil judges Ajay Goel, Anil Kumar Sisodia and Vikas Dhull. The other judicial officers who have been promoted are Anand Swaroop Aggarwal, Amit Kumar, Anuradha Shukla Bhardwaj, Ashutosh Kumar, Ruby Alka Gupta and Sanjeev Kumar Malhotra.All the promoted judges will continue in their present office till they are given their new assignments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "14969341", "title": "Woman editor shot at in Arunachal Pradesh", "text": "ITANAGAR: The associate editor of Arunachal Times, Tongam Rina, was shot at by suspected miscreants on Sunday as she was entering her office in the Sector E area in Itanagar at around 6pm. She was hit in her stomach and is stated to be critical.The attackers fled after the shooting. Thirty two-year-old Rina works as the associate editor of the first English language daily of the Himalayan state, which is owned by the family of former chief minister Gegong Apang .Rina was rushed to the Ram Krishna Mission Hospital here and doctors said that her intestines and backbone were badly damaged. There has been heavy loss of blood and the doctors were performing a surgery on her at the time of filing the report.Chief minister Nabam Tuki rushed to the hospital after hearing the news and took stock of the situation.A large number of journalists from Itanagar are present at the hospital. The police have launched a massive hunt to arrest the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14974801", "title": "Guwahati molestation case: Reporter resigns from TV channel, Electronic Media Forum Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: The television channel reporter who was accused by Team Anna member and Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) general secretary Akhil Gogoi of instigating the mob to molest a teenaged girl on last Monday has resigned from his primary membership of the Electronic Media Forum Assam (EMFA).The reporter has also tendered his resignation to the news channel he worked for following the accusation and said that he was ready to face any investigation.EMFA said that the organisation has accepted his resignation. EMFA added that the reporter informed through a communique on Saturday that he wanted to quit the organization till the investigation into the molestation of a girl on G S Road in the city on July 9 was over.The resignation of the reporter came after Akhil on Saturday showed video footage of the incident in a packed news conference at Guwahati Press Club here on Saturday. Earlier, on Friday also in a press conference, Akhil alleged that the reporter was behind the molestation incident, prompting EMFA to ask the Team Anna member to provide evidence of his allegation.After submitting the video footage to Assam DGP J N Choudhury, Akhil showed it to mediapersons and representatives of EMFA on Saturday, alleging that the reporter was involved in instigating the mob to molest the girl.\"EMFA has resolved in a meeting on Saturday that the visuals presented by the KMSS leader were not sufficient enough to substantiate all claims made against the concerned journalist as being the instigator of the incident. The visuals shown by the activist were not supported by the raw footage of the incident; rather it was an edited DVD format, where there remains possibility of doctoring. Hence, the forum demands an urgent forensic test of the raw footage of the incident (still possessed by Akhil Gogoi as he claimed in the press meet), the DVD with the same content provided to SSP Apurba Jiban Barua by the channel and the DVD handed over to the EMFA by the KMSS leader to authenticate the involvement of the journalist in theincident,\" the EMFA statement said.Soon after Akhil showed the video footage on Saturday, eight EMFA members had also tendered their resignations demanding that the reporter accused in the molestation case resign from EMFA.However, following the reporter's resignation, EMFA requested the other members who resigned in protest to join the organisation.\"We have requested the other members who had resigned to join the organisation as the reporter has already submitted his resignation and it has been accepted by EMFA,\" Bhaskar Bhuyan, one of the office-bearers of EMFA, said.However, on Sunday, several organizations, including KMSS, stepped up their demand that the reporter be arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14984466", "title": "Sanjay Dutt flashes his Samurai sword after 31 years", "text": "In the past, his fascination for weapons has landed Sanjay Dutt in trouble. But this time around, it proved to be useful. Shooting for his upcoming film Sher at a fort overlooking the city of Jaipur, Rajasthan, Sanjay brought out a Samurai sword that he had acquired during a one-year stint in Japan. A trip, his father late Sunil Dutt , had urged him on.Before he began his film career, his father had insisted that Sanjay train in a particular form of action - Samurai fighting. And despite his protestations, the young actor was packed off to Japan for a year - the 365 days that taught him more than a form of martial art.Years later, to commemorate the struggle he had gone through in life, fighting legal battles as well as personal ordeals, Sanjay had inked his arm with two Samurai soldiers. And now, he will be seen with his own Samurai sword on the big screen.A source close to the film revealed, \"When director Soham Shah informed him about this particular sequence in the period film, Sanjay insisted that he get his own sword. He had it from before his first film Rocky but never really used it afterwards.\"According to the source, the actor got really emotional while shooting with the sword. \"He was remembering the days when his father had forcefully sent him to Japan. It was before his first film Rocky released in 1981. He told the entire unit how the year long training taught him so much about life. Even in the scorching heat of Jaipur, Sanjay showed no signs of fatigue. He was that excited,\" added the source.And though the sword used is Japanese, the action, revealed the source is completely Indian. \"Action director Kanal Kannan had planned the entire sequence over a period of seven days. It required Sanjay to hang from a cable,\" added the source.But the already trained actor finished the shoot in a little more than three days. Confirming the story, director Shah said, \"Sanjay sir is superb. We had a great time. He was so excited to shoot the sequence. Any other young actor would perhaps have taken months to practise the shot.\"The film co-stars Vivek Oberoi , Humaima Mallik and Karishma Tanna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14970522", "title": "Doing good can be a hair-razing experience", "text": "MADURAI: One need not be rich or affluent to help others. Even amidst their daily work and worries, a few Good Samaritans find some time to help people in whatever way they can. M Veerakumar (39), a barber in Madurai, is one among them. He has been providing free haircuts to poor children in children's homes for the last eight years.Veerakumar is from Kallal near Karaikudi and his father settled down in Madurai and was working as a barber. After completing his technical studies in Madurai, Veerakumar went to Malaysia for work. After returning from abroad without great success, he opened a salon near Mattuthavani in 2000 with the intention of continuing his father's profession. He started working hard and his hard work helped him open another salon in Anna Nagar. Now, he has two shops and runs another three in the city on a partnership.His decision to do some good was taken in 2004 when he was working at his shop. A social worker from Madurai, P Sundarasubramanian, approached him for providing haircuts to children in homes at a lesser cost. \"It was a moment of awakening and I thought I should provide the hair cut free of cost to those special children,\" says Veerakumar, as he prepares to cut the hair of a boy from Rani Children's Home in Shanthi Nagar. At present, he provides free haircuts to children from two homes in the locality and also visits old age homes to provide haircuts to the elderly. \"They call me whenever there is a requirement and either I or my staff go to the homes to provide haircuts,\" he said.After being associated with these homes through his occupation, Veerakumar has started providing free accessories to the homes like soaps, bedsheets and other things. \"Veerakumar is of great help to us and he is a good human being. Even amidst his busy work, he never hesitates to provide free haircuts to children and the elderly. Moreover, he is spreading this awareness among his friends, procuring small items like soaps and other things for the homes\", says Sundarasubramanian, recalling his association with Veeakumar.\"God has blessed me with everything, a good family with two sons and a good business. My wife, Arockiaamali, fully supports me in this small service to the needy. We even procure the accessories together for the homes. I am not doing anything great, but it gives enormous satisfaction because I am able to do something for others,\" he says on a humble note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14968664", "title": "Only 19% allowed to keep term students pass first year engineering exam", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite a paper leak and a re-exam for one of the papers, the University of Mumbai managed to announce the results of the first semester of the first year engineering exams on Saturday, almost 15-20 days in advance as compared to last year. However, the early result has not been a cheerful affair for many as the success rate of more than 24,000 ATKT (allowed to keep term) students who appeared for the exam was a mere 19.78%. Of the 24,007 students who appeared for the exam, only 4,741 passed it.According to S K Ukrande, the dean of technology, the results are slightly worse than last year. \"The pass percentage of students last year was not great, but slightly on the higher side. This year, it seems to have dipped. We are yet to analyze the results.\" Pointing out that the university managed to declare the results in just 26 days, he said, \"Teachers mostly go on leave after the exams; we requested them to assess the papers and then go on leave. Many of them agreed and we managed to announce the results early.\"An engineering college principal said the results are poor. While 27,000 students appear for the regular exams, 24,000 are appearing for ATKT, proving the quality of students, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "14970687", "title": "Seven of Khan family booked under Maharashtra Control of Organized Crimes Act", "text": "AKOLA: Former Congress corporator Aliyar Khan alias Allu Pehelwan, his five sons and a brother have been booked under Maharashtra Control of Organized Crimes Act (MCOCA) in addition to the earlier offences of rioting and assaulting policemen on the night of June 1 last in Bhandpura locality of the old city area here on Saturday.Name of the accused and number of offences committed by them are: Aliyar Khan alias Allu Pahelwan former Congress corporator (9), Feroz Khan (9) Nasir Khan (4), Miya Khan (4), Javed Khan (2) and Wazid Khan (3) all sons of Allu Pahelwan and his brother Niyamat Khan (10). During Bhandpura episode, one of the accused Wazid Khan was also injured in police firing.Extortion, murder, attempted murder, robbery are some of the offences committed by the accused in the last decade.This is the second time that the police acted swiftly after June 1 episode and with the direction of superiors, the old city police chief D D Wadmare registered the additional offences under MCOCA 1999 against the seven accused on Saturday.Interestingly, Tahera, the wife of Allu Pahelwan, and Safia, wife of his son Azad Khan, are municipal corporators belonging to Congress party.Sources said that the police even accepted gifts such as tables or chairs for the police station from the Khan family.In all 22 persons were arrested in Bhandpura episode on June 1 last.The police registered offences under MCOCA 1999 in Akot File gang war case against the accused persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14968922", "title": "Dimple urges society to respect girls", "text": "LUCKNOW: A family or society can tread on the path of progress, which respects its daughters, said Dimple Yadav, Kannauj MP while inaugurating the one-day conference on 'Save the girl child' organised by City Montessori School on Sunday. She said that it would go a long way in removing prejudices and wiping out social evils like abortion of girl child foetus, exploitation of girls in society etc. She said that social organisations must come forward to provide a positive and healthy environment to children, especially girls for their all-round development and progress.On this occasion, Dimple Yadav also inaugurated 'Ummeed' for girls belonging to weaker and poorer sections of the society launched by CMS. She also promised financial assistance of Rs 11,000 each to 20 underprivileged girlswho have joined 'Ummeed' in its initial stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14972116", "title": "Kolkata youth drowns in Howrah lake", "text": "KOLKATA: A youth died after getting drowned in a lake in Howrah on Sunday afternoon. According to police, Sheikh Ambar of Zakaria Street in central Kolkata had gone to the lake located on Bellelious Street under Bantara police station. Some people who were boating in the lake saw the youth jumping into the water around 2pm.Police called in divers who . The youth's body was fished out the body later. Cops have not found is yet to recover any suicide note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "14974127", "title": "National School of Drama to launch certificate course in Tripura", "text": "AGARTALA: The National School of Drama (NSD) will launch one year Cerfificate course in Tripura in August, official sources said today. Sources said, Chief Minister Manik Sarkar would inaugurate the course on August 9 at Nazrul Kalakshetra here. Altogether 20 students would be admitted to the course of which ten students are from Tripura and the rest from outside. Sources said, a Interview Board, headed by the coordinator of the course, Kirty Jain, the former director of NSD have selected the candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14973690", "title": "Pinki Pramanik lodges theft complaint against former partner", "text": "KOLKATA: Pinki Pramanik on Sunday lodged a complaint against her former live-in-partner - who had alleged that Pinki is a male and raped her - for stealing her jwellery and intimidating her.Accompanied by her lawyer Madhab Sanyal, the former athlete went to Baguiati police station to lodge her complaint. She said she is keen to meet chief minister Mamata Banerjee and sports minister Madan Mitra to apprise them of her ordeal, but the bail condition imposed by the Barasat court stops her from doing that.The former athlete later said: \"After my arrest on June 14, the keys to my Teghoria apartment were with her. When I came back, I noticed that a gold bracelet and a chain are missing. So are my driving licence and voter ID card. So, I had to lodge a complaint.\"She added: \"I am also receiving many threat calls. The callers tell me not to step out of my home. Or else, I would face dire consequences.\" Pinki has asked for police protection, said her lawyer.Her live-in partner handed over the keys to her flat to police on July 11 - a few hours after Pinki stepped out of Dum Dum central jail.\"She has ruined my life by making a false allegation and the media has been projecting her as a victim and targeting me. I am innocent. It's me who is feeling insecure now,\" said Pinki.Her former partner, however, is unfazed. \"My claim that Pinki is a male stands vindicated. I am repeatedly being threatened over the phone. I have also lodged a complaint,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14978266", "title": "Bringing fresh rhythm into their lives", "text": "In tandem with monsoon showers, the notes of raag Miya Malhar render the air heady as VJ Manjula sings. The raag captures the soul instantly , for it comes straight from the heart of Manjula, who is visually impaired.Manjula is one of the rare talents from the Pandit Puttaraj Gawai Trust For Disabled , a free residential music school for poverty-stricken , visually impaired girls.These budding musicians blossom under the benevolent eye of Vidwan Devareddy N Chinchali, managing trustee, Puttaraj Gawai Trust . Devareddy, too, is visually impaired, not unlike his guru Gawai.\"When I was 14, I landed in Bangalore, after being refused admission in schools near Gadag , my hometown in North Karnataka. I went to Ramana Maharishi Academy for the Blind imploring them to give me admission. They wondered why I was in a state of panic as they believed in giving admission to all. So I joined the adult education programme and completed SSLC in five years, after failing once. I didn't know English too well then,\" Devareddy says, in impeccable English.After completing graduation in APS College, Devareddy , a trained Hindustani musician, took up a teaching job at the Ramana Maharishi Junior College for Women. With the ability to earn a living , this musician and teacher could connect with his inner vision.\"When I was studying at Ramana Maharishi Academy, they didn't have provision to house visually impaired girls. Back home I had met several daily-wage earners steeped in poverty and with disabled girl children. I wanted to start a residential music school for such girls so that they could go out and earn a living by teaching. So I approached guruji Gawai, who was alive then, with the idea. He said: 'If you want to set up a free school, then go ahead.' With his blessings, I started this trust for the disabled in 2003 with my savings and used the fees I earned from giving music tuitions for its upkeep,\" Devareddy recounts, playing the song 'Taayi aa nota' on the harmonium.\"Our school is all encompassing with students of various kinds of disabilities, physical and emotional,\" says Asha, Devareddy's wife, as special needs child Sai Prajwal takes her rendition to a powerful high.Blessed with vision, Asha helps run the school. \"I was introduced to Devareddy by a friend at Mathru Chaya, the orphanage I grew up in,\" says Asha.\"In fact, today, we are here to rehearse a Purandarasa composition,\" says Devareddy.Pandit Puttaraj Gawai Trust for Disabled, which is also home to Devareddy, his wife and two children, is haven to a rather large family of people who are high on music, love and life.BT Veena, from Byatakere , Meenakshi R from Tumkur, Gangamma from Madhugiri, Shankaramma L from Bagalkot, Manjula HK from Chitradurga and Sharanamma Rama Reddy from Raichur are some of the students of the trust with a bright future.Smiling amidst this array of upcoming music maestros is Neelamma, who is blessed with sight. \"Her parents are construction workers who sleep in the open. She is here for protection and is one of my disciples,\" says Devareddy.As evening turns into night , this merry band of musicians eases into gentle camaraderie . \"Their music education will continue for five years. Those who have passed out of here are now teaching music at various schools and earn anywhere between Rs 4,000 and Rs 18,000 a month,\" says Devareddy.This eye-opening vision has its share of Good Samaritans like Dr S Pradeep, chief radiologist at Fortis Hospitals . Having undergone a hipreplacement surgery, this doctor has grown addicted to doing everything he can for the visually impaired with a smile. \"If Devareddy can, so can I. This musician leads a very fulfilled and independent life \u2014 he even teaches people in their homes and travels everywhere by himself,\" says Dr Pradeep.An inspirationDevareddy doesn't ask for donations, neither does he quote a price for his performances. So I started negotiating with various people to enable members of this school perform at parties, weddings and functions and help ferry them to the venue. Inspired by Devareddy, I have started a free hostel for the visually impaired called Punya in Whitefield. I want to help set up a similar music school for visually impaired boys.\u2014 Dr S Pradeep, chief radiologist, Fortis Hospitals", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14967303", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation in a fog as malaria cases rise", "text": "INDORE: Do you remember when was the last time you saw fogging machine in your locality? Possibly, you might not be able to recollect it, as Indore Municipal Corporation has only one fogging machine to serve the city with a population of nearly 25 lakh. Though the civic body had procured five fogging machines to keep the mosquitoes at bay, four of them are out of order for the last two years.In-charge of malaria department of IMC, Brajlal Vishnar said that they have already written letters to Ratlam-based company from which they were bought for repairing. But the company was not showing proper interest in the job, he added.Meanwhile, cases of malaria in the city are on rise. In the last six months, 61 cases of malaria have been detected. Last year, 51 cases were witnessed in the same period.Statistics of malaria department reveal that mosquito menace has been rising in the city with every passing year. The health department registered as many as 221 P.vivax cases in 2011 as against 211 malaria cases during 2010. On the other hand, the number of P.falciparum too did not come down significantly.With monsoon having already hit the city, and in the absence of preventive measures, surge in cases of malaria is not very unlikely. Though the civic body and malaria department had earlier announced several plans to curb the spread of vector-borne diseases particularly malaria, but not much work has been done at the ground level.Rohit Verma, resident of Palasia, said that every year they read about the plans of civic body to tackle vector-borne diseases but never see any activity.\"I don't even remember when did the fogging machine enter my locality last time,\" said Verma adding that civic body has not been able to do anything for water logging problem as well.\"Their negligence puts the health of citizens at risk.\"Interestingly, IMC reportedly failed to spend Rs 9 lakh out of the allotted Rs 10 lakh fund for the prevention of various diseases in the last fiscal. Despite this, the civic body has allocated another Rs 10 lakh for the same purpose during the current financial year in the budget.However when contacted, district malaria officer, MC Jinwal said that they were taking all preventive measures and organizing several awareness programmes to tackle the threat of malaria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14967541", "title": "MLA, construction giant encroached 1.3 acres at Nallakunta Lake: Report", "text": "HYDERABAD: Serilingampally MLA Bikshapathi Yadav, a construction giant and several others have encroached over 1.3 acres of Nallakunta lake in Gopanapally village, according to a report.According to the report by the deputy inspector of survey, Chevella division, on April 7, 2012, on encroachments in survey Nos 7, 8 and other shikaham (lake bed) land, Aparna Constructions, Bikshapathi Yadav's family members and several others encroached upon the lake land.In survey No 8, acre 0.07 guntas (1 acre = 40 guntas; 1 gunta = 121 square yards) was encroached by constructing a compound wall around a building. Similarly, in survey No 7, an extent of acre 0.01 guntas was encroached upon by Aparna Constructions. A portion of land in survey No. 8, to an extent of acre 0.30 guntas, was also encroached upon by land holders of survey Nos 9 and 11. \"The deputy inspector of survey in his order only mentioned the name of Aparna Constructions for encroaching upon some portion of land. However, he did not name individuals who had reclaimed acre 0.30 guntas, which was encroached by land holders of survey No 9 and 11, who are family members of Bikshapathi Yadav. The officer deliberately did not directly name the MLA's family members, who went on to construct a compound wall and a guest house over a four-acre land,'' K Bhaskar Reddy of Janam Kosam on whose petition the Lok Ayukta registered a case against Bikshapathi Yadav and several Rangareddy district officials.However, the Lok Ayukta registered a case only against the MLA since he is a public servant, but not against Aparna Constructions. \"There are no full tank level (FTL) pillars on the spot since it was encroached upon by neighbours. The total extent of tank bed land is acre 1.31 guntas in survey No 8, acre 0.01 guntas in survey No 7. The extent occupied by Aparna Constructions in survey No 7 and 8 is acre 0.08 guntas,'' the report said.On April 9, the deputy collector of Serilingampally was directed by the RR district collector to take action for removal of encroachments by issuing notices under the Land Encroachment Act and submit an action taken report within 15 days. Bhaskar Reddy and other members of his NGO alleged that till date the encroachments remain and no effort was made to remove them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14976365", "title": "Sarabjit kin fail to meet Hooda, hopeful of Haryana CM's help", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While Pranab Mukherjee, the presidential candidate, was having an interaction with MLAs and MPs from Punjab and Haryana on Sunday evening, Dalbir Kaur and Swapandeep Kaur, sister and daughter of Sarabjit Singh , who is currently lodged in Kot Lakhpat jail in Pakistan , were struggling to have an access to the main venue.Accompanied by Mamin Malik, a Panipat-based lawyer and Hawa Singh Tanwar, Amritsar-based human rights activist, the two women had come to meet Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda . They were seen requesting the security guards for access to the main hall of Hotel Mountview, where Mukherjee had come to address the meeting.Besides pressing her brother's case once again, Dalbir Kaur had come to request Hooda to settle Swapandeep Kaur in Haryana. The more than 3-hour wait for the aunt-niece duo apparently bore no fruit as Hooda left the venue with Paranab Mukherjee.\"I am quite a positive person and we can understand Hooda ji's problems as well. He has just left to see off Pranab Da. We are sure to have a meeting with him. If not here, may be at his residence,'' said Dalbir Kaur.Joining Dalbir Kaur, Swapandeep said this was their second meeting with Hooda. \"Earlier we met him at New Delhi. Now, he had given us appointment at Chandigarh for the purpose of employment opportunity in Haryana,'' said 24-year-old Swapandeep, who could be seen following her aunt during the latter's meeting with MLAs and MPs from Punjab.\"So far as Pranab Mukherjee is concerned, he is sure to be elected as President of India. He understands our case well and supports us,\" she added.Though she failed to meet Hooda, most senior Congress leaders from Punjab, including former chief minister Amarinder Singh , Union ministers Ambika Soni and Pawan Kumar Bansal , MLA Rana Gurmeet Singh Sodhi and other MLAs could be seen reiterating the efforts made by them in pressing for Sarabjeet's case with Union government as well the government of Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14990269", "title": "Mazhar Syed in Haunted Nights", "text": "The Entertainment Hub's 'Haunted Nights' on Sahara One is all set to bring forth a spine chilling story.Talented and smart Mazhar Syed, who was last seen in the Bollywood flick 'Jodi Breakers' , now marks his return to the small screen with the show. Mazhar, who has been away from television since a while now will play the role of Shekhar. The story will revolve around an extra marital affair and a spirit will try to connect to Mazhar's character, Shekhar.The spirit will try to reveal the misdeeds that his wife has done in the past. Mazhar will start shooting today for the episode. When contacted, Mazhar said, \"I enjoy doing horror and it's a very interesting story, not the cliche one. So I agreed to do it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14970772", "title": "Cops thrash BJP state unit chief's relative", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: City police station personnel were caught on the wrong foot when they detained a youth on the suspicion of involvement in counterfeit currency racket and brutally thrashed him on Saturday night. The 'suspect' Ashish Padgilwar, who was found innocent, turned out to be the nephew of state BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar.A huge mob of members of Arya Vaishya community thronged the police station on Sunday afternoon and raised slogans against the brutal behaviour of cops. Ashish, who sustained severe injuries on his back and lost hearing ability in one of the ears, has filed a complaint against the detective branch personnel in the same police station.Chandrapur police were on the toes in the evening to arrest the accused in counterfeit currency notes that was busted the same day. Detective Branch cops found Ashish wandering in Sarafa Lane around 9.30pm. Suspecting him to be an absconding accused, they detained him. Though he pleaded innocence, he was taken to the police station and thrashed. He also showed the injury marks to news reporters and claimed he had lost hearing ability in the left ear where he was struck heavily.Ashish hails from a small village in Anji in Yavatmal district and had come for a marriage ceremony at Chandrapur. He was in Sarafa Lane for purchasing a gift when a person in civil dress came to him and asked whether he knew Marathi. Ashish replied in the affirmative. The said person then tried to snatch his mobile phone from the pocket, but he fled suspecting him to be a waylayer. Soon he was joined by another person and caught Ashish who had taken shelter in a shop.The duo, claiming to be cops, started thrashing him and then took him to the city police station. There, some more cops joined them. He repeatedly told the cops that he was a relative of Mungantiwar, but to no avail. The incident came to light when the relatives called him up since he did not return to the marriage venue till late in the night. After learning about the incident, the relatives reached the police station to his rescue. The cops took a letter of apology from him before allowing him to go.Arya Vaishya community leader Pradeep Bhimanwar has strongly condemned the police action. \"It is utter brutality. Cops are behaving like ruffians. How could common citizens feel safe when their protectors turn tyrant,\" he asked. He demanded immediate suspension of PSI Rajendra Bansode and four other cops allegedly involved in the thrashing. He said Mungantiwar would raise the issue through an adjournment motion in the state assembly on Monday.Police sources claimed that SP Rajiv Jain has ordered an inquiry against the cops involved in the alleged thrashing of Ashish. PSO of city police station Shekhar Chincholkar said they received a complaint and sent Ashish for medical examination. An offence will be registered after the receipt of medical report and action taken after investigations, he added. He however did not comment on the allegations of brutality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14993837", "title": "Bhansali will continue to make outstanding films: Bela", "text": "Editor-turned-director Bela Sehgal is happy that her brother Sanjay Leela Bhansali is finally connecting with the masses by producing films like 'Rowdy Rathore' which has emerged as the first blockbuster of 2012.Bhansali, who is known for making unusual and different films like 'Khamoshi: The musical', 'Black', 'Saawariya' and 'Guzaarish' took a bold step by backing an out-an-out commercial entertainer film. And it paid off after the Akshay Kumar-Sonakshi starrer did a business of over Rs 100 crore at the boxoffice.\"I am glad he made a change. It is always good to change...to connect with masses. And 'Rowdy Rathore' is a big change, it was a hit. I am happy for him. After a long time he has connected with his masses,\" Bela told PTI in an interview.The kind of films that Sanjay has made, he did not seem as someone who would subscribe to film like 'Rowdy Rathore' . \"I think there is nothing wrong in producing these films. It does not mean that he will stop making films the way he wants to. It is not that his passion, sincerity, music, poetry and all that will disappear from his films. He will go ahead and make better films than what he has made till now,\" Bela said.\"He is such a brave and strong man, despite whatever is written or told about him he comes out with outstanding films. I think people should stop listening to others and not go for his films. But people must decide for themselves.. to go and see his movies and then make their opinion,\" she said. Bela is all praise for brother Sanjay and his style of film making.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14974622", "title": "HIV/AIDS funds for paramilitary forces spent on air conditioners, LCD monitors", "text": "NEW DELHI: Air conditioners, LCD monitors and furniture were found to have been purchased from welfare funds meant for buying HIV/AIDS awareness tools for paramilitary jawans in alleged violation of norms in the medical wing of the home ministry.Sources said an internal inquiry is currently underway after few directors (medical) of various forces wrote objecting to the procurement. The procurement was made in 2010 by the office of the additional director general (medical) located at the ITBP base hospital in south Delhi. According to the records of utilization of the budget, two split ACs, two LCD monitors, crockery items, a candle stand and canvas paintings were bought by the medical wing.Documents revealed that a balance budget of Rs 5 lakh was meant \"only for procurement of items for audio visual aids and other items for the HIV/AIDS action plan.\" Sources in paramilitary forces said the funds were allocated to the MHA under a WHO programme to combat the HIV/AIDS menace among the personnel and officials of border guarding/paramilitary forces like the CRPF, BSF, CISF, NSG and the Assam Rifles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14973325", "title": "Don\u2019t forget your wealth tax return", "text": "The din generated by income tax returns tends to push the other taxes into the background. The wealth tax is the neglected child of the direct taxes family. However, remember that ignoring wealth tax can lead to serious problems for a taxpayer, with the penalty ranging from 100% to 500% of the unpaid tax. \"In extreme cases of willful default, a taxpayer may be punished with imprisonment ranging from six months to seven years,\" says Sunil Jain, partner of Gurgaon-based law firm J Sagar Associates.Wealth tax raked in only 787 crore for the exchequer in 2011-12, which was a piffling 0.16% of the total direct tax kitty of 4,93,912 crore. The securities transaction tax brings in seven times as much revenue as the wealth tax. This laxity on the part of the government has encouraged taxpayers to ignore their wealth tax liability. According to the Wealth Report 2012 of the Boston Consulting Group, India's rich are becoming richer. Nearly 28,000 Indian households crossed the threshold to become dollar millionaires (financial investments of over 5.5 crore) in 2011.Though financial assets do not invite wealth tax, real estate and gold, two favourite investment options of the super rich, are included. However, this is not reflected in the wealth tax collection, which has grown at a tardy pace, to say the least. However, this could change soon. A committee headed by former CBDT chairman, MC Joshi, has sought stricter punishment for tax evasion. The panel wants the minimum imprisonment for income tax and wealth tax evasion to be three years. Most investors in real estate have no idea about the tax implication of buying a second property . A second house won't attract wealth tax only if it is rented out for at least 300 days in a year. It can be a double whammy for the owner if the house is lying vacant, for he will not only have to pay tax on the notional rental income , but the value of the house will be added to his net taxable wealth. This is why savvy investors prefer to put money in commercial real estate, which does not attract wealth tax.An increased focus on wealth tax compliance can bring in significant revenue for the exchequer. The best part is that there cannot be any political opposition to such a move because the law already exists.Tax experts also say that the current limit of 30 lakh is not in sync with reality. A small flat or plot of land in a metro will easily land even a middle-class family in the wealth tax net.However, there's good news in store. The original Direct Taxes Code had proposed to raise the threshold of assets for wealth tax to 50 crore and reduce the tax to 0.25%. It had also sought to bring financial assets under the tax ambit. The revised DTC has not specified the limit, but has hinted that financial assets will not be included and that the threshold needs to be raised. Till that happens , make sure you pay your wealth tax and file the return to avoid a missive from the taxman.Wealth tax primerWHAT IS TAXABLE?More than one house, if it is unoccupied; ornaments; luxury cars, watches, yachts and aircraft; over 50,000 in cash.HOW MUCH IS THE TAX?1% of the value of the assets exceeding 30 lakh.WHAT IS EXEMPT?Any one residential property. Commercial property. Financial assets Any outstanding loan taken to buy the asset.FILING DEADLINE AND FORMWealth tax return has to be filed by 31 July. You have to use the four-page Form BA for filing the return.WHAT IS THE PENALTY?1% interest for every month of delay. Penalty for evasion is 100-500 % of the evaded amount. In extreme cases, even jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14968868", "title": "'Islam has elaborate system of marriage registration'", "text": "Quraishi added that Muslims had no objection to marriage registration. \"In fact, Islam is the only religion with an elaborate system of marriage registration. The document is available with the qazis who solemnise nikah,\" he said.The committee's meeting took place at Islamic seminary, Darul Uloom Nadwa-tul-Ulema on Sunday. Chaired by AIMPLB president, Maulana Rabe Hasan Nadwi, the committee also expressed concern on some judgments against principles of Shariat in matters of divorce and maintenance to divorced women.It was decided that the AIMPLB would move the Supreme Court for a review of the judgements. \"Shariat is part of Islam and Muslims are bound to follow it,\" said Quraishi.The members also condemned the role of the ministries of law and minority affairs in connection with the Central Waqf Amendment Bill, 2010. \"They have been creating hurdles in letting us preserve, protect and recover waqf properties and to make the waqf board a representative of the Muslim community,\" said Zafaryab Jilani, member of the executive committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14989852", "title": "Tom Cruise caught kissing Bond Girl", "text": "Could this be the real reason why Katie decided to leave him?We'll admit it, we genuinely thought that Tom Cruise was spending his evenings flicking through family photo albums and drawing moustaches on pictures of Katie Holmes' face, before ringing up Oprah and asking if she could stage a special hour-long episode of, uh, Oprah, where he could come on and set fire to that sofa.But it turns out that we were wrong. Instead, the actor has been seen kissing another woman. We've done some research on Katie's replacement and Tom's new love interest. And we've found out the following facts about her: 1. Her official name is not Mystery Woman. It is Olga Kurylenko . 2. She's 33-years-old. 3. Her biggest acting role to date was in Quantum of Solace , when she played Bond Girl Camille. 4. Olga is 5ft 9.5, which is half an inch taller than Katie, and still two and a half inches taller than Tom. 5. She's from the Ukraine , but moved to Paris to become a model when she was only 16. She speaks Russian, French and English fluently. And can play the piano.Oh, and she may or may not be acting in Tom's latest film, Oblivion. In which she may or may not be playing Tom's girlfriend. And these photos may or may not have been taken on set. But that's really all besides the point.Source: mirror.co.uk", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14990158", "title": "First fantasy Bhojpuri movie coming soon!", "text": "Story of the film revolves around a good for nothing only son of fisherman family. Radha, the daughter of local school teacher falls in love with him but wonders how or why it happened. However Nadu and Radha are caught by their parents and thereafter Radha is dispatched to her uncle's home in the city. Nandu is thrown out of his house by his father. The hungry and vagabound Nandu miraculously meets Yamraj and is blessed to become a famous doctor.In the meantime Radha has joined a channel as a news reporter. The owner Mukund Rai sends Radha on an assignement to interview a famous doctor Dr.Nand Kishore. Radha is surprised to see her old love Nandu and their love blooms again. Unfortunately the days of the blessing were numbered and Nandu is back to his original self. All his property earned as a doctor is stolen by his compunder. The relation between Radha and Nandu breaks again. Mukund Rai starts helping Radha which infuriates Mukund's old love Saloni . To know What happens next we have to wait for the film. Source: bhojpuri.co", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14968492", "title": "Open manholes may prove death traps", "text": "PATNA: Monsoon rain may have brought some cheer to Patnaites, but it has also led to waterlogging woes in the city. After only a few spells of rain, several city areas have begun to witness waterlogging, forcing people to wade through accumulated water. The situation doesn't seem any better than the last year.However, Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal said about 90% of the city drains had been cleaned and in next 10 days, rest of the work would be completed. In New Capital Circle of the city, out of 7,900-ft-long drains, only 1,121 ft remain to be cleaned. There is 1,200km of underground drains spread over four circles of the PMC.In this season of waterlogged roads and streets, open manholes may turn out to be deadly death traps. Altogether, 1097 manholes across the city are open while 242 catch pits need to be repaired immediately. The PMC has a total of 20,587 manholes and 22,814 catch pits under its area. PMC has been able to complete the repair work of only 250 manholes while it has covered only 173 manholes in different areas.Pal said, \"The urban development department (UDD) and the housing board allotted Rs 76 crore for repairing and covering the manholes.\" The UDD had given a deadline of June 30 to the PMC for covering all the manholes. The municipal commissioner stated he had ordered the garbage lifting work to be continued even after 10pm. He added, \"Once the manhole repair work is complete, the details of expenditure will be submitted to the department concerned.\"A PMC official said drinking water crisis continued in the city. There are 122 pump houses in the city but only 113 are in working condition. PMC and Bihar Rajya Jal Parshad are yet to repair the rest pump houses even after several directions from higher authorities. Bihar Rajya Jal Parshad has been directed to install 38 new pumps to increase the capacity. As many as 30 new pumps would be installed before next monsoon and eight would be installed soon after that, sources said.PMC mayor Afzal Imam said to make the pump houses function better, an engineer was deployed to monitor the repair work of pump houses. Every circle of the PMC would keep 200 litres of diesel as backup for emergency purposes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14972941", "title": "Chaos after railway test goof-up", "text": "CHENNAI: Protesting against alleged mix-up of roll numbers and examination venues in hall tickets by the Railway Recruitment Board (RRB), hundreds of candidates who came for a recruitment test for assistant loco pilots at Bharat University blocked traffic on Camp Road in Tambaram.Traffic came to a standstill on the busy Camp Road in the southern suburbs for nearly an hour till senior police officers intervened to pacify the agitating students. The candidates alleged that several applicants could not write their papers because of the mix-up in roll numbers and venues specified in the hall tickets.Many candidates could not find their roll numbers at the centre, while others whose name and roll number were listed at the centre were asked to write the examination at a different location in Virugambakkam. Hundreds of candidates who could not write their examination sought an explanation from the railway officials present at the venue. However, the railway officials failed to pacify the students.Sources said that more than 4,000 examinees reached the centre for the examination. The confusion began an hour before the examination started when the candidates started looking for allotment of seats at the venue. \"Our hall tickets show the roll number and name of the centre, but the roll numbers are not listed inside the examination halls. A few other students who sat for the examination as per the roll numbers were thrown out because their names were not found in the document with the invigilators,\" said a student.A senior railway official said that the confusion happened because of printing mistakes in the hall tickets. \"The venue was printed wrongly in the hall tickets so students of some other centre landed at the wrong place. RRB officials are looking into the issue,\" said the official. The RRB will decide when a re-examination, if any, should be conducted, an official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14967448", "title": "My father was thrown out of TDP: Purandeswari", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Union minister of state for human resource development Daggubati Purandeswari created a flutter by claiming that her father and founder president of TDP N T Rama Rao was thrown out of the party. She also claimed that her father's party symbol was a lion. Refusing to comment on her actor-brother Balakrishna's entry into active politics, Purandeswari said that it was an internal affair of the TDP and that she would not comment on the developments as she is in the Congress now holding the post of a Union minister. When asked about her comments on the chances of a member of NTR family getting a coveted party chief post in the TDP, she shot back saying that she was not a member of the TDP to talk about its internal politics. tnn \"Everyone in the state knows how my father was thrown out of the party and people know that my father's party symbol was a lion,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14994785", "title": "Twitpals to Gayathri's rescue!", "text": "Actress-choreographer Gayathri Raghuram seems to be relying hevaily on her twitpals to help her find a cure for her shoulder pain.Gayathri tweeted, \"My left shoulder is just killing me. Soooo much pain. I've been bearing it for almost three months now.\" Even as one of her 'followers' suggested visiting a doctor, she said, \"I'm scared to go to a doctor. I visited them several times (earlier), but I failed to follow the treatment. I was not able to take treatment regularly.\"Finally, Gayathri decided to listen to the advice of her friends online. \"I will keep ice bag and heat bag to make it better,\" she wrote!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14968831", "title": "Conman with American dream flies into cop net", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bandra-Kurla Complex (BKC) police recently arrested a 22-year-old Bangladeshi man who hoped to fly to the US by impersonating a US national and take up a job there.Rafiquallah Shaikh, a commerce graduate employed in a mall in Delhi, wanted to work in the US when he met Michael Clarke. Clarke was a regular visitor to the mall and Shaikh expressed his desire. \"When Shaikh said he did not possess a passport, Clarke suggested that Shaikh should impersonate Clarke and apply for a duplicate passport in Mumbai,\" a police officer said. Cops said they are verifying Shaikh's claims.\"Shaikh said Clarke gave him his social security card, his educational and professional qualification certificates and also the passport number. Clarke also advised him to lodge a complaint with the Bandra railway police, saying he lost the passport in a train,\" the official said. Shaikh never thought that the passport number Clarke provided belonged to another US national, David Peter.On July 2, Shaikh approached the US consulate at BKC to apply for a duplicate US passport. \"He presented himself as Michael Clarke and submitted the 'US Social Security Card' at the US Consulate. Shaikh, as suggested by Clarke, said he lost his passport at Bandra station and wanted to apply for a duplicate,'' the official said.The US Social Security Card stores the individual's personal, family and professional information that are issued by their government. \"The card was in Clarke's name. But consulate staff became suspicious when Shaikh's picture did not match the one on the card. When they asked for details of Clarke's family members, Shaikh got exposed,\" said sub-inspector Rajesh Kadav.Kadav said that the consulate found out that the US passport number which Shaikh submitted was in the name of one David Peter, and not issued to Clarke. The consulate lodged a complaint with BKC police.Shaikh had also obtained a certificate from the Bandra railway police, showing he had lost his passport. \"His sister and mom in Bangladesh provided his details. They said he wanted to go to the US in search of work which made him enter India. He is a commerce graduate,\" said inspector GG Patil. \"Clarke may have applied for new documents and the social security card after reaching his country, claiming to have lost the documents while on tour in India last year,\" said the officer. Police said investigations are on to find out why Clarke gave Shaikh the documents. Shaikh is in police custody till July 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14970235", "title": "Second phase of UID drive to start in city today", "text": "PUNE: The second phase of the Unique Identification (UID) registration drive in the city will start from Monday.Each civic panel will have two centres and the city will have 152 centres in all. Three hundred machines have been provided for the drive.Nearly 21 lakh UID cards are yet to be distributed in the city. Of the three agencies appointed to carry out the drive, each has to provide seven lakh cards.The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) will keep all centres open on Sundays, so that more people can avail of the scheme. The centres will remain closed on Thursdays, a press release issued by the civic body states.Under the UID scheme, a 12-digit number is allotted to each individual after his/her basic information is collected. As per the PMC's plan, the registration process in the city is expected to be completed by December 2012.The details of the centres have been made available on the website of the civic body - www.punecorporation.org. People can access the information about centres near their areas and the officials concerned at those centres on the website.Following orders from the state government, the PMC had suspended the UID registration drive in February. The state government had later given orders to restart the drive and the second phase was supposed to start on May 15. According to the PMC, the phase was delayed due to non-availability of machines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "14968163", "title": "Anonymous donors shelling out thousands surprises beggars", "text": "AJMER: Abdul Rasheed got a new lease of life when unknown donors gave him Rs 4.5 lakh for his kidney operation last week. Rasheed was not alone to receive these largesse as several others like him now seem to have unknown godfathers.Rasheed (32), a resident of Phool Gali of the dargah region, was ill for some time and doctors said an operation is needed to save his life. \"Abdul is a photographer and shoot photographs at the main gate of the dargah. He was in tension as he could not arrange the money,\" said Himaun Khan, member of central jail committee.Secret donors came forward and the amount was sent to his house. \"They came to us and gave money to help Abdul for operation. Abdul is now in Ahmedabad for operation and he got Rs 4.5 lakh for his treatment,\" said Babar Chishty, councillor of the dargah region.Donating money and helping people is not new in this world-famed Sufi dargah but helping people secretly has been a new trend.Usually devotees who came to the dargah donate warm clothes, food and much more during the month of Ramzan. But now these unidentified philanthropists came out alone after praying at the dargah and when beggars asked for 'bakshish', they gave away thousand-rupee notes.\"There was a rush as we were expecting huge sums,\" Shakeel Lula, a beggar said.Local people attribute this sudden generosity to the onset of Hindu religious month Sawan.\"This generosity is a regular feature during the month of Ramzan where people give 'zakat' (part of earned money to the poor and needy) but in the month of Sawan it is probably the first time,\" one of the locals said.According to beggars, an ordinary looking man came to them and dropped a note on their laps and walked away. \"When I saw the note, it was of one thousand rupees,\" Shakeel said. \"I tried to find out the donor but there was a heavy rush and could not identify him,\" he added.Similar incidents were reported by about a dozen of beggars but matter was hushed up as they do not wanted police or other groups come asking them questions.Donations 1000- and 500-rupee notes were also reported from the dhan mandi region of the dargah bazaar last week. \"I am begging here since the last 25 years and for the first time a big donation came my way. People mostly gave hundred-rupee note or sometimes 500-rupee notes during the month of Ramzan but giving one-thousand-rupee notes is a rare,\" en elderly beggar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "lohgara (allahabad)", "code": "14966734", "title": "Shiva, Nandi idols gulping milk, Gangajal", "text": "Lohgara (Allahabad): More than a century old idol of Lord Shiva atop Nandi, installed in an old temple, are drinking water, milk, Gangajal in the small village of Lohgara in Bara since Sunday morning, drawing a huge crowd of devotees and curious onlookers.More than 150 years old temple is situated near a small hillock at Lohgara village, 33 kms from the district headquarters. The idol of Shiva and unicorn Nandi, is perched precariously on the corner overlooking the ground and share space with the main deity, a local Goddess, Lohgara Devi.The strange phenomenon was first seen by a teenaged girl, Baby, who went to offer 'Gangajal' to the idol with her siblings. The girl noticed that the idol of Shiva and Nandi were lapping up Gangajal through the mouth without shedding a drop of it on the ground.Stunned with disbelief, the girl reported the matter with a village elder Ram Sanehi Mishra, who rushed to the spot with another local Devi Deen Dwivedi.They also tried the same experiment and found to their utter surprise that both the idols were gulping Gangajal and water offered to them.Mishra told TOI that that upon hearing the news, thousands of people started gathering at the spot to offer water, Gangajal and milk as oblations and the idols of Shiva and Nandi did not disappoint them as every drop of these items were consumed by the two.The village with a total population of around 5,000 is inhabited predominantly by Brahmins and Kushwahas and is situated 3 kms from Allahabad-Banda highway.The villagers led by gram pradhan Ravinder Singh and Ramsanehi Mishra are distributing 'batashas' as 'prasad' to devotees and an Kkhand Ramayan path is scheduled to be organised in the evening, said Asha Devi, a local resident.Director, Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad (IIIT-A) M D Tiwari said that science tries to find out the causes of such strange phenomenon, still there are some things, which despite happening around, have no explanation. This is where supernatural forces gain ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14987840", "title": "Gang in police net for online fraud", "text": "MUMBAI: The Kurla police recently arrested four members of a gang that befriended people employed with mobile service providers and allegedly got details of corporate companies that made cheque payment for their monthly mobile bills.The gang used the cheque details like company name, account number and signature of the company officials to make fake letterhead of the company and then applied for a company chequebook.One of the gang members would present himself as an employee of the company and collect the cheque book and credit details of the company.The gang, which has committed 10 fraud cases in Mumbai and Pune in the last five years, gathered information through newspapers about the methods to be followed to execute banking fraud.\"The money they minted through fraud was used to buy 10 gold biscuits each weigh 100 grams worth Rs27 lakh. Interestingly the gang did research on articles on banking fraud that was published in leading English daily,\" said deputy commissioner of police (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni.The fraud came to light after the Apex Technoplast Pvt Limited, Apna Sahakari Bank and Indian Overseas Bank lodged complaints with the Kurla police on November 11, 2011.Based on the complaint, Kulkarni instructed Kurla police senior inspector LC Bhalerao to supervise the investigation team of sub-inspector Prakash Pashe and detection staff and arrested one of the gang members Densel Davis Chundgal (28) last week.On July 9, the Kurla police got custody of Pradeep Pillay (32) from Pune police. The other two gang members Bablu Mishra and Sunil Raul were arrested last month and are in Thane jail.\"Chundgal said that all of them are schoolmates and school dropouts. They planned the offence to earn money through short-cut. They planned to invest the money earned in buying gold. Different role was assign to each member of the gang,\" said Pashe.Police have managed to seize the gold biscuits the gang purchased fraudulently.All the fourt have been booked for cheating and forgery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "14972393", "title": "MLA aid for kidney treatment", "text": "RAMGARH: Local MLA Yogendra Sao from Barkagaon Hazaribag has arranged for medical treatment of a resident of Sundar Nagar locality whose both kidneys failed. Doctors at the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) in Ranchi said since both the kidneys of Deepak Soni had failed he needed kidney transplant. Soni's financial condition, however, did not allow him to afford a transplant.After reading about Soni's condition in the local vernacular newspapers, Sao visited his house and took the patient to Delhi for treatment. \"He will be admitted to All India Institute of Medical Sciences in New Delhi where he will undergo detailed check-up and necessary treatment will be arranged,\" Sao said The Jindal Steel and Power Limited (JSPL) has also sanctioned Rs 20,000 for treatment of Soni.Plant head Sanjay Sharma said JSPL has given a small amount to the family under its corporate social responsibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14969056", "title": "Chocolate alert: Watch your child's tooth", "text": "LUDHIANA: Kids and chocolate are almost always pictured together but dentists in the city don't think it is cute at all as they send out a chocolate alert saying that the number of children complaining of cavities is rapidly increasing.Pooja Malhotra and Mukti Kapoor will vouch that the doctor's word is best heeded. A homemaker from BRS Nagar, Pooja said her 8-year-old son Lakshya Malhotra complained of a cavity a year ago and had to be stopped from binging on sweets and chocolates. \"He used to eat chocolates and other sweets almost every day. The dentist we consulted told us that excessive sweets were damaging Lakshya's teeth. He told me to ensure that he takes lesser sweets and maintains oral hygiene. Since then I have been strictly monitoring what he eats and allow him to eat chocolate only about once a week,\" said Pooja.Mukti, who stays in Civil Lines, said her six-and-half-year-old son Vyom developed early childhood caries. \"Like most other children, Vyom also had the tendency to gorge on sweets and packed food like chips. When he developed caries, we sought the help of a dentist who told us to reduce his intake of sweets and packed foods and pay attention to his oral hygiene maintained. Now he doesn't eat as many sweets and brushes his teeth after every meal,\" she added.Dr Abi M Thomas, principal of Christian Dental College and head of paediatric dentistry department, said these cases of kids below 10 years old complaining of tooth problems are not isolated ones. \"Chocolates and other sweets taken frequently and in excess are one of the main factors for tooth problems among children in the city. Sticky food like burgers, wafers and chips also contributes to destroying teeth enamel which can further lead to decay of tooth. It is faster for children who neglect oral hygiene as their enamel is not hard and more susceptible,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14975862", "title": "Kerala lottery row: Director refers matter to crime branch", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The case of Kishan Chand, a resident of Haryana who was protesting outside the secretariat, claiming that the state was denying him the prize money of the lottery he won, took a new turn after the lottery director referred the matter to the crime branch.\"The matter has been referred to the crime branch, after the agent who is claiming to have sold the prize winning ticket, complained that Kishan Chand has taken Rs 7 lakhs from him and he is claiming three more,\" state lottery director Biju Prabhakar told TOI.\"After I mentioned to the lottery agent that the case will be referred to the police as we feel that something shady is going on, Kishan Chand also is absconding,\" Biju said.He said the lottery agent had no obligation to pay any sum to the person who has won the prize. Out of the Rs one crore prize money, the agent is eligible for Rs 10 lakh from the lottery department. The winner would receive Rs 63 lakh after deducting the income tax.\"Even when there is no obligation on the part of the agent to pay the winner any sum, he says has given him Rs 7 lakh. When already many fraudulent cases are being probed by police, we feel that this one also has to be looked into,\" he said.The crime branch is currently probing more than 50 cases of malpractices in the lottery sector after several media reports alleged that there was a huge racket operating outside the state.Kishan Chand, a textile merchant from Panipat, had alleged that the state lottery department has been denying him prize money of Rs one crore he won from the draw of Karunya lottery of the state government. He said that despite submitting all relevant documents, the authorities declined his claim saying that he was a resident of another state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14968875", "title": "BJP projects Brig Usman to better its secular image", "text": "LUCKNOW: They may be backroom boys of the Bharatiya Janata Party and generally work behind the curtains. But, on Sunday, as the saffron party geared up to enrol more members into its fold, this lot of the backroom boys, took up the challenge to integrate more youngsters hailing from various minority communities with the saffron party. Sunday also gave them a perfect occasion, as it marked the birth anniversary of Brigadier Mohd Usman, who was awarded Maha Vir Chakra posthumously.Giving more details about their plan of action, Nadim Akhtar, general secretary of state BJP's minority wing, said, \"The month-long membership drive, which started on July 15 and will culminate on August 15, will attempt to integrate at least 2,000 youngsters of minority communities at each district headquarters. Secondly, the date - July 15, 2012 is special for us, as it marks the 100th birth anniversary of Brigadier Mohd Usman, who was awarded Maha Vir Chakra for displaying exemplary courage in the 1947-48 Jammu &amp; Kashmir invasion by Pakistani-backed terrorists.\"The general secretary also said that the party is thinking to focus especially on Azamgarh, as it was in Azamgarh's Bibipur, where India's valiant soldier was born on July 15, 1912.Terming the MVC awardee as 'a symbol of India's inclusive secularism', another state functionary of UP BJP, Hero Bajpai, said that it is not only in Azamgarh, but also in other parts of the state that the party would cite the supreme sacrifices of Brigadier Usman to motivate youngsters, while enrolling them into the party fold.Brigadier Mohammed Usman was the commander of the 50 Independent Para Brigade, which was raised in 1945. During the 1947-48 Jammu &amp; Kashmir invasion by Pakistani-backed terrorists, the enemy's build up in the southern sector was heavy and fast. The heaviest battles took place in and around Naushera, Poonch and Rajouri. Brigadier Usman was given a difficult task of keeping the Line of Control, Akhnoor-Beripattan-Jhangar-Naushera, secure. Worse, this border was open, porous and full of an extremely aggressive and cruel enemy, which consisted of a deadly combination of the regular Pakistan Army units and the raiders in civilian clothing. Brigadier Usman, thus, was fighting against great odds.However, Usman was a fighter to the core and considered every action a matter of personal honour and took every difficult task as a personal challenge. An inspiring leader and a tremendous motivator of men, he always achieved success beyond the call of duty from his troops. He was also innovative and benevolent. He supported 158 orphan children found abandoned and famished in Naushera from his meagre rations.Later he formed these children into the famous 'Balak Sena' (Children's Army) of his and deployed them to run errands as messenger boys or as carriers of food &amp; supplies in the theatre of war, in the rear lines.Brigadier Usman defended Naushera. His fiery leadership resulted in major defeat of the enemy at and around Naushera with 2,000 casualties (about 1000 dead and 1000 wounded), while he suffered only 33 casualties and 102 of his soldiers were wounded. He continued ahead blazing a trail of glory. However, the brave soldier died after a direct hit during enemy shelling on his command post at Matlasi in Jhangar sector on July 3, 1948.The 'Lion of Naushera' was commissioned in the Baluch Regiment. When Baluch Regiment was allotted to Pakistan, Brig Usman decided to stay in India and was transferred to the Dogra Regiment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14971311", "title": "Pakistan Peoples Party, opposition zero in on Asma as caretaker PM?", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's ruling PPP and main opposition PML-N are close to striking a deal on naming a consensus caretaker premier, with top lawyer Asma Jahangir's candidature \"under serious consideration\", and finalising a date for polls to be held before year-end, a media report said on Sunday.Amidst intense speculation regarding the outcome of the confrontation between the government and the judiciary, which may see a second premier losing his post, Pakistan's two largest political parties \"are quietly but rapidly finalising an agreement\", The Express Tribune quoted its sources as saying.Abdullah Hussain Haroon, the Pakistan's envoy to the United Nations, and leading lawyer Asma Jahangir , ex-president of the supreme court bar association, are being seen as candidates for the post of caretaker PM in a set-up that will oversee the election, the report said.Jahangir's candidature is \"under serious consideration\" while Haroon is being seen as a \"soft, back-up option\", according to the report. The two parties have been holding discussions in private though they continue to criticize each other in public and in the media. The discussions between the PPP and PML-N will be crucial for the first transition from one popularly elected government to another in Pakistan's history.The daily said key sources in the top leadership of both parties had confirmed that talks on caretaker PM candidates and a date for the election were in \"advanced stages\".The SC has set July 25 as the deadline for PM Raja Pervez Ashraf to approach Swiss authorities to reopen graft cases against President Asif Ali Zardari. It had earlier convicted Ashraf's predecessor, ex-PM Yousaf Raza %Gilani, of contempt and disqualified him for refusing to revive the cases. Legal experts believe Ashraf too could be disqualified due to the government's insistence that the cases cannot be reopened because of the constitutional immunity enjoyed by Zardari.A member of the inner circle of PML-N chief Nawaz Sharif refused to deny or confirm the names of Jahangir and Haroon as candidates for caretaker premier for the post of caretaker premier and \"advised patience for the short term\". He said, \"Wait for two weeks and a lot will be clear, as well as some good news for all.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "durban", "code": "14994273", "title": "Sharmila finishes 36th at South African Open", "text": "Durban: Sharmila Nicollet had an eventful weekend as she played rounds of 75 and 78 to finish tied 36th at the South African Women's Open in what was only the second cut she made this season on the Ladies European Tour.It was a tough final day with winds hitting the Selbourne Golf Club. At its strongest, the wind raged at 81km/h and forced a one-hour delay of the tee-off time.Germany's Caroline Masson was remarkably composed as she beat the field and the conditions to claim her maiden victory on the Ladies European Tour.Sharmila, who was hit by poor form and injuries, had a first round of 75 and then on second day, she struck five birdies, all on the front nine.She also had six bogeys and one double bogey. Four bogeys and a double bogey came on the back-nine.In the final round, Sharmila sank in four birdies, six bogeys and two double bogeys in her 78 that saw her drop to 36th.Smriti Mehra, who also made the cut, was tied 62nd with rounds of 80, 79 and 80.Winner Masson closed with a bogey-free 70 to win on one-under 215, a stroke clear of South Africa's Lee-Anne Pace and England's Danielle Montgomery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14972629", "title": "J&K; stadium hosts football match after 25-year gap", "text": "SRINAGAR: With a sense of peace prevailing in Kashmir, around thirty thousand people gathered in Bakshi Stadium on Sunday to watch a football match between Mohammedan Sporting Club, Kolkata and JK-XI after twenty five years.The government on July 4 had decided to organize a couple of goodwill matches between the two teams at Srinagar first and then in Leh on July 18.The spectators were thrilled to see the hosts win 3-1 against one of the best football clubs of the country. \"Today's victory has really encouraged the young and upcoming football players in Kashmir,\" said Mehraj Wadoo, the captain of the JK-XI team.Abdul Gaffar Dar, 67, travelled all the way from Nawa Kadal in downtown to watch the football match. \"It reminded me of my old days when I used to see every football match either in polo ground at Maulana Azad Road or at Bakshi Stadium. I was thrilled to see our young boys on the ground chasing the ball like tigers,\" Gaffar Dar said.J&K; State Sports Council in collaboration with J&K; Football Association in 2007 had organized the Santosh Trophy but the police had a tough time in controlling the crowd at Polo ground. The Sunday goodwill match went off peacefully. CM Omar Abdullah also watched the match.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14974359", "title": "Turn passion into profession", "text": "He worked with Bollywood director Ram Gopal Varma but soon realised that he preferred the outdoors to the indoor politics of the film industry. Gaurav Jani, also known as Bhatku (wanderer), gave up the glamour of Bollywood for the dirt track. \"I come from a typical middle-class family, where the expectation is that the son will become a doctor or an engineer. The focus was always on academics, and there was very little travelling when I was growing up in Gujarat,\" says Jani.While scouting for locations for the film Jungle, Jani discovered the beauty of the outdoors. \"I was given a car and loads of money. I drove through the jungles and was struck by the beauty and tranquillity. Very different from the sights and sounds of urban life; it was a revelation for me. I felt a strong connection to Nature and was keen to explore further.\"Jani completed the film as he was the chief assistant director and then decided to quit the film industry. \"I wanted to simply travel. I did not have enough money to buy a car, so I bought an Enfield. A bike allows you more freedom to travel and also brings you closer to Nature.\"He is the founder of Dirt Track Productions and founder-member of 60kph, Motorcycle Travel Club India. \"When I watched travel programmes on TV, I felt they lacked spontaneity, because they were so well-scripted . To me, travel is something unstructured, unplanned and spontaneous. So, I decided to connect filmmaking and travelling.\"His debut film, Riding Solo to the Top of the World, was critically acclaimed and won several awards. So did his next film One Crazy Ride. Both the films are about motorcycle expeditions through some of the most remote, scenic and rugged terrain in the world providing a mix of adventure, culture and exploration.Riding Solo... covers Jani's motorcycle journey from Mumbai to one of the remotest places in the world \u2014 Changthang Plateau in Ladakh, bordering China . A one-man film unit, he films the landscape he crosses and the people he interacts with. One Crazy Ride is a motorcycle expedition of five friends on uncharted roads across the Himalayan state of Arunachal Pradesh, shot in the same format as Riding Solo... with no back-up vehicle or film crew. His next film Motorcycle Chang pa is due for release next year.In his first film, Riding Solo..., Jani came across 'Chang pa' \u2014 nomadic people living in the Changthang, a high altitude desert in the Himalayas. Spending two months with them, sharing their tents and travelling together earned him the name 'Motorcycle Chang pa.' Looking back, Jani feels that Riding Solo... is a bit incomplete, as it does not show Changthang in the winters, when the Chang pas have to endure the - 40 degree celsius temperature and highspeed wind. So, Motorcycle Chang pa, a one-year journey in Changthang, is likely to be the much awaited sequel to his incomplete story.Jani does not believe in following the well-trodden path but charts his own. He admits it's not always easy and that life can be a struggle, especially since there is little money. But as he points out, \"We all have choices and you have to decide for yourself what gives you happiness, what would you prefer doing?\" In his case, Jani found a corporate life more stressful and opted to work on his own terms so that he is able to pursue his passion for travelling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14994497", "title": "Fame opened my eyes to friendship: Esha", "text": "From Miss India to a model to actress Esha Gupta is no newcomer to fame and spotlight. \"But,\" says the pretty actress, \"fame opened my eyes to friendship and its real meaning! I come from a middle class background - my dad was in the Air Force and because of transfers we often moved to different cities. Therefore, making friends was never an issue with me. However, when I came to Bollywood and was doing my first film, I realised how friendships can change with fame and of course time.\"Speaking of Jannat 2 , Esha says, \"Till I was shooting for the film I had many 'so called friends' who'd keep up with me on the progress of the film etc. However, the buzz the film just before the release and after was phenomenal. It was a talked about film and I was being talked about too. And that's when some calls of 'friends' stopped coming, I started hearing unpleasant things about myself etc etc. Only a few buddies didn't change and that's when I could sift between real and false friendships.\"So, is B-town a place where you can have true friendships? Says Esha, \"Why not? Friendship's about the person not the setting! I have met good people here and many among them are my best friends.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14973647", "title": "PA Sangma harps on history to support victory claim", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Presidential nominee PA Sangma on Sunday claimed that he would win the race to Raisina Hill by drawing parallels with the polls in 1969. \"This fight is going to be like the one in 1969 when V V Giri defeated the official Congress candidate, Neelam Sanjeeva Reddy,\" he told MPs and MLAs of the ruling BJD.The former Lok Sabha speaker was in Bhubaneswar to canvass for the July 19 polls. He also addressed a separate meeting of BJP legislators.He said the 2012 polls had another similarity with the contest between Giri and Reddy. \"In the past, people did not know about what was going on in the Presidential election except for in 1969. This time too, it has gone beyond the lawmakers. There is lot of interest among the general public and this kind of involvement is unbelievable.\"Sangma claimed that as many as 18 political parties have extended support to him as of now. \"Many other parties are internally supporting us. Some will announce their support soon. Others may not formally make an announcement, but I assure you that they are with us,\" he said.The tribal leader cited examples of Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi confiding to him about people asking MLAs to vote for Sangma or face rejection in the next Assembly election.\"When Congress announced Pranab's candidature, people had started laughing at time, terming that it was going to be a token fight. But when BJP took the decision to support me, Congress became nervous,\" he said.Talking to mediapersons later, Sangma said the Presidential polls was not on party lines and MLAs and MPs will caste their votes according to their conscience. \"It's going to be a historic fight,\" he said.Sangma said the ongoing fight for the country's top position has given rise to emergence of new political trends. Neither the UPA nor the NDA were the same after announcement of candidates. On political rivals BJP and BJD both supporting his candidature, Sangma said such a situation has emerged in most parts of the country. Arch rivals Samajwadi Party (SP) and Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) in Uttar Pradesh will vote for the same candidate. Similarly, opposition Left parties in West Bengal and Congress will be together in voting for Pranab.Also on Sunday, chief minister Naveen Patnaik , who was the first to propose Sangma's name for the President's post, sought to assert that regional parties were taking a lead in raising national issues. \"It is interesting that regional parties are taking a lead in raising people's hopes,\" the CM told a gathering of his party colleagues that after he proposed Sangma's name for the country's top post on May 17, Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalithaa had come forward to back his nominee. Other parties such as the BJP, AGP and the Akali Dal followed suit, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14968502", "title": "Laila Khan\u2019s jewellery worth Rs 25L missing", "text": "MUMBAI: Parvez Ahmed Tak (32) may have confessed to killing starlet Laila Khan and five of her family members but he continues to maintain that he did not take their jewellery, believed to be worth over Rs 25 lakh. Cops, however, are not buying Tak's claim and suspect that he handed over the missing ornaments to his first wife in Kashmir.Tak, who had married Laila's mother Saleena Patel in 2010, has reportedly told the police that he only took Rs 35,000 from the starlet's purse. He claims he did not find any gold ornaments in Laila's purse or at her Igatpuri farmhouse and Oshiwara flat. The family members were killed in Igatpuri. Laila's relatives and friends had told the police that the family possessed many pieces of gold jewellery.Tak told the investigators that he and his accomplice went to Laila's Oshiwara flat after killing the family to fetch her two Persian cats.\"Tak said he went there because he did not want the cats to die in the flat. Had the cats died, the stench would have alerted the neighbours. He claims he did not find the cats in the flat,\" an officer told TOI. \"In a bid to wipe out all evidence linking him to the murdered family, Tak removed his photographs from the family's albums,\" the officer added.Tak claims that robbery was not the motive and that he didn't even remove gold ornaments from the bodies of his victims. He reportedly killed Laila and her relatives because he disapproved of their un-Islamic lifestyles. He was also upset with the family's decision to relocate to Dubai without him.\"Tak said he had a total of Rs 85,000, including the Rs 50,000 Saleena had given him to construct an underground water tank. Tak claims the remaining Rs 35,000 were from Laila's purse,\" the officer said. According to Tak, he spent Rs 35,000 of the Rs 85,000 on purchasing fuel for Laila's two cars so that he could take them to Kashmir and sell them at throwaway prices. Tak reportedly spent Rs 23,000 on purchasing fuel for one of the cars, an Outlander, as it had a poor mileage.Cops believe Tak is lying. \"Upon reaching Kashmir, he gave Rs 15,000 each to the two drivers and Rs 15,000 to his aide Shakir Hussain,\" said an officer. Tak stayed in Hotel Asia at Kshitwar with his first wife Yasmin for 15 days. \"Once the money was over, he asked Yasmin to go to her parent's house and told her he was going to his uncle's shop in Nepal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14987498", "title": "Musical extravaganza", "text": "Rock met groove at The Basement,Hotel Samilton,on Thursday.DJ Hardik took to the console,spinning some mindblowing numbers at the turntable, while Cassinis Division belted out popular rock hits to the crowd.At the do,we spotted actor Ankita looking red-hot in a sari,with her hair pulled back.Also spotted was singer-songwriter Anushree,vocalist for young indie band Ashmaan.Cute couple Amrita and Siddhartha made for a pretty picture as they enjoyed the musical potpourri at the lounge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14970052", "title": "Collection of waste comes to a standstill", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The waste collection in the city is in doldrums with Kudumbasree members, the backbone of door-to-door waste collection, deciding to stay away from work.The workers took the drastic step after the corporation asked each Kudumbasree unit to pay Rs 14,000 as annual insurance premium for the 100 vehicles purchased for waste collection. The most-affected areas in the city are Kottuli, West Hill, Chungam and Athanikka. In many places, the frequency of waste collection has come down to once in a week.The dwindling number of workers had already led to staff shortage. Corporation office data shows that the number of workers engaged in collecting waste has fallen from 750 in 2000 to 320 in 2012. In the start, there were 71 units with 10 members each.Now not only has the number of units come down to 63, but the number of members in each unit too has fallen to 2-3. Kudumbasree workers say this has increased the per person share of premium for the vehicle to unaffordable levels. Yashoda Babu, leader of Varakkal Kudumbasree, said the workers have sought the help of the corporation to pay the insurance premium.The recent civic body order asking the workers not collect non-segregated waste from houses too has hampered waste collection in city. Many of city residents have now started dumping wastes in plastic bags on the pocket roads of the city.Meanwhile, rise in ailments among workers engaged in waste collection too has led to many quitting their job. A study carried out among 424 members of 68 Kudumbasree units in 55 wards by the department of community medicine, Kozhikode Medical College, in 2010 had shown that 181 of them were suffering from Chikungunya , a mosquito-borne viral disease. Nearly 156 members had various skin diseases.P T Valsalan, president of the Chaithanya Residents' Association, Edakkadu-Athanikkal, said the forum has written to the civic body asking it to find a solution to waste collection in the wake workers of staying away from waste collection.Meanwhile, health standing committee chairperson Janamma Kunjunni said the committee with the help of social welfare standing committee will find a way to resolve the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14967314", "title": "'Nail Art' finds mention in Golden Book", "text": "INDORE: A city-based youth has made the city proud for his innovative art work. Meet thirty-year-old Wajid Khan , whose paintings speak volumes about his art. He has specialized in carving canvas with nails to produce a beautiful piece of art and adding new dimension to the field of art. Recognizing his outstanding 'Nail Art', Wajid was named in the Golden Book of World Records (GBWR) recently, which is the exclusive book, offering a platform to those having hidden talent or untapped potential.\"It is a proud moment for me that people have recognized my art work and given me space in GBWR. I will soon be doing few exhibitions abroad for which I have got invitation,\" said Wajid. So far, I have made six nail paintings since 2005. It takes around eight months to make one painting, he added.From being a rugby player, animator and inventor, Wajid has also carved his niche in doing things differently. Now, he is a famous nail-portraist. It took two-and-half years of hard work to get an expertise in this form of art. Among his other works includes 200 of his inventions, which are yet to be patented. He invented world's smallest 'electric-Iron', just when he was studying in V standard. It was named in the Guinness Book of World Record. He has been awarded thrice by the former president APJ Abdul Kalam .Sharing his journey, he said that now he aims to pass his skills on to the next generation. \"I started doing work in early childhood. I have done numerous art works and now I am teaching this art to a group so that they start developing vision to do things differently and come up with new ideas and make city and nation proud,\" said Wajid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14969605", "title": "Project to provide mobile stalls for vendors hits roadblock", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Almost a year since the corporation announced an ambitious project to give a new face to the street vendors in the city, the civic body is still on the lookout for companies to implement the scheme. The project was to recognize street vending as legitimate means of livelihood in compliance with the central government policy and to distribute mobile stalls for street vendors.However, till date the corporation has not been able to zero in on a single company to provide the mobile stalls. \"We tried out various designs and finalized on a design prepared by an official of Thiruvananthapuram Road Development Company Limited (TRDCL). Although we floated tenders for supplying the models, only five companies turned up,\" said welfare standing committee chairman Palayam Rajan.It is learnt that the corporation is yet to give a final shape for the proposal, which is forcing the companies for a rethought. \"Unless you lay down the norms and provisions regarding project estimate and cost clearly, none of the companies would take up the project. Also the garbage crisis has affected the project as the ruling council is keener on waste management rather than on any of the projects,\" said an official . The delay in the implementation of the scheme has meant that street vending continues to pose a major problem for both pedestrians and vehicular traffic. \"Even the idea to issue licences to the street vendors has not made much progress. Even if the project to rehabilitate street vendors is to be implemented, the corporation should finalize the list of eligible vendors,\" an official revealed.The corporation had also planned to issue health cards for the vendors. Besides, the mobile stalls were to be equipped with a solid waste collection unit. \"We are trying to identify the company as soon as possible. The basic concept is to ensure street vending in clean, hygienic conditions,\" added Rajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14972534", "title": "Store made to pay for selling inferior furniture", "text": "MUMBAI: Selling substandard furniture has cost a Thane-based store dearly. A consumer forum recently ordered Wood Concept to compensate a customer after the dining set he purchased from the shop turned out to be worth less than half the price and caused him a back injury.Holding Wood Concept guilty of deficiency in service and unfair trade practice, the Thane District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum directed it to refund Dattatray Kamat the cost of the dinner set, Rs 16,500, and additionally pay him Rs 15,000 as compensation for mental agony and towards the cost of litigation.Chiding stores for selling such products, the forum observed, \"It is seen that nowadays low quality goods made in India, which are not assembled properly, are represented as imported to induce customers to purchase them. The prices are kept very competitive and low to lure customers.\"Thane resident Kamat bought an \"imported Italian marble\" dining table along with four chairs for Rs 16,500 from Wood Concept on June 19, 2008. At the time of the purchase he was told that the set was made of Shisham wood and Italian marble top. However in September 2008, according to Kamat, while he was seated on one of the chairs, he had a serious fall. Kamat contended he suffered a back injury and had to undergo medical treatment that cost him Rs 2,000.The matter was reported to the store, which sent a carpenter. During repairs, when the furniture was turned upside down, Kamat noticed that instead of Shisham wood, ordinary Deodar wood had been used. Suspecting foul play, he called another carpenter and had the furniture inspected.The carpenter found that the table's four legs were hollow and, therefore, could not support an Italian marble top weighing about 20 kg. The marble too turned out to be lower-quality flat Kota ladi. Kamat alleged the estimated value would not be above Rs 5,000.He asked for the furniture to be replaced, failing which he wanted a refund. When the store did not relent, Kamat filed a complaint with the forum on January 18, 2010. But the store did not respond to the notices with respect to the complaint. Following this, the forum decided to pass an idea ex parte. The forum said, \"After appreciating all the documentary evidence...we are of the...view that there is substantial...truth in the contentions raised by the complainant.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14968117", "title": "'Centre doing enough to get Indians out of Pak jails'", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Public Interest Litigation seeking direction to the Centre to take steps for setting free more than 50 Indians lodged in Pakistani jails has been dismissed by the Delhi high court, which said that \"the government of India continues its effort to release them\".Advocate and human rights activist Madangopal Khushiram Paul had filed two PILs seeking release of Indian prisoners and also compensation for them.Dismissing the PILs, a bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw accepted the Centre's submission that all possible steps in this regard have been taken with Islamabad at all levels.\"...We therefore do not find any merit in these petitions. The same are dismissed. We, however, implore the government of India to continue its efforts for release of these persons,\" the bench said while accepting the argument that the government has implemented the NHRC's directions passed in 2007.The court also dismissed the petitioner's plea for compensation to the prisoners who have been released from Pakistan's jails.The court accepted the Centre's argument that none of the prisoners was either a soldier or government of India employee and it was not binding on the Centre to pay compensation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "14991593", "title": "Farooq agrees to Obama's views on Kashmir", "text": "SRINAGAR: Union minister Farooq Abdullah agrees with US President Barack Obama that only India and Pakistan should resolve the long-standing issue of Kashmir.\"What Obama has said, we knew it right from the beginning... if Kashmir issue is to be resolved, it has to be done by India and Pakistan,\" Abdullah said here on Monday.He said the Centre has always maintained that Kashmir is a bilateral issue between New Delhi and Islamabad and hence needs to be addressed by the two countries.The National Conference president, however, expressed disappointment over the delay in resolving the issue.Ruling out any solution from \"outside\" to the issue of Jammu and Kashmir , Obama had on Sunday underlined that disputes between India and Pakistan can only be resolved by the two countries themselves.On remarks by the US president about the investment climate in India, Abdullah said Washington wanted New Delhi to open up its insurance and banking sectors for FDI.\"We have some compulsions as India has a coalition government. Some coalition partners do not want these sectors to be opened up for FDI as it will affect their vote bank,\" he said, lamenting that the parties do not understand that investments were key to India's progress.\"The Prime Minister will have to take harsh steps that will be beneficial for India's progress in the long run,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14968048", "title": "Death in jail: Court orders fresh inquiry", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has ordered a fresh inquiry into a Rohini jail inmate's death after National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) raised questions about the diagnosis of the victim's ailment.Chief Metropolitan Magistrate Vinod Yadav directed a magisterial court, which had conducted the inquest into jail inmate Om Prakash's death, to report if proper diagnosis with respect to his ailment was carried out and if a proper treatment was provided to him.\"Let a copy of inquest proceedings along with a copy of NHRC letter be sent to the magisterial court with direction to file its report inter alia, specifying therein if proper diagnosis in respect of ailment of Om Prakash was carried out and the treatment provided,\" the CMM said while fixing July 16 as the date for submitting the report.The court also said that the metropolitan magistrate looking into the matter \"is at liberty to seek the opinion of the doctor concerned and is even authorized to visit the hospital for his report.\"The CMM gave the directions on the letter sent from NHRC on June 12 asking for the magistrate's comments on the matter. Prakash was lodged in Rohini jail and was facing trial for various offences under IPC, including culpable homicide.The NHRC letter said, \"The death summary of the deceased submitted by the medical officer/in-charge, district jail, Rohini, reveals that deceased had on September 3 and September 17, 2009, made complaints of chest pain and gave history of chest pain for last two years.\"The NHRC said it is not apparent from records if proper diagnosis was carried out and proper treatment provided to the patient during his stay in jail between March 22, 2009, and September 29, 2009, and that the magisterial enquiry report did not consider this aspect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14968909", "title": "BJP seeks to gain foothold in Uttar Pradesh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bharatiya Janata Party began its membership drive on Sunday in all the assembly constituencies of the state. Senior BJP leaders of each assembly and parliamentary constituency and respective and districts have been assigned the duty of ensuring a successful membership drive, which will continue for a month.State BJP president Dr Laxmikant Bajpayi urged party leaders to encourage youngsters, women and members from the weaker section of the society to become the party members. Addressing the membership drive in Kanpur, Kannauj and Lucknow, Dr Bajpayi said that the people of the state are now fed up with the bad governance of UPA at Centre and Samajwadi Party government in the state. While on the one hand, people are suffering because of price rise courtesy UPA government at Centre, on the other hand crime graph has seen a steep rise and law and order situation in the state has crippled.He termed the Akhilesh Yadav government as communal, while hinting towards various doles being offered to members of a particular community including Rs 30,000 to girls as scholarship.Party's vice-president and MLA from Lucknow (east) Kalraj Misra said that people from all walks of life are joining BJP and claimed that saffron organisation is the only one which was taking up public related issues from the streets to Parliament. MP from Lucknow Lalji Tandon said that the membership drive will continue till August 15.On the occasion, state party spokesperson Hriday Narayan Dixit said that impressed with the ideology and strategy of the party, thousands of people have shown interest in joining the BJP. He said BJP is the only party which carries out membership drive and added that it was on the basis of the members' strength that the party has actually been able to establish its identity.He said that leaders like Vinay Katiyar are looking after Katehri assembly constituency, former BJP president Surya Pratap Shahi Patthardeva in Deoria, Lok Sabha MP Yogi Adityanath Gorakhpur and Kesarinath Tripathi in Allahabad etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14970315", "title": "Schools in district to have their own disaster management plans", "text": "PUNE: Twenty municipal schools from Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad, 130 secondary schools and 50 primary schools from 13 talukas in the district will soon have to prepare a Disaster Management (DM) plan each, as part of the National School Safety Programme (NSSP) to be implemented by the District Disaster Management Cell.The DM plan would include identification of non-structural and structural weaknesses/risks in the school building, constitution of the school DM committees and its role, school maps with evacuation plans, steps to be followed to conduct mock drills in case of an earth quake and fire, apart from listing mitigation measures such as periodic fire and electric audits, among other things.The programme, which will be implemented at a cost of Rs 1.40 crore, will also involve training 500 teachers in these schools on disaster preparedness and safety measures.Vitthal Banote, district disaster management officer, said, \"In all, 200 public schools have been listed for the implementation of the NSSP. This is a centrally-sponsored demonstration project to be implemented across various districts in the country, including Pune and Satara in Maharashtra, which fall in seismic zone 4. Among other things, three teachers (one headmaster and two teachers) will be trained and expected to prepare the DM plans for their schools.\"The district disaster management cell will then review and approve of the DM plans prepared by schools, apart from distributing school disaster preparedness kits to all of the 200 schools selected. In addition, one school from the state will be selected for structural retrofitting.The structural safety of the school building would be assessed by engineersfrom the public works department or hazard safety cell.\"Based on the assessment report, structural retrofitting requirements would be identified and the actual retrofitting will be carried out as per the guideliness framed on the subject by the National Disaster Management Authority,\" said Banote.He said the school DM plan will include a hazard and risk vulnerability assessment. \"This will involve identification of the various vulnerable areas in the school building as well as the probable risks arising out of structural and non-structural elementsFor identifying these weaknesses in the building, a committee may be constituted consisting members of the school administration, officer from the nearest fire station, health workers and engineers from the municipal corporation, etc,\" he said.The committee can also identify hazards outside the school campus, such as those related to road/traffic or industrial hazards.\"Also, a school level disaster management committee along with sub-committees will have to be constituted to ensure better preparedness and response in disasters,\" he said.In addition, these schools will be expected to build up a resource inventory inside and outside school campus to be used during a disaster situation, updating of important telephone numbers, critical health problem record of each child, and action plan for conducting mock drills. All of this will have to be listed in the DM plan,\" he said.The schools will also develop a school DM kit which may include stretcher, ladder, thick rope, torch, first-aid box, fire extinguishers and the like.Schools will also have to list in the plan, the non-structural mitigation measures to be undertaken along with timeline, such as anchorage of almirahs, clearance of the exit routes, relocation of the storage of laboratory items, installation of warning alarms, apart from undertaking periodic fire and electrical safety checks involving officials from relevant government departments.\"The district disaster management cell will periodically monitor the implementation of these measures in the selected schools,\" said Banote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14970244", "title": "Two teens drown off Murudeshwar beach", "text": "MANGALORE: Two teenaged boys drowned in Murudeshwar, 160 km from here, on Sunday. Mohammed Husaain, 16, and Dadu Saab, 17 both from Kurugunda of Byadagi town, Haveri district had come in a group of 14 persons to Murudeshwar at 2.30pm after visiting Jog Falls in Shimoga.While some of the group members went to visit a nearby temple, the boys came to the beach for swimming and drowned, police said. The bodies of the victims are not yet recovered.Meanwhile, local fishermen managed to save another boy hailing from Bangalore. Niriksh Jain, 19, a student from JP Nagar, Bangalore had come to the beach along with nine others on Sunday. He stepped into the sea for a swim and was washed away by a big wave. Seeing this, local fishermen jumped into the sea and saved him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "deoghar", "code": "14972413", "title": "Heavy rush expected at Baidyanath temple", "text": "DEOGHAR: More than four lakh devotees are expected to arrive here on Monday to offer prayers at the Lord Shiva temple. Seeking the blessings of the almighty on Mondays during the holy month of Shrawan is considered very auscipious.The \"kanwariyas (pilgrims)\" stand in long queues for several hours to offer holy Ganga water to Lord Shiva. On Sunday evening thousands of kanwariyas waited for about 24 hours, but could not offer prayers to the lord.The Deoghar district administration has been intimated about the visit of around 3 lakh devotees by its counterpart in Bhagalpur district of Bihar. The local administration also expects arrival of around 1 lakh more \"random\" devotees. In an official communication, Bhagalpur district administration has informed the administration here that 3 lakh people (in last four days) have taken water from Ganga river in Sultanganj and have moved towards Deoghar.The information has made the district administration anxious. \"Such a huge number of devotees is likely to create problems on Monday and we are preparing to make it a smooth affair,\" Deoghar SP Subodh Prasad said. However, devotees are not worried and are willing to stand in long queues. Bhim Singh , a devotee from Amethi (UP), who had been standing in a queue for the last 24 hours, said: \"It is a test. The more you are troubled, the more fit you feel after offering the prayers.\" Deoghar deputy commissioner Rahul Purwar also agreed. \"Everyone wants to offer prayers on Monday. It is challenging, but we are ready,\" Purwar added.The administration has reviewed the problems it had to face last Monday. It has accordingly readjusted its security mechanism of 6000 personnel. A large number of kanwariyas standing in the queues on Sunday evening were seen in with their feet bandaged. Two out of every 10 kanwariya standing in the queues from Nandan Pahar to the temple (a seven-km stretch) have their heels covered in blisters. \"I have walked 110 km on foot. In the last three days I have received medical treatment three times,\" said Amit Meena from Haryana.But, once they shout \"Bol Bam Ka Naara Hai Baba Ek Sahara Hai...\", they get fresh energy. \"I am injured. So what? I know that the pain vanishes the moment you enter the sanctum sanctorum,\" said Jitendra Kumar Yadav, a native of Jaunpur in UP.The delight and peace that kanwariyas experience after offering obeisance at the shrine was evident at their face. \"I am a regular devotee here. I invariably get injuries in my feet and also fall sick. But, I am happy and satisfied now,\" T B Kumar from Chennai said, after offering holy Ganga water to the lord on Sunday evening.Mithilesh Kumar Jha, temple in charge-cum-temple magistrate, said special privilege would be given to woman devotees on Monday. Several NGOs, state government departments and corporate houses are sincerely working round the clock for convenience of the devotees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14971691", "title": "Roads that spell disaster", "text": "If congested arterial roads are chock-a-block with stories of crawling traffic, wider ones have turned deadly due to irresponsible drivingBANGALORE: Every arterial road in the city is a minefield of problems. Most of them are narrow and congested. The rest have been widened but that only leads to new problems as motorists tend to be irresponsible on these high-speed corridors, resulting in increasing accidents.Traffic police say roads leading out of the city are wide and have a smooth surface. As a result motorists tend accelerate, mostly during the night when enforcement is nil. The inner roads end up witnessing accidents when speeding motorists tend to maneuver their way out of the chaos and lose control.\"Hosur Road, Bannerghatta Road and Old Madras Road are wider where people tend to speed up at night when traffic police are few and far between. Hosur Road has an elevated corridor for speeding vehicles. Yet accidents are regular on the road below as pedestrians often jaywalk. The National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has built subways but the distance between them being more, people tend to cross the main road wherever they want, leading to accidents,\" says MA Saleem, additional commissioner of police (traffic).According to traffic cops, the signal-free corridor on Outer Ring Road between Kammanahalli and Nagawara is one deadly stretch where vehicles invariably tend to overspeed at night.Tumkur Road too was one such stretch where pedestrians were highly vulnerable till police recently erected a Pelican signal-crossing in Dasarahalli. That Tumkur Road is a national highway open to trucks and buses complicate things. Only last year, a five-year-old boy who tried to reach his father on the other side of Tumkur Road was run over by a private bus.Saleem says narrow roads have their own set of problems. Though accidents are less on the Jamma Masjid Road, BVK Iyengar Road and Pipeline Road they are beset with problems arising out of congestion and encroachments.Dinnur Main Road, Sultanpalya Main Road, Lalbagh Road, Viveknagar Main Road, Ganganagar V Main Road and Nandini Layout Main Road are narrow stretches that continue to have two-way traffic. Roadside shops and hawkers have encroached precious spaces on these roads. On Viveknagar Main Road, slum-dwellers carry out their daily chores on the roadside, restricting movement of vehicles.Saleem maintains that the problem of encroachment and hawking is a socio-economic issue. \"Gandhi Bazaar Main Road had been encroached upon by street vendors for over two decades. But when BBMP evicted them, civic officials had to bear the brunt. But Shivajinagar was a pleasant experience. We conducted some awareness campaigns for roadside hawkers near Russell Market and drove home the message that if roads are congested they would lose business. We were successful in clearing the encroachments and the roads have certainly improved,\" he explains.Buses have now started plying through roads around Russell Market to Cox Town, KR Puram and Kammanahalli after over a decade. Traffic police, however, still are at their wits end on clearing up Jamma Masjid Road to facilitate trouble-free movement for motorists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14974637", "title": "Guwahati molestation case: Protests against the incident intensify", "text": "GUWAHATI: Around thousand protestors expressed their angst against those involved in the GS Road molestation incident as the protests continued for the second day with different organizations joining in on Sunday.The snowballing of the protests accelerated after the national outcry over the incident poured in and Sunday's protest march, which included demonstrations in front of a private television channel for its reporter's alleged involvement in the incident, was spearheaded by the Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) leader Akhil Gogoi, along with the KMSS women's wing, Mahila Mukti Sangram Samiti and India Against Corruption.Meanwhile, the KMSS women's wing expressed their resentment against the National Commission of Women for not meeting and accepting the memorandum prepared by the wing to express their views.\"It is quite unfortunate that the representatives of the national organization didn't meet us as we really wanted to express our view about the incident. The meeting with them was planned, but in the final moment they excused themselves and refrained from meeting us. It was like they were avoiding us. We wanted to hand over the raw footage of the incident but couldn't,\" said Mridula Kalita, secretary of Mahila Mukti Sangram.The protest bandwagon began its march from Dighilipukhiri and walked through the busy stretch of the main arterial roads in the city. They stopped at GS Road to demonstrate in front of the building of the private television channel. Raising his pitch against the alleged involvement of the editor of the channel in trying to cover up the entire episode and the reporter in instigating the mob to molest the girl, Akhil Gogoi said two of the accused had confessed to the involvement of the reporter.\"I have the raw footage with me and will submit it to the women's forum. It is nothing but a charade and the editor and the reporter are both involved in the incident. The channel is trying to divert attention from the episode. Two of the accused confessed to the involvement of the reporter on Sunday,\" said Gogoi.Well-known actress and social activist Akashi Tora said severe punishment must be meted out to the prime accused Amarjyoti Talukdar. \"The prime accused, Amarjyoti Talukdar, must be given the harshest punishment and it is being circulated that he was spotted in front of a popular hotel in Shillong. The incident is being politically motivated,\" said the actress.Meanwhile clad in black and carrying placards which read 'Soch Badlo Kapre Nahin', around 600 protestors also carried a protest march parallel to the one led by the aforementioned three groups. The protestors decided on the protest on social networking site Facebook and gathered in front of a mall at GS Road, continuing their march till Ganeshguri flyover.Nayanjyoti Barman, who created a special page on the site to raise voices against the incident and mobilized the protesters said, \"The incident has tarnished the image of Assam and Assamese people in general. We severely condemn the incident and urge the police to take stringent actions against the culprits. It's not about how one should dress, but about respect towards women. A woman being stripped publicly is a blot on humanity.\"\"We urge that there should be no political interference and stringent actions must be taken against the perpetrators. The victim needs protection and assistance. There are many issues afflicting women today and it must be addressed,\" said Sudha Sundaram, secretary of All India Democratic Women's Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14969176", "title": "Govt schools begin second round of counselling today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The students who have not taken admission in class XI in government schools yet or those who wish to change their school or stream can submit their requests for the same as the second round of counseling for admission to all 39 government schools in the city would begin from Monday.Candidates who have taken admission in a government schools but want to change the school or stream can submit their \"Form for change of school/stream/option\" on July 16 between 9.00am and 1.00pm. The form will be available free of cost at six government model senior secondary schools in sectors 10, 19 21, 40, 46 and at Modern Complex, Manimajara. The Form will also be available education department's website www.chdeducation.gov.in and can be submitted online.Candidates who haven't applied for admission so far can submit their \"registration form\" available with the prospectus for Rs 120 from any of the six schools mentioned above. The list of the candidates who get a change of stream, school or options will be put on the website on July 24. If a candidate doesn't get a seat in the school/stream of his choice, his/her name will be included in the 'waiting list' of that schools/stream. The numbers in waiting list will not exceed 10% of total sanctioned seats of a respective school in a particular stream. This list will be valid up to August 8.List of vacant seats after second round of counseling and subsequent vacancies (category wise/stream wise) will be displayed by all schools every Monday up to August 6 along with a list of selected candidates form the waiting list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14972511", "title": "Money trail led investigators to idol smuggler", "text": "CHENNAI: Investigators followed the money trail from the sale of ancient idols stolen from temples in Tamil Nadu's Ariyalur district to track down antique dealer Subhash Chandra Kapoor, who was extradited from Germany on Saturday in connection with the theft and smuggling of dozens of artefacts from the state.Police inspector Kader Batcha, who led the initial probe into 64-year-old Kapoor's network of smugglers, said police have collected critical evidence against the antique dealer, including hotel receipts from his stay in Taj Coromandel in 2006, bills from companies that shipped the idols abroad and emails between Kapoor and his associate Sanjeevi Asokan, a notorious idol thief. But bank transactions between Kapoor, a US citizen from Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh, and Asokan provided investigators with the clinching proof they needed to charge the antique dealer and press the German government for his extradition to India, Batcha said.\"While checking Asokan's bank transactions, we found that Kapoor had transferred more than 1.13 crore to his account in HDFC Bank through several deposits made in the US,\" Batcha said.Investigators suspected that Kapoor and Asokan used local gangs to steal the idols. Police arrested Asokan in Kochi in March. A major breakthrough came with the arrest of Tamil Nadu idol smugglers Rathinam and Kaliyaperumal.However, the arrest of Tamil Nadu idol smugglers Rathinam and Kaliyaperumal in Udayarpalayam in Ariyalur district gave investigators their first breakthrough in the case.Under sustained interrogation by police teams, Rathinam and Kaliyaperumal confessed to stealing ancient idols at Kapoor and Asokan's behest from the Arulmigu Sundareswarar and Varadaraja Perumal temples at Suthamalli village in Ariyalur district. They also revealed that they had on Kapoor's instructions previously stolen idols from Sri Pragadeeswarar Temple at Sripurandan in Ariyalur district.Police have charged Kapoor with the theft of 18 panchaloha idols from the temples in Suthamalli village and the theft of eight idols from the Sripurandan temple.Investigating officers said the temple thefts were meticulously planned. \"We discovered that Kapoor visited Chennai four times from 2006. He stayed in Taj Coromandel Hotel in Nungambakkam and masterminded the racket,\" Batcha said.Batcha said Kapoor used his Art of The Past Gallery in New York as a front to sell illegally procured artefacts. He also sold stolen idols online.The investigation of Kapoor's smuggling network began in 2008, after former head of the idol wing and current Chennai police commissioner J K Tripathy received a tip-off in 2008 about Indian idols being sold at an antique shop in New York.\"Kapoor had released an art and antique booklet in US which included some of the stolen idols,\" Batcha said. \"We provided the Washington police with information leading to a raid on his gallery in US.\"\"A team of Interpol officials consulted experts at French Institute of Indology in Puduchery and confirmed that the idols in Kapoor's possession were antiques from the Suthamalli and Sripurandan temples,\" Batcha said.Kapoor had declared the stolen idols as contemporary statues purchased from handicraft showrooms while transporting them to the US. One batch of idols had been sent to Kapoor's gallery via Hong Kong and London. Based on Asokan's email and shipping bills, Washington police confirmed that one consignment was sent to Hong Kong and then on to England and the US on Kapoor's instructions.Investigators collected the evidence against Kapoor needed for the Interpol to issue a notice against the antique dealer and police arrested him at Frankfurt airport in October 2011. Kapoor was behind bars in a Cologne prison before he was extradited to India on July 14.Meanwhile, Batcha had been transferred to the Central Crime Branch of the Chennai city police in June 2011, and inspector P Udayakumar continued the investigation under deputy superintendent of police S Selvaraj and superintendent of police Z Annie Vijaya.A team led by SP Vijaya took custody of Kapoor in Cologne and brought him to Chennai on Saturday. A magistrate's court in Jayankondam near Ariyalur on Saturday afternoon remanded him to judicial custody till Monday. Police later moved Kapoor to Central Prison, Puzhal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14967386", "title": "Bypoll debacle: Congress panel to meet MPs, MLAs", "text": "HYDERABAD: Social welfare minister Pitani Satyanarayana has said that the committee of ministers constituted to study the causes behind the Congress's bypoll debacle will hold discussions with party MPs on July 17 and followed by consultations with MLAs the next day. Congress won a mere two seats in the bypolls while Jaganmohan Reddy's YSR Congress emerged on top in 15 Assembly constituencies. Sources said that the committee, headed by roads and buildings minister Dharmana Prasada Rao, was earlier supposed to submit an interim report to the state Congress leadership on Monday.Pitani said that the committee was of the view that panchayat polls should be announced to galvanise party workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14967217", "title": "Ad-hoc appointments: Plea filed in MP high court", "text": "BHOPAL: A writ petition has been filed in MP high court in Jabalpur alleging that unlawful practice of ad-hoc appointment of incompetent persons as in-charge director technical education was going on in the state for last six years and sought removal of the present incumbent Arun Nahar.The petition said that the ad-hoc arrangement to appoint 'incompetent' person as in-charge director started off with S S Dubey in 2006. Thereafter he was succeeded by Nahar in 2007. After this, Ashish Dongre was made director a year later.Under MP Educational Service (Technical Branch) Recruitment Rules, 1967, the post of director has to be filled up 100% from the transfer from the cadre of principal, government engineering colleges but Nahar holds the post of principal, government polytechnic college, the petitioner Sunil Kumar Tantuvay states.The petition quoting Apex Court ruling in Chandgi Ram V/s Rajasthan state in 2001, had observed that \"if the authorities fill up the post at the earliest, the culture of ad-hoc-ism can't develop. The culture of ad-hoc-ism deteriorates the fibre of the institution affecting the very foundation of our culture, especially when it is in the educational field.\"\"Institutions not filling vacancies for a long time develop the culture of ad-hoc-ism. Sometimes not filling is for a coloured purpose to favour one or the other. This has to be denounced. The ad-hoc-ism not only permits irregular appointees to continue for a long time but thwarts our regularly competent appointee to come in, deteriorating the very stand of the institution,\" the Supreme Court observed, petition states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14988534", "title": "Sport climbing, getting out there (Part II)", "text": "Last week we spoke with Mohit Oberoi and Ganesh Chettri, two top Indian sport climbers and coaches from wildly different backgrounds and generations.Mohit and Ganesh pull on both real rock and plastic, but doing so at a high level can take its toll. We get a grip on how they inspire themselves and their buddies to get higher.What do you do to stay fresh and motivated?Mohit Oberoi: I started climbing when I was in my teens, and we always went outdoors, to Dhauj, to climb. I always found that motivating -- the lake and the wilderness there, the quality of the experience, and being outdoors. But recently, I've taken a break from climbing and have been doing triathlons... running, biking and swimming. I just completed my first Ironman, in South Africa , in April 2011. And now I'm ready to climb again. As long as I'm active and have goals set for myself, I feel good.Ganesh Chettri: I agree, being outdoors is very inspiring. It's very different from climbing on artificial walls. And it's very good for training too. Going in a group is the best way to get motivated -- the crowd inspires you, and it can also be a little competitive.So do you have a favourite climbing area or sports wall?Mohit: In India, it would be Dhauj, near Delhi. For me it's the local area, where I'd go all the time. Internationally, I'd have to say Krabi, in Thailand . It's beautiful. You've got the sea, the beach, good weather, great food, massages after the climbing. What's not to like!?Ganesh: My favourite outdoor area is the Hampi and Badami area in South India. The quality of rock is very good, with lots of famous routes. I really like a climbing route there called Ganesha -- same as my name! Also, lots of people are interested in these areas, so it's exciting. Right now, there's a training camp there for the Indian sport climbing team. Sandeep Maity, who's really good young climber is there.I do have a favourite sports climbing wall. It's in Gwalior, at the engineering college there. It's really well made, high quality, with good routes.Hampi is amazing. It became pretty famous after Chris Sharma's movie Pilgrimage. So what are your fav climbing books or DVDs for movie night?Mohit: Nanga Parbat Pilgrimage: The Lonely Challenge by Hermann Buhl is definitely my favourite book. That guy was old school... a childhood hero. As for a favourite climbing movie. French climber Patrick Edlinger's movie, La Vie Au Bout Des Doigts (Life at Your Fingertips). That was an iconic movie in the 1980s, with him soloing (climbing without a rope) some really amazing routes in France, in the Verdon gorges. Really incredible. It's a must-watch.Ganesh: Well, I haven't read that many books. But I enjoy watching climbing competition and championships DVDs. They're like fights between the competitors, and each climber has his or her own techniques and skills. Anything with Japanese climber Yuji Hirayama, who is one of my favourite climbers. [Ed. Hirayama is the first Asian to win the sport climbing World Cup].Any advise for climbing newbies?Mohit: Just go for it. If you can push yourself to go out and try it, do it.Ganesh: In India, sport climbing is the best game for kids. Usually it's very, very difficult for Indian athletes to compete internationally and reach that level. I've done gymnastics till the state level. But climbing is different, there are many opportunities to go international. It's not like cricket or hockey, which you can play in school, but the best you can usually do is reach the national level. But it's very tough to reach an international level. In sport climbing, it's not that hard, and there are a lot of chances.Content courtesy: Men's Life Today, Global", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14970596", "title": "Locals identified as victims of bus accident in Himachal Pradesh", "text": "KANPUR: Most of the pilgrims who died in a bus accident on late Saturday night near Kangra in Himachal Pradesh were locals of Barra, Govindnagar and Damodarnagar areas in the City.The accident, which took place at around 10.30 pm claimed life of nearly 10 people and left 31 others injured when they were on their way back from Amarnath Yatra.Kamlesh, a local said that there were more than 40 people travelling in the bus to pay obeisance to Amarnath shrine on July 3. The dead include five males, three women besides a child.Shiva, neighbour of Soni family of, which nearly 14 members were on board the tourist bus told TOI, \"There were 14 members of Soni family travelling in the bus.They visit religious places across India every year. This year they decided to visit Amarnath shrine by bus.\"The police officials informed that the condition of the members of Soni family, who sustained injuries are now stable.Ajay, another neighbour of Soni's, said, \"He had last spoken to them on late Saturday evening. However, soon after coming across a news item related to the mishap on TV news channels, he again tried to recheck on the information praying and hoping that it would be wrong, but it isn't.\"Some officials of Dr Rajender Prasad Medical College attended to his calls and later informed him about the ghastly mishap and confirmed the news, he added.\"We are still awaiting for official declaration of the total number of deaths and the names of injured by the Kangra district authorities,\" said Kalpesh, a Barra resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14986515", "title": "Remya and Unni in Pathira Manal", "text": "Remya Nambeesan and Unni Mukundan are all set to play central characters in the film 'Pathira Manal'. Unni Mukundan's character is named Eldho in the film.Jaysurya will play Unni's father in the movie. Padmakumar is the director of the film. Script is by Babu Janardhanan.Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14995055", "title": "Rajesh Khanna discharged from hospital", "text": "Yesteryear superstar Rajesh Khanna , who was readmitted to Lilavati hospital on Saturday evening, has been discharged.His estranged wife Dimple Kapadia and son-in-law Akshay Kumar were with him at the time of discharge. A family friend Bhupesh Raseen told TOI, \"He was discharged this afternoon. We had to admit him to the hospital on Saturday after complained of feeling low and uneasy. He is back home and is sleeping now.''Khanna has been in and out of hospital since April this year. He was again admitted on June 23 and remained in hospital for 14 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14986896", "title": "Rima Kallingal in August Club", "text": "Rima Kallingal is playing female lead in 'August Club'. Just like '22 Female Kottayam' the character portrayed by female lead in the movie is pivotal and challenging.K.B. Venu is the director of the movie. Script is by Ananthapadmanabhan. The shooting of the film is progressing in Alapuzha. Source: keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14970192", "title": "Hijab row: parents back students", "text": "MANGALORE: The row over attending classes wearing hijab (headscarf) is unlikely to be resolved soon. At a meeting of parents held on Sunday to discuss the issue in Athoor near Uppinangady, they backed the students' decision.Campus Front of India (CFI) state president Mohammed Thufail, told TOI that parents who attended the meeting had decided to meet the district administration, Mangalore University vice-chancellor and registrar on Monday and ask them to solve the issue amicably.Thufail's sister Ashita is a second year BCom student of Sri Ramakunjeshwara First Grade College, Ramakunja, near Uppinangady. The students of the college had boycotted classes over the dress code from Thursday. \"If we cannot resolve it locally, we may seek legal recourse,'' Thufail said.The management is clear in its view. Principal Vasanth Rao said the management had decided not to allow girl students to wear headscarf on the campus.Thufail claimed, \"The college prospectus only says the students have to wear the uniform. No where in the prospectus says that shawls (even the shawls provided with the uniform) cannot be worn over the head. The girl students are ready to wear shawls provided with the uniform as headscarf. We are not adamant about wearing a black scarf,'' he said.On Saturday, students wearing shawls, which came with the uniform, were not allowed to enter college premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "yeosu (south korea)", "code": "14970395", "title": "17 years on, South Korea town erases oil spill nightmare", "text": "YEOSU (SOUTH KOREA): The massive oil spill in '95 that caused extensive destruction of sea life in the waters of Yeosu, is a thing of the past. Seventeen years later, Yeosu's coastal waters are brimming with marine life as the city hosts 'The Living Ocean and Coast: Diversity of Resources and Sustainable Activities' an international expo.The city's successful turnaround now is a cause for celebration of the resilience of both man and nature. Yeosu, a maritime city with a population of 0.3 million located at the centre of the south coast of South Korea, is abundant in marine resources encompassing 365 islands and 900 km of coastline. The coastal city with Korea's leading ports, industrial complexes, national maritime parks and world renowned tidal flats embodies the vision of a sustainable ocean juxtaposed against fast passed development.And remarkably, in 150-year history of international expositions, Yeosu is the first ever to be devoted to the marine environment and ocean water, with the exclusive theme of preserving them. The expo that began in May this year will continue until August 2012, entirely focusing on seeking coexistence and co-prosperity between the ocean, its coasts and humanity, with sustainable development as anchor issue.In addition to striking a fine balance between industrialization and environment, the highly eco-friendly international exposition is also focusing on renewing people's understanding on the value of the ocean and coast. and serve as an opportunity to seek for solutions to climate change, depletion of natural resources and destruction of the ecosystem. The expo that expects 10 million people has been put up at the cost of $11.1 billion may create about 80,000 jobs.Yeosu Expo has 104 participating countries including India, besides 10 international organizations'. Add to that in 160-year history of world expo , Yeosu establishes environmental guidelines for the first time. 'Yeosu Declaration' is a demand for international response to situations such as pollution and overfishing that threaten preservation of the ocean and sustainable development. The declaration will be adopted at a forum on August 12 that UN secretary general attends to call for the conservation of the oceans to the global community.(The reporter was invited to Yeosu by the South Korean Tourism Organization)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14966881", "title": "Road sweepers worth crores lie idle", "text": "COIMBATORE: It sure was an ambitious move by Coimbatore Corporation to purchase three state-of-the-art modern road sweeping machines mounted on vehicles to keep the muck and dirt away from the city streets by spending more than Rs 2 crore from its JNNURM funds. The procurement was made before the city was set to host the World Classical tamil Conference as keeping the streets spick and span was one of the top priorities of the corporation. But the money spent on these machines seems to be wasted as they have been lying idle for almost a year. The city corporation has not bothered to renew the operation and maintenance tender for these machines yet.The main reason cited by the corporation officials is that operating these machines is just not economically viable as it consumes around 20 litres of diesel for sweeping one kilometre. The vaccum dust suction and sweeping brushes of the engine are powered by diesel engine and operating it on a regular basis is not viable for the corporation.\"It is cheaper to use manpower to clean the city streets rather than use these machines which would consume large quantity of diesel making it economically unviable for us to operate it on a regular basis,\" said a senior corporation official.All three machines are now lying idle and parked in one of the inner lanes of Bharathi colony in Peelamedu. Apart from a driver for the vehicle, the mounted cleaning unit needs two people to operate it to sweep the roads. The machines were procured from Kam-Avida enviro engineers private limited, a Pune-based firm and the sweeping units mounted on it are the same model that is evidently used to remove snow from the roads in European countries.A special training session was also given to six people by experts from the Pune firm to operate these mobile sweeping units. But these machines are not being used for almost a year now, said R Rajasekhar, Proprietor, Hindustan Dynamics, the local firm that was awarded the contract to operate these machines.The corporation officials also claimed that the maintenance of these machines was a big issue for Coimbatore corporation as only specially trained personnel could service these sweeping units. \"We will soon float a new tender and award operation and maintenance of these sweeping units to interested parties and start using the machines at least during some VIP visits in the city,\" said a senior corporation official.Interestingly the city corporation recently decided to spend an additional amount of Rs 3.5 crore to lay concrete mixture along the sides of major streets and roads in the city to cover open dirt portions between the pavements and the road margins. This amount is also being utilised from the JNNURM funds allotted to the civic body.EOM", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "14976490", "title": "PSPCL fixes directors-only hours at health club", "text": "PATIALA: Authorities of Punjab State Power Corporation Ltd (PSPCL) has, vide a recent order, banned the entry of junior officers in its officers' health club from 6.30 am to 7.15 am as \"status conscious\" directors and CMD apparently don't want to mix up with juniors even in the health club for some minutes.Apprehending victimization at the hands of senior authorities, no junior is willing to say anything about the order. However, the bizarre order, issued for the first time in the history of PSPCL, has drawn flak from other officers, who are privately criticizing and laughing at the order.\"It's strange that directors and CMD don't want to see our faces in the morning in the health club. They must keep in mind that till some years back, they were also junior officers like us. They are not born senior authorities. They must explain why they have banned our entry,\" reacted a senior member of the club, on condition of anonymity.The club has around 300 officers as members.PSPCL had constructed an officers' club in its VIP colony in Patiala. Officers of assistant engineer-rank onwards are its members. There was no time schedule for any officer, but some days back, the club management issued a circular informing that directors of PSPCL and CMD will exercise in the health club from 6.30am to 7.15am and during this time, no other officer could enter the health club.The order does not give any reason and has fixed the time for other officers from 7.15am to 9am in the morning. Since the office starts in the morning at 9 am, majority of members have been questioning the logic behind order, sources said.When contacted, secretary of the club, Devinderpal Sethi, who is director, personnel of PSPCL, first confirmed the new order, but later refused to say anything about the same. \"I am at an examination centre and cannot say anything about it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14969570", "title": "Watch your eyes, as cops set to use pepper sprays", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Though controversy over the use of less-than-lethal weapon -- pepper spray -- by police forces and security agencies continues across the world, Chandigarh police is all set to use this inflammatory spray to control mobs and violent protestors in the city.Use of pepper spray immediately causes the eyes to close, making one go temporarily blind, and also causes severe respiratory problems. Though these effects remain for nearly 30-40 minutes, in extremely rare cases pepper spray has also had deadly consequences.Cops need to be trained properly in handling pepper spray and they have to know the angles at which the spray can be used to avoid direct contact with the eyes and injection into the nose and throat. Strong media intervention on potential dangers of pepper spray has triggered growing public concern over its usage.\"Special training would be given to cops to handle pepper sprays. We have already got a successful demonstration conducted. We have also made a checklist about training of cops,\" said Suman Kumar, DSP (training). Since 1973 pepper sprays have been used by various law enforcement agencies as a way to control violent protestors in the US. Recently Chandigarh police have bought 100 units of pepper spray and they will be given to different departments of police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14966788", "title": "Allahabad aims to end its water woes through rainwater harvesting system", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The rainwater harvesting system has been installed in more than 60 buildings in the city, including government, semi-government and private, with the aim to check the depleting ground water level.Apart from government buildings like Tehsil Bhawan, treasury office and Reserve Police Lines, multistoreyed buildings have installed the Roof Top Rain Water Harvesting system. Citizens claim this is the only technique through which rain water is captured from the roof catchments and stored in reservoirs. Harvested rain water can be stored in sub-surface ground water reservoir by adopting artificial recharge techniques to meet the household needs through storage in tanks.The need for Rooftop Rain Water Harvesting has been felt to meet the ever-increasing demand for water and to reduce the runoff, which chokes storm drains. It also helps in reducing ground water pollution as well as efficient in improving the quality of ground water.Executive engineer, Ground Water Department, HB Samvedi told TOI: \"We are waiting for heavy rain as rainwater improves the quality of ground water through dilution when recharged to ground water. He added, \"People have come forward to learn about the importance of rainwater harvesting system, which is also cost effective.\"Samvedi said rainwater harvesting systems are simple and can be easily used by individuals. The system is also easy to operate and maintain.A rainwater system must include installation of an overflow pipe which empties into a non-flooding area. Excess water may also be used for recharging the aquifer through dug well or abandoned hand pumps or tubewells etc.In urban areas, soak-pits or rainwater collection tanks can be built on the terrace of the houses. The water can be sent to borewell through a pipeline to recharge the groundwater. Tree plantation also helps in recharging groundwater.Meanwhile, Samvedi said more population is relying on ground water resources and its over-exploitation has affected the level of ground water drastically.While there has been a significant increase in the number of overexploited blocks across the state, more stress is being made to restore water resources in both urban and rural sectors. As ponds are being constructed to collect rain water in rural areas, rain water harvesting systems are the only mode to collect rainwater in urban areas.As per report of ministry of water resources, there were only 37 development blocks placed under over-exploited category by the groundwater analysis committee in 2004, but in 2008-09 the report claimed that the number of over-exploited blocks had risen to 76 in the state.\"This is the right time when every individual should come forward with aim to save water and restore water resources\" said Samvedi, adding \" If we fail to check the over-exploitation of groundwater, the situation will get grimmer.\"At present, around 35-45 % of the population of the state, especially in the newly added localities, depend solely on groundwater. In Allahabad, the ground water demand stands at 548 MLD whereas the supply is 480 MLD.A total of 108 development blocks across the state are facing acute water crisis and if no water management measures are initiated, more developments blocks would be put under the over-exploited and critical categories.Officials of ground water department claimed \" recharge pits, recharge trench, recharge well, dry wells and ponds are meant to collect rainy water and this is only the solution to deal the crisis otherwise situation may become difficult in coming days.However, experts feel that there should be compulsory rainwater harvesting law in the state and each and every building should have the system. They also opined that several lakhs litres of water can be restored, if the rain water harvesting system is introduced at government buildings like AG Office, Police headquarters, District Collectorate campus, Allahabad University, Colleges and schools of the city and other government buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "14974265", "title": "Angami body suspends 96-hour bandh on NH 2", "text": "KOHIMA: The Southern Angami Youth Organization (SAYO), which had called a 96-hour bandh on NH-2 (then NH-39), suspended its bandh with effect from 4.30 pm on Saturday. The bandh was called off after the two accused in the June 21 incident, where two Naga youths were drugged and a vehicle snatched inside Manipur, was handed over to the Nagaland Police by its Manipur counterpart.SAYO president Peter Zashumo said the decision was taken as the Manipur government had partially fulfilled their demand by handing over the two accused along with the hijacked vehicle to Nagaland Police on Sunday afternoon for further investigation and legal procedures. However, the president said the bandh will be resumed anytime if the organization finds the proceedings unsatisfactory.SAYO also appreciated the Manipur and Nagaland government for their active cooperation in tracing the missing vehicle and arresting the two accused. Investigation to nab the remaining accused culprits involved in the incident is on. SAYO added that it will require the cooperation of both the Manipur and Nagaland governments in the days to come.The organization lauded the efforts of the district administration of Kohima , its SP and DC for the initiative taken by them in this case.Furthermore, SAYO thanked the woman from Makhan village who saved the lives of the two youths from Phesama. While expressing regret for the inconvenience cause by the bandh, the organization said that it was compelled to call the bandh for a cause.The youth organization also apologized to anyone whose sentiments were hurt in any manner during the process of enforcing the bandh by its volunteers.The Nagaland government had written to its Manipur counterpart over the issue earlier on Saturday. In a letter, chief secretary Lalthara requested his Manipur counterpart DS Poonia to provide feedback on the efforts made by the Manipur government to arrest the culprits, present position of the case and assurance of their positive action which would be useful in the state government's negotiations with the organizers of the bandh.The CS also forwarded a copy of the SAYO representation submitted to the state government on July 13, expressing their resentment and dissatisfaction over the handling of the vehicle hijacking incident of June 21. He explained that the state government had tried its best, even sending a formal letter of appeal from the commissioner of Nagaland, to persuade the SAYO to lift its bandh.The letter further brought to the notice of the Manipur chief secretary that the SAYO is likely to impose indefinite bandh against Manipur from next week if they fail to get a positive response and assurance from the governments of Manipur and Nagaland.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14967283", "title": "Two students drown", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two MTech students drowned in Gandipet lake where they reportedly went fishing on Sunday afternoon. The victims - Mohammed Aleemoddin, 23, and Mohammed Abdul Hai, 24, of Khammam - were M Tech first year students of Shadan Engineering College in Bandlaguda who stayed at a private boys hostel in Langer Houz. On Sunday afternoon, Aleem, Abdul Hai and their classmate Abdul Hakeem reportedly went to Gandipet for fishing. While trying to catch fish, the trio accidentally fell in the lake and started drowning, said the cops. \"Hearing the screams of the trio, some locals rushed to their help and managed to pull out Hakeem. The other two students , Aleemoddin and Abdul Hai,drowned but we are yet to fish out their bodies,\" Narsingi inspector P Narayana said. Hakeem has been admitted to a local hospital and his condition is reportedly stable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14968840", "title": "Teen held for kidnapping, raping minor", "text": "MUMBAI: The Kanjurmarg police recently arrested a 19-year-old boy for allegedly kidnapping his neighbour's 15-year-old daughter at knifepoint and raping her for three weeks at different locations in Kanyakumari, Chennai, Mumbra and Thane.The accused, Shiva Shetty, was arrested last week for stealing copper wires by the Kurla railway police. Shetty's mother Silvi (38) has also been arrested. The cops are now hunting for Shetty's two accomplices who had helped him kidnap the Class IX student.The girl was kidnapped from outside her house in Karve Nagar on June 18. \"Shetty is a repeat offender and has over 20 cases of pick-pocketing, assault, theft and snatching registered against him. It was his mother who had given him money to flee the city with the kidnapped child,\" said senior inspector (Kanjurmarg) Tanaji Pawade. Assistant inspector MR Salunkhe said, \"The victim said that Shetty had repeatedly raped her. The medical report has confirmed the offence.\"The arrested accused are in police custody till July 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14970336", "title": "Hindrances in Lion Safari being removed: Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "KANPUR: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav told newspersons that the hindrances in developing Lion Safari in Etawah would be removed. The UP government recently did not get nod from Centre as a result of which the project of Lion Safari is in pipeline now.Yadav said all that is necessary is being done to get clearance from Centre to resume work for constructing the Lion Safari in Etawah.Answering a question about the problems being faced by industries due to power supply and other matters, Yadav said that all the challenges that are posing troubles in the growth of the industries will be removed.Taking note of the scams that have taken place in UPSIDC, Yadav said that investigations would be held and those found guilty punished. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14966833", "title": "Tout nabbed near railway station", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Railway Protection Force on Sunday arrested a tout, identified as Amit Tripathi, a resident of Puramufti, on charges of selling railway tickets illegally.He was booked under Section 143 of the Railway Act. A team of RPF on Sunday Tripathi near the reservation center on city side of Allahabad railway station when he was involved in selling railway tickets illegally. Officials said Tripathi used to book tickets on fake names/addresses and sold them to gullible passengers at higher prices. The RPF also seized six reserved tickets and several reservation forms from his possession.RPF made the arrest following a tip-off. The tout had been operating for several months. RPF is also searching for other such touts.Allahabad: Three police teams have been formed to trace out the employee of a private agency who is allegedly absconding with about Rs two crore of a private bank.Superintendent of police, crime, AK Pandey said the employee, Bhupesh Kumar, was given Rs two crore to load in the bank's ATMs but his missing then with money. The bank officials have also lodged a case in this regard. Bhupesh's mobile is also out of reach.SP said Bhupesh does not have any criminal record and had been working with the agency for past three years. He said they were getting his cellphone records checked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14995056", "title": "Big launches in Kollywood", "text": "Sunday was a big day for Kollywood. It is learnt that four big and small Tamil films having their 'pooja' on that day.The biggest of them all was Shankar`s Vikram starrer I . This flick is being produced by Aascar Films and fans are eagerly awaiting the details about this flick.Director Venkat Prabhu also had a big launch with his Biriyani kickstarting on Sunday. The flick, which is said to be a fun film, will be produced by Studio Green and star actor Karthi in the lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14971351", "title": "Kolkata flies high, finally", "text": "KOLKATA: Going by box office conventions, it would have been a flop with only a handful showing up for the first day first show. But with the first class feel that the show offered to a city used to third class experience, it simply bowled over the few who turned up on Sunday.For the brand new terminal at Kolkata airport, it was the first live field trial with a real flight that carried in real passengers. And the airport sailed through, bagging the kudos of the very first batch of passengers to set foot in the facility.\"Every time I am flying out of the city or back, I steal a glance at the construction site, hoping that the mammoth structure matches the high standards that airports in Delhi, Mumbai, Hyderabad and Bangalore have set. I did so even the day before when I took a flight to Mumbai from the old terminal. So when the airlines staff in Mumbai informed me that the flight would arrive at the new terminal, I was taken aback and wondered what had happened. After all, construction work was on till Friday. Imagine my surprise when I stepped off the coach and walked into the terminal. It looks fabulous; very chic and contemporary,\" beamed former Team India football captain Baichung Bhutia .Of the 84 passengers from Mumbai who arrived on board IndiGo Airlines flight 6E 321 at 12.15pm on Sunday, 83 had words of praise. The only one who did not say anything but stared at the brightly lit gigantic building in awe was a toddler. \"I am glad flying through Kolkata will finally be a great experience like in other metros,\" was the common refrain.Not yet though, with a series of trial runs still to go before full-fledged operations begin in phases. The trial runs will be done in four phases. On Sunday, a portion of the arrival area in the terminal's international section was put to test. Next in line is testing the arrival area in the domestic section, followed by international and domestic departure sections. While both arrival and departure levels in the international section of the integrated terminal is nearly complete, a portion of the domestic area needs to be finished.A couple of crucial systems are also missing and may delay the terminal's commissioning further. Already a year behind schedule, the terminal may struggle to meet the October deadline if the in-line baggage X-ray system and aerobridges are not installed. On Sunday, passengers had to disembark from the aircraft and take a coach to the terminal. To get international flight trials started, Immigration has to get its system installed while Customs need X-ray machine to check bags of arriving passengers.\"A project this size is like a huge jigsaw puzzle with thousands of pieces that are scattered all around. Most of them have already in place and the remaining few will do so as the project enters the final phase of completion and commissioning. It is without doubt a world class airport with facilities that match international standards. It was a difficult engineering design to execute, but we have done it. Now we have a series of test runs to check the robustness of the systems,\" said Kolkata airport director B P Sharma.Darius Lilaoonwala, who hails from Kolkata and is currently a banker in the US, was delighted to land at the new terminal. \"It is about time we had a world-class facility. The new terminal does have an international feel and makes the other one look archaic. Now, we don't have to apologize about the state of the airport when a friend or an acquaintance arrives in Kolkata. What I was really impressed about was the arrival of the baggage on the conveyer belt even before we stepped into the terminal,\" he remarked.The baggage service impressed everyone but perhaps it is too early to take a call on the matter since there were less than 70 bags in the only flight that was served by the new terminal on Sunday. Hence, the bags were on conveyer belt no. 16 within 10 minutes of the plane reaching the parking bay while passengers stepped into the terminal in 15 minutes.\"We have to start multiple arrivals at the terminal to know how the system is functioning. In a fortnight, morning arrivals (7.30 to noon) of all airlines should be at the new terminal. If the airport clears the baggage test before the peak season arrives in September-October, we would have taken care of a major area of concern,\" said Airlines Operators Committee chairman (Kolkata airport) Sarvesh Gupta, memories of the baggage fiasco at T3 in Delhi still fresh despite the lapse of nearly two years.Student Avik Kaul was glad to be among the first batch of passengers to arrive at the airport. It definitely made a good Facebook post to friends in Mumbai who viewed Kolkata as a city gone to seed. \"The swanky terminal looks cool. I hope it stays this way,\" he said, adding that it would be unfortunate if the terminal lost its sheen in a year due to poor maintenance.\"We will not allow that to happen,\" assured Sharma. \"We will be floating a tender to hire an agency on contract for complete housekeeping and system maintenance at the new terminal. With 20 lakh sq ft of floor-space and 33-metre glass frontage, one needs mechanized systems to maintain the terminal. We want professionals to do the job,\" he said.Though an official date for the terminal's inauguration is yet to be finalized, Sharma said the Airports Authority of India would be ready to commission the airport by August 31, nearly a month ahead of the much-revised deadline. State transport secretary BP Gopalika, who was present, said passengers are keenly awaiting the D-day when all flights begin operations from the new terminal. \"After the metro railway that happened in the 80s, this is the first world-class transport project to get completed in Kolkata,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14971700", "title": "2.3L kids out of school in Maharashtra, finds survey", "text": "MUMBAI: Over two lakh children in Maharashtra, the country's second most literate major state, do not attend school. This is four times the out-of-school population about a decade ago.The discovery was made over the last year by school management committees (SMCs), which are mandatory under the Right to Education Act. \"When the 2011-12 academic session started, we asked the SMCs to do a survey in their areas. We asked them to take down the names and locations of children who do not attend school. In the process, we identified 232,372 such children,\" said a senior official of the school education department.Not surprisingly, most of them are children of farm labourers, in particular those who work in sugarcane, sweetlime and cotton cultivation, and many are from tribal areas.But activists say the figure has been underreported and in reality is at least five lakh. \"This number seems more like it,\" said Farida Lambay, educationist and former principal of Nirmala Niketan.She said the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) carried out a survey in 2004-05 in Mumbai and found that 78,000 children did not attend school. \"Nearly 50% of the children were from just five wards, including M-East (Govandi/Mankhurd), K-East (Andheri-East) and H (Bandra).\"The task of an SMC, 75% of whose members are parents, is to ensure that children receive the aids they are entitled to under the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA). An SSA official said the survey will be repeated in September-December this year.However, the BMC is yet to form SMCs in its schools, said Nitin Wadhwani, co-ordinator for Mumbai for Child Rights, which monitors civic schools. There are other problems as well. \"The BMC spends Rs 52,000 per child per year. This is equivalent to the fees some private schools charge. Children in civic schools are entitled to textbooks, notebooks and other items, money for which comes from the SSA,\" Wadhwani said.\"But though it is already mid-July, the children are yet to receive notebooks. The authorities want to privatise civic schools, but if this happens, it will ensure that more children are deprived of education. It is high time the BMC did a headcount of children in its schools,\" he said.Lambay said the government needed to carry out micro-intervention, rather than prepare a general plan. \"For instance, in south Mumbai, schools are empty, while in the northern suburbs children are forced to sit in corridors as there is no place inside the class. So, the government needs to address issues locally, since the problems vary from area to area.\"She said there was mass awareness about education. \"Unlike a decade ago, parents today not only want their children to go to school, but are also demanding quality education. This need must be addressed.\"The SSA started about 10 years ago. The programme's annual expenditure in Maharashtra has gone up in this period from Rs 350 crore to Rs 2,600 crore. \"We already have seasonal schools in tribal areas, and hostels for street children and beggars. We also provide special coaching for out-of-school children, where they are given extra attention before being put into age-appropriate classes,\" an SSA official said.Lambay said the biggest problem at present was ensuring that children do not drop out. \"The challenge is to sustain their interest. Instead of focusing on enrolment numbers, the government should see how many children actually attend school.\"J S Saharia, additional chief secretary (school education and sports), declined to comment on the matter, saying the legislature was in session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14968585", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation to decide on water cut extension today", "text": "MUMBAI: Even though lake levels have shown slight signs of improvement, the BMC in all likelihood will continue the 10% water cut. The water cut was imposed from July 1 to tackle the depleting lake levels due to the poor monsoon. The water cut imposed by the civic body has helped to increase the water stocks, which would last for 72 days.The BMC will take a call on extending the water cut on Monday. But sources suggest that the civic body is expected to continue the water cut as the rainfall in the catchment areas has not been up to the mark. \"The rainfall received in the catchment area has not been up to the mark. At least it hasn't been good enough to withdraw the water cut,\" said a senior official of the water supply department. TOI has learnt that the department would present the data on the lake levels before municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte on Monday. \"The decision on extension of water cut will be taken after consulting the civic chief. But as we see it, there is little chance of withdrawal,\" added the official. The civic body maintains that the water cut has been imposed as a precautionary measure.This is not the first monsoon in recent years that the city has been dealing with water cuts. The BMC imposed them in 2009 and 2010 as well. The good news this year is that lake levels are comparatively higher than before. For example, the water level of Modak Sagar was 149 metres in 2009 and 2010, while it is 156.23 metres this year.BMC officials are, however, not painting a very gloomy picture. After a bad start to the monsoon, all six lakes have shown signs of improvement, say civic officials. \"Rainfall in the catchment areas has been good but not enough to withdraw the water cut. The soil has become saturated. Water will now collect in the dams. In the past week, lake levels have also risen. All these are positive signs, but we will have to wait for a while before the cut is withdrawn,\" said a senior hydraulics engineer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "bhiwani", "code": "14977749", "title": "Child drowns into open ditch in Haryana", "text": "BHIWANI: Close on the heels of death of nursery student Sunny after falling into an open drain, a seven-year-old boy on Sunday drowned into an open ditch here. The child drowned in water-filled ditch in Buwani Khera here, police said.Police are probing the matter. On July 12, four-year-old Sunny died after falling into an open drain while playing outside his school in Vasundra area of Ghaziabad. Bearing a resemblance, on June 24 in Haryana, the body of four-year-old Mahi was pulled out of a deep borewell near Manesar in Haryana.A week after on July 1, a one-and-half-year-old boy fell into a 20-foot-deep-pit, near Palam Vihar on the outskirts of Delhi in the state. However, he was rescued. Next day, Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda had directed the authorities to avoid occurrence of such incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14971168", "title": "'Snake-baby' video becomes talk of the town", "text": "NAGPUR: Heard about a creature with the body of a python, feet of a chicken, hair of an old woman and beard like a goat born to humans in Yavatmal? A video claiming this has been doing the rounds of the Internet and is being widely shared by smartphone users. On Sunday, a radio channel of the city beamed with the 'news' that this 'miracle baby' is being kept in city's Raman Science Centre and Maharajbagh Zoo for public viewing.Both institutes started getting calls and visitors inquiring about this rare exhibit. While several people in the city expressed shock over how people could believe such rumours, others did admit to have been fooled initially. Searching for this video online, TOI discovered it was first used in a blog way back in 2010, quoting similar circumstances for the birth of a strange creature.One of those who believed the 'news' to be true was Sameer Choudhary, a senior engineer in a private firm. \"It was being discussed so much and the video was being shared by so many that it was difficult not to believe it. Some of my clolleagues visited Raman Science Centre to confirm it, too,\" he said.\"Since the morning, we received several phone calls asking about the baby. It is shocking how people still believe these things to the extent of coming to us with the enquiry, demanding to see the creature,\" said Vilas Chaudhari, education officer at Raman Science Centre.Such curious visitors flocked Maharajbagh zoo too. \"For the last few days, many visitors are asking whether the rumour is true and if we have the creature on display,\" said PG Ingole, associate dean of PDKV and controller of the zoo.The blog that used the video in October 2010 did it with a story about the doctors being in shock over such a baby being born and the parents dying of shock. While reasoning why the video could not be real, the blogger wrote: Even if by the smallest probability, such genetic modifications took place, the human womb would not generate necessary materials for such inhuman organs to grow. So, if the baby was real, the body would have human skin, maybe deformed or of different color, but would not have patterns of a python.\"This video is not at all unique. There are thousands of such videos on the net, all fake. One can clearly see that they put up a monkey mask over a dead snake skin. With YouTube , a free video-sharing website, it has become very easy for anyone to shoot random stuff and put it up online. So anything stupid can get mass attention and become talk of the town,\" opined Ankita Katdare, editor-in-chief of a technology news blog CrazyEngineers VoiCE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14977918", "title": "Drop Tamil Eelam agenda: Chidambaram to Karunanidhi", "text": "CHENNAI: Union home minister P Chidambaram on Sunday reportedly conveyed to DMK chief M Karunanidhi the central government's displeasure over a move by the ally to pass a resolution to demand Tamil Eelam at a meeting of the Tamil Eelam Supporters Organisation (TESO) in Chennai on August 12.The TESO, which comprises supporters of Eelam (separate Tamil land in Sri Lanka) and was revived by Karunanidhi after three decades, is seen as a political strategy to boost the flagging morale of his party, which lost the 2011 assembly polls, as well as to reiterate his importance as a Tamil leader. But such a meeting, to be organised by a key ally of the UPA government, could prove a huge embarrassment for India, whose stated international policy is for cordial ties with Sri Lanka . The nearly half-anhour discussion between Chidambaram and Karunanidhi took place at the DMK chief's CIT Colony residence in Chennai on Sunday.The meeting comes a day after the Centre issued a notification extending the ban on LTTE .Initially, the meeting between the two leaders was described as a courtesy call ahead of the July 19 presidential poll, DMK sources later confirmed that Chidmabaram conveyed the message that the UPA government considered it ill-advisable for the DMK leader to revive the Eelam call in the state. DMK sources said Karunanidhi, too, conveyed his unhappiness with the UPA government's stand.The issue has cropped up a day before a meeting of the DMK MPs and MLAs to discuss the presidential poll. \"A lot of preparation and effort have gone into ensuring that the TESO meet is a success. We have sent invitations to all the major political party leaders, including those in the Congress, BJP, Left, JD(U), NCP, TMC and the Shiv Sena . Leaders like Sharad Pawar , Sharad Yadav, Omar Abdullah and Ram Vilas Paswan have indicated their keenness to participate in the conference,\" said a senior DMK leader. The DMK has also invited Tamil MPs from Sri Lanka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14968844", "title": "Businessmen attack: Main accused held", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost a month after two businessmen, who are siblings, were shot at by three men on a bike and robbed of Rs 20 lakh from Bhajanpura in northeast Delhi, cops claim to have arrested the main accused, one Parvez from Hapur.With the arrest, Rs 3.5 lakh of the loot has been accounted for. \"Parvez is wanted in over 11 crimes, such as robbery and attempt to murder, in UP and Delhi. He zeroed in on the victims, Pankaj Gupta (39) and Dinesh (32), after doing several recces. He then roped in two other criminals for robbing the businessmen. The arms used in the crime were also arranged by Parvez,\" said additional CP (northeast) V V Chaudhry.Police sources said the accused followed the brothers from their home to the bank at least thrice before carrying out the robbery. \"The accused told police that he, along with his accomplices, had fled to Hapur, where the booty was distributed. Since the other accused have been identified, we hope to make further arrests soon. Our teams have fanned out across western UP and Delhi in search of them,\" said an investigating officer. The crime branch may also be roped in to nab the other accused.The incident was reported on June 18 from Yamuna Vihar area near Bhajanpura around 12.30pm. The accused sprayed the victims with six bullets when they were going to deposit money at a bank in Khajuri Khas on bike, said cops.The victims were carrying two bags, one containing Rs 20 lakh in cash and the other with Rs 6 lakh, on the day of the crime. The accused shot at them from behind. One of the accused grabbed the two bags and tried to make off. The pillion rider dropped the bag containing Rs 6 lakh in haste. The victims, along with two other siblings, have the sole distributorship of two leading mobile services companies, and confectionery and stationery goods business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14966624", "title": "Lalenkawali, Pinki and Sonia cruise into inter-zonal National Boxing Championship finals", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's reigning Junior World Boxing Champion Lalenkawali (48kg) continued her good run to cruise to the finals of 4th Inter-Zonal Women's National Boxing Championship at Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh.Lalenkawali needed less than four minutes to get rid of west zone's Pallavi Vijay Kharat in the semifinals. The 17-year-old dynamo from Mizoram was leading 9:2 when the referee stopped the contest and declared Lalenkawali the winner.The gold medal win at the Golden Glove of Vojvodina tournament in Serbia seems to have given the Mizo boxer an added advantage. \"The quarter-final was a tough fight against Neetu, but this was an easy victory for me. I am happy with my current form and hope to carry it in the finals as well,\" expressed the multiple junior national gold medallist.She will now take on west zone's Mamta in the finals of the light fly weight division.Asian Women Boxing Championsip silver medallist Pinki Jangra (51kg), too, was in exceptional form as she devoured G Sujatha to make her place in the finals of the fly weight division.The 22-year-old playing for the North Zone dominated proceeding from the start and never allowed Sujatha to settle down winning the bout 16:8 on points.In the other half of the draw, National Games gold medallist Vanlal Duati beat Shivnder Kaur 9:4 to set up a summit clash with Pinki.Sonia Lather of the North Zone powered through to the Championships round with a comprehensive victory over Dorothy Lalchhanhimi from the North East Zone. The 20-year-old beat the Mizoram boxer 15:10 on points; in the finals she will take on Shivani Dahiya of the Central Zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14967735", "title": "Ration card applications doubled since 2001", "text": "JAIPUR: The number of applicants for ration cards in the city this year has almost doubled in comparison to the figure in 2001, which shows that the city population has increased significantly.According to the district administration figures, the numbers of ration cards in the city were 6.8 lakh in 2001 but so far the district administration has already distributed 12 lakh forms for procuring new ration cards.\"So far we have distributed 12 lakh forms and the number will increase as the process of distributing the forms is still continuing,\" district supply officer U D Khan said.The last date for submission of the form was on Sunday but district administration sources said the last date would be extended a final decision on which date would be fixed as the last date for submission of forms would be taken soon.On Sunday, officials of the civil defence continued door-to-door collections of the forms, which were filled by the residents.The district administration has also made the forms available at a single window at the collectorate, Jaipur Development Authority and at Sanganer tehsil. Applicants can also get the forms from their MPs and MLAs concerned and submit them to the same MPs and MLAs. It was the demand of the MP and MLAs that the forms would also be made available at their offices, sources said.Besides, the administration will also make the forms available at the JMC councillors' office. People of the respective wards can collect the form from the office of their councillor concerned and submit it at the same office. A district administration official said in a day or two, councillors will distribute the forms in their respective areas. The filled forms has to be submitted at the councillor's office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14971919", "title": "Jewellery export crosses Rs 10k crore", "text": "KOLKATA: The industrial scenario in Bengal may not look too promising, but the gem and jewellery sector is surely glittering. Export from Manikanchan, the gems and jewellery special economic zone (SEZ) in the state, touched Rs 10,428.71 crore, crossing the Rs 10,000-crore mark for the first time. This year, it has set an export target of Rs 12,000 crore.Amidst the gloomy industrial scenario in Bengal, gems and jewellery is one of the few sectors glittering. Export from Manikanchan, the gems and jewellery special economic zone (SEZ) in the state, touched Rs 10,428.71 crore, crossing the Rs 10,000 crore mark for the first time. This year, it has set an export target of Rs 12,000 crore.\"In 2011-12, exports were up by 25% over 2010-11. We are hopeful that we will be able to maintain that performance this fiscal (2012-13) as well. We had been operating in this SEZ area since 2003,\" said Shankar Sen, director of Senco Gold. Senco Gold, occupying 4,000 square feet in Manikanchan, is one of the key stakeholders in the five-acre wide SEZ.In 2010-11, Manikanchan exported gems and jewellery worth Rs 8,125.66 crore. Manikanchan became operational in 2003. Now, there are around 19 companies in the zone, all engaged in export.Pankaj Parekh, eastern region chairman of Gems &amp; Jewelry Exports Promotional Council, said this Rs 10,000-crore mark could be achieved last fiscal because the price of gold was high, hovering around $1,930 per troy ounce in the international market last year. \"But this year, the price range is between $1,575 and $1,620 per troy ounce. But there is also demand for jewellery is there,\" he said.Owing to the economic slump in the western markets, the jewellers operating out of Manikanchan, have shifted their focus to other countries. At present, jewelleries export mostly to countries like the United Arab Emirates, Hong Kong, Singapore , Canada, the US and the UK.\"Most of our products now go to Gulf countries, Saudi Arabia, Turkey and Singapore. Earlier, the US was the major importer of gems and jewellery, especially diamonds. But following the downturn in the western world, there is a shift in focus,\" Ketan Doshi, owner of Modern Impex and a stakeholder in Manikanchan, said.Doshi added that 25% of the gold exported from this SEZ is consumed by Indians, Pakistanis and Sri Lankans residing in the Gulf area, as they are fond of Indian designs.Ashok P Sahni, chief financial officer of Shree Gandesh Jewellery House, said: \"We should touch Rs 6000-7000 crore export this year.\" It exports mostly to countries in the far east and middle east. Shree Ganesh Jewellery House also has a unit in the SEZ.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14969929", "title": "Facebook page can reveal all about your personality: Study", "text": "WASHINGTON: Want to know what kind of a person you are? Then, make a query on your Facebook page, as how you use the social networking site can reveal your personality, a new study has claimed.Researchers at the University of Missouri have developed a new scale that judges people's personality based on how they use the social media site. The scale reveals that those who like high-risk activity tend to update their status, upload photos and interact with friends frequently. While conversely, those who are more reserved tend to merely scroll through Facebook's \"news feed\". The researchers developed the scale after surveying people about their use of Facebook and having them take a personality test. Those who leaned toward high-risk activities were labelled as \"appetitive\", with those who were more reserved in their activities labelled as \"aversive\".A significant difference was found in how each user uses the social media site, Heather Shoenberger, who led the study, said. \"If you're highly 'appetitive', you're more likely to want to engage with media that are more exciting, whereas those who are higher in the aversive trait tend to enjoy safer and more predictable media experiences,\" Shoenberger said.The scale could help advertisers target online audiences easier, according to Shoenberger.\"I believe this could really help advertisers and certain types of media groups target potential customers with particular ads on social media sites,\" Shoenberger said.\"Identifying these individuals using the motivation activation measure can give advertisers an advantage over their competitors and bring some order to online advertising.\"For example, she says companies that want to target consumers for a high-risk activity should try to determine who is active on Facebook and frequently posting pictures and updating their status.The findings were presented at the International Communication Association Conference in Phoenix.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14989366", "title": "Not good time for Priyanka on personal front?", "text": "As Priyanka Chopra enters the 31st year of her life, numerologist predicts it may not be the best phase.She is one lucky gal when it comes to doing a variety of roles. Astro-numerologist Bhavikk Sangghvi predicts what the future holds for Priyanka Chopra on the eve of her 30th birthday.\"Born on 18th July 1982, Priyanka is a Number 9 ( Mars ) person in numerology ruled by Numbers 2 and 7 (Cancer - ruling planets Moon and Ketu) and her destiny number also adds up to Number 9 which means she is doubly ruled by this number\".\"Priyanka will now be entering the 31st year of her life which is not amongst her best number and so she might not get the desired results even after putting in a lot of hard work - be it in films, endorsements, stage shows, public appearances etc.\", predicts Bhavikk.\"Her role in her next release Barfi will be well appreciated, but she may have to share the credit with co-actor Ranbir Kapoor who will hog more limelight for his performance in the movie\".\"On the personal front as well, it will not be a good time for her to enter into a new relationship which may once again not turn to be in her favor. Her name vibrates on Number 47 which is often deceptive. She might get involved with a guy who may turn out to be unfaithful\".\"I would advise her to spell her name as 'PRIYANCKA CHOPRAA' and wear a green Emerald on her smallest finger on a Wednesday morning to achieve success on both fronts - be it marriage or movies\", signs off Bhavikk on a concerned note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14975619", "title": "Students' choice", "text": "In a new trend, pure science is back as a favourite with students in Delhi University, finds out Vatsala ShrangiA new trend has been observed this year with reference to admission to the science courses in Delhi University . The preference for BSc (Honours) electronics has gone down among aspirants with most of them preferring fundamental sciences to the subject. Faculty members across colleges say they had to keep the course in electronics open till the fifth cut-off list, in order to get all the seats filled, while seats in pure sciences like physics and chemistry were full much earlier.Electronics, which was a popular choice amongst science aspirants till even last year, has seen less takers when compared to other BSc (H) courses this year. There are a number of factors, which can be attributed to the trend, says GS Sodhi, faculty, department of chemistry, SGTB Khalsa College.\"The course in electronics was introduced only a few years ago. But now with the increased competition in the market, with those pursuing BTech in electronics, which is more in demand, a large number of students are going back to the fundamental sciences,\" says Sodhi.Khalsa College had to keep the course open till the fourth cut-off list this year to fill up the seats, while off-campus colleges including Deen Dayal Upadhyaya College (DDUC) and Shaheed Rajguru College of Applied Sciences for Women left the course open till the fifth cut-off list.Also, the cut-off percentage for electronics was much lower in most colleges in comparison to physics, chemistry and mathematics.\"We closed admissions to electronics after the fifth list at 82%, while physics was closed in the third list only at 89%. Students now realise that the options with BSc in electronics are limited as they could pursue research or go for higher studies in only MSc or an MCA. However, opting for broad-based subjects like physics, chemistry , mathematics, botany, etc, offers more avenues,\" says SK Garg, principal, DDUC.Adding to this, Sodhi says, electronics is a specialised field, which is a good option if taken up at the postgraduate level after having studied a broader discipline at the undergraduate level or pursued a BTech in electronics.The cut-off for BSc (H) electronics went down to 70% at Shaheed Rajguru College. \"Preference for the subject has reduced nowadays as students realise that pursuing a BTech or going for fundamental science courses is a better option. Besides, students from pure sciences are eligible for opting electronics at the postgraduate level, but students with electronics cannot opt for any other subject at the MSc level ,\" adds Jasjeet Kaur, admission convenor for the college.Admissions to Delhi University will close on July 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14967202", "title": "Fees regulatory committee still a distant dream", "text": "BHOPAL: The fees regulatory committee which would have put an end to all the woes of parents over hiked fees in private schools may still take some time to see the light of day.The fees committee is scheduled to be one of the provisions made in the Private School Regulatory Bill to be tabled in Vidhan Sabha, school education departments sources. When the bill is passed in the assembly, it will pave the way for formation of fees regulatory committee.\"The Private School Regulatory Bill is currently being drafted. It is still under consideration,\" Sabhajeet Yadav, director public instructions told TOI.\"This kind of regulation has been implemented in the technical education colleges which has in real terms affected the standard and quality of education in such institutes,\" he said.Yadav said a team was sent to some other states like Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh where such fees regulation is in effect to study the impact of such regulation and whether it is damaging the education system or not.\"We will try and get it approved by the state cabinet in this academic session only,\" he added.On March 26, TOI had carried a story on the Private School Regulatory Bill, where Sabhajeet Yadav had said, \"We are trying that it is endorsed by the cabinet before presenting it in the assembly ahead of the next academic session in July next year.\"The bill was aimed at ensuring that private schools do not exploit the students and their guardians charging exorbitant fees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "14974502", "title": "Beheaded body of Silchar businessman found in his bathroom", "text": "SILCHAR: An affluent businessman was hacked to death on Sunday afternoon at Nilambazar, 16 km from Karimganj town.A police officer said Babul Baidyakar (40) was found dead in the bathroom of his house situated at the heart of Nilambazar, a business hub at 3 pm on Sunday. \"He was beheaded and there were injury marks in other parts of his body. It is suspected that the miscreants used sharp weapons to kill him,\" said the OC of Nilambazar Police Station Tanvir Ahmed.Babul's sister found the body lying in a pool of blood in the bathroom. She dragged the body out and raised an alarm. Later, the family members informed police about the incident.Police are yet to confirm the circumstances behind the death of the businessman. \"It is not known whether Babul's family members or miscreants are involved in the incident and no one is arrested till now,\" the police officer said.The murder of the businessman in broad daylight has triggered a fresh sense of fear and tension in the area. Police have tightened security in and around the area.Only on Saturday, a group of miscreants shot to death Jalal Uddin, an accused in a murder case at Patharkandi locality in the district. On July 6, miscreants shot dead Tofail Ahmed, a senior AIUDF leader at Bhanga in the same district. The leaders' college-going son Ahrar Ahmed alias Naz was abducted and killed in November last year. Sananda Das, a school teacher was kidnapped from Ramkrishnanagar locality of Karimganj district on June 20 and his body was exhumed on July 3.Assam minister for irrigation Ardhendu Dey, during his visit to Karimganj last week, said miscreants in the border district flee to Bangladesh . Therefore, it becomes difficult for the police to book the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14991405", "title": "VP poll: CPM to support Ansari, RSP to abstain", "text": "NEW DELHI: CPM and Forward Bloc on Monday declared their support for incumbent Hamid Ansari in the vice-presidential poll but another Left party RSP has decided to abstain.CPI will take a decision on the issue on Wednesday at a meeting of its central secretariat, D Raja, CPI national secretary, said.In a statement, the CPM Polit Bureau said the party has decided to support the candidature of Ansari for the post.Forward Bloc also extended its support to the UPA candidate for the August 7 election.\"He was our candidate last time also. He never landed in a controversy in the past five years,\" Forward Bloc national secretary G Deverajan said.RSP leader Abani Roy said his party will abstain in the vice-presidential election. RSP has taken the same for the presidential poll.\"Since we are opposed to the policies of UPA-II government, we are abstaining in the presidential election. We will be taking the same stand for the vice-presidential poll,\" Roy said.CPM has 27 MPs and Forward Bloc three lawmakers while CPI has six and RSP two.The UPA is comfortably placed in the electoral college for the vice-presidential poll comprising 790 MPs. With the backing of outside supporters like Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party and others, the UPA has nearly 500 MPs on its side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "14972239", "title": "Four held in Lohardaga, 1.69kg ganja seized", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Four youths were arrested by town police for selling ganja in the local market of Lohardaga on Friday and 1.690 kg ganja was seized from them. Sub-divisional police officer (SDPO) Ram Gulam Sharma said the youths were involved in an illegal ganja trade.They brought their ganja stock from Chatra and were selling it in the local market.\"PC Deogam, officer-incharge of town police station arrested one Aarif Ansari from Manho Chowk and seized the ganja. Later during interrogation, Ansari named two of his companions \u2014 Nafis Khan of Bagaru Road and Jafar Iquebal of Islam Nagar.Police nabbed them and later caught another of their accomplice \u2014 Sunain Obedullah,\" said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-16"}
