{"city": "patna", "code": "17223143", "title": "Air, noise pollution norms violated on Diwali", "text": "PATNA: Flouting the norms set by Patna district administration and Bihar State Pollution Control Board (BSPCB), Patnaites burst high-intensity crackers after 10pm on Diwali night on Tuesday. Despite repeated appeals from the BSPCB and environment activists, both air and noise pollution levels exceeded the prescribed limits during the festival of lights (and sound!).The BSPCB had set up two check points, one at Gandhi Maidan and another at Beltron Bhawan, Shastri Nagar, to monitor ambient air pollution and one check point at Boring Road crossing to watch noise pollution level on Diwali. Not only were these levels more than the average of normal days but were also higher than the permitted levels, with the trend of bursting crackers late night on the rise.The average noise level at the Boring Road crossing on Diwali evening (6pm to 10pm) was recorded at 84.63 decibels (dB) while that for Diwali night (10pm to 12am) was measured at 83.6 dB, much above the prescribed limit of 65 dB for commercial areas. Compared to last four years' data, the noise pollution level saw an upward trend. The night-time noise level average was 72.39 dB in 2009 that increased to 89.1 dB in 2010, showed a southward trend in 2011 at 81.07 dB and again shot up to 84.63 dB this year.BSPCB officials said, \"Boring Road area is considered a posh one of the city. People there are aware of pollution control norms and yet do not conform to the laws. Even some firecracker shops were open till midnight at the crossing.\" Even the noise pollution level monitored on November 6 was found to be beyond the limit.The ambient air quality was monitored for respirable suspended particulate matter (RSPM), nitrogen oxides and sulphur dioxide (SO2). The permissible level of RSPM is 100 microgram per cubic metre, which shot up to an average of 486 at Gandhi Maidan and 407 at Beltron Bhavan on Diwali. The nitrogen oxide levels and the gaseous concentration of SO2 also increased with respect to normal days, but were within permissible limit.Despite the national ban on high noise producing crackers, many deafening bombs and rockets were burst by people. Subhash Chandra Singh, chairman, BSPCB, said, \"There is a kind of competition to burst crackers nowadays. Despite our appeals, greater awareness and participation of people are required to control pollution level during Diwali.\"In an independent survey by the Environmental Science Department of A N College, the noise pollution levels were above the permitted levels. However, Bihari Singh, head of the department, said, \"Environment awareness programmes have led to about 10% decrease in bursting of crackers, but it is difficult to change habits immediately. Government authorities need to implement the laws strictly and people need to be willing to conform to the norms.\" Incidentally, Singh said, the firecracker sellers this year complained of a sharp decline in the number of cracker buyers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17222000", "title": "HC sets aside Rs 15L tax notice to engineering college, says claim incorrect", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has come to the rescue of an engineering college in Villupuram district which was asked to pay Rs 15 lakh property tax. Setting aside the notices issued to Idhaya Engineering College for Women at Chinnasalem, the court said the claim has been made under an incorrect provision of law.Justice M Jaichandren said the authorities are not in a position to show that prior notice had been issued to the college. They could issue a fresh notice under the relevant provisions of law and give a hearing to the college management, the judge said.The tax claims were issued by the Chinnasalem town panchayat's executive officer in January and August this year.In a notice dated January 20, the civic body demanded a property tax of 7.27 lakh, and in another notice on August 22, it asked for 7.77 lakh.Assailing the notices, Isaac Mohanlal, counsel for the college, submitted that the town panchayat had neither power nor authority to issue such notices under the Tamil Nadu Panchayats Act, 1994, because the college was located in a town panchayat, which is governed by the Tamil Nadu District Municipalities Act, 1920. Section 83 of the Municipalities Act provided specific tax exemption to educational institutions. Also, neither a show-cause notice was issued nor the views of the college obtained before the demand notice was slapped, he submitted.In her petition, college secretary Sister Philomin Mary contended that a similar tax notice issued for the year 2001-2002 was not followed up by the local authorities after the college management sent a reply citing correct legal provisions. The last such communication came in 2003 and that too stopped after 2004 when a legal notice was served on the local body.Noting that the tax notice has come seven years later, Mary said the panchayat authorities were threatening to attach college buildings and other assets if the tax is not paid. She wanted the court to quash the notice as being arbitrary and illegal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17221314", "title": "'Bovine fest a magnet for globetrotters'", "text": "RANCHI: Enthused by the rich cultural heritage of the indigenous people of Hazaribag and the way they celebrate Sohrai, an anthropologist from the Oxford University , London David Geary expressed his views about the possibility of developing the region as a tourist hotspot . Geary was a part of the 10-member team that visited Bhelwara village to interact with the villagers and he took part in Sohrai celebrations, the cattle festival that follows Diwali celebrations.Geary, who has been visiting Bihar-Jharkhand in connection with his research project on Bodh Gaya and the temples there, said he was interested in knowing the cultural heritage of the indigenous people here. \"Anthropologically the place has immense value as we can witness a living tradition. There are murals on the walls which date back to several hundred years and have been surviving on the walls of the mud houses,\" he said. When asked if he finds any resemblance between the indigenous cultures of the east and the west, Geary said fishing is the main occupation in the North West, coast from where he belongs, whereas in Jharkhand the main occupation is farming. \"The motifs and iconography could be different but the spirit of celebration is similar,\" he said.The team also comprised research fellow from University of East Anglia (Scotland), Ruth MacDougall who has been staying different aspects of tribal culture and heritage. Two artists from Kolkata, Palash and Bidhan Mallick, attended the ceremony to understand the art form of wall painting, common in tribal homes.Regional convener Indian National Trust for art and cultural heritage (INTACH), Bulu Imam said most of the mud houses in Bhelwara are painted with murals depicting animals, snakes and nature. \"Sohrai includes making of aripan (Rangoli) in the courtyard, using powdered rice flour and other natural colours, followed by smearing colours on the cattle and decking them up,\" Imam said, adding that the cattle are then allowed to move to the forests for grazing.During Sohrai new harvest is used to decorate the cattle which is also offered to them. The cattle return home on their own. \"Return of the cattle is celebrated the next day during Khuntan when they are tied to the 'khunta' and then worshipped amidst music played with the help of traditional tribal musical instruments,\" he said. The event is sometimes followed by a friendly bull fight organized by villagers from two different areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "17222476", "title": "Four Bangaloreans killed in road accident in Hassan", "text": "HASSAN: Four Bangaloreans died on the spot when a truck collided with their Toyota Qualis at Jodukatte in Channarayapatna taluk at 3.30am on Wednesday.The deceased are Manjunath, 34, Venkateshmurthy, 50, Govinda, 30, and Babraju, 44. All the four were on their way to Dharmasthala from Bangalore in the Qualis.Channarayapatna police said: \"The truck driver was on the wrong side and we suspect that he was speeding and probably dozing off. We have seized the truck and searching for the driver.\" A case has been registered in the Channarayapatna police station. Police said the victims, residents of Banahalli, Sarjapur hobli, Anekal taluk, were involved in agriculture work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17223213", "title": "Bhai Dooj, a delight for sisters", "text": "PATNA: Within 24 hours of Diwali, the city is set to celebrate 'Bhai Dooj' on Thursday, with sisters ready to wish their dear brothers good luck. Reciprocating their boundless love, the brothers will give gifts and money to their beloved sisters.'Bhai Dooj' or 'Yama Dwitiya' has an interesting legend behind its origin. Yamraj, the god of death, visited his sister Yami on this particular day. She put the auspicious tilak on his forehead, garlanded him and fed him with special dishes. While parting, Yamraj gave her a special gift as a token of his love and in return, Yami also gave him a lovely gift which she had made with her own hands. That day, Yamraj announced that anyone who receives tilak from his sister will never see a bad day.Like many others, 24-year-old Pooja Sahai too waits eagerly for this festival, which is celebrated with much joy and splendour at her home. \"We first do Govardhan puja in which we worship Yam and his sister Yami, which is followed by song sung by all the women of the family cursing our brothers. But later, as a mark of remorse, we prick our tongues with the thorn of regani plant. Meanwhile, all the males perform the puja of 'kalam' and 'dawat',\" she explained and added that the puja ends with applying tika on the forehead of the brother. Exchange of gifts is an important ceremony.Manisha Priyadarshi, a college student, says, \"This year, only our eldest brother is with us and we will miss our younger brother, but I have decided what I will give him as a present when he will be home.\" Her sister, Guddi, too echoed the excitement and said she mostly got a box of chocolates from her brothers, but this year wanted money from him so that she could buy things on her wishlist.Not only sisters but their brothers too look forward to 'Bhai Dooj'. Girish Gaurav said he waits for this day as he receives 'kerav' (dried and hardened peas) sent by his married sister through courier, and he swallows them to mark the occasion. \"When she was with us, she used to tie a string of cotton made with her own hands and then apply tilak on my forehead,\" he recalled.'Bhai Dooj' is among the favourite festivals of the Bengalis of the city too. While for Apurba Paul 'Bhai Dooj' beckons her eight brothers across the country, her aunt Parineeta Paul laments that she has to contend by only wishing her brothers on phone. \"I convey my blessings to my younger brothers on the phone itself, but whenever I visit them I make sure to take presents for them,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17223323", "title": "Cracker burn victims pour into hospital", "text": "BANGALORE: While Adarsha M, 9, who suffered a serious eye injury on Tuesday , is still battling to regain his sight, about 40 more people, mostly children, were hospitalized late Tuesday night and Wednesday.They were brought in with mild to severe eye injuries to various eye hospitals in Bangalore, which registered 2-12 cases each. Young children accounted for most of the patients.At the government-run Minto Eye Hospital, 12 patients were admitted with minor to severe eye injuries, with three undergoing surgeries on Wednesday. Five cases, mostly of minor injuries, were reported at Narayana Nethralaya, 12 at Sankara Eye Hospital , six at Devi Eye Hospital and two each at Samprathi Eye Hospital and Rangalakshmi Nethralaya in Yelahanka. Said Dr Bhujang Shetty, chairman, Narayana Nethralaya: \"We've registered over 50 cases of eye injuries due to cracker accidents in the past two days. Many of these are severe and the patients will require surgeries. The condition of Adarsha, who underwent surgery yesterday, is still serious and he will require a lot of post-surgical care. We cannot say how long it will take him to recover from his injuries.\"Dr Arun Samprathi, MD, Samprathi Eye Hospital, said two patients were brought to the hospital late Tuesday night. \"A 6-year-old boy, who injured his right eye after a cracker accidentally burst, underwent surgery on Wednesday morning. Multiple foreign particles were found in his eye and it will take him 7-10 days to recover.\"On Tuesday, 49 cases of eye injuries were reported from Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17222715", "title": "Two teenagers held for stealing rickshaws", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Poonthura police on Tuesday apprehended two teenagers aged 17 and 15 on charges of vehicle-lifting. They were arrested from Muttathara while travelling in one of the two autorickshaws they had stolen from their neighbourhood a few days ago. They were going to Marthandam outside the city to sell the vehicle off when the police team arrested them.The youth had lifted one auto rickshaw from Vallakkadavu and the other from Pathekkar near Valiathura. They were produced before the Juvenile Justice Board and sent to the Juvenile Home.The Poonthura police said that, they nabbed the teenagers while checking the vehicles at Muttathra. The police got suspicious when they saw the two and grew suspicious about their age. After being taken into custody, they confessed to stealing another autorickshaw a few days before that. Based on their statement, the police recovered the vehicle parked behind the bushes beside the Kovalam bypass road near Thiruvallom. The older boy was released from the rescue home just a week ago after being apprehended for a similar crime he had committed at Vizhinjam with another person.The police also said that the duo lifted the vehicles in a rather professional way. They severed the fuse wire of the vehicles and then connected the wires to the ignition and started the vehicle.\"We suspect that the kids are suffering from a serious mental disorder owing to which they commit thefts,\" said Poonthura circle inspector C S Vinod.He said that the teenagers are from Beemapally near Valiathura and are also close relatives. The elder one has been engaged in thefts for the past two years.He started stealing goods such as mobile phones when he turned 15. He had also been apprehended by the police and sent to juvenile home several times before. The younger one joined him recently. The police suspect that he learned the trick of starting locked vehicles from someone he had got acquainted inside the juvenile home.The police also said that the duo had also stolen four mobile phones after breaking into a few houses in their neighbourhood. They made use of their proximity to Beemapally market, where there are numerous electronics good shops as they could easily sell off the phones at the shops there. The police have recovered these phones from the shops.Following this incident, the CI on Wednesday issued a notice to the vendors at Beemapally market directing them not to accept second hand goods from people without an identity card.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17223089", "title": "Well-preserved tree fossils from Jurassic age found in Chhattisgarh", "text": "RAIPUR: In a discovery that might excite geologists the world over, researchers of the State Forest Research and Training Institute (SFRTI) in Chhattisgarh have said that they have discovered tree fossils that date back about 250 million years - or the Jurassic age. The discovery could be a precursor to more such findings in the Sarguja region, known for its rich fossil reserves.SFRTI director K C Yadav said that this was the first discovery of tree fossils in Chhattisgarh of international significance. Evidence suggests that the fossils, dating to the lower Gondwana time scale, were discovered on the north side of the Tamor Pingla wildlife sanctuary, in north Sarguja forest division.During the exploration, scientists discovered an 18ft fossil stump of a tree measuring 10ft in diameter in a well-preserved state, along with six other large sections. They also found the fossil stump of another tree, which was 43ft long and 6ft in diameter, by the roadside in the forest.Yadav said that the fossils are likely to be of the Glossopteris and Araucaria species. As fossils of different types and sizes are present in abundance in the entire area, the principal chief conservator of wildlife and biodiversity, Ram Prakash, asked SFRTI to survey the area and prepare a plan for developing a fossil park of national level for the protection of these fossils.\"It will not only help researchers but also laymen to learn more about tree fossils,\" he said, adding that he has also approved Rs 4 lakh for the first phase of conservation of the area. Explaining the magnitude of the discovery, Yadav said, \"They are the oldest tree fossils found in India so far. Scientists from the Birbal Sahni Institute of Paleobotany (BSIP), Lucknow have also confirmed this.\"R C Mehrotra, a scientist at BSIP, said, \"We have taken samples of the fossils for examination, but a preliminary assessment suggests that they are the oldest fossils. After a month, we will give a report about the species of the trees.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17222146", "title": "Zilla panchayat will probe into suspension of panchayat development officials", "text": "BELGAUM: The Belgaum zilla panchayat will probe the suspension of 23 panchayat development officials. The officials were suspended in the last four months, following allegations of funds misappropriation in the National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (NREGS) and housing schemes.The ZP has appointed retired judge K R Kadaganur, who will conduct the hearing of suspended PDOs in a week. According to ZP sources, the job is entrusted to the retired judge in order to rule out political intervention. Belgaum ZP had bagged national award for its achievement in implementing NREGS scheme in 2010. Then CEO Ekroop Kaur received the award from Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.But later, a lot of objections were raised by the audit department over implementation of scheme and spending of funds in arbitrate manner. Meanwhile, Ajay Nagabhushan took charge as CEO in January 2012. He initiated inquiry into the points of objection as mentioned in audit report. He suspended 23 PDOs, some of whom were panchayat secretaries holding charge of panchayat development officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17228702", "title": "Varun Sandesh's film nearing completion", "text": "The Emaindi Ee Vela pair Varun Sandesh and Nisha Agarwal are teaming up once again for a new film taking shape in the direction of Bhanu Shankar. Pattikonda Kumar Swamy is the producer of the film.The movie has wrapped up 90% of its shooting and the Sri Kumaraswamy Productions banner film will be released shortly in January while the post-production activities will be wrapped up in December. The shooting schedules are taking place in and around Hyderabad.The feel good youthful entertainer also casts Suman, Dr Brahmanandam, Ali, M S Narayana, Dharmavarapu Subrahmaniam, Krishna Bhagawan in prominent roles. Music for the film is by Ravi Varma and cinematography is by G Srinivas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17229642", "title": "Stressed mums' babies get bullied at school", "text": "Children whose mothers were overly stressed during pregnancy are more likely to become victims of bullying at school, a new study has found.Scientists from the University of Warwick have shown that stress and mental health problems in pregnant women may affect the developing baby and directly increases the risk of the child being victimised in later life.The study is based on 8,829 children from the Avon Longtitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC).\"This is the first study to investigate stress in pregnancy and a child's vulnerability to being bullied. When we are exposed to stress, large quantities of neurohormones are released into the blood stream and in a pregnant woman this can change the developing foetus' own stress response system,\" Professor Dieter Wolke, Professor of Developmental Psychology at University of Warwick and Warwick Medical School, who led the study, said.\"Changes in the stress response system can affect behaviour and how children react emotionally to stress such as being picked on by a bully. Children who more easily show a stress reaction such as crying, running away, anxiety are then selected by bullies to home in to.\"The research team identified the main prenatal stress factors as severe family problems, such as financial difficulty or alcohol/drug abuse, and maternal mental health.\"The whole thing becomes a vicious cycle, a child with an altered stress response system is more likely to be bullied, which affects their stress response even further and increases the likelihood of them developing mental health problems in later life,\" Professor Wolke added.The study has been published in the Journal of Child Psychology and Psychiatry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17221284", "title": "Third 'swords' gangster held", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao police on Wednesday arrested the third accomplice of the two gangsters who were arrested last month by the Colva police after they were found in possession of swords. Aslam Gazi, who had managed to give the cops a slip, was finally nabbed at Khareband, police sources told TOIThe police had earlier recovered 68 mobiles and an industrial gas cylinder from Khwaja Aslam Shaikh and Irfan Khatal Shaikh after they were arrested by the police. The duo had committed thefts at several places in Goa and they also had several cases registered against them by the Belgaum police.Police are investigating the complicity of Gazi in the crimes committed by the gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "nadia/kolkata", "code": "17221139", "title": "Riots erupt in Bengal, 1 dead in police firing", "text": "NADIA/KOLKATA: A 40-year-old man was killed in police firing at a communally sensitive town near the India-Bangladesh border in Nadia district on Wednesday, the second instance of cops clashing with villagers in the state in just over a week.On November 6, the day violence broke out at the site of a mining project at Loba in Birbhum district, protesters alleged the cops had opened fire at them, but both the police brass and the state government refuted that charge. On Wednesday, however, video footage of the firing at Hawlia Park in Tehatta, taken on a cellphone by a witness and shown on TV channels after it was rapidly circulated, forced the police to admit that three rounds were fired after tear gas and rubber bullets failed to disperse the mob. The clip showed the sub divisional police officer (SDPO) standing on a rooftop and firing at the mob from his handgun.\"Police opened three rounds of fire in self defence,\" said ADG (law and order) Surajit Kar Purakayastha. The mob ran amok after the firing and set vehicles ablaze.Organizers of a local Jagatdhatri Puja said trouble had been brewing in the area for some time over permission being denied to construct a pandal next to a dargah. District magistrate Abhinav Chandra said permission was denied because a decision had taken after last year's Jagatdhatri Puja by members of both communities not to hold any religious activity at the spot.The person killed in the firing was identified as 40-year-old Ashok Sen. Subhamoy Ghosh (40), who was critically injured, is being treated at Krishnagar hospital. Several people received lathi blows. The state government has announced a compensation of Rs 2 lakh for Sen's family. The injured will also receive compensation, officials said. Five people have been arrested.While the BJP, which claimed Sen was a member, slammed the government, Congress leader and minister of state for railways Adhir Choudhury said the police had turned trigger-happy under Mamata Banerjee's rule. Leader of the opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra said the issue could have been resolved through talks.The district magistrate said, \"No prayer meets were held at the dargah over the last several months. A few weeks ago, when the puja organizers sought permission from the police, it was denied. Recently, the organizers were offered a much larger plot, barely 55 feet from where the Puja used to be held. On Wednesday morning, the police found a pandal was being constructed at the old spot. Trouble started when the organizers were asked to dismantle the structure. At 8.20am, a mob gathered and blocked the Krishnanagar-Karimpur Road at Hawlia Park,\" Chandra said.Purakayastha said district administration had held a meeting to resolve the dispute. \"Today, locals staged a road blockade. They pelted stones and hurled bombs when the police tried to disperse the crowd. The crowd then led a siege at the Tehatta SDPO's residence, putting the lives of the police officer's wife and his one-year-old kid at risk. The police opened fire to avert violence. Eight policemen were injured in the clash that followed,\" he said. The senior cop refused to comment on Sen's death. \"A magisterial inquiry has been ordered into the violence,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17222725", "title": "Elders are the worst hit when traffic comes to a standstill", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: With traffic diversions becoming a regular affair in the city owing to various Secretariat marches and dharnas, the commuters are forced to bear the brunt. The worst-affected are the elderly citizens who arrive in the city to receive their monthly pension from the treasury at Statue. Either they have to get down at Palayam or Ayurveda junction and wait for the strike to end or they are forced to go 2 to 3 kilometres by foot in the hot sun.The agony does not end there. The more the number of dharnas, more bitter the ordeal. Often, they are also forced to walk back to the bus stops. They can't even opt for autos on such days because of traffic diversions. The junction at the Martyrs' Square is a mess when traffic diversions are imposed. The vehicles coming from Bakery Junction, General Hospital and Palayam converge at this point and with the traffic lights switched off, chaos erupt.The bus-passengers get off at Palayam since the buses are diverted via the flyover. People are left with no other option but to walk. Only the patients who come to General Hospital prefer to wait till the vehicular traffic along statue-Palayam stretch is restored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17222309", "title": "BJP takes credit for Centre's schemes: Cong", "text": "MANGALORE: Dakshina Kannada District Congress Committee (DCC) has alleged that the BJP leaders are portraying central government schemes as contributions of the state government.DCC president B Ramanatha Rai said that the UPA government had sanctioned over Rs 200 crore for the implementation of various schemes in addition to Rajiv Gandhi Grameen Vidyutikaran Yojana in the district for the year 2012-13.He added that the centre had released Rs 21 crore for the implementation of National Rural Drinking Water Programme and reserved Rs 51.37 crore for SSA schemes and Rs 11.24 crore for Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mandrem", "code": "17221176", "title": "'Poor facilities, police harassment will drive tourists from Pernem'", "text": "MANDREM: The pristine beaches of Mandrem, Arambol, Morjim, Junas and Keri in Pernem taluka, which have the potential to attract large number of tourists, lack proper infrastructure facilities.These beaches lack proper accommodation, beach lighting, garbage disposal site and dressing rooms. Besides, frequent harassment meted out to the tourists by the policemen over the years may drive away tourists from these beautiful beaches, say villagers.A shackowner Suhas Prabhu, from Khalchawada in Arambol, pointed out that lack of proper infrastructure facilities as well as harassment by the police men has resulted in a decline of tourists at Arambol beach over the last couple of years.Besides this, taxi operators also opined that the number of tourists may decline in future because of the harassment meted out to them by the police.Three years ago, four police officials were suspended by the government after they were found accepting bribes from the foreigners. One officer was caught in a video film while harassing the visitors and demanding money from them.\"Pernem beaches are popular tourist destinations, yet the beaches have no changing rooms or toilets for women. Due to this, they are forced to book a hotel room,\" said Tara Hadfadkar, ex-sarpanch of Mandrem.George Richardson, a Dane, who is a regular visitor at Arambol beach, told TOI that police should not harass the visitors unnecessarily. Richardson also brought to the notice of the authorities concerned that basic amenities and infrastructural facilities are essential in order to maintain tourism in Pernem.When asked about measures taken by Arambol village panchayat to overcome the infrastructure problem being faced by visitors at Arambol beach, sarpanch Herculin Rodrigues informed TOI that joint efforts of all four panchayats of coastal villages are essential not only to overcome the infrastructure problem but other problems as well at all beaches in Pernem taluka .Panchayat member Dwarkanath Naik told TOI that all panchayat members have approached the panchayat minister asking for facilities like toilets and changing rooms along these beaches.The panchayat minister promised to solve the problem at the earliest, said Naik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17232129", "title": "Excited to see if American fans will embrace F1: Michael Schumacher", "text": "NEW DELHI: Michael Schumacher's long and illustrious career is slowly coming to an end. The last two races of the season will be the final ones before he walks off into the sunset.The first of the two will see Formula One return to the United States this weekend at Austin, Texas. The seven-time world champion is looking forward to driving on the Circuit of the Americas. \"My wife and I have been big fans of the USA, and also of Texas, for many years, so I'm particularly looking forward to the race. I'm really excited to see what kind of track we will find and to see if the American fans will embrace our sport,\" Schumacher, who finished in 11th place in Abu Dhabi, said.Schumacher has struggled throughout the season, with a third place finish at the European Grand Prix being his best result. The German driver is in 16th place in the Driver's Standings with 43 points.\"From the pictures and layouts of the circuit that I have already seen, everything looks very good. I think Formula One will put on a good show at the Circuit of The Americas, and naturally I will be giving my best to be a part of that,\" the Mercedes GP driver said.His teammate Nico Rosberg has also been struggling off late having failed to finish three of his last four races this season. \"It will be very exciting to race in the USA again and I'm really looking forward to our visit. The United States Grand Prix should be a great event and a real show for our American fans. I can't wait to drive on the Circuit of The Americas track for the first time in practice next Friday.\"I spent some time practising on the simulator at the factory this week so I know what to expect and, as a team, we are as well prepared as we can be from our simulator work,\" Rosberg said.Rosberg, who is currently 8th in the championship with 93 points, is looking forward to the challenge of driving at the COTA. \"The track looks cool with a great double S section to begin the lap and it looks like there should be some good opportunities for overtaking. We really want to end the season on a positive note so we'll be aiming to score some points next weekend,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bangalore/ belgaum", "code": "17221971", "title": "'Nobody should die like my daughter'", "text": "BANGALORE/ BELGAUM: Praveen Halappanavar is heading back to Ireland to \"fight for justice\".The 34-year-old engineer with Boston Scientific in Galway wants to continue working there and carry on his fight for justice following the death of his Savita. However, he doesn't have much hope on Indian authorities in his fight, but is banking more on the authorities and the people of Ireland.Though at first he refused to speak to TOI by saying: \"When the Indian embassy couldn't help me, how can you help? Nothing can be done from here. It's too late. I'm tired. I'm flying there tomorrow (Thursday).''Praveen is unhappy over the behavior of Indian embassy officials after the death of his wife on October 28. \"It's the typical Indian way of handling things. Monday (a day after the death) was a government holiday and they were not willing to go out of the way to help,'' he said.Praveen said the family never imagined it would be such a tragedy. \"We thought she would be fine,''' he said.He's keenly following the developments in Ireland after Savita's death and gets frequent updates from his friends. \"The PM has given an assurance and the issue has been discussed in the Irish Parliament. The investigation is being done by an independent agency,'' said Praveen.Parents' agonyAndaneppa Sangappa Yalagi and Akkamahadevi can't hold back their tears. They were with their daughter a week before her death.The couple had gone to Ireland on learning their daughter was pregnant. \"We were in Ireland for three months and left for India on October 22 to be here for Dasara. She was healthy and came to the airport to drop us. She only had back pain. I can't believe she is dead,'' said Andaneppa Sangappa Yalagi, a retired executive engineer from KPTCL and a resident of Srinagar in Belgaum city.Savita has two brothers. Yalagi says his daugther was good in studies and extracurricular activities in school and college. \"When she was in Class 10, she secured first place in a state-level impromptu speech competition. She was a dancer and functioned as a cultural secretary for the Indian community in Ireland,'' he said.She completed her graduation in dentistry from KLE Dental College, Belgaum. Her marriage to Praveen, a resident of Haveri, happened four years ago. She had done her one-year mandatory practice in Ireland.'Change the laws'Andaneppa Sangappa Yalagi wants abortion laws changed, not just in Ireland but in other countries too. He holds Ireland and its laws responsible for his daugher's death. \"At least from now on, nobody should die like my daughter. Abortion laws should be changed in Ireland and such countries. I hope the ongoing discussions will help change them,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17221905", "title": "Mystery shrouds man\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death in outer Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man was found dead near the Bawana canal under mysterious circumstances, three days after he went missing . The deceased, Mohammad Nal (22), was a resident of Bawana JJ Colony and had reportedly died after drowning, said police.Nal, a labourer, had jumped into the canal on November 13 after he was attacked by some unidentified men, said sources.According to DCP (outer) B S Jaiswal, \"Nal was returning home on November 10 when some unidentified men attacked him. He was reportedly beaten up for trying to snatch money from some DSIDC workers in Narela. Investigations are on to ascertain the exact sequence of events,'' said Jaiswal.Talking to TOI, Nal's father Hamid and his neighbour Mehfuz Alam said that Nal had told them that he was being attacked near his residence at JJ Colony. \"Nal was targeted for protesting against the sale of drugs in the colony. We had asked police to intervene but they did nothing,'' claims Alam, who added that Nal had attended several IAC meetings in outer Delhi.However, DCP Jaiswal denied receiving any PCR calls on November 10. \"We had received two PCR calls on November 11. We are not aware of the deceased's links with IAC,'' said Jaiswal. He added that so far no case has been found against Nal that establishes him as a snatcher \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a claim that was made by local police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17222045", "title": "Diwali celebrations 1,200 tonnes \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcdirtier\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 than last year in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Heaps of burnt crackers, mithai boxes and wrappers added to the waste generated in the city on Diwali. This year Delhi produced 1,000-1,200 metric tonnes more Diwali waste than last year, according to the three municipal corporations. Last year, 5,785 tonnes of waste was generated on Diwali eve and 3,563 tonnes on Diwali. This year, the numbers are 6,888 tonnes and 4,446 tonnes, respectively.\"There is a 10-12% increase in waste generated during Diwali this year. On usual days, close to 1,900 tonnes is dumped at our Ghazipur landfill but during Diwali the quantity goes up by 250-300 tonnes,\" said Mehak Singh, chairman, standing committee, East Delhi corporation.With most sanitation workers taking off on Wednesday for Govardhan Puja, officials said not much waste could be removed. \"In the next few days, more garbage will be dumped at the landfills. In the last few years, there has been a gradual increase of 1,000-1,500 metric tonnes in waste generated on Diwali,\" said an official with North Delhi Municipal Corporation that produced the maximum waste.On Diwali eve, 2,728 metric tonnes of waste was dumped at Bhalswa and Bawana landfills while 2,083 tonnes was dumped at Okhla landfill that is with South Delhi Municipal Corporation.Officials said special arrangements are needed after Diwali to pick up burnt crackers. \"Cardboard and paper litter the road. They do not weigh much but our staff has to put in special efforts. Though most of the sanitation staff was on leave, we collected 1,748 tonne waste till 12 noon on Wednesday,\" said Mahinder Nagpal, leader of the house in North corporation.In east Delhi, hassled residents had to make their own arrangements to remove the Diwali litter. The sanitation workers' union in east Delhi, meanwhile, struck work. \"Our arrears dating back to 2003 are yet to be cleared. Our demand for regularization is hanging fire,\" said Akhil Singh, a sanitation worker with the corporation.Officials said street cleaning will not pick up until Friday as workers are expected to stay away on Thursday for Bhaidooj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17221891", "title": "4 out of 10 Bangaloreans are obese", "text": "BANGALORE: For every 10 Bangaloreans, four are obese. The IT capital is just a spot behind another growing metropolitan city of the South -Kochi ---- when it comes to obesity. A recently compiled survey by market research firm AC Nielsen has put Kochi at number 1 in India with 46% incidence of obesity and Bangalore close behind at No.2 with 43% incidence. The all-India survey was conducted on 30 million people.As for the other two South cities, Chennai scored 38% while Hyderabad 30% incidence of obesity.Rapid urbanization, transformation to metro, lifestyle alteration and poor diet are said to be the causes.\"Basically, the sudden urbanization of the two-tier cities, transformation to metros and altered lifestyle are to be blamed for increasing obesity. People prefer to use transport over walking small distance and eat junk food. There is no time to exercise because of hectic work schedules. All this has multiplied into increasing obesity in growing south Indian cities like Kochi and Bangalore,\" said Dr M Ramesh, bariatric and diabetic surgeon, Vikram Hospital.Working in different shifts and almost round-the-clock, which is prevalent in IT sector and call centres, not eating on time and less physical activity are being blamed for increasing obesity amongst Bangaloreans. The survey found that 71% Bangaloreans preferred eating fried and fatty food while 43% preferred eating junk food like pizzas and burgers over healthy diet. Compared to Bangalore, 53% in Chennai, 67% in Hyderabad and 59% in Kochi preferred eating fried and fatty food, while 8% in Chennai, 38% in Hyderabad and 25% in Kochi preferred junk food.It is also said that 22% of those surveyed did not do or never intend to do anything to control their increasing weight. 33% in Chennai, 15% in Hyderabad and 17% in Kochi said that they did nor or never intend to do anything to control their increasing weight.Indian gene is also said to be one of the causes. Said Dr Nandakishore Dukkipati, bariatric surgeon and MD, Livelife Hospitals, Hyderabad: \"Obesity is a multifactorial disorder. Besides lifestyle changes, the genetic structure also plays a role in increasing obesity. Indian and most of Asia-Pacific population have mutation of MC4R genes, which essentially increases the risk of putting of extra weight around the waistline and thereby leading to obesity.\"Increasing age a factorThe survey, completed in July this year, also found that obesity risk increased with increasing age. In Bangalore, 8% of those surveyed were in the age group of 20-30 years while 24% were in the age group of 41-55 and 29% above 55 years. Said Dr Ramesh: \"With increasing age, the factors leading to obesity like lack of physical activity and hormonal changes accumulate. Especially in women , drastic hormonal changes are noticed after crossing the age of 40, which leads to increasing weight. With increasing age, metabolism slows down, calorie intake is more compared to physical activity which increases obesity risk. Overweight leads to diseases like diabetes , hypertension, kidney and heart malfunction.\"36% Bangaloreans eat out once a weekThe two IT cities of South have higher frequency when it comes to eating out. While 36% of Bangaloreans said that they eat out at least once a week, it is 17% in Hyderabad. While 6% in Bangalore said that they eat out every day, the figure is 14% for Hyderabad. In Chennai, 0% people surveyed said that they eat out every day, while in Kochi it is 10%.Dr HV Shivaram, chief of gastrointestinal and bariatric surgery, Columbia Asia Hospitals, said: \"Obesity is directly related to behavioural and environmental factors. Eating out falls under behavioural pattern. Today, food is readily available by simply making a phone call and at affordable rate. Outside food is rich in oil, fats and calories, which increases weight. Eating out for a long period of time can increase the risk of obesity and lead to many complementary diseases. Physical activity is a must.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17210493", "title": "Diwali: Mumbai tones it down as crackers cost a bomb", "text": "MUMBAI: Inflation seems to have kept noise decibels under check this year. Across localities, residents spoke about how quiet Diwali was this year.Sisters Nishita Gupte (16) and Yukti Gupte (14), residents of Tarapore Gardens, Andheri (W), decided not to burst crackers this year after they saw a tree nearly catch fire last year.\"Crackers also cause pollution, which affects people suffering from asthma. The mess on the roads next day is unbearable,\" they said. Though less this year, people continued to burst crackers in their area till late in the night, they said.\"Last year, there were so many crackers lit up that a tree had caught fire. But this year, there is hardly any noise,\" said Jean D'Silva, a Marol resident.A south Mumbai resident, Nayan Momaya, said, there was a stream of crackers being burst, however, \"this year, the noise is bearable.\"The noise levels were similar in Bandra-Khar area too. \"It is much quieter. In fact, my mother has been wondering why there is so little noise,\" said Aftab Siddiqui, a local and civic activist.D Stalin , environmentalist and resident of Kanjurmarg, recorded noise levels of 108dB, but said it was sporadic. \"It is very quiet as compared to last year,\" he said.Sumaira Abdulali, convener of Awaaz Foundation said that the police needs to be commended for ensuring that crackers were not burst on the roads. \"However, the 10pm deadline has not been enforced,\" she said,However, residents from several areas in the city called up to say that though less in number, crackers were burst almost entirely on roads.\"At Marine Drive, policemen were unaware of the deadline. When approached, they said that they were waiting for instructions from their seniors to stop people from bursting crackers. However, near St Xavier's college, the police promptly stopped people from bursting crackers after 10pm sharp,\" Abdulali added.This year, people preferred aerial crackers to atom bombs. Even serial crackers were used sporadically in various areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17222602", "title": "Children return to school in violence-hit Dalit villages", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a positive indication that the situation is returning to normal in the Dalit settlements of Kondampatti, Natham and Anna Nagar, students are slowly returning to their schools a week after an angry mob went on a rampage in their locality setting fire to their homes and decamping with their valuables.The district administration and officials have been persuading the children to return to school but some of the affected families are still reluctant to send their children as they are yet to fully recover from the fear and trauma of the incident.Additional police presence outside the school and on the main route leading to the school is being provided as part of the strategy to instil confidence in the students and encourage them to return to school.In addition, the district police department had also deployed some of their men in plain clothes to accompany students to school, especially from Kondampatti and Natham areas.\"Police are providing security to students near schools and on the route to ensure safety and security,\" said Azra Garg, superintendent of police, Dharmapuri district.According to C Amuthavalli, chief education officer of Dharmapuri, the daily attendance rate in all major schools especially at Krishnapuram Higher Secondary School, Naickenkottai high school, Kondampatti middle and Puliampatti primary schools are showing improvement. On Thursday, as many as 120 students attended classes at Krishnapuram school. As of Thursday, 76 out of the 298 students in Naickenkottai attended school while 22 out of 70 students turned up in Kondampattu and a total of 18 students attended school in Puliyampatti.\"We are also planning to introduce a special bus service for the school children in the coming days if required. As of now students are slowly returning which is a positive sign,\" said R Lilly, District Collector, Dharmapuri.According to sources, a team of police headed by Superintendent Azra Garg had visited Natham and Kondampatti late on Wednesday night, where he went door to door, visiting the Dalit families to convince them to send their children to school. Numerous children had lost their note books and text books when the mob set their houses on fire. The education department has so far distributed 268 note books to the students from the affected areas, claimed officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17223343", "title": "Citizens' walk mark World Diabetes Day", "text": "PATNA: Various programmes were organized on Wednesday on the occasion of World Diabetes Day to mark the birthday of Frederick Banting , who along with Charles Best , was instrumental in the discovery of insulin.State Health Society (SHS), in association with Novo Nordisk, organized a walk from New Gardiner Road Hospital to Hartali Mor. Principal secretary, health department, Vyas Ji, flagged off the walk in which SHS executive director, Sanjay Kumar , also participated. A walk was also organized in Bhagalpur and Nalanda on the occasion, SHS state programme officer, Dr N K Mishra said.A daylong camp was also organized at the New Gardiner Road Hospital where blood samples of 133 persons were tested for diabetes free of the cost. Mishra said 25 patients had uncontrolled diabetes, 33 had their sugar level under control with medicines and 5 patients were neo-diabetic while 15 persons were diagnosed as borderline diabetics.Bihar branch of Indian Medical Association (IMA) also organized an diabetes awareness walk from IMA hall to JP roundabout. About 56 patients were tested at the camp. A seminar was also held in the Paediatrics department of Nalanda Medical College Hospital (NMCH) under the chairmanship of HoD of NMCH paediatrics department, Dr A K Thakur. Deputy director and HoD of Clinical Medicine, Rajendra Memorial Research Institute (ICMR), Dr Prabhat Kumar Sinha, was the special guest.According to a SHS and Novo Nordisk study conducted in three pilot districts of Patna , Nalanda and Bhagalpur, 11. 6% people of the three districts were suffering from diabetes. Experts say Type 1 and Type 2 are the two most common forms of diabetes.Noted diabetologist and president of Indian Association of Clinical Medicine, Dr Ajay Kumar , said Type 1 afflicts people in their first 20 years of life. Either insulin is not produced at all or produced in very low quantity. There is no preventive strategy for Type 1 diabetes, but those suffering from it can save themselves from further complications with desired modifications in diet and exercise, said Dr Ajay.Experts say more than 98% of diabetics in India are in Type 2 category. This happens when the body is not able to use insulin produced by it. It may be caused due to sedentary lifestyle or genetic reasons. In long-run, this could affect kidneys, eyes, heart, nerves and many other organs, he said.Early diagnosis and medication can prevent complications arising from diabetes. \"Symptoms like increased urine frequency, feeling thirsty and hungry at frequent intervals and weight loss, among others, are the common symptoms,\" said diabetologist Shaibal Guha. The myth of avoiding medication and merely regulation of diet to check diabetes increases the complexities, he said.Diabetes among children concerns experts the most. \"Though there is no identified cause, viral infection, genetic reason or any pancreatic disorder, apart from lifestyle, can cause it among children,\" Guha added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17225321", "title": "Vikram Bhatt\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s new film gets a supernatural spin", "text": "By now it's a well-known fact that supernatural thrillers and Vikram Bhatt go hand-in-hand. With the success of a string of films in that genre we hear Vikram is now on a revamp mission concerning some of his forthcoming films that were not part of the supernatural genre.Vikram Bhatt's Dubai-based thriller Bhaag Johnny about an Indian working in Dubai who gets framed into a blackmail conspiracy has a supernatural drama with special effects that would add at least Rs 2.5 crores to the film's original budget.According to a source, Kunal's character would meet his guardian angel who would offer him two options regarding the crisis in his life. Says the source, \"It's a completely unique spin to the supernatural theme whereby Kunal would meet an angel who would show Kunal the future that lies ahead for him in case he decides to commit the crime and the other option of not committing the crime and fleeing his blackmailers. Both the futuristic perspectives would be shown simultaneously on screen.\"When contacted Vikram Bhatt confirmed, \"We have added a very unique supernatural element to Bhaag Johnny . I can't f...k with my core audiences' expectations. After 1920, Haunted, Raaz 3 and 1920 Evil Returns audiences expect a supernatural element in my cinema. And I better deliver. In the new James Bond film Skyfall Daniel Craig goes existential on the audience. According to me you can't make a James Bond film and forget about the gadgets and girls and have Bond questioning his existence. When your brand is identified with a specific genre you better remain faithful to the brand and genre. That's what we will do in Bhaag Johnny .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17220995", "title": "Skill training for 10000 weavers", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government will train 10,000 weavers in skill development to ensure their gainful employment. Also, other welfare programmes will be converged at the field-level for integrated development of around 40,000 weavers' families.Sources said chief secretary B K Patnaik had recently asked the textile, handloom and handicraft departments to chalk out details of these convergences. District collectors will be sensitized about these programmes for better implementation. The government has also sought assistance from National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM) to bridge the gaps in handloom and handicraft clusters.He also asked the panchayati raj department to adopt 20 such clusters and intensify NRLM activities and take steps to provide concrete and wide roads to these clusters. The government will also keep a database of eligible weavers to be included in the pension schemes and also discussed different proposals such as providing infrastructure support for tassar godowns, tassar seed infrastructure, technical service centres and rearing house for mulberry. The health and family welfare department will cover handloom and handicraft villages under mobile health camps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17226168", "title": "Six Chambers of Commerce and Industry of Pakistan to participate in PHD-PITEX 2012", "text": "AMRITSAR: The state event PHD -Punjab International Trade Expo (PITEX) 2012 would be organized by PHD Chamber of Commerce and Industry from December 6th to 10th at, Amritsar informed Chairman, Punjab Committee, PHD Chamber Rajiv Bali while talking to TOI on Thursday.He informed that six chambers of Commerce and Industry from Pakistan have already confirmed their participation in PHD-PITEX 2012 . He claimed that this would be the largest ever Pakistan trade delegation crossing the border over the 5 days of the event.The participating chambers, he said, include Lahore Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Rawalpindi Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Islamabad Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Sheikhpura Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Sargodha Chamber of Commerce and Industry and Gujrat Chamber of Commerce and Industry.\"These Chambers will have one to one interactions with various industry associations of Punjab for furthering the common cause of bilateral business\" he said adding that PHD Chamber had a firm belief that the sound bilateral trade is most promising factor and the most potent solution to the disturbed scenario between both the countries.The participating industry associations from Punjab include Mohali Industries Association, Engineering Exports Promotion Council, Ludhiana Sewing Machines Manufacturers Association, Focal Point Industries Association, Rice Exporters Association, apart from the Amritsar based Textiles Manufacturers Association and Shawl Club, informed R S Sachdeva, Co- Chairman, Punjab Committee, PHD Chamber.More than 800 requests from Pakistani traders to visit PHD-PITEX 2012 have already been recommended for visas\", informed Dalip Sharma, Regional Director, PHD Chamber.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17221963", "title": "NH-17 widening work hits a roadblock", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Delay in acquiring land for the widening of National Highway-17 has resulted in cost overruns. It may also force the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) to compensate the contractors involved in the project.\"The inordinate delay would lead to the contractors walking out of the project. If the deadlock continues, it would be a big blow to the entire project,\" said M Subbarao, project director, project implementation unit of the NHAI.The Rs 3,823-crore project is to widen the existing two-lane carriageway into a four- lane corridor with a central median of 4.5 metre width. It would have two service roads on either sides complete with drains and a utility corridor and 1.5 metre paved shoulder.In several places along the stretch, local residents have formed action councils to oppose land acquisition.Another NHAI official said the contractors were entitled to compensation since the deadline for handing over the land had expired. \"However, none of them have so far raised any demand for the compensation,\" he said.The process for acquiring land on two stretches\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe 82-km Kannur-Vengalam and the 83-km Vengalam-Kuttippuram\u00e2\u20ac\u201dhas not been completed even after two years. The same is the case with third 126-km Thalappady-Kannur stretch. In Malappuram, the land survey was yet to begin.Incidentally, the gazette notification for acquiring land under Section 3A of the National Highways Act for the Vengalam- Kuttipuram stretch would expire in December 2012.The NHAI had earlier relaxed the right of way from 60 metres to 45 metres, considering the densely populated areas along the stretch. The project was being implemented under the National Highway Development Programme on Design, Build, Finance, Operate and Transfer (DBFOT) basis. The road would have two toll plazas, one at Azhiyoor in Kannur and another after Kottakkal.NHAI sources said the traffic density on the existing NH-17 stretch was so high that it might even be over the proposed four-lane capacity.NH Janakeeya Karma Samithi, which has been spearheading protests against the land acquisition in the district, said the 45-metre road would displace thousands of people.\"Why is the NHAI insisting on acquiring 45 metres when it can be done with 30 metres. Further, we now have information that it will have service road only in a 15-km stretch in the district and underpasses in just four places, which will affect the people very hard,\" C V Balagopal, chairman of the Samithi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17221331", "title": "Will use all means to make Pakistan quit terror: Hamid Karzai", "text": "Hamid Karzai, president of Afghanistan, is fighting several fires, not the least of which is the fact that Pakistan continues to want to support terrorist groups that are targeting Afghanistan and threatening it's future stability. But in an exclusive conversation with TOI during his state visit to India, Karzai shows he is ready to do battle -- to deter Pakistan from exporting terrorism, try to attract a reluctant Indian industry into investing in Afghanistan, but above all, keep his country from falling into the hands of the Taliban again.What happens to Afghanistan after the Nato withdraws in 2014?The prime minister and I had a detailed discussion on the entire Afghan situation, its future and transition. The transition is good for Afghanistan, very, very good. The withdrawal of these forces is good. The partnerships we have with US that have provided certain conditions is also good for Afghanistan.The elections will take place in time, a new president will come. Nobody should be worried about that. The Afghan people have taken democracy to heart. Just like India proved itself as a democratic country, when there were predictions of doom and gloom in the western media - that a poor country cannot be democratic. The same way they were proved wrong about South Korea. Afghanistan will prove it again. I have no concerns.Your primary concern has been with safe havens for terrorists, the Taliban in neighbouring Pakistan. That concern remains. What do you propose to do about it?The question of sanctuaries and extremism and terrorism - now is causing Pakistan a lot more danger than it is causing Afghanistan or India. It is from this fact, from this new situation, that I have changed my approach to Pakistan. I have not been critical. I have been a lot more conciliatory than one can be under the circumstances. My effort today is to convey to Pakistan that terrorism and extremism cannot be a tool for any purpose. It will not serve any foreign policy objective, or any other objective. It can only cause us suffering.I will continue this with Pakistan. Very soon there should be a realisation in Pakistan that this is hurting them. I hope there will be very soon some activity in curbing this terrorism, removing it. We would like them to work together with us in Afghanistan and the region. Terrorism is a dreadful menace. We will require Pakistani assistance to get rid of it.Pakistan has not yet found it in its interest to curb terrorism against Afghanistan or India. Why will they change now?Not yet. We have only seen good words. We must see action.How do you get Pakistan to take such action?By all the means we have available. Persuasion, talking, by conveying the truth as it is.. by not shying away from calling a spade a spade and by making sure we are sincere and well-intentioned. Afghanistan has turned out to be one of the most resource rich countries. Are you satisfied with the level of Indian interest in Afghanistan's economy?I am not happy at all with the level of Indian investment in Afghanistan, no. That is what I told Indian businesses in Mumbai. India should have been the first to come and invest in Afghanistan. India was not even the second or third! India should now, having arrived late in the investment scene in Afghanistan, be the pioneer of being the best.Everything in Afghanistan is ready for you. You look at the polls __ Afghans consider India to be the most friendly country. This is a great foundation for a stable and long-term relationship. Our proximity and ties can be best utilised by attracting Indian investment, giving them all the protection we can provide and by having the right laws and regulations to make these investments profitable to the investor. We have all of that and we want Indian business to come to Afghanistan and make the best of it.What was the feedback?Much better than before. Indian oil and gas are coming in, we have coal investment, and we signed a mining agreement. More should come. We have a deal on iron ore. But there is plenty more __ its the tip of the iceberg. We must keep Afghan government strong.What do you make of western commentary about a de facto partition of Afghanistan where the south and east are ruled by the Taliban?Absolutely not. Don't believe it for a minute, and even if the Americans try to do that they will fail. Its been all over the western press, which we know very well has its own intentions. Its a regulated press. We have seen that in the past 10 years. Even if they intend to do that - the Americans, Europeans and some of our neighbours, they will fail.What did you think of the US ambassador endorsing the Durand Line? Afghan people have never accepted the Durand Line. No Afghan government has authority to do a deal on it. We know the US government had recognized Durand Line long ago, and it was nothing new. It will not change anything in Afghanistan. But it did not serve America well in Afghanistan.What will be US presence post 2014?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17227956", "title": "Govt expresses concern after Indian woman refused abortion in Ireland dies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expressing \"concern\" over the circumstances in which an Indian woman dentist died in Ireland, India on Thursday said it is awaiting the results of two probes ordered by Irish authorities in the matter and will \"take it from there.\"\"We deeply regret the tragic death of Savita Halappanavar . The death of an India national in such circumstances is a matter of concern. Our embassy in Dublin is following the matter closely,\" official spokesperson in the ministry of external affairs, Syed Akbaruddin said.Akbaruddin said the MEA has also conveyed its sympathies to the family of the deceased.Halappanavar, 31, died in Ireland due to blood poisoning after doctors allegedly refused to terminate her 17-week-long pregnancy, telling her that \"this is a Catholic country\".Akbaruddin also said, \"We understand that the Irish authorities have initiated two inquiries. We are awaiting the results of these inquiries and we will take it from there.\"Savita's husband Praveen Halappanavar, an engineer at Boston Scientific in Galway, told Irish media that his wife asked several times over a three-day period that the pregnancy be terminated.This was refused, he said, because the fetal heartbeat was still present and they were told, \"this is a Catholic country\".The dead fetus was later removed and Savita was taken to the high dependency unit and then the intensive care unit, where she died of septicaemia on October 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17221222", "title": "More festivities for Shera Pujos", "text": "KOLKATA: It was a grand and befitting finale to an event that apartment complexes in Kolkata look forward to eagerly. No wonder, cheers like \"Ashchhe Bochhor Abar Hobe\" rent the air as winners of The Times of India and Ei Samay Sangbadpatra Pujo Barir Shera Pujo 2012 came on stage to collect their awards on Wednesday. What followed was a mesmerizing evening of music by Bangla Band Cactus and the Armaan Brothers who rendered fakiri qawwalis.\"I have been associated with the Pujo Barir Shera Pujo for many years now. Every year, I wait eagerly for Ashtami morning to be driven around as a judge to several apartment complexes. After all, the narkel narus are good in some apartments while the luchi-aloor dum is great in others. Today, families have become nuclear. I, too, live in a condominium. However, over the years, I have come to realize that those living in complexes are actually part of a large joint family. Today, I trust my next-door neighbour more than I would a relative. All thanks to The Times of India for inspiring the complexes to organize better pujas. I shall remain associated with this event for as many years as I can,\" said actor Arindam Sil.The Times of India and Ei Samay Sangbadpatra Pujo Barir Shera Pujo 2012 was presented by Simoco, powered by Kingfisher Strong Power Soda in association with National Insurance, Concast Maxx &amp; Bakefresh Biscuits. The event was supported by IFB Agro and Club Salon. Subir Bhattacharya, general manager of National Insurance, and Tirthankar Guha of Simoco were also present on the occasion and gave away some of the awards.While Sunny Seasons of Narendrapur walked away with a cheque for Rs 100,000 for winning the first prize in Category I, Ekta Heights received Rs 50,000 as runners-up in this category. The five judges' awards of Rs 10,000 each went to New Garia Co-Operative Housing Society, Manglik, West Wind, BJ Block Salt Lake and Mamomaya Apartments.In Category II, Louise Garden of Haltu walked away with the top honours and a cheque for Rs 50,000. Tolly Gardens of Moore Avenue came a close second and received a cheque for Rs 25,000. The five judges' awards of Rs 5,000 each were bagged by New Gems and Ajanta, Debalok Fort, Hastings Towers, Indian Oil Housing Society and Lake Window.Actors Debjani and Aditi, who were celebrity judges for the Pujo Barir Shera Pujo for the first time, sounded thrilled as they narrated their experiences. \"We'll never forget the kind of welcome we got at the complexes. We danced at some places and even played the dhaak,\" Aditi gushed.Actor Bhaswar Chatterjee, who has also been associated with the event for several years, said: \"I too live in a flat and know the enthusiasm associated with the Pujas.I have visited some complexes on several occasions and for the residents, I am like family. They know that I love sweets and keep things ready once they know that I will pay a visit.\"A surprise item this time around was a contest to judge the best prawn recipe from among the apartment complexes in association with IFB Agro. Calcutta Greens MIG Phase II walked away with first prize in this contest while Kamal Residency was first runners-up. Ekta Heights took the third prize.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17221287", "title": "Undertrial prisoners' safety concerns Palamu judiciary", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The transit of undertrial prisoners in a dilapidated prisoner van from the Central Jail in Daltonganj to the civil court here, a distance of little over 1km, is a cause for concern to the judiciary here.Sources from the court said the concern is for the safety and security of the undertrial prisoners. On an average, more than a dozen undertrial prisoners are brought to the civil court. The undertrial prisoners also include extremists who are lodged in the Central Jail here and brought to civil court for trial.The Giridih episode last week, in which a prisoner van was attacked by Maoists and three cops and one undertrial prisoner died, sparked such fears. Eight Maoists had managed to flee after the incident.The Central Jail is situated in a posh locality. The area has a branch of SBI , a transport company, numerous shops, residence of forest and collectorate officers. It is a highly congested area. The road from Central Jail to civil court has about half a dozen bends.Principal district and sessions judge, Vishnu Kant Sahay, said the undertrial prisoners are under judicial custody and hence it is the prime duty of the state home (jail) department to ensure their full protection especially in the backdrop of the Giridih incident.Sahay said he would take up this matter with the SP Palamu. He said he would be writing to the SP soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17231734", "title": "Ek Hazaaron Mein.. completes 300 episodes", "text": "Cinevistaas' Ek Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hai aired on Star Plus has been having a successful journey, and it has become one of the popular shows on the tube for its gripping storytelling and brilliant performances.Viewers have not only appreciated the show but thanks to it the actor of Ek Hazaaron Mein... have become a household name. The beautiful saga about a bond between two sisters has clicked with the audiences and the show today (15 November 2012) has achieved yet another feat, that of completing 300 episodes.Though the actors and the crew of Ek Hazaaron Mein.. did not commemorate the occasion due to their back to back shooting schedule, this occasion atleast gave them a reason to smile on the day.Thanking the Ek Hazaaron Mein.. fans for all their love and support, the lead actress Krystle Dsouza said, \"A big thank you to everybody who have been watching our show. We all owe our success to you guys and the reason Ek Hazaaron Mein has managed to come such a long way is because of your suppost. You love, appreciate and admire our work and this reinforces us to work even harder and entertain you all.\"Kushal Tandon aka Virat averred, \"It's a nice feeling and I am very proud to be a part of a good show like this. Ek Hazaaron Mein... is my first show and it has given me everything, I won all the possible awards for my role. I am very happy the way my role has progressed.\"When asked about the animosity on the sets of EK Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hai and will that have a negative impact on the show the actor says, \"I don't want to comment much on it all I can say is that we all are professionals and we are paid to do our jobs. We are good actors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17221888", "title": "Trade fair focus on \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcskilling\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mohammad Matbool's rough and sturdy hands don't quite evoke the precision and intricacy of his work. Sitting at his stall at the India International Trade Fair, the 56-year-old carves jewellery boxes, candles and room partitions in rosewood, sandalwood and ebony. \"It's been our family profession,\" said the fourth-generation artisan.\"Each one of us has been trained to carve wood. What makes our work special is that both sides of the wooden plate have different designs,\" said Matbool. A native of UP, Matbool has earned recognition from Unesco and the Canadian High Commission.Like Matbool, many other artisans, skilled workers and traders are displaying their work at the trade fair that was inaugurated by President Pranab Mukherjee on Wednesday. In fact, work skills and vocational training are the focus at this year's fair, which has been organized with the theme \"Skilled India\".Emphasizing the need for skill development, Mukherjee said it was necessary in view of the target to train 500 million people by 2022. \"Apart from government agencies, industry led fora should address the issue of integrating skilled manpower into the mainstream of economic growth,\" he added. Minister of commerce and industry, Anand Sharma, said, \"We have trained four million people, however, there is a need of 15 million skilled workers\".Prime Minister of Belarus, Mikhail Myasnikovich, and the deputy trade and industry minister of South Africa, Elizabeth Thabethe, attended the function besides CM Sheila Dikshit, Uttarakhand CM Vijay Bahuguna and the lieutenant governor of Andaman and Nicobar Islands, Lt General Bhopinder Singh. This year, the Republic of Belarus is the partner country for the fair with more than 60 companies. Uttarakhand is the partner state for the second time.In keeping with the theme, most state pavilions will focus on skill development. For instance, the Delhi pavilion will showcase contributions of the Department of Education and Technical Education, DSIIDC's Knowledge based Industrial Park, sports and performing skills, among others. The fair is on from November 14 to November 27 and is expected to attract 1.5 million visitors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17229607", "title": "Soon, no more painful jabs for diabetics", "text": "In a breakthrough that signifies a move toward a cure for type 1 diabetes, researchers in Australia have identified stem cells in the pancreas that can be turned into insulin-producing cells.The finding offers hope that the day will come soon when people with type 1 diabetes might one day be able to regenerate their own insulin-producing cells.The ability to produce the hormone insulin is crucial for controlling blood sugar (glucose) levels. In people with type 1 diabetes the body's immune system destroys the insulin-producing beta cells of the pancreas, leading to a potentially fatal elevation of blood glucose levels.People with type 1 diabetes rely on multiple daily injections of insulin, or an insulin infusion pump, to control their blood glucose, but control is not perfect and they are at risk of serious long-term health complications.Dr Ilia Banakh and Professor Len Harrison from the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute's Molecular Medicine division have not only identified and isolated stem cells from the adult pancreas, but developed a technique to drive these stem cells to become insulin-producing cells that can secrete insulin in response to glucose.\"In the long-term, we hope that people with type 1 diabetes might be able to regenerate their own insulin-producing cells. This would mean that they could make their own insulin and regain control of their blood glucose levels, curing their diabetes. Of course, this strategy will only work if we can devise ways to overcome the immune attack on the insulin-producing cells, that causes diabetes in the first place,\" Professor Harrison said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17232199", "title": "Indian woman's death in Ireland sparks outrage, parents seek international probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: The death of an Indian dentist in Ireland, whose life could have been saved through an abortion, today sparked outrage in India with political parties terming it as a violation of human rights while her parents demanded an international probe.The Delhi Catholic Archdiocese said the mother's life should not have been risked though abortion was a complete no for them.31-year-old Savita Halappanavar died in Ireland last month from blood poisoning after doctors allegedly refused to terminate her 17-week long pregnancy, telling her that \"this is a Catholic country\".\"In a case when a mother's life is in danger, save her life and while saving the mother if something happens to the baby in the womb then no doctor or mother should be held responsible as their intention was to save a life and not to end a life.\"It is important that the intention should be to save the life,\" Rev Fr Dominique Imanuel, Spokesperson of Delhi Catholic Archdiocese, said.Halappanavar's parents demanded an \"international probe\" and said Irish law on abortion should be changed.\"Only following rules, what about humanity? They killed my daughter to save a foetus. Only a mother knows the pain,\" said Halappanavar's mother, while her father urged the government to act accordingly.Political parties termed it a violation of human rights and demanded the government to direct External Affairs Ministry to ask Irish government to act on the issue and ensure justice to the family.Senior CPM leader Brinda Karat described the incident as a \"crime\" and sought government's intervention.\"We should lodge a very strong protest with the Irish authorities as they are responsible for committing a crime which resulted in loss of a human life,\" Karat said.\"It was a medical emergency and they preferred to sacrifice the young woman's life rather than to do something which have gone against their religious belief,\" she said.Senior BJP leader Mukthar Abbas Naqvi said BJP Mahila Morcha chief Smriti Irani has written a letter to external affair minister Salman Khurshid on this issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17222362", "title": "Dog bite leads to ruckus as cop, activist lock horns", "text": "NAGPUR: A case of a dog bite at Nirmal Colony at Nara in Jaripatka on Monday snowballed into a bitter squabble between cops and an animal activist. While the animal activist alleged that she had been abused, the cops denied the allegation.An offence was registered against Archana Chauhan after her pet dog bit a child and the incident led to a hue and cry. She was slapped with section 289 of Indian Penal Code (IPC) (being negligent with the animal) and 506 of IPC (intimidation). The dog was also sent to a government kennel.Chauhan's family claimed that she was being booked unnecessarily despite having promised to ensure medical assistance to the bite victim. \"It was a neighbour who took the initiative of cornering us. He also thrashed my dog with a stick,\" said a close kin of Archana. \"The cops had held back Archana unnecessarily at the police station for around eight hours.\"Animal activist Karishma Galani and senior inspector Balakrishna Hanpude-Patil of Jaripatka police station then got into a different wordy duel over the phone regarding the issue.\"The senior PI used abusive words against my mother and sister. All I had said was to be more considerate with a woman who was being made to sit at the police station for a long time just for a dog bite. Police have other duties too but why are they treating a simple woman as a criminal,\" said Galani. \"Police never supports animal activists and perpetrators of cruelty to animals are roaming free.\"Refuting Galani's allegations, Hanpude-Patil said that the woman activist had insulted the department. \"The woman also spoke in a rude manner and made derogatory remarks against police department. I would have certainly taken action against her if she would have been present at the police station,\" said the senior officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17226106", "title": "Antony to inaugurate HAL's factory at Kasargod", "text": "MANGALORE: Defence minister A K Antony will inaugurate Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd's Strategic Electronics Factory, which manufactures advanced avionics for Aircraft and helicopters, at Kasargod on November 17, 2012.Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy will inaugurate the production facilities at the same function.Avionics plays a major role in functioning of modern aircraft and contributes significantly to the value of an aircraft/ helicopter. Considering huge potential of Avionics systems in the coming years, a new, state-of-the-art manufacturing facility for a variety of Avionics has been established at Kasargod. \"This would result in better operational effectiveness and improved customer satisfaction,\" said RK Tyagi, Chairman, HAL, in a statement.Based on the initiative of the Kerala government in providing assistance to industries to set up their plants in the state, Kasargod was short listed on the availability of adequate land, power, water and better logistic facilities. Kerala Government allotted 196 acres of land for setting up the new unit. The foundation stone for the construction of the factory buildings was laid by the defence minister AK Antony on August 23, 2008.The first phase of this factory has been setup at the cost of Rs. 66 crores. At present, seven buildings are dedicated for various activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17223281", "title": "Hooda\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s hood politics: Haryana CM banks on pink pagris to win farmers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 support", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There is politics in all pagris (turbans) in Haryana. With neighbouring Himachal Pradesh displaying a traditional trend of adding politics to the Himachali caps, Haryana politicians are also eyeing the headgear to drum up support.Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda and his supporters made it clear at a Congress rally in Delhi on November 4 by sporting pink turbans. It was not just a show of strength. By using the pink pagri, say political observers, Hooda was eyeing the powerful farming community, especially jats, keeping in mind the 2014 assembly polls.Hooda's political rival and Indian National Lok Dal supremo Om Parkash Chautala wears green pagri like his father Devi Lal.Congressmen from Haryana had thronged the Ramlila ground in Delhi wearing pink turbans attracting curious glances from onlookers at the rally. \"At least two lakh Haryanvis were wearing pink pagri at the rally,\" claimed professor Virender Singh, political advisor to Hooda.Hooda supporters feel that now pink pagris may become the symbol of loyalty for Congressmen in Haryana instead of Gandhi cap. Congressmen are likely to display the same pagris at coming rallies like the one being organised at Karnal on November 18.\"If this becomes popular among party men, then Hooda would also succeed in sending out a message to the party high command that he is the only one who can consolidate the farmers' support in the state,\" said a supporter of the CM. AICC general secretary Birender Singh and Union minister Kumari Selja are the two other Congress leaders from Haryana who are throwing a challenge at Hooda.Explaining the reasons for Hooda's new-found love for pagri, Ran Singh Mann, a close associate of the CM, said, \"Farmers are emotionally attached to pagri as it's the symbol of respect and brotherhood in Haryana\".To counter the growing influence of Chautala, Hooda wants to keep Jat votes with the party especially when Haryana Janhit Congress chief Kuldeep Bishnoi , who has opted for yellow pagri, is already out to mobilize non-Jats behind him. Bishnoi's father and former chief minister Bhajan Lal also had a penchant for yellow pagris.\"Pagri is associated with social elite and it is related to social influence and prestige. By the show of pagris in Delhi rally, Hooda wanted to display his mass appeal particularly in rural areas,\" said SS Chahar, director, Centre for Haryana Studies, Maharshi Dayanand University, Rohtak.Jats, who consist 25% of the population in Haryana, have been dominating the state politics and Chautala has been getting the lion's share of votes from the community till now.A retired academic from Delhi University D R Chaudhry said the use of pink pagri by Hooda and his supporters is just a gimmick. \"Hooda is facing criticism from the farmers due to his land acquisition policy. There is growing feeling among farmers that their land is being grabbed by land sharks,\" said Chaudhry.\"The use of green turban earlier popularized by Devi Lal symbolized the resurgence of farmers in the wake of green revolution. Now, agriculture is in a state of crisis and farmers are demoralized. The use of pink pagri is not going to infuse the confidence in among the rural population,\" Chaudhry added.Historically, caste has a major role in the state's politics as it has always been a battle between Jats and non-Jats. Earlier, Devi Lal, who rose to the post of deputy prime minister, had been getting a major share of votes from Jats while in Congress Bhajan Lal was the first choice of non-Jats.After Bansi Lal, Hooda has emerged as Haryana's main Jat leader in Congress, which became apparent during the 2009 assembly elections when he managed to win majority seats in Jat-dominated districts of Rohtak, Jhajjar and Sonipat.With the help of a sizeable Jat vote bank, Hooda in 2009 had managed to retain power in Haryana. Hooda doesn't want to leave any opportunity to get closer to the farmers, who are the biggest segment of voters in the state. And, pagri may be Hooda's key to enter farmers' hearts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17225561", "title": "Mammootty impresses K-Town", "text": "Puduvai Managaram, the Tamil dubbed version of the Malayalam film Doubles - starring Mammootty, Nadia Moidu and Taapsee in the lead - has struck the right chord with the K-Town audience, making it a comeback of sorts of Mollywood superstar Mammootty on the Tamil screen.The 50th day celebrations of the film was held recently and Mammootty fans were happy to see their favourite star's flick doing a dream run at the K-Town BO after quite some time.Although the film didn't do quite well in M-Town, director Sohan Seenulal is happy with the positive response the Tamil audience have given to the film. \"Mammootty is undisputably a star in Kollywood too, with a number of hit Tamil films to his credit. It's been a while since any of his films hit the Kollywood screens. Puduvai Managaram was welcomed by all his fans whole-heartedly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17226059", "title": "Lata Mangeshkar postpones her music company's launch for Bal Thackeray", "text": "Playback singer Lata Mangeshkar has postponed the launch function of her new music company.  Mangeshkar tweeted on Thursday morning, \"I am extremely disturbed and concerned about the critical health of Shri Balasaaheb Thackeray, who is like a family member to me...In view of this, I am postponing the function of my music company to a later date..''\"My prayers are with Balasaaheb and the entire Thackeray family,\" she further tweeted. Lata Mangeshkar had met Thackeray on November 5 at his residence to enquire about his health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17222607", "title": "Kuchipudi will be developed into tourist spot: Chiranjeevi", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Union minister of state for tourism K Chiranjeevi said India had several wonderful places to attract foreign tourists. He said he had already started his work and was trying to revive the past glory. Chiranjeevi assured that he would focus on Andhra Pradesh even while giving due importance to tourism projects in other states of the country.He said he would take initiatives to develop Kuchipudi village as an important national tourist destination. \"The village requires better infrastructure to become a tourist destination,\" Chiranjeevi said. Kuchipudi village in Krishna district is famous for it's here the classical dance form by the same name originated. \"The Kuchipudi classical dance has not received sufficient importance due to lack of marketing and publicity,\" he said. During a Children's Day programme here on Wednesday, the minister specifically mentioned the importance of Kuchipudi village and the dance style.Speaking to reporters after a day-long visit to the city, Chiranjeevi observed that lack of proper infrastructure, transport connectivity and unavailability of hygienic food were putting off international tourists from visiting the state. He said that the Centre would soon prepare a blueprint for providing basic infrastructure such as cottages, transport link, hotels and safety to the visitors at tourist destinations.\"The tourism ministry is contributing nearly Rs 30,000 crore to the GDP whereas we are spending just 6% of it on providing basic facilities to tourists. I will try to request the Prime Minister and finance minister to increase allocations to the ministry so that we could generate more revenues,\" he said. He stated that the tourism was the only ministry with potential to provide jobs to scores of people.The promotion of tourism should be given a top priority, keeping in view its potentiality to create employment opportunities as well as earn foreign exchange. Citing important tourist hubs in the state, Chiranjeevi said that lack of proper infrastructure at Amaravathi, Araku, Kondapalli, Ramappa temple, Kolleru, they were losing their sheen as tourist attractions. He promised a special project for development of Kondapalli artisans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17221308", "title": "Another sex racket busted in Calangute", "text": "CALANGUTE: The Calangute police on Monday busted yet another sex racket, this time one being operated by a native of Uttar Pradesh.Acting on a tip-off, a police team headed by PI Nolasco Raposo laid a trap and arrested the pimp along with the victim (woman) he had come to deliver to prospective customers in Candolim late Monday night. Representatives of the NGO Arz were present when the pimp, Mohamed Asif Qureshi, 29, arrived with the Bangaldeshi woman.He was caught red-handed and immediately taken into custody. Qureshi was later produced before the JMFC, Mapusa, and remanded to police custody for three days. An offence under Sections 4, 5 and 7 of the Immoral Traffic (Prevention) Act, 1956, has been registered against Qureshi and two other accomplices, who are presently absconding. The victim has been lodged at Apna Ghar, Merces.Raposo said that this is the 18th raid conducted by the Calangute police in connection with prostitution since he took charge in May. The police have so far arrested 51 men following these raids, including 12 customers, while 37 victim women have been rescued from the flesh trade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17227747", "title": "Siddharth\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s new movie wraps up talkie part", "text": "Siddharth and Samantha starrer film has wrapped up the talkie portion and the unit is now left with shooting one song. This yet-to-be titled romantic entertainer is directed by Nandini Reddy and Sid seems to be pretty kicked with the output. The makers, who recently shot a song on Sid-Samantha in Annapurna studios, said that they shall soon announce the title and the release date of the film.Siddharth shared this information on his micro blogging account, \"My Nandini Reddy film with @Samanthaprabhu2 is done except for one song.Very happy with it!Release date announcement as soon as I know it:)\" (sic), posted Siddharth.It was also reported that Kerala beauty Nithya Menen is playing a cameo in the movie, which is produced by Bellamkonda Suresh under Sri Sai Ganesh Productions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17221439", "title": "29 fire incidents reported from Gurgaon on Diwali", "text": "GURGAON: On Diwali (Tuesday) night, 29 incidents of fire were reported from different parts of the city. According to fire department officials, these fires were caused either due to bursting of crackers or short-circuit. There were no reports of loss of life but property worth lakhs of rupees was destroyed in the fires.The biggest fires were reported from Pataudi Road and Heera Nagar. A Bata shop was fully destroyed located on Pataudi road and items worth lakhs of rupees were gutted in the incident. In Heera Nagar, there was a fire triggered by an LPG cylinder blast in which most of the items in the house were destroyed.In another incident, some waste material caught fire on 14th floor of Valley View society, located on the Gurgaon-Faridabad road.Two fire incidents were reported in the industrial area in Sector 37 in the daytime, but the firefighting team extinguished the fire within half an hour. \"We were prepared to deal with any kind of emergency. Our fire tenders reached all the spots soon after getting the information. Fortunately, there was no loss of any life or injury,\" said Mahendra Singh Bharadwaj, Assistant Regional Fire Officer. On an average, about 20 fire incidents are reported each Diwali in Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17223015", "title": "Special trains for Kandha Sashti festival", "text": "MADURAI: Southern Railway will be plying special trains in order to clear extra rush of passengers on 'Kandha Sashti' festival in Tiruchendur on November 18. The express special trains will be operated between Tiruchendur - Tirunelveli on that day. The Tirunelveli - Tiruchendur express special train no. 1 will leave Tirunelveli at 12 noon and reach Tiruchendur at 1.45pm.Tirunelveli - Tiruchendur express special train no. 2 will leave Tirunelveli at 1.30pm and reach Tiruchendur at 3.15pm. Tirunelveli - Tiruchendur Special Train Numbers 1 &amp; 2 will stop at Palayamkottai, Seydunganallur, Thathankulam, Srivaikundram, Alwartirunagari, Nazareth, Kachchanavilai, Kurumbur, Arumuganeri and Kayalpattinam.Tirunelveli - Tiruchendur express special train no. 3 will leave Tirunelveli at 11.30pm and reach Tiruchendur at 12.45am and this train will not stop at any stations between Tirunelveli and Tiruchendur. In the return direction, Tiruchendur - Tirunelveli express special train no. 1 will leave Tiruchendur at 9.15am and reach Tirunelveli at 10.50am and this train will not stop at any stations between Tirunelveli and Tiruchendur. Tiruchendur -Tirunelveli express special train no. 2 will leave Tiruchendur at 7pm and reach Tirunelveli at 8.45pm.Tiruchendur - Tirunelveli express special train no. 3 will leave Tiruchendur at 9.15pm and reach Tirunelveli at 11pm. Tiruchendur - Tirunelveli special train numbers 2 &amp; 3 will stop at Palayamkottai, Seydunganallur, Thathankulam, Srivaikundram, Alwartirunagari, Nazareth, Kachchanavilai, Kurumbur, Arumuganeri and Kayalpattinam. The composition of the above special trains will be six general second class coaches and two brake vans, an official statement from the Southern Railway said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17222441", "title": "Key to change in India: Educated youth", "text": "Times Guests Athith Krishna and Akhila Jayaram spoke to TOI on issues like education, politics, environment and corruption, besides their dreams and aspirations. The youngsters differed in their views on tackling the city's garbage problem and taking a plunge into politics to change the system, but agreed on education and corruption, especially anti-graft crusader Arvind Kejriwal's recent exposes.ON EDUCATIONToday's students are slaves of rote learning with little course flexibility. With very little time for extra-curricular activities, the 16-year education cycle pushes the child to go with peer pressure and obtain that coveted degree.But both Athith and Akhila have managed to fight time and pursue their interests, including quizzing, football and writing. There are too many students chasing too few seats in IIMs and IITs. The duo has a word of advice for those who rigorously chase the IIT dream and then end up doing something they didn't learn on campus. \"Bollywood is growing by the day. There are so many related industries and fields that can be pursued instead of something mundane, like engineering. The other option would be to increase the number of seats,'' points out Akhila.On the 25% quota reserved for the underprivileged at schools, Athith felt the RTE Act segregates people and infuses an inferiority complex in poor students. \"The government needs to look at providing proper infrastructure in their institutions and train teachers before bringing in a law that picks 25% children and puts them in an environment they are not comfortable in,'' said Akhila.Added Athith: \"Where is the need to invest so much in the defence sector? Why can't that money be pumped into education and improve the lives of so many children?''ON POLITICSLike many from GenNext, the duo has nothing nice to say about Indian politicians. But says Athith: \"Indians can't blame their politicians for misgovernance as it is we who bring them to power.''But Akhila is quick to add: \"What about the illiterate who vote for something in return? How do you blame them? Education is the answer for electing good politicians. If educated, we would make a judicious decision in voting the right people.\"While Athith doesn't mind taking a plunge into politics after completing his education, Akhila seems disinterested in politics but strongly feels that Indians need to elect the right kind of people, and not be swayed by empty promises. Both feel that youth political icon Rahul Gandhi is yet to prove himself. \"Though he's been campaigning for his party, he is yet to show his decision-making prowess to the public.\"ON CORRUPTIONBoth have been exposed to some form of corruption or other. Athith strongly feels that standing up against wrongdoers is the way out, while Akhila believes in educating the masses to wipe the evil out of the system.Corruption, they feel, cannot be dealt with in the Kejriwal fashion - that of jumping from one issue to another. \"He's just hogging the limelight and should stay outside politics to bring about a change. I wouldn't vote for Kejriwal,\" says Athith.Akhila thinks public memory is too short and corruption too deep for one person to take on. \"Kejriwal should try to prove to people why he is not like the rest of them. He should show the way on how things can be done differently. I wouldn't vote for Kejriwal because he's too inexperienced. I don't think he'd create such an impact. As citizens of the country, we need to have faith in our systems.''Both are of the view that Kejriwal has wasted his IIT degree by jumping into politics.ON ENVIRONMENTAs other children in Bangalore schools, both have done their bit for the environment, from rain water harvesting to plastic-free environs. TOI asked them for a solution to Bangalore's garbage woes and what would they do if they were in the BBMP commissioner's seat.An aggressive Athith said: \"I would pass an order for citizens to compulsorily segregate waste, which would include fines, should people choose to ignore the order. I will use technology to its fullest potential to rid the city of the menace.''A researcher in the making, Akhila thinks penalizing people would backfire. \"People should be encouraged to segregate waste at home and kids should be taught the same in school. If I were the BBMP commissioner, I'd use the media to get my point across and show visuals which would scare people and force them to segregate waste.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17222196", "title": "Govt schools will not be closed: CM", "text": "HUBLI: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar reiterated here on Wednesday that the government will not close any government school in the state even if the strength of students is less than the expected.Speaking after inaugurating `Makkalondige Mukhyamantri,' an interaction programme with children organized by the Karnataka Bal Vikas Academy (KBVA) to mark the Children's Day celebrations, Shettar said that the government will provide all kinds of support and facilities to encourage children to study well.He said, \"I am ready to sanction more Kannada medium schools if there is a demand for it from the people. There is no question of closing down any government school. I have already given clear instructions to officials not to close any school. Even if the school has only 2-3 students or 4-5 teachers, we will not close such schools, but we can depute excess teachers to nearby schools.''Shettar said that MLAs should take up issues pertaining to the development of children during legislature sessions so that the government can understand children's problems and give immediate approval to solve them. The chief minister also expressed concern over most of the elected representatives not discussing any issues pertaining to the children in the session. Shettar asked the MLAs to ask more questions and discuss issues related to the children.He said today's children are very intelligent. ``When many elders find it difficult to operate mobiles, the children can easily operate them which indicate how intelligent are our children. Mahesh Tenginkai, president, Karnataka Bal Vikas Academy, said that the academy is holding a children's festival to showcase their talent in all the districts from November 25 to December end. The academy is also planning to organize many more events for the overall development of the children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17226658", "title": "Babies who eat fish `lower risk of asthma`", "text": "Babies who are made to eat fish between the age of six and 12 months may have a lower risk of developing asthma , a new study has found.But eating fish outside of this window may not have the same effect, the Dutch authors of the study said.Those who ate fish before six months or after their first birthdays did not seem to gain the same protective effect against symptoms such as wheezing, the Daily Mail reported.The results, based on more than 7,000 children in the Netherlands, support one theory that early exposure to certain fatty acids in fish protects against the development of asthma.Concern over seafood allergies prompts some parents and doctors to delay introducing fish into babies' diets.However, research has found that a mother's fish consumption during pregnancy, or the baby's consumption of it early on, may lower the risk of asthma.Using health and diet information from a group of 7,210 children born between 2002 and 2006 in Rotterdam, the researchers led by Jessica Kiefte-de Jong, of the Erasmus Medical Center in Rotterdam, found that 1,281 children ate fish in their first six months of life, 5,498 first ate fish in the next six months, and 431 did not eat fish until after age one.The researchers then looked at health records for when the children were about four years old, and how many parents reported that their children were wheezing or short of breath.Between 40 per cent and 45 per cent of parents of children who did not eat fish until after their first birthdays said their children wheezed, compared to 30 per cent of children who first ate fish when they were between six and 12 months old.That, according to the researchers, works out to about a 36 per cent decreased risk of wheezing for the children who first had fish between the ages of six months and one year.Children who first had fish before six months of age were at similar risk to those who were introduced to it after their first birthdays.The study is published in the journal Pediatrics .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17223265", "title": "Nimhans submits report on Isro trespasser", "text": "BANGALORE: Nimhans doctors on Wednesday submitted to police their report on the health status of Buela M Sam. She was arrested for trespassing into the Isro premises in September.Police said the report is in a sealed cover, which will be submitted to the court.The 42-year-old Ahmedabad-based woman, in judicial custody now, was examined after claims that she was mentally unstable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17222871", "title": "Suu Kyi saddened by India\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s ties to junta", "text": "NEW DELHI: Myanmar's democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in a first in recent times from a public forum \u00e2\u20ac\u201d expressed disappointment over how India drew close to the military junta after initially supporting the democracy movement there.Even as she suggested that she was no longer impacted by expectations and disappointment, the Nobel laureate said she had been \"saddened'' by the fact that India had drawn away in her country's \"most difficult days''.Suu Kyi made the remark while delivering the prestigious Jawaharlal Nehru memorial lecture here on Wednesday. Myanmar's main opposition leader added that she had not lost faith in India because she believed that relations between the two countries were based on friendship between the people. \"I was saddened by the fact that India had drawn away in our most difficult days but always had faith in our lasting relationship,'' she said. \"Friendship should be based between people and not governments; governments come and go.''Her remarks came at the end of the lecture during which she recalled her struggle for democracy even while under house arrest for 21 years and her father General Aung San's friendship with Nehru. Suu Kyi reached out to the people of India, saying, \"We hope that in the last phase of our struggle, people of India will stand by us and walk by us on the path that they were able to proceed on many years ago.''Suu Kyi imbibes the best of East and West: SoniaMyanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi on Wednesday said she was asked about her expectations from India as well as her disappointments on her visit to the country. \"I have thought about it carefully and realized that expectations and disappointment are not something we can indulge in,\" she said, before adding that she had indeed been saddened by India's conduct.For almost two decades, India cooperated with the military in Myanmar as it tried to tackle insurgency in the northeast and counter Chinese influence in the resource-rich country.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , in fact, was seen carrying out a course correction when he met Suu Kyi during his visit to Myanmar in May and also delivered her the invite from Congress president Sonia Gandhi to visit India. While supporting the ongoing political transformation in the country, India continues to do a balancing act as it looks upon Myanmar under President Thein Sein as its gateway to not just Asean countries but also China.As she invited her to deliver the Jawaharlal Nehru Memorial lecture, Sonia described her as \"one of the most remarkable figures of our time\" saying she had imbibed the best of the East and the West.\"She exemplifies all qualities he (Nehru) most admired \u00e2\u20ac\u201d fearlessness, integrity, moral and intellectual courage, perseverance, freedom from anger and bitterness and unqualified devotion to betterment of the life of her people through the path of dialogue and national reconciliation,\" Sonia said.She said Indian people revere Suu Kyi for the sacrifices she has made. Sonia recalled how on receiving the news of the assassination of Suu Kyi's father, Nehru had written to her mother saying he had lost a friend who was looked at with hope by Burma and Asia. \"You are the worthy inheritor of a noble father's legacy,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "the rally that the congress held in delhi last week marked an interesting break from the past in that it overtly backed its recent run of economic reforms. typically, both the bjp and the panaji", "code": "17221392", "title": "How marketable is the market?", "text": "The rally that the Congress held in Delhi last week marked an interesting break from the past in that it overtly backed its recent run of economic reforms. Typically, both the BJP and the PANAJI: Congress have otherwise shied away from using reforms as political tool; even the India Shining campaign was never about the idea of reform but merely about its apparent outcome. This curious coyness about reform is all the more interesting because the mainstream view on its necessity seems otherwise to face no serious challenges. It is now routine to classify the Indian 'story' in two phases - the licence-permit Raj of the first 40-odd years post independence, and the post-reform era that has seen significantly faster growth and the consequent rise in the levels of affluence experienced by a significant section of society. That is not to say that there are no critics of liberalization, but implicitly the two national parties have no serious differences when it comes to economic policy that they enact, whatever postures they might adopt from time to time.From the evidence at hand, it would seem that the market, is not particularly marketable. The default position of most political parties borders on a deep mistrust of reform, and even those that fly under the flag of right-wing policies are no different. A curious paradox is on display - at one level, most dominant political alignments seem to implicitly agree on the broad market-facing economic direction that the country has been taking for a while now; at another level, they are extremely reluctant to take definitive positions on the subject - if anything all the noises that they emit hark back to what is seen as a crowd-pleasing version of the old reflexive socialistic tendencies. Reforms when they do happen, seem to be a product of having no other options, and no time to waffle on any longer. Long-term policy constipation gives way on these occasions to a flurry of reform evacuations, and the cork is then back, jammed as tightly as ever. The Congress rally might have backed the initiatives announced but no longer term road map for continued reform was outlined. It would seem that the newfound public affection that the party has expressed for reform is largely an act of desperation - having been pushed to the wall by an endless succession of scandals, it is seeking to regain some semblance of control over the discussion about its poor performance on all fronts.The reluctance to market the market needs greater examination. Why have such few attempts been made to market the benefits of economic reform? It is true that the manner in which the market mechanism works is not self-evident - the link between opening up the market to multinationals, for instance, and delivered prosperity on the ground is far from clear at first glance and is open to challenge. Politicians have preferred their own mechanism - political transfer payments like that selectively create and nurture constituencies, using power to chisel out a mutuality of interests. Reform in its purest sense, needs too much transparency and involves shedding transactable power. It needs institutions to work as intended across the span of delivery systems. It calls for the building of a new political grammar, one where a new cause-and-effect relationship must be established, this time between overall development and economic growth with an individual feeling of goodwill. The general must convert into the specific and policy must become experience. This calls for a longer term orientation and great belief in one's ability to bend the system to a new way of working. There are some who have attempted this with some success at the state level, but the degree of difficulty here is daunting enough for this to not be emulated on a larger scale.More intriguing than the silence of political parties is the reluctance of business to market the market. Its dominant reaction has been to play the existing system to its advantage, and the torrential tumbling out of skeletons from the corporate cupboard is evidence of the opportunistic stance taken by significant sections of the business. Much like political transfer payments, the advantages that accrue from massaging the system instead of changing it, are that the gain is ownable by individuals at the cost of others. Rigging the system ensures not only victory for the self but guaranteed defeat of the others. Even when the attempt has been more systemic, business has tended to limit its interest in the organized sector, and within that the corporate sector. Narrow interests have been represented narrowly. This world exists of a few industry leaders, a few media outlets and the state; a vast amount of verbiage gets generated within the confines of this small universe; everyone else is a mere spectator to this conversation and large parts of India are excluded entirely from it.Reform has thus been sneaked in, one wink at a time. In a small enclave of the like voiced, it stands for staggeringly self-evident wisdom, and any regime is measured largely from this standpoint. But because reform is enacted so stealthily, and cheered so noisily by the very visible, it neither gets meaningfully debated nor genuinely accepted. The great tragedy of reform in India is that it has few believers but many users. As a result reform in India is an occasional starburst of policies, but without the kind of systemic support that it needs. There are reasons to embrace the market and reasons to curb its influence, but without an open and transparent conversation on the subject, no one's purpose will be served - neither of its proponents nor of its critics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17221199", "title": "'Goa has the wings to scale great heights, all it needs is inspiration'", "text": "Goa is a rapidly developing state. Being the smallest state in India, administration is far more effective and it has a considerably higher GDP and literacy rate than most other states. Goa has achieved this in just 25 years of statehood.Considering the explosive growth of technology and development, in 30 more years, Goa could very well be a superpower in the then economy of the world. In the next 30 years, I would like to see, and possibly be part of, a change that will make Goa a better place technologically, but not at the cost of the subtler factors that define our paradise-like state.Beginning with education, with the exception of a few reputed colleges, the state-run education infrastructure has a rather disappointing name in educational circles. Admission into Goa Engineering College (GEC), Farmagudi or the Goa Medical College (GMC), Bamboim, is treated as a given, as a last resort. This scenario is not encouraging, and is responsible for most of the brain drain from the state. Our state-run medical and engineering colleges need to earn a name.This is possible only if they make the admission criteria stricter, and develop the necessary infrastructure and facilities in them. I wish to see GEC, GMC and the Goa University on par with some of the best and most reputed brands in the country, and produce alumni that will actually make a change instead of just talking about it.Ten years ago, I would see lush green hills interspersed with houses and buildings. Now, I see dirty grey apartments interspersed with specks of greenery. With the tourism industry growing, Goa will only see more development. Development comes at a cost-urbanization inevitably leads to reforestation- and that will detract from Goa's scenic beauty. Goa should remain green. There are ways we can do this. It may be possible to develop technology to a point where we can build hanging gardens on buildings. That way we have our share of working space, but not at the cost of greens. In fact, the added surface area would increase the amount of plants per square feet, and hence its air purification potential. The only downside is that we could only plant shrubbery, as trees weaken foundations. But there are ways around that. Another idea is to reforest abandoned mining zones and excavation sites.Goa is not a very large state, but is big enough to make transport difficult. Travelling from Panaji to a relatively close place such as Margao takes the better part of an hour. From Pernem to Canacona takes four hours. It would be immensely practical to have a metro-like system in Goa. It will decongest the streets, reduce the number of vehicles (and hence pollution), decrease commute time, and most importantly, increase employment.While on the outside, Goa seems rosy and harmonious, the soft skin of communal integrity belies an ugly truth of casteism. Though subtle, the hostility is tangible. In schools, children are taught discrimination at an early age, forming caste-based groups, often alienating the children from the \"lower\" castes.Oddly enough, no one even speaks about this topic, fearing a lash-back from the \"offended\" upper classes. The thin line between the right to religious freedom and the right against discrimination gets blurred but is ever present. Irrespective of how much growth Goa makes technologically, there will be no progress on the grounds of humanity until casteism dies. It's been 51 years since we achieved liberation, yet it refuses to go away. I can only hope that over the next 30 years, people become aware and ashamed of this.On the fun side of things, being a regular teenager, I love adventure sports. I would be great if the tourist attractions didn't involve just casinos and boring museums, but some really good theme parks.An amusement park with some rollercoasters and scary rides would be a dream come true. Add to that a bungee jump off a rope bridge, or windsurfing in the Arabian Sea, a skydive session by the Air Force, or quite simply, scuba diving in the clearer waters off the coast would be memorable. Goa isn't just a boring commerce hub; it has some adrenaline-fueled blood too.Thirty years is a lot of time; enough time, I think, to see all these changes happen. These are a few views of but one person in a few lines.There are 1.5 million others with their hopes and dreams. Goa has the wings and the feathers to reach heights. All it needs is a little breeze-the breeze of inspiration.The writer is a Times Scholar and is studying in Class XII at Kendriya Vidhyalaya, INS Mandovi, Verem .The views expressed in this column are those of the writer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17221309", "title": "Steel minister to open National Metallurgists' Day meet", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The Steel city is all set to host the 50th edition of the National Metallurgists' Day (NMD) conference from November 16 to 19. The local chapter of the Indian Institute of Metals (IIM), in association with Tata Steel, is hosting the four-day event at the TMDC Conference Hall where 50 guest speakers from over 40 countries will participate.The proposed event aims to focus on finding long-term measures for sustained growth of the metal industry. \"The findings of the four-day deliberation on various aspects of the industry will help us draft long-term measures for effective and sustained growth of the (metal) industry,\" said the senior functionary of the NMD conference organizing committee and VP (safety and long products), Tata Steel, T V Narendran.He said the coming together of industry representatives, researchers and metallurgy students on one platform will help assist in bolstering the synergy between experienced hands and prospective leaders of the metal industry. \"As many as 60 projects of the students of various metallurgy colleges have been selected for discussion,\" said Narendran on Wednesday.A total of 642 technical papers will be presented. The meet will also witness an international symposium on \"converting challenges into opportunities: Iron and Steel\" with participation of 28 eminent speakers from abroad.\"Efficient use of available resources, prospects for the metal industry and energy efficiency are the primary issues that will be taken up during the summit,\" said co-chairman, core organizing committee, NMD conference, S K Roy, who was flanked by Tata Steel spokesperson, Prabhat Sharma.Union steel secretary and joint secretary, D R S Chaudhary, and Dr Dalip Singh, respectively will also join the conference that will be inaugurated by Union steel minister, Beni Prasad Verma .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17225748", "title": "'JTHJ' to hit Pakistan theatres on November 16", "text": "The film Jab Tak Hai Jaan (JTHJ) which has been eagerly awaited by Pakistani fans, finally will be released in Pakistan on November 16th, 2012.The film is being distributed in Pakistan by IMGC global. Sheikh Amjad Rasheed,Chairman of IMGC who is a very close friend of late legendary filmmaker Yash Chopra, will be holding a special screening of JTHJ at Atrium Karachi on November 15th. The special screening has been arranged to pay tribute to Yash Chopra and to celebrate his last directorial offering.Nadeem Mandivalla, CEO, Mandviwalla entertainments said, \" Jab Tak Hai Jaan has been finally passed by the CBFC and the censor certificate has also been issued to the movie. People here in Pakistan have already started to book the tickets in advance to watch the movie.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17222797", "title": "In China, hard bargaining buys smooth power shift", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese leaders presented a picture of smooth transition as President Hu Jintao and PM Wen Jiabao slid out of the political race and allowed the next generation of leaders, including Xi Jinping and Li Keqiang, to take center stage on Wednesday. Xi, 59, appeared set to become the next president and Li, 57, as the next PM in March 2013.However, political observers said there was a lot of hard behind-the-scene bargaining for positions in the crucial PolitBureau Standing Committee (SC), which effectively runs the country. The names for SC are slated for announcement on Thursday. The composition of this committee will indicate whether China will liberalize further or take a conservative stance on economy.The party announced a list of 205 members for the new Central Committee, which includes names of hopefuls for positions in the SC including Xi and Li. The names of both Hu and Wen are missing from the list suggesting they prefer to retire.There's no confirmation whether Hu will retire from the chairmanship of the powerful Central Ministry Commission or stick to the past precedent of retaining it after stepping down. Hu's predecessor, Jiang Zemin, continued for nearly three years as CMC chief after retiring in 2002. Hu's team will exit only after the new leaders are approved by the National People's Congress, the parliament, next March.This is the first time that the party is choosing a new president not named by Deng Xiaoping, the former president and originator of economic reforms. Deng had named Jiang as his successor and Hu as the president after Jiang.The party has given greater representation to women by allocating them 10 positions in the Central Committee. But they are still a minuscule portion of the total 205 positions. The committee has only one Tibetan and one Uyghur Muslim while other minorities have been given seven positions. This is surprising because Beijing faces severe unrest in both Tibetan and Uyghur dominated areas in Xinjiang.The race for SC has intensified as all 10 hopefuls were chosen as members of the Central Committee, the first step before elevation. The new SC will either have seven or nine members, which means one or three of the hopefuls will miss the bus.The list of hopefuls include Zhang Dejiang, 66, who took over as the party chief in Chongqing after the fall of Bo Xilai, Xi Jinping, Li Keqiang and a woman leader, Liu Yandong, 67. Only three of them are below 60 years of age while five are 65 or above.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17221367", "title": "Sahiyyas divided over health scheme incentives", "text": "RANCHI: Many sahiyyas (village health workers) are unhappy with the incentives they are getting for the work they are putting in.\"I have been working for eight years and the remuneration for my hard labour is very poor. We have been asking for regular salary or a hike in the incentives for long but there has been no response from the authorities,\" said Munni Devi.Another health worker, Meera Devi, said, \"We hardly earn Rs 1,200. I bring in at least two cases every month. It's difficult to change the mindset of the people and we have to really work hard to convince them. I have been working in the fond hope that some day we would get a fixed salary.\"But others feel it's a social work they are doing and salary is not important. \"We have been able to educate villagers and bring women to hospitals for institutional delivery. We are spreading awareness, educating them. This itself is rewarding. My village has a large population. I manage to bring at least four delivery cases to the hospital every month. What I earn is enough for my family,\" said Sayyida Khatoon.Usha Devi, another sahiyya, added, \"Women in remote areas are totally unaware of health matters. We teach them the benefits of institutional delivery. Now they have started the new scheme of counseling couples about family welfare. I am enjoying this work because I feel I can bring about some change in their lives and health. This is more important to me than salary.\"There are various schemes under which sahiyyas can earn incentives. If they can educate and motivate women to go for institutional delivery they get Rs 600. Under the family planning scheme they can earn anything between Rs 500 and Rs 1,000, depending on the case. If a couple goes for permanent sterilization, the sahiyya gets an incentive of Rs 1,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17222625", "title": "Listen to their sad stories, at least on Children's Day", "text": "COIMBATORE: A year ago, 13-year-old Stalin Chelladurai used to spend his day tending goats in Sulur. School was just a dream, until child rights activists rescued him and put him in a home for child labourers and orphans. Now, he is a class 7 student at the Nallayam Government High School.Stalin was among the 10 children, all residents of Coimbatore Help Line, who visited senior corporation and police officials on Wednesday to tie 'friendship bands'. They were on a visit to let the officials know about their situation and sensitise the latter about the plight of orphans and child labourers.S Umadevi, a co-ordinator at the centre, says the children were given an opportunity during Children's Day to meet officials and interact with them. \"The visit was intended to sensitise the officials on the issues faced by children in similar situations. The children narrated their stories and also received advice,\" she said. They visited various local government and police officials in the city. \"I want to become a social worker and help children who have been suffering like me,\" says Stalin.The children also met city mayor S M Velusamy, city police commissioner A K Vishwanathan and other officials. \"It is a humbling experience to meet such kids who have gone through several hardships in lives,\" said Vishwanathan, after interacting with the children. No doubt, it left some effect on the children. Laurence Chelladurai, a 14-year-old who was rescued from his family expressed his ambition to become a police officer. Laurence was brought to the centre after his father murdered his mother and went to prison.P V Vishwanathan, director of National Child Labour project, Salem district, said from June to November this year 529 children who were working in various sectors have been rescued. \"They were aged between 9 and 14 years. They were employed in various industries including construction, brick kilns, automobile shops and several other sectors,\" he said. According to him, poverty and inability of their family to feed a grown-up child are the main reasons that drive children to work places instead of schools. Most of the child labourers are from poor families and single parents.Many activists confirmed that the situation calls for urgent intervention in many parts of the region. \"Child labour and child marriages are prevalent in districts like Dharmapuri and Krishnagiri,\" says V Natarajan, a child rights activist. He said local village and panchayat officials attend marriages of children giving them social sanction. Child workers could be seen in many risky sites including construction and quarries. He said in case of a child labourer, the parents and officials up to the level of the tehsildar should be taken to task. That's the only way to find a lasting solution to the problem, said Natarajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17221145", "title": "Jeypore's education board office in shambles", "text": "KORAPUT: The recently inaugurated zonal office of the Board of Secondary Education (BSE) at Jeypore in Koraput district is in a complete mess. The office has no building of its own, no permanent staff, no furniture, no telephone connection, no drinking water, no security guard and not even a sweeper.The office was inaugurated by school and mass education minister Rabi Narayan Nanda on October 7. At present, it functions from a government girls' school building here. A section officer, two assistants and a peon from BSE's Berhampur branch have been working here on deputation since its inauguration.\"We are facing problem in conducting our daily official chores as the office has not been supplied with furniture. We are managing by borrowing a few desks from the girls' high school, but that cannot be a permanent solution. We also face problems in storing official documents and files as the office has no almirah,\" said section officer of the zonal office Kshyama Sagar Naik.The problems have aggravated as the examination section of the office has started functioning of late. Official files are lying scattered on the floor. Teachers, students and their parents coming to the office are forced to remain standing for several hours, with no place to sit.\"We badly need a night watchman and a sweeper. Without any sweeper the office and its premises remain unclean for several days. Since there are important official documents, the office needs to have security guards for night,\" Naik said.The bracnch was set up to decentralize the board's manifold activities and to provide door step services to the teachers and students. At least 625 schools involving around 24,000 students of Koraput, Nabarangapur, Malkangiri and Rayagada districts of south Odisha are under its jurisdiction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "17221328", "title": "Oxen-dance livens up Sohrai celebrations", "text": "RAMGARH: A day after Diwali, this district came alive with celebrations of Sohrai, a festival dedicated to farm animals, especially the oxen. Villagers began the rituals on Wednesday with Goraiya Puja or worship of the oxen. On this day, the oxen, which is considered a sacred member of the family, is not allowed to do any farm labour. Family members offer prayers and food prepared by them to the oxen. Since this area is essentially agrarian, this festival means a lot to the villagers who depend on farm animals to till their land.According to custom, every family took their farm animals to nearby waterbodies to cleanse them. They then decorated them with rice flour and traditional colours and applied oil on their horns. After garlanding them, the animals were set free.\"No villager will be allowed to use his oxen on this auspicious day,\" said Rajendra Mahto, a farmer from Gobardarha village under Ramgarh block, adding that he, too, took his oxen to a nearby pond and gave him a bath before decorating him and offering prayers to him with his family.Another unique feature of this festival is the oxen-dance. The animal is tied to a wooden pillar in the akhada (the meeting point of villagers) and then excited by men, women and children. Villagers beat drums and start dancing to the rhythm, which irritates the animal. In anger it tries to leap and break free.The pillar has to be strong or the oxen could free itself and then hell would break loose. \"It's risky no doubt but villagers enjoy it,\" said Mahto.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17227014", "title": "Abhishek, Aishwarya surprise kids during Children's Day", "text": "Bollywood actors Abhishek Bachchan and Aishwarya Rai provided a welcome surprise to dozens of underprivileged children here during Children's Day celebrations.Both actors joined up with an NGO to provide a day to remember for a bunch of poor children.Bachchan cracked jokes with the children, while Aishwarya looked on in amazement at their joy.Bachchan stressed on the need to provide a good childhood to children.\"Childhood is a very special phase, and every child deserves it as their god given right to smile, and that is one thing not only as parents but as individuals everybody should try to give children a happy childhood and give them happy memories. Both of us were very lucky and blessed to have wonderful and loving parents, who gave us a lot of happiness and love. We would like to share that everybody and try our level best whatever little we can do,\" said Bachchan.New mom Aishwarya shared the birthday plans for her daughter is about to turn a year old.\"Luckily, I think the way it has worked out, we have a had a huge festive period, just two days before her birthday, Diwali has been a huge celebration and we got the opportunity to receive love and best wishes from all our loved ones and we have all celebrated together. And now this is going to be intimate time on the 16th with Aaradhya,\" said Rai.Each year India celebrates November 14, the 123rd birth anniversary of former Prime Minister Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru as national Children's Day. The day is about giving young ones the right to enjoy and grow as healthy and educated citizens of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17221523", "title": "Students' racing car steals show", "text": "GURGAON: Formula-1 type car, which has already bagged two prizes in an all-India competition, is the main attraction at Haryana Pavilion, in India International Trade Fair (IITF) 2012, which began at Pragati Maidan, New Delhi on Wednesday. The design of the car has been prepared by students of Faculty of Engineering and Technology, Manav Rachna International University, Faridabad. The car has been successfully tested at the Mahatma Budh Formula Racing Track, Noida.Theme of IITF-2012 is \"Skilling India\" and Haryana Government has aptly displayed the skill development activities of its various departments at the Haryana Pavilion in the Trade Fair.Formula-1 Type Car maded by the students is already very popular. The car took part in the All India Competition held in July,2011, in which about 100 engineering students participated. The car passed various tests, including Brake Test, Skill Pad Test, Speed Test, Innovation Test. The car got 1st prize in Innovation for bringing novelty in suspension, in which axle movement is vertical. The car also got 2nd prize in Speed Test.Dr BS Gill, Associate Director of Faculty of Engineering and Technology of Manav Rachna International University said that the students have also participated in Shell Eco Marathon held in July, 2012 in Kualalumpur, Malayasia and went up to track, which is considered as a big achievement for the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17227962", "title": "Varalakshmi well appreciated", "text": "Varalakshmi Sarath Kumar, who played the female lead in deepavali release Poda podi opposite STR is basking in glory. Her performance in the film has been widely appreciated.Varalskshmi who is currently acting in Vishal starrer Madha Gaja Raja makes her debut with Poda Podi . She plays STR's wife in the movie. Directed by Visgnesh Civan, she dons the role of a Salsa dancer in it.Audience who watched the film heaped laurels on Varalakshmi's performance, though it is her maiden venture. She is smiling and happy and thanked one and all for the appreciation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17224716", "title": "Channing Tatum named sexiest man alive", "text": "Channing Tatum is taking home this year's coveted title of People magazine's Sexiest Man Alive.The 'Magic Mike' star, who bared almost all of his incredibly chiseled body in the flick, was still modest when he heard the news.\"My first thought was, 'Y'all are messing with me',\" People magazine quoted him as saying.\"I told (my wife) Jenna (Dewan-Tatum) after we'd been in the bathtub washing our dogs because they'd gotten skunked.\"She was like, 'What?' ... she calls me [the Sexiest Man Alive] now,\" he said.Once she got past the initial shock, Dewan-Tatum, 31, said that she couldn't agree more with their choice.\"People know him to be fun and sexy, but they don't know how emotionally deep and spiritually open he is,\" she said.\"He is such an open-hearted person; what you see is what you get,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17226025", "title": "International news agencies boycott India-England Test series", "text": "AHMEDABAD: International news agencies decided to boycott the high-profile Test series between India and England which began on Thursday to protest against the restrictions imposed by the BCCI on some photo agencies covering the tour.International agencies Thomson Reuters , Agence France-Presse and Associated Press decided to suspend reports from the tour as well as pictures. The Press Association, national agency in the United Kingdom, will not also supply photographs, according to a release issued by the News Media Coalition (NMC).\"In addition to Getty Images, Action Images and two Indian photo agencies being barred, international news agencies have decided against providing pictorial or text coverage of the tour,\" the NMC, a coalition of international and domestic media organisations, said.\"The lock-out of photographic agencies by the Board of Cricket Control for India (BCCI) will result in cricket fans worldwide having sight of far fewer images taken by press photographers,\" the NMC said.\"Normally, agencies would distribute thousands of images as part of their editorial coverage - to the enjoyment of fans, the curious and sponsors of teams, such as Nike and Sahara,\" it added.The BCCI had withheld accreditation of photo agencies such as Getty Images and Action Images, saying that it will provide its own photographs.Meanwhile, editors of Britain's national newspapers on Thursday added their voice to the protests against BCCI's refusal to resolve the media dispute.London-based 'The Telegraph' stated, \"Photographic coverage of the first Test will be disrupted by media protests - supported by the Telegraph - at new restrictions imposed by the BCCI regarding the use of images and the threat they pose to media freedom.\"Bob Satchwell, Executive Director of the Society of Editors, said, \"Editors will be angered by this decision of the BCCI and confused by the motives. They just want to do the best job they can for their cricket-loving readers by choosing from the best news material. By damaging the ability of the press to cover cricket, the good name of the game also risks damage.\"Earlier, the NMC had \"deplored\" the decision of the BCCI \"to block attendance by reputable photographic agencies\" and asked the Board to rethink.\"In our view, the BCCI's move will hit fans and cricket sponsors alike. The BCCI has offered to make its own photographs available but this is no substitute for independent and objective press photography,\" Executive Director of the NMC, Andrew Moger said.\"Despite numerous opportunities, the BCCI has yet to explain why it is discriminating against photographic agencies or indeed whether other news sectors will be targetted next. We deplore this move and insult to organisations which have supported cricket worldwide,\" Moger added.NMC members include Thomson Reuters, Agence France-Presse, Associated Press, the international photo agency Getty Images, the Press Association, the numerous British titles via the Newspaper Publishers Association, the European Newspaper Publishers' Association (ENPA), the European Publishers Council (EPC), the World Association of Newspapers (WAN-IFRA), among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17222368", "title": "It\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s dark Diwali for several kids", "text": "HYDERABAD: Diwali ended on a sour note for many families in the city with several children suffering from burns while bursting crackers. In the city alone, at least 50 children were admitted to various hospitals with eye and skin injuries, police said on Wednesday. At least eight children underwent surgery.Even the fire fighters had a busy night on Tuesday with the control room receiving as many as 30 distress calls, all of which were related to mishaps caused by bursting of crackers. Two major fire accidents causing damages to property worth Rs 10 -Rs 15 lakh were also reported in the city on Tuesday night when rockets zoomed into two buildings through windows causing a small fire.Of the 22 children brought to the LV Prasad Eye Hospital, six suffered critical injuries. \"All the six had corneal tear and two had to be operated upon immediately. Four others who were critically injured might have to be operated upon in the next 48 hours,\" a spokesperson at the hospital said.At least 25 children with burns came to the Sarojini Devi Government Eye Hospital at Mehdipatnam for treatment. While about 10 of them suffered minor burns, the others had to be kept under observation for they had eye injuries. \"Two children were brought in with critical eye injuries and we have scheduled operations for them,\" said an official. Doctors said that in some acute cases, corneal tear could cause loss of vision.The emergency 108 ambulance service recorded a total of 119 burn cases and 307 fire-related accidents on Diwali night from across the state. \"Most of the injuries were caused by rockets. In the twin cities alone, we have received about 20 calls on Diwali night and all the injured were taken to either Osmania or Gandhi hospitals,\" said the officer in-charge of the emergency service. Gandhi hospital had received three burn cases, officials said.Three major fire accidents were also reported in the city on Tuesday night, all of which were triggered by fire crackers.In Begum Bazaar, the first floor of a two-storied building, which was being used as a storage unit of a photo frame shop, located behind the police station, was gutted as a fire cracker landed in one of the rooms through an open window. Six fire tenders battled to put out the flames for about three hours at 10.50pm on Diwali night. The fire brigade did not rule the possibility of a short-circuit for the fire. Following the incident, the residents of the adjoining houses had to be evacuated.In another accident, a sewing machine assembling unit at Bakaram was engulfed in fire at round 2am on Wednesday. \"Four fire tenders were sent to the spot only at 4am after passersby reported the incident to the control room. Property worth Rs eight to Rs 10 lakh was gutted in the incident,\" said K Kareemuddin, the district fire officer, Hyderabad. In another minor fire, a tyre storage unit located near Monda Market, was gutted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "karimnagar", "code": "17222621", "title": "Wife kills man over sale of land", "text": "KARIMNAGAR: Angered by the sale of a piece of land, a woman allegedly killed her husband at their house at Jaggaiahpalli village in Karimnagar district in the late hours of Tuesday. The victim, Kamidi Sammi Reddy, was bludgeoned to death with a boulder by his wife Sarojana. He was 48. The woman was taken into custody.Sources said Sarojana was livid after she came to know about the land transaction and confronted Reddy. The couple were involved in a big quarrel. In a fit of rage, Sarojana with the help her son Aravinda Reddy, 20, hit her husband with a heavy boulder on his forehead leading to his instantaneous death. Both the woman and her son were taken into custody on Wednesday morning and a murder case was registered, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17221910", "title": "Southern CMs to meet in Bangalore tomorrow", "text": "BANGALORE: A high-speed corridor between Mangalore and Udupi, introduction of peninsular tourism trains and supply of building material from approved quarries in Tamil Nadu are on the agenda of the 25th southern zonal council meeting scheduled in Bangalore on Friday. Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde will preside over it.Chief minister Jagadish Shettar and his counterparts from Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh , Kerala, Karnataka and Puducherry will attend the meeting.Personnel administrative reforms secretary Shalini Rajanish said the CMs will review the progress in implementation of recommendations of its earlier meetings in Puducherry and Hyderabad. These include matters relating to police administration in the states, atrocities on scheduled castes and scheduled tribes and human trafficking.They will discuss crucial issues related to allocation of central funds for poverty alleviation, rural development programmes and their implementation. Other subjects on the agenda: fisheries, particularly security of fishermen, strengthening the Drugs Control Organization in their regions, problems of coastal erosion and challenges before police in handling Naxalism.Officials said such zonal meetings, in general, have resulted in important initiatives: sharing information on crime and criminals, jail reforms, promotion of communal harmony, steps for tackling trafficking among women and children, and preparedness to meet natural and man-made disasters. These have also led to implementation of the Right to Information Act and National Employment Guarantee Law.There are five zonal councils, which meet once in every two years, if not more often. They encourage cooperation for ensuring speedier and balanced regional development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17223195", "title": "Most Punjab Roadways Transport corporation buses run sans insurance cover", "text": "PATIALA: While Punjab traffic cops have been penalizing two-wheelers running without mandatory documents, the state police have turned a blind eye toward 700 buses of Punjab Roadways Transport corporation (PRTC) which operate without the mandatory insurance cover.The buses cover thousands of kilometres every day but there has been no check on violations. Sources said no insurance company is willing to provide insurance cover for these vehicles despite efforts of the department since the buses cause a high number of accidents, thus large number of claims are received.Departmental records show that several tenders from insurance companies were called thrice but no one showed interest. The department has a total of 1,023 buses, 700 are department-owned, and ply without insurance cover. Remaining 323 buses are privately-owned and operate for PRTC. When contacted, PRTC managing director D P S Kharbanda confirmed the matter. \"We have decided to approach the court for directions to insurance companies to provide support to our buses,\" he said. All kilometre-scheme buses are maintained very well and insurance companies have provided insurance cover for all 323 buses, sources said.A senior PRTC officer said: \"The insurance companies cannot refuse anyone who is willing to pay the premium but no company provides insurance cover for our vehicles despite repeated requests.\" Some drivers even alleged that they have spent thousands of rupees on repair of these buses but the department is yet to disburse their bills, though they had taken permission from them earlier. A driver said: \"My bus developed a snag and I spent more than Rs 1,500 from my own pocket on the repairs. I am yet tog et the amount from the department.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17222293", "title": "Young 'n' old gobble ice creams to win Cold War", "text": "MANGALORE: It was a war filled with fun and frolic. Children and youth fought a battle of eating ice creams to win the 'Cold War', an ice cream eating competition organized by The 3 Hungry Men (T3HM) in association with Hangyo Ice Creams at City Centre to commemorate Children's Day.Prameela Rao, who devoured three choco bars in five minutes, told TOI that it was a rare opportunity for the people of Mangalore. \"It was really a fun-filled event and I enjoyed it. Mangalore is coming up with new concepts that attract youth,\" she added.Staj Sof Ten, a third year mechanical engineering student of Alva's Engineering College, created a record by gobbling up a cone ice cream in just 10 seconds. \"I love ice creams. As it was a competition here, I had to swallow it. Still, I enjoyed it,\" he added.Rohith Chandra, a third year engineering student of Canara Engineering College, who bagged a prize by eating four choco bars in five minutes, said it was a tough task. \"Ice cream is my favourite food. I came to know about the competition through Facebook and immediately decided to take part in it,\" he added.Colin D'Souza, one of the T3HM, said the response to the competition was overwhelming.\"We organized 25 rounds of competition in two categories of below 15 years and above 15 years. Winners in each round were given a prize. If all goes well, we will think of organizing the event year after year,\" he added.Nikhil Pai, another member of T3HM, said that it was for the first time an ice cream eating competition with no entry fee was organized for elders in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17223055", "title": "Cheap tickets prompt mad rush for movies", "text": "MADURAI: The low price of cinema tickets saw a good turnout in most cinemas in Madurai on Diwali day, with youngsters standing in long queues to view Diwali releases.'Thuppakaki', the action movie starring Vijay had some men spending the entire day in queues to get tickets. \"If you want to wish me for the festival, come to the theatre as I cannot leave the queue,\" was one SMS sent by a college-goer to his friends.\"I came after having breakfast in the hope of getting a ticket for the evening show, but the queue moved very slowly. I was able to get only two tickets, whereas I needed four, only at 3 pm. I missed having Diwali lunch with my family,\" said Kumar of Simmakkal.Some bigger cinema halls had security men guarding the entrance to do away with touts, but there were people asking for tickets outside the cinema, said Shankari, a college student.Sahil Singh, who had come for the Diwali holidays with his college mate to Madurai, was filled with awe when he was able to get a high class ticket for just Rs 40, for Shahrukh Khan's latest movie. \"I would have paid Rs 120 for the same in Bangalore,\" he said, adding, \"tickets are so cheap here\".Movie reviews were exchanged by friends over phone, giving those who hadn't seen the movie a chance to decide. \"One movie had the heroine asking the hero why she loved him. I was forced to ask myself why I was watching the movie,\" said Ashik, a student.Meanwhile, R M M Annamalai, president of the Tamil Nadu Theatre Owners Association said the government should seriously consider allowing them to hike prices of high class tickets to at least Rs 85 to break even, as maintenance and salaries of staff were becoming a big difficulty. He said theatres were only able to make an average income in the last two days, in spite of having \"full houses\" on Tuesday and Wednesday.There are about 26 cinemas in Madurai city, and Annamalai said most of them were spending about Rs 3,000 on diesel alone per day as frequent power cuts were making it difficult to run shows.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17222439", "title": "Octroi revenue increased from Rs 169cr to Rs 442cr in 6 years", "text": "NAGPUR: Few corporators and chairman of the octroi committee Kishor Dorle had raised serious doubts about the detection of octroi evasion cases. But it was these very cases that played a major role in increasing the revenue of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC).According to the NMC data, the revenue from octroi was Rs 106.66 crore in 2000-01. It increased to Rs 169.27 crore in 2005-06 (an increase of 58.70%). The octroi evasion cases were 707 in 2000-01. The number increased to 718 in 2004-05 and then it was 591 in 2006-07. The revenue from detection cases was Rs 48.65 lakh in 2000-01. It rose to Rs 57.81 lakh in 2004-05 and Rs 50.32 lakh in 2005-06 - an increase of 15.84% and 3.31% respectively.Since 2006-07, the revenue from octroi started increasing to a great extent. The revenue increased to Rs 203.55 crore in 2006-07 due to increase in detection cases from 591 to 1,455. Similarly, the revenue collected from these cases increased from Rs 50.32 lakh to Rs 1.76 crore.In 2010-11, the detection cases were 1,905, the highest-ever in the history of the NMC. The revenue from these cases was Rs 4.43 crore, eight times more compared to 2000-01 and 2005-06. The detection cases came down to 1,606 and so did the revenue to Rs 3.03 crore in 2011-12. Even then it was six times more compared to 2000-01 and 2005-06.Similarly, the revenue from octroi too increased. The NMC earned Rs 442.56 crore in 2011-12 while it was Rs 106.66 crore in 2000-01 and Rs 169.27 crore in 2005-06 (a three time increase).Assistant commissioner (octroi) Milind Meshram started the trend of detecting cases of octroi evasion. Additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare too unearthed an evasion case, the biggest ever. Even municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane is working hard to curb the octroi evasion cases.The increase in revenue from octroi paves the way for more developmental projects. Octroi makes up for almost 50% of the total revenue. The administrative expenses of the NMC are very high and above the mark set by the state government.It is only due to the increased revenue from octroi that the NMC could plan and execute developmental projects on a large scale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17222648", "title": "Warming up to Telangana? Asad keeps all guessing", "text": "HYDERABAD: TMIM chief Asaduddin Owaisi's advice to the Telangana youth not to commit suicide, but continue their struggle has triggered speculation that Owaisi was warming up to T-protagonists.The Hyderabad MP, who ended his party's ties with the Congress, said he was saddened over the suicide of youngsters for the Telangana cause. Over 700 people have ended their lives since the struggle intensified about three years ago.Instead of committing suicide they should carry on with their struggle. \"It is a democracy. The youth should exercise the right to agitate rather than die,\" he said.Meanwhile, political circles are abuzz with reports of soon-to-be-held meeting between the MIM and TRS chiefs \"to discuss the latest developments in the state.\" However, both MIM and TRS leaders refused to go on record on the issue.The reports said that the MIM leader had a telephonic conversation with his TRS counterpart K Chandrasekhar Rao and his son K Taraka Rama Rao after announcing the withdrawal of his support to the Congress and UPA.Analysts say the MIM per se is not opposed to the creation of Telangana state. In their affidavit to the Srikrishna Committee, the MIM said if T-state is formed, Hyderabad should be made its capital. \"This can be interpreted as MIM's way of coming out in the open and supporting the T cause as and when its suits them strategically,\" an analyst said.Taraka Rama Rao has said, in the past, he had been in contact with Owaisi and exchanged views \"on a variety of subjects.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17221722", "title": "Milma gives subsidized flavoured milk to kids", "text": "KOCHI: Though Milma is drawing flak for increasing milk prices, but every Children's Day they go out of their way to provide subsidized, flavoured milk to school children who are part of the Children's Day rally.\"As per the request of the district collector, we gave 200 ml cardamom flavoured milk to all students who took part in the Children's Day rally. We doubly ensure that it is properly packed and germ-free before giving it to children,\" said an official at Milma.The official added, \"Generally, we sell flavoured milk only in bottles. But once a year on children's day we offer flavoured milk in packets at subsidized rates to children. The bill is settled by the district collectorate. This time we gave 5,500 packets.\"Milk and bun were given to students who took part in a parade from Rajendra Maidan to Children's Park as part of Children's Day celebrations in the city. More than 1,000 students from over 40 schools participated in the event jointly organised by the district administration and district social welfare department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17226713", "title": "Munishaback; Priya Bhatija in Fear Files", "text": "Contiloe Entertainment's Fear Files on Zee TV has brought back the genre to the channel post Zee Horror show. With showcasing true horror stories, the show successfully grabs larger eye balls and once again an one such electrifying story is ready for the audiences.Reports suggest, Priya Bhatija, who was in news for acting in Gumrah and was last seen in Imagine TV's Dwarkadeesh will be seen in the upcoming episodes along with Munisha Khatwani.Munisha had earlier acted for the show during the promotion of Raaz and will once again mark her presence as a paranormal expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "the unit of biriyani is busy wrapping up their short chennai stint that began on 5th november. venkat prabhu has tweeted", "code": "17226540", "title": "Venkat Prabhu off to Ambur for Biriyani", "text": "The unit of Biriyani is busy wrapping up their short Chennai stint that began on 5th November. Venkat Prabhu has tweeted: \"Yet to watch deepavali releases!! Leaving outdoor for Biriyani shoot!! Was busy with preparation!!\"Venkat has completed one part of his Chennai shoot and is now gearing up to go out of town with the unit. The unit leaves for a long outdoor schedule to Senji, Ambur and Pondicherry for the next few weeks.Actor Karthi who has successfully finished filming for ' Alex Pandian ' has joined Venkat Prabhu's ' Biriyani '. There maybe a short gap for the launch of Alex Pandian 's audio for which Karthi has to be present in Chennai this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17225693", "title": "Intel plans Ultrabooks with voice, touch, gesture recognition", "text": "PANAJI: A year and a half after pioneering its Ultrabooks strategy, Intel, the world's largest semiconductor chip maker is seeking to up the stakes in the segment that is witnessing increasing adoption.Ultrabooks -- a type of notebooks whose specifications have been defined by Intel -- will soon see voice-enabled capabilities alongside touch and gesture support that Intel feels will drastically improve the user experience.Leighton Phillips, director, product management pricing at Intel Asia-Pacific told TOI \"that a number of innovations are pouring into Ultrabooks.\"\"Intel wants to drive the industry,\" stated Hong Kong-based Phillips. He said over there are over 140 Ultrabook designs and around half of these incorporating the Ivy Bridge chip have hit the market.SensorsAttempting to give consumers a peek into the upcoming innovation in the segment, Phillips disclosed that Ultrabooks will soon have a wider array of sensors.He said that a lot of research has been devoted to keeping the thermal envelope of the microprocessor low and various tests had been carried out to determine whether the processor chip should be placed under the keyboard or behind the screen. Since PCs use a lot of energy, it was essential to get it right in Ultrabooks, he contended. The thermal design power (TDP) of the chip has been brought down to 15W from the 35W earlier, he added.He said work has also gone into bringing capabilities for convertible and detachable devices where screens could be detachable and touch-based.Phillips listed an assortment of sensors that are being incorporated into the newer breed of Ultrabooks including touch sensor, proximity sensor, camera, microphone, accelerometer, GPS, gyroscope, e-compass, and ambient light sensor.\"When these sensors are combined, the magic begins to take life,\" he noted.\"This was critical innovation that had to happen,\" pointed out Phillips, who has spent the past 23 years in the IT industry, 12 of which have been with Intel.VoicePhillips revealed the next breed of Ultrabooks will be voice enabled. This was made possible by Intel's collaboration with speech recognition technology firm Nuance Communications earlier this year.Phillips observed that the demand for having voice on Ultrabooks was beginning to increase. He said a survey conducted by Intel noticed that 64% of respondents would prefer to be able to use voice-capable Ultrabooks daily. He said respondents displayed a willingness to pay $25 extra for an Ultrabook with voice capability. He felt this could help OEMs create an incremental revenue opportunity.Phillips remarked that while conventional search may take around 20 seconds, voice-enabled search was almost instantaneous. Voiced search could be used on search engines, Facebook, iTunes and Amazon, he said.Besides search, the voice commands would enable users to play music by simply calling out the track they wished to listen to. Phillips termed this as \"simple and valued interaction.\"He said voice capability had also thrown up some unexpected usage instances like searching for directions. He was of the view that doing tasks through voice, allows users to engage in parallel usage.Phillips also said that the technology had the provision of creating macro commands such as searching and then printing results, besides VoIP . He said among other tasks, email had seen higher usage of voice.Ultimately, voice-enabled technology would lead to \"broader innovations into browsers,\" stated Phillips.He said a lot of work was underway to determine the placement of the microphone with a number of trials conducted and the progress was extremely encouraging.The first voice-enabled Ultrabooks will be available in the first quarter of next year, revealed Phillips.He said while these Ultrabooks will roll out optimised for US English initially, 2013 will see an evolving focus on other languages and accent nuances such as British, Australian and Indian English. \"We're fully aware of getting optimisation for other languages,\" he said.Phillips also clarified that voice capability \"doesn't add a whole lot of cost\" and there are software licensing agreements in place.TouchTalking of touch technology which is rapidly becoming ubiquitous with smart devices, Phillips said there were a number of industry benchmarks for touch. \"Windows 8 is very positive (with regard to touch) from Intel's perspective,\" he added.In a survey conducted by the chipmaker, 80% consumers reached for a touch-enabled device, disclosed Phillips. He said Intel was trying to understand how consumers use touch.Stating that \"touch is the new norm,\" he observed that there is a shift from non-touch to touch based computing. He said capacity had been booked from top four touch panel vendors for continued supplies. The touch-based screens will be 13.3\", 11.6\" and 10\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17223230", "title": "Leaders needn't stoop to conquer: CP Thakur", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar political class is concerned over the current use of \"filthy, mean and low words\" by the national political leaders cutting across political parties to score points against their political rivals or to tar their reputation. The Bihar leaders maintain that if this new trend damages the reputation of the political class, the parliamentary democracy would ultimately be undermined.Expressing his concern, Bihar BJP chief and Rajya Sabha member Dr C P Thakur said: \"This new practice is unfortunate and should be banned.\" According to him, the practice it is not confined to one political party, implying that BJP leaders have also taken to it. \"The political leaders should take note of it, and do something so that the practice is discontinued,\" Dr Thakur said.Similarly, both JD-U state spokesman Neeraj Kumar and RJD leader Ghulam Gaus, MLC, called for \"restraint and discipline\" in the use of words in public life. \"Integrity and discipline are necessary in public life, because perception of people matter. It is also necessary that public figures keep their life transparent,\" said Kumar. Added Gaus: \"The language we use in public life to display our feelings and emotions should be restrained and parliamentary. This cardinal principle applies to all.\"When asked if the use of the name of mythological character from Mahabharat, Shikhandi, to describe Prime Minister Manmohan Singh by a senior BJP leader and former Union minister was proper, Dr Thakur said, \"The epics and tales from our mythologies are our revered national inheritance. But the use of the name of Shikhandi to describe our PM was not proper, and uncalled for.\"Indeed, in the last one year, politicians have been highly inventive about filthy names to tar the image of their rivals. Apart from coining terms like 'gutter snipes' and 'dengue machchar', a term like \"Rs 50 crore girlfriend\" was used for the wife of a Union minister! Finally, in the context of the reigning 'anything goes' culture and mentality, the new trend has now slid inexorably to sleaze: from reference to 'old wives' to 'country women being not attractive', and to comparison of expose of alleged corruption cases with the expose made on stage by women dancers!Interestingly, in Bihar, even RJD chief Lalu Prasad, a master player of earthy humour in his inimitable style, has been showing sure signs of introspection. \"Lalu Prasad is now pleading for forgiveness for all his mistakes. His mistakes also include uncharitable words and phrases he had used against the people of upper castes,\" said CPI state secretariat member Vijay Narayan Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17226923", "title": "Bharath has a blast in Coimbatore", "text": "When the Boys actor made a grand entry on stage at the grand finale of a dance reality show, in Coimbatore, recently, he managed to turn many heads.The actor, who also donned the judge's hat on the occasion, said, \"I'm very happy to be in Coimbatore. These participants of this reality show have come a long way from the time they started performing on the show. They have struggled to reach the place where they are today.\"He added, \"Performing in a studio and in front of a large audience on stage are very different things. The most important thing on stage is to not forget your movements and avoid looking at your sides.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "17223123", "title": "Green Diwali leaves cracker vendors disappointed", "text": "MANALI: With more and more people in the hill state preferring a Green Diwali this time, cracker sales went down drastically leaving the vendors disappointed. Besides fireworks, many people also decided to do away with sweets fearing adulteration.Students in many schools had taken oath not to use crackers and it resulted in over 50% less trade as compare to last year. According to Manali Senior Secondary School principal Roop Singh, all students had taken oath not to use crackers and they fulfilled their promise. Many traders could not sell even 25% of their stock and they were selling crackers even on Wednesday to cover up the losses.\"Against last year, this year's sale of crackers was only 30-40%,\" a cracker vendor in Kullu, Ashish Verma, said, adding all vendors suffered big losses this year. According to vendors, most of the people preferred purchasing less noisy fireworks such as sparklers. According to Atul Sood, another seller from Mandi, high cost for crackers was another reason of fewer sales. \"Very few people are daring to purchase expensive crackers. Prices have risen up to 30% this year. Altogether, we had to bear the brunt,\" he said.Meanwhile, demand for chocolates, dry fruits and other trusted brands was higher than the supply. Effect of fear of adulteration in traditional sweets was clearly visible as thin crowds were seen at sweet shops. \"I could not get Diwali special chocolate and dry fruits gift pack even on Wednesday. Shopkeepers say stock was completely out before the Tuesday noon,\" an upset customer in Manali, Vijay Kumar , said.The sweet shop owners said they had an average business this year, other shopkeepers had a good time due to unexpected high demand for packed gift items. Ajay Sharma, owner of Suryansh Bakes, said the wholesalers were supplying half the demanded items which led to end of stock. \"Customers thronged the shops mainly for packed chocolates, dry fruits and namkeens. We had to disappoint many of them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17227903", "title": "Jr NTR eying creative intelligence?", "text": "Most of our movies generally sound sentimental and entertaining, but only few of them will work on intelligence lines. There is one such director in Tollywood, who does only intelligent film that revolve around egos and love, and Jr NTR has now targeted him.Apparently, director Sukumar has shot to fame with movies like Arya, Jagadam, Arya 2 and 100% Love. If you look them close, most of them are intelligently crafted stories around little nuances and showcase the hero in a different pattern always. Film Nagar buzz is that Jr NTR has signed this intelligent director now and after finishing Sreenu Vytla's 'Baadshah' and Harish Shankaras movie, Junior will be joining this team.Meanwhile, Sukumar will wrap up Mahesh's movie and will be getting ready to showcase NTR in a different style. This combination is termed as one of the rarest and we have to see what magic they will do at Box.Source: www.gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17222542", "title": "An event to show Mysore's got talent", "text": "MYSORE: To provide a platform for the talented people in Mysore and bring them to limelight, a private event management firm is organizing an event titled 'Mysore's Got Talent'.Addressing mediapersons here on Wednesday, Flying Squirrel director Hema Nagaraj said: \"Though the city is called Cultural city, not many talents are promoted to the limelight as there is no exposure or apt platform. The city has enormous talent be it in the field of dance, entertainment, fashion, classical music or contemporary dance.\"People of all ages can get on stage to showcase their talent. \"We have selected more than 40 individuals from Mysore for the event. A lot of youngsters came forward, but only a few got selected,\" Hema said.The event will include ramp walk by budding talents of Mysore as well as professional models from Bangalore. It will be followed by various dance performances and singing. However, the event is not a competition, she said.The event has an entry fee, the proceeds of which will be donated to Manasa, a centre for homeless, mentally-challenged women, where they are cared for, provided with professional psychiatric treatment to help them re-enter mainstream society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17222357", "title": "Skirmishes in Hyderabad Old City, cops resort to lathicharge", "text": "HYDERABAD: The simmering tension in Old City of Hyderabad boiled over on Wednesday night when mobs belonging to two communities took to stone pelting resulting in injuries to 5 persons. Police had to resort to lathicharge and teargassing to restore order. The injured were rushed to Osmania General Hospital. In all, at least 7 persons were detained.According to police sources, the trouble began near Mohammed Shakur mosque under Moghulpura police station limits around 10 pm when a chilla (Green flag) was burnt. The police were still trying to establish whether the flag burning incident was an act of arson or an accident caused by crackers a day after Diwali.The entire south zone police have been deployed to tackle the situation. The tension was further compounded due to an accident in which two youths on a motor cycle were hit by a traffic police towing vehicle near Farasa Cafe close to Charminar under Hussaini Alam police station limits. This incident took place around 9.30 pm and one of the youths died on the spot. The driver of the traffic police towing vehicle was taken into custody.The entire Old City has been tense for the last fortnight and curfew-like situation prevailed near Charminar over developments in the Bhagyalakshmi temple near Charminar with the MIM alleging that efforts are being made by the temple management to convert a temporary canopy structure permanent. The temple management, on the other hand, denied any such moves. The state government stepped in and based on the status quo order of AP High Court, the temporary structures were restored last Sunday by the district administration under the supervision of an ASI team.The situation further worsened with the MIM withdrawing its support to the UPA government at the Centre and the Kiran Kumar Reddy government in the state on the charge that the state government was colluding with right-wing elements. Ironically, the curfew-like situation in the vicinity of Charminar was lifted only on Wednesday evening. But with trouble breaking out in Moghulpura polce station limits late in the night, Old City continues to be tense and security personnel deployed all over to ensure that the situation does not worsen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17221903", "title": "Savita Halappanavar's death, pro-choice protests and candlelight vigils held in many places", "text": "Following Savita Halappanavar's death, pro-choice protests and candlelight vigils have been held in many places, with one scheduled in Belfast on Thursday. Protesters are using the social media to mobilize public opinion.As Belfast-based Virginia Santini, who is co-ordinating the protest on Facebook, writes: \"Medics knew the risks of delaying Savita's abortion but refused to terminate her pregnancy because they still detected a heartbeat from the foetus - under Ireland law, an abortion in these circumstances is equal to murder. It is an absolute disgrace that the law holds in higher esteem an unborn foetus than a woman who has thoughts and feelings, and friends and family who love and care for her, and who was in the prime of her life... Show your anger at a government, a law and organizations such as Youth Defence and Precious Life who call themselves 'pro-life' but will willingly allow women to die.\"Till late Wednesday night, 73 persons had decided to join the protest. There were vigils and protests scheduled in London and Dublin on Wednesday and in Galway later this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17223583", "title": "When the festival burns", "text": "LUDHIANA: All was not well in the city on Diwali. Despite safety advisories, celebrations turned tragic for many with people sustaining burns on their hands, face and eyes. On the brighter side, the number of injuries reported decreased. Last year, there were more than 71 injuries while this year the figure is 66. Children bore the brunt of negligence for the most part.\"We received 25 cases of burns this time. Most of the victims were children who sustained injuries in their eyes. In many cases, people received injuries not by firing crackers but by splinters hitting them in the eye,\" public relations officer of Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH), Amarjeet Kaur said. According to assistant professor at the CMCH eye department Dr Ashish Chandra, surgical intervention was required in many cases. Seriously injured children at the hospital include 11-year-old Sunaina of the old city, seven-year-old Yuvraj of Banda Bahadur colony and class VIIth student Suveer. Their condition is stable.A total of 13 cases were reported from Dayanand Medical College and Hospital. \"Four sustained burns on the face and seven sustained burns on the hands. Two patients were rushed to the hospital with 90 per cent burns,\" Dr Sanjeev Uppal, head of the department of plastic surgery and burns at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital said.Although Dr Uppal noted the fall in accident cases this year with satisfaction, he was concerned about persistent negligence among people in proximity to fire. Most cases of burns, he said, were caused by failure to take proper precautions while bursting firecrackers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17221304", "title": "21-year-old held for kidnap, rape", "text": "PANAJI: Panaji police on Tuesday arrested Rohit Shahapurkar, 21, of St Cruz for allegedly kidnapping and raping a 14-year-old girl. He has been remanded to seven days police custody by the Judicial Magistrate First Class, Panaji.Police said the girl's father filed a complaint on Tuesday night that Shahapurkar on Monday night forcibly kidnapped his minor daughter from his residence.On a tip-off, police traced the girl and Shahapurkar to Porvorim. Shahpurkar was arrested, while the girl was sent for a medical examination to GMC, Bambolim.\"On genital examination there is evidence of genital penetration like that of sexual intercourse,\" the medical report states. The case was registered under Section 363 IPC (kidnapping) and Section 8 of Goa Children's Act 2003. After the medical report and discussions with superiors, the rape charge of IPC Section 376 was added, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17230712", "title": "Remove offensive remarks on Nadar community from CBSE textbook: Karunanidhi to PM", "text": "CHENNAI: Taking strong exception to \"wrongful and misleading\" references to the Nadar community of Tamil Nadu in a CBSE textbook, DMK chief M Karunanidhi today urged the Centre to remove the objectionable references from it.In a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, he said \"such misleading and derogatory depiction of any community is highly objectionable and should have no place in our education system\".Karunanidhi, whose party is a key ally of UPA, requested the Prime Minister to direct the officials to rectify these \"errors\" and remove the objectionable references from the textbook of class IX.The contributions of the Nadar community to the freedom struggle and its political leaders including former Tamil Nadu chief minister K Kamaraj had been \"belittled by the references in this textbook\", he said.\"It is also historically incorrect to have labelled them as migrants to the Southern districts of Tamil Nadu\", Karunanidhi said.MDMK leader Vaiko and PMK leader S Ramadoss have also objected to the references.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17223665", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcIt\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s about fitting the bill\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "LUDHIANA: Dugri resident Rajbrinder Kaur has been scanning NCERT books and those prescribed by Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) for classes VI to VIII in preparation to fulfil her career goal of teaching in a CBSE school. She is geared up to face the Central Teachers' Eligibility Test on November 18, conducted by CBSE twice every year, which is mandatory for those aspiring to teach at a CBSE school.\"The test will help in selection of teachers who are well-versed with the syllabus,\" says Pakhowal Road resident Daman Anand. The decision has assured the parents as well that their children will be taught by more responsible staff at the Board's schools. Bhupinder Singh, a banker who resides in Dugri, says, \"This exam for teachers will confirm that my kid is learning under the guidance of a selected few, who were found fit for the role. Teachers play a very important role during children's schooldays and this exam will filter those who mean serious business in this noble profession.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17221465", "title": "Diwali items: China outsells local traders", "text": "GURGAON: It was a dark Diwali for local traders as the demand for Chinese products as gift items as well as for decoration purpose was more than double the local products. Around 70% of consumers preferred Chinese items including fancy lights, lampshades, %Ganesha and Laxmi idols and above %all crackers to the locally produced items.Even a survey conducted by various agencies revealed that the demand for Chinese products has gone up by around 50% and the consumers find variety and cheap price as the major attraction.On the other hand, the gold as well as cracker industry witnessed a slow market with less turnout as compared to previous years. However, the auto industry got a good response in this festive season with people opting to drive out new cars and two-wheelers on Dhanteras.Pooja Khatri, a private firm employee, said \"Even idols of Hindu gods and goddesses are China-made and attractive enough to catch the attention of the buyers\". She also said that though she has same budget for the Diwali but prices have shot up as compared to previous year.Meanwhile, the local traders faced stiff competition from Chinese products due to cheaper rates and variety available. A local shopkeeper in HUDA market in Gurgaon informed that sale of earthen diyas has dipped while the demand for fancy and designer diyas has gone up several times during past couple of years. \"Products with made-in-China tag have caught the imagination of middle class shoppers\" he added.Speaking about crackers, a local trader, Amit Dahiya, said that Chinese crackers found more buyers this Diwali season. People of all ages - from kids to college-goers to adults - confessed that Chinese crackers were more colourful, produced more sound and have a lot of variety than their Indian counterparts, he said. He further said that Chinese products were competing with domestic items not only in India but also in other countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17226070", "title": "Preparations in full swing for Chandigarh Carnival and Chandigarh Crafts Mela", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Preparations are on in full swing for two annual cultural events of Chandigarh - Chandigarh Carnival and Chandigarh Crafts Mela to be organized later this month. Both the programmes are a part of the tourism promotion project of the UT administration and each year a new theme is picked up.The carnival will be organized in Leisure Valley and the Crafts Mela will be staged at Kala Gram. \"The dates are being finalised and both events are likely to be scheduled on weekends,\" said an official.Students of Government College of Arts in sector 10 will make colorful floats and Chandigarh Sahitya Akademi plans to hold on-the-spot competitions in Poem and Slogan Writing.Like the previous three years, the main attraction of the Craft Mela will be participation of Shilp Gurus, Sant Kabir awardees, National Awardees, National Merit Certificate holders and also State awardees who have put their craftsmanship at highest level for display for the public.Last year, the theme of the festival was Colours and sounds of South India. Around 146 craftsperson from India and artisans from other countries participated in this year's mega tourism cultural event where 400 folk artists and dancers from far flung areas of country were specially called along with dance troupes from Kerala, Tamil Naidu, Andhra Pradesh , Karnataka, Lakshwadeep and Puducherry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17222176", "title": "Diwali fails to fire up demand for crackers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The crackdown on firecrackers in the city seems to have made an impact this Diwali as traders report a massive dip in sales, ranging from 35% to 65% as compared to the previous year.Reporting a 50% decline in demand this Diwali, Inder Vir Jain of Inder Fire Works says the situation has never been so grim in the nearly 25 years he's spent in the business. Another trader, P K Goel, also says it's the worst since he has started the business in 1995. \"Usually we have to restock our supply, but this year our warehouse is still full with crackers we bought in March or April,\" says Goel of Balaji Fireworks, adding that there was a decline of 35% this year.The only saving grace, say traders, was the sale during the last few days, but it failed to compensate for a lackluster season. \"Normally business starts after the Navratras, but this year it was very slow. Initially we faced a slump of 75%, and though we recovered a little in the three days before Diwali, overall it is still down by 50%,\" says Arun Aggarwal, Dharam Fire Works. Aggarwal, in business for 24 years, likens the situation to the slowdown that occurred during the Rohtak flood of 1995.This year too, traders say, unpredictable events have played a hand in the low sales of firecrackers. \"Crackers come from Sivakasi in Tamil Nadu, and the fire at a cracker unit there earlier this year reduced the production of crackers. The Nilam cyclone that hit southern states also made it difficult for firecracker factories to operate. The price of some crackers went up as a result,\" says Umesh Kumar, Umesh Fire Works, adding that though they bought just half the amount of crackers they normally do, business was still down by 65% this year.The high price of firecrackers did not help the already low-buying behaviour spurred by unrelenting inflation. \"People have a lot of financial burden and bills to pay, so crackers were not a priority,\" says Aggarwal. \"Sales depend on big crackers, but buyers willing to spend thousands were few this year. People bought phuljhadis or anaars for shagun,\" says Kumar. He also says growing awareness among children through endeavours at schools have also contributed to the low demand for crackers.\"Licensing norms have become strict, so fewer retailers manage to obtain licences to sell firecrackers. Our area would be filled with small shops selling crackers, and they would buy from us. But with hardly any shops this year, our buyers were much less,\" says Goel, a wholesaler.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17225674", "title": "Bal Thackeray 'stable'; we are hopeful, Uddhav says", "text": "MUMBAI: The health of Shiv Sena patriarch Bal Thackeray, who was in a critical condition last night, is \"stable\" now, party spokesman Sanjay Raut said on Thursday morning.\"Balasaheb is stable now. Need not worry. He is responding to doctors' efforts,\" Raut, a Rajya Sabha MP, said.Doctors attending to Thackeray (86) had said on Wednesday night that he was in a \"very critical\" condition and on life support system.None of the doctors attending on him were available for the latest update on his condition on Thursday.BJP leader Gopinath Munde who visited 'Matoshree' on Thursday morning told reporters that \"the Sena chief's health is better than last night\".As news spread about Thackeray's health, several party workers started assembling outside his residence 'Matoshree' in suburban Bandra, where security has been stepped up.A number of Shiv Sena MPs, legislators and senior leaders also reached Thackeray's residence as the word spread.Security outside 'Matoshree' has been beefed up with police setting up barricades to streamline flow of crowds.Police personnel all over the state are told to be on alert.The party executive president Uddhav Thackeray had on Wednesday night appealed to Shiv Sainiks to maintain calm and pray for senior Thackeray's health.\"I have not lost hope. We are facing a crisis, we shall overcome,\" Shiv Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray said. \"We are hopeful. You be hopeful. Let's pray.\"Uddhav stepped outside the Thackeray home 'Matoshri' briefly around 2am to address the massive crowd of anxious party activists who gathered there since late Wednesday.Accompanied by son Aditya, Uddhav appealed to the people to \"remain calm and maintain peace\" and ensure that the image of 'Matoshri' is not spoiled.\"The team of doctors is continuing their efforts....Balasaheb's self-determination is very strong... We are facing a crisis, we shall overcome,\" Uddhav assured his supporters.He added that Thackeray was responding positively to the medical treatment being administered by the doctors and urged his supporters to pray for their leader's health and co-operate in maintaining peace.The 86-year-old Thackeray has been suffering from breathing problems and has been occasionally put on oxygen.Besides all members of the Thackeray family, nephew Raj Thackeray and his wife Sharmila, top Shiv Sena leaders like ex-Lok Sabha speaker Manohar Joshi, senior leader Subhash Desai, party MP Sanjay Raut, legislators Ramdas Kadam, Eknath Shinde and other elected representatives at various levels, senior Bharatiya Janata Party leader Vinod Tawade and others rushed to the bungalow around midnight.Maharashtra on maximum alertFormer President Pratibha Patil called on Matoshree early this week to inquire after Balasaheb's health. Maharashtra leaders, including Chhagan Bhujbal, Gopinath Munde, Ramdas Athavale too paid a visit to Matoshree. NCP chief Sharad Pawar made a call to Thackeray's son, Uddhav on Tuesday and inquired after the Sena chief's health. Bollywood mega-star Amitabh Bachchan accompanied by son Abhishek, Sanjay Dutt and wife Manyata were among other prominent personalities who went to Matoshri.Meanwhile, the entire state was put on maximum alert in view of the deteriorating condition of the Sena supremo. In a wireless message to all the police commissioners and SPs, the state home department asked them to deploy not only companies of the state reserve police force, but also rapid action force companies. \"Ensure that adequate police force is deployed in your jurisdiction and if someone is taking the law into his hand or creating communal tension, deal with them with an iron hand,\" a senior IPS officer quoted the message as saying.(With inputs from agencies)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17223247", "title": "Gadkari woes blunt BJP\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s offensive", "text": "NEW DELHI: The lingering controversy over BJP president Nitin Gadkari's business dealings is proving to be a major distraction for the party at a time when it is keen to score at the Congress's expense over scandals and corruption charges.The main opposition's attempt to pin Congress down over allegations of wrongdoings in the land deals of Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra, Coalgate and the 2G scam is being blunted as it fends off allegations of financial irregularities with regard to the Purti group founded by Gadkari.Even on Wednesday, BJP spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad found himself facing an interrogative media asking questions on the apparent flip-flop of RSS-aligned chartered accountant S Gurumurthy who on Tuesday had seemed to modify the \"clean chit\" he gave Gadkari.BJP's travails were apparent with the party on Wednesday releasing a letter sent to Gadkari by Gurumurthy reiterating that he found no moral or legal wrong in the Purti affair while lamenting that his \"professional views\" in the matter were being given a political colour.A day earlier, his tweet that he could give no blanket certificate to a person he did not know all that well and his \"personal view\" that the leader of a party ought not to be involved in a business set off speculation over whether Gurumurthy was rethinking his backing for Gadkari.Although the dissemination of Gurumurthy's letter is intended to dispel such an impression, the events only served to trigger a fresh round of heated debate over the factional alignments in BJP and RSS over whether Gadkari ought to immediately step down.The latest episode came a couple of days after former RSS ideologue M G Vaidya's blog blaming Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi for orchestrating an attack on Gadkari to further his prime ministerial ambitions created considerable consternation in saffron circles. Vaidya is seen as a maverick given to loose comment, but the blog served to make public what was being whispered in BJP and Sangh quarters, exposing a deep rift in the BJP and weakening the party's main plank in its campaign against the Congress.Defending Gadkari, BJP said he had worked for the welfare of farmers of Vidarbha in Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17221564", "title": "Kids make smart walking stick for blind", "text": "GURGAON: These days, one keeps hearing about student adventures in amateur robotics. Tales of school kids putting together a race-car prototype or a talking machine that can replicate a human lisp are not uncommon. But more often than not, these extremely clever student-designed contraptions fail to live up to one of the first principles of good design - that of usability. These robots merely stop at being amusing, and seldom have any real use in the real world. And this is where \"the Communicane\" differs.Conceived and created by three Gurgaon-based students, and showcased recently at the World Robot Olympiad (WRO) in Malaysia, 'the Communicane' is a device that can be used by the visually impaired. It is a 'cane' that electronically 'communicates' with the user, and hence the name. Fitted with ultrasound sensors, the machine detects obstacles and alerts the user making navigation, like crossing busy streets, easier for the blind. Secondly, the device has an SOS mechanism, and in cases of emergency can send distress signals, both automatically and manually.\"It was not the programming bit, or the building of robots alone that interested us. We were also concerned with what the device could do for society,\" said Anees Shaikh, a 15-year-old student at Gurgaon's Manav Rachna International School, who is a part of the three-member team that built the \"Communicane\". The device was first shown at the Indian Robot Olympiad, and was among the 15 contenders from India that made it to the WRO this year.\"The topic given to us was 'connecting people' and we had in mind the group of people that is particularly isolated from society, the visually impaired,\" said Sreekar Voleti, another member of the design team from the same school, who wants to study particle physics in his grown-up years.What started as an extra-curricular school project, might now be on its way to becoming a more refined machine with improved functionality. \"We want to patent our innovation. There are further plans, too. Such as making a blind tracking system, which gives you real-time information about people using the 'Communicane',\" said the 16-year-old Prikshit Rao, the third in the group.The trio recently returned from Kuala Lumpur, where the WRO was held. But the \"Communicane\" failed to secure a win at the international tourney. \"Everyone tried their best. But there's only one winner at the end. But in the bargain, we got international exposure and a chance to make some new friends,\" Prikshit added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mahbubabad", "code": "17222626", "title": "Two missing girls found dead; youth arrested", "text": "MAHBUBABAD: Two girl students were found dead in mysterious circumstances at the Intikanne railway station near Mahbubabad on Wednesday. The girls were reported missing since Monday.According to sources, Tejawath Vanita,16, and Jatotu Anusha,17, who were cousins, were pursuing intermediate in Hanamkonda. They went to their native village on Sunday. On Monday, after informing their grandmother Kamili, went to their school at Nekkonda to collect their certificates.On Wednesday when the bodies of both the girls were found on the tracks at the Intikanne station, their family members rushed to the spot and identified them. They suspected the hand of Anusha's boyfriend Ramesh behind the deaths.The police collected cinema tickets and railway tickets from their bags and sent the bodies to the Mahbubabad area hospital for a post-mortem.Based on the allegations of the family, the police picked up Ramesh and questioned him. Ramesh reportedly told the police that both the girls had approached him on Monday and asked to take them to a movie at Amrutha theatre in Hanamkonda. He said after they watched the movie, he had left them at the Warangal railway station to go to Nekkonda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17222606", "title": "Insas rifles may be on its way out", "text": "NAGPUR: Insas, the country's first indigenously designed rifle which was used in the Kargil war but criticized by soldiers, may be finally on its way out from the Army.The Army hasn't placed any fresh orders with the Ordnance Factory Board (OFB) for the 5.56 Insas rifles for the current as well as the coming year.Concurrently, the army is evaluating proposals from foreign vendors for new rifles, but a final decision is yet be to taken. It is scouring the arms market for advanced rifles which have features like interchangeable barrels of different calibre. Initially, the rifles will be purchased directly from the vendor. Later, it will be made at the ordnance factories under a transfer of technology (ToT) agreement with the vendor.Sources in OFB say the army is likely to have not placed any order for Insas in light of the planned acquisition. \"The army is supposed to have generated enough reserves by this time so as to meet any exigency,\" said a source in OFB.OFB chairman Sudhir Kumar Beri confirmed about no indents being placed. Currently, the ordnance factories are making the Insas rifles for the paramilitary only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "17221692", "title": "Dadri on boil after truck crushes boy", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Tension prevailed near the Dadri container depot in Greater Noida after a 15-year-old was knocked down from the motorcycle he was travelling on by a truck and killed on the spot. Following the accident, angry residents of Tilpata village gathered at the spot and damaged the container truck. They also blocked the road for several hours. Meanwhile, police said that two parked containers reportedly \"caught fire\" at the depot around the same time.The incident occurred in the afternoon on Wednesday when two teenage boys from Tilpata village were going towards Dadri on a motorcycle. According to station officer of Surajpur, Piyush Dixit, the victim has been identified as Pankaj. \"He was riding pillion, while his friend Deepak was driving the bike. The bike was hit from behind by a container truck, which was entering the depot,\" Dixit said. \"Pankaj fell off the bike and was crushed under the wheels of the truck and died on the spot,\" Dixit said.The driver abandoned his vehicle and fled. There was tension for a while after the accident as hundreds of angry villagers jammed the road in protest of the teenager's death. Police officers soon reached the spot and had a tough time diffusing the tension and the situation from taking an ugly turn. After nearly two hours, police managed to disperse the crowd after assuring them that appropriate penal action would be taken against the container truck driver. \"A case has been registered at the Surajpur police station and Pankaj's body has been sent for autopsy,\" Dixit said.Residents of Tilpata also alleged that the stretch leading to the container depot was dangerous and an accident-prone area. Villagers said that accidents occurred frequently as drivers of the trucks drove rashly both while entering and exiting from the depot. \"The residents demanded that the road needed speed breakers to make it a safe stretch. They also demanded that warning signs about the heavy traffic that plies in the area needed to be put up to warn pedestrians and light vehicular traffic about the trucks,\" said Alok Priyadarshi, circle officer, Greater Noida. \"We have assured them that we will look into their problems and soon take the required measures to make the road safe,\" Priyadarshi said.Meanwhile, two parked containers reportedly \"caught fire\" at the depot around the same time. According to police officials the fire was caused \"due to a possible mechanical fault\" and had nothing to do with the accident even though eyewitnesses and villagers claimed that the angry crowd had allegedly set them on fire to protest the death of the 15-year-old boy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17224214", "title": "Ind vs Eng: India 323/4 at stumps on Day 1 against England", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Virender Sehwag cracked his first century in more than two years as India came up with a solid batting display to take control of the first cricket Test against England on Thursday.Scorecard | Match in PicsSehwag, who has been woefully out of form for long, notched up his 23rd Test century with a run-a-ball 117, while Cheteshwar Pujara was just two runs short of his ton as the hosts cruised to 323 for four at close on the opening day.Giving Pujara company was comeback man Yuvraj Singh, who was batting on 24, on a dry Sardar Patel track which has already shown signs of assisting the slow bowlers.Off-spinner Graeme Swann did the damage for the visitors, scalping all the four wickets that fell on Thursday, and pegged India back to some extent after the roaring start Sehwag provided to the team.Sachin Tendulkar (13) and Virat Kohli (19) could not capitalise on the 134-run partnership for the first wicket between Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir (45).Opener Sehwag, playing his 99th Test, blasted 16 fours and a six in his usual belligerent fashion, helping him to his first century since November, 2010.He dominated the rival bowling attack after the hosts opted to bat on a bone-dry pitch, offering low bounce and some turn.Sehwag was given good support by Gambhir who scored his runs in 111 balls and Pujara, who was closing in on his second Test century after batting watchfully for almost four hours and facing 181 balls. He hit 13 fours.Pujara and Yuvraj saw off the new ball till close after offie Swann turned around the visitors' fortunes by sending back Gambhir and then Sehwag, Tendulkar and Kohli in quick succession.The 34-year-old Sehwag batted for 209 minutes before being bowled by Swann while trying to go for a slog-sweep from outside the off.This was his second century against England, reaching the mark thirty minutes to tea. And apart from Sehwag, only Pujara could play Swann with some ease.Apart from his century partnership runs with Gambhir, who batted for 127 minutes and struck four fours, Sehwag added 90 runs for the second wicket with Pujara, who batted for close to two sessions to remain unbeaten.Swann, easily the standout bowler for England on a track offering turn, spun the visitors back into the game half an hour before tea with the dismissals of Sehwag and Tendulkar, who entered his 24th year in international cricket today.Swann, who had dismissed Gambhir early in the session, led the visitors' fightback in an excellent post-lunch second spell of 4-0-11-2.Later, the off-spinner, who needed eight wickets before the game to reach the 200 mark, deceived Kohli who was dropped by Jonathan Trott at slip off the same bowler when on four. He bowled the batsman through the gate with a sharply spinning ball as he stretched forward to defend.England took the second new ball in the 87th over but could not get another breakthrough before stumps. The visitors probably missed the left-arm spin of Monty Panesar who was not included in the playing 11 as they preferred to go in with three pacers.Earlier, thanks largely to Sehwag, who came into the game after scoring a century in the Ranji Trophy game against UP, the hosts scored 120 without losing a wicket in the first session and added another 130 runs in the second for the loss of the two openers and Tendulkar.Swann, who took Gambhir's wicket from the pavilion end, switched ends to send back Sehwag and Tendulkar in the space of 22 balls. He dismissed Kohli too from the same end.Sehwag and Tendulkar were both out to attacking shots, the latter hitting it straight to Samit Patel, while Kohli was beaten by the turn.After a fruitless first session, England struck early after lunch when Swann bowled Gambhir in the second over.The left-hander had been fortunate a few balls earlier against the same bowler when wicketkeeper Matt Prior missed a leg side stumping chance.However Sehwag batted in his inimitable fashion, with Pujara stoutly defending at the other end.Pujara bided his time after starting off with a fine extra cover drive. He was fortunate early on as his flick was mistimed and the ballooning ball fell just short of Anderson at mid-on.The Saurashtra batsman was cautious after the early escape and compiled his runs brick by brick.After almost giving a return catch to Swann three short of his ton, Sehwag reached the three-figure by lofting the bowler over mid-on for a single. It took him only 90 balls and 163 minutes.Most of Sehwag's boundaries were scored in the arc between cover and third man.It was Sehwag's first century since making 173 at this ground against New Zealand, and his second versus England in eleven years.The visitors conceded 70 runs in the first hour after lunch, but could add only 99 runs in 39.5 overs after the opener was dismissed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17221655", "title": "Pile of skulls triggers panic in Korukkupet", "text": "CHENNAI: A pile of skulls, believed to be human, sparked panic in Korukkupet on Wednesday, after autoriskshaw drivers discovered them in a playground in the area.Police officers said members of Social Democratic Party of India (SDPI) may have used the skulls in a protest, which they had staged in the locality to highlight the ill-effects of drinking liquor, and later dumped them in the playground.\"There were seven skulls, two liquor bottles and a few pamphlets near the skulls in the playground based on information provided by residents,\" said assistant commissioner of police, Washermenpet, K G Narasimmavarman. \"We are yet to determine if the skulls are real or not.\"He said police would question SDPI members who staged the protest to find out if they had dumped the skulls at the spot.Autorickshaw drivers who found the skulls said a pile of white objects caught their attention. \"We first thought it could by discarded clothes but we were taken aback when we took a closer look and found that they were skulls,\" said autorickshaw driver Marimuthu.\"We initially thought that the skulls had been buried and were exposed after the recent showers,\" he said. \"But the skulls had been dumped on the grass so we informed police.\" Manikandan, who lives nearby, said the protest was held near the collectorate a couple of weeks ago and not anywhere near where the skulls were found. \"It is unlikely that they carried the skulls all the way here to dump them,\" he said. \"There are a few burial grounds in the locality and we sometimes stumble upon skulls.\"R K Nagar police have seized the skulls and investigators are questioning residents of the locality.\"We are trying to find out where the skulls came from. We will carry out a thorough probe into the matter,\" said a senior police officer.A spokesperson of the SDPI said party members held demonstration on October 17 to bring notice to the ill-effect of liquor. Members from various places brought some models of skulls for the protest and then took them back home.Motorists got the shock of their life on October 21 when they found a severed head on Wall Tax Road. It turned out that a police sub-inspector was carrying the head of an accident victim, wrapped in a plastic cover and placed in a bucket, after forensic analysis to the Moolakothalam burial ground, on his motorbike.It slipped out of the cover when the policeman swerved to prevent his motorbike from hitting a pothole.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17221695", "title": "600 workers regularised by government", "text": "CHENNAI: It has taken two and half decades and a rap from the Madras high court for R Arasi, a part-time sweeper in a government school in Salem, to become a 'permanent' employee of the state, eligible to claim salary, arrears and other perks.Faced with the prospect of being hauled up for contempt of court, the school education department regularised the services of more than 600 people, who had been slogging in various schools across the state for periods ranging from 10 years to more than 25 years.Justice P Jyothimani (since retired), who was initially seized of a contempt petition from aggrieved part-time employees, recorded his judicial appreciation of the role of advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan and additional government pleader (education) P Sanjay Gandhi.The matter relates to writ petitions filed by Arasi and other similarly-placed workers, most of whom were described in school registers as 'part-time sweepers', but were made to do sundry work. Though they had been working during regular school hours all these years, they had been getting a small salary.In October 2008, the government passed orders regularising the services of casual employees. However, it had left out others like Arasi, who filed writ petitions after the representations failed to evoke any response.On December 23, 2010, it directed the department to regularise those who had put in at least 10 years of service. It also asked them to submit representations to authorities, who would pass orders in eight weeks. The present proceedings were initiated as there was no response from the authorities.On October 3, 2012 the government passed orders to regularise the services of Arasi and 613 others and granted them time scale of pay from the date of completion of 10 years of service. Sanjay Gandhi told the court that the employees would be given their dues and other monetary benefits in due course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17221358", "title": "Reclamation of agricultural land halted by flying squad", "text": "PANAJI: The flying squad stopped reclamation of agricultural land which is being used to broaden a road leading from Bhatlem to Taleigao after receiving an oral complaint on Monday. The work had commenced a few days ago and at least 400m of the stretch of the road has been levelled for tarring in the future. \"The debris had been dumped by the roadside in a phased manner several months ago,\" a resident said.A crane started leveling the debris, adding almost ten more metres on both sides. \"The breadth of the road is about 13-15m, including four metres of the tarred portion,\" the resident added.\"We have halted the work but no information is available as to who is carrying it out,\" a source from the flying squad said. PWD sources have denied undertaking the leveling work. \"We are trying to find out which party is responsible for it,\" a flying squad source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17227677", "title": "38 fresh dengue cases in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dengue continued to spread in the capital with 38 more people testing positive for the mosquito-borne disease, taking the total number of cases to 1,584 this season.Thirty-seven of the fresh cases were reported from East, South and North Delhi Corporations while one originated from outside the capital.So far, four persons have died in the capital due to dengue. Of the 1,584 cases, 12 cases originated from outside the city.South Delhi Municipal Corporation reported the maximum number of 594 cases, while 532 cases were detected from the North Delhi Municipal Corporation area and 390 from East Delhi Municipal Corporation.Other cases were reported from NDMC and Delhi cantonment areas.Last year, a total of 976 cases were reported and five deaths took place while in 2010, a total of 5,994 dengue cases and eight deaths were recorded in the capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17222640", "title": "Police \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcatrocities\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 anger Muslims", "text": "HYDERABAD: The United Muslim Action Committee (UMAC), the biggest representative body of Muslims in the state filed a petition with the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC), complaining against police atrocities in Old City, officials said.Measures taken up by the police department to prevent or diffuse communal tension in the city seem to have rubbed the minorities on the wrong side, with members alleging harassment and discrimination by the police. Of late, the SHRC is witnessing a spurt in complaints by Muslim citizens and organizations, mainly in connection to police inaction.\"From November 10 night, police have imposed section 144 in many parts of Old City but it looks like an undeclared curfew has been clamped. One can find barricades with hundreds of policemen in most parts of Old City,\" said Abdul Raheem Qureshi, president of UMAC. He said if action is not taken, there could be riots against the police.The UMAC said most of the commercial establishments had been forcibly closed by the police resulting in huge losses to the traders of the area. The committee members along with MIM leaders Asaduddin Owaisi and Akbaruddin Owaisi met the SHRC chairman justice Nisar Ahmad Kakru and briefed him on the prevailing situation in Old City. \"Residents within a two kilometers radius are also unable to get their daily provisions. Ration shops, medical halls, private clinics and nursing homes are also shut in these areas,\" the petition says.Trouble broke out on November 11 when the Bhagyalakshmi Temple authorities built a canopy over a bamboo structure, violating court order, which they said was mainly to keep devotees away from the heat and rain during special aarti on Diwali day. But police did not bring down the structure and instead imposed restrictions, which forced people out off the streets.The petition also focused on the state of petty vendors and fruit sellers who eke out a living with their daily businesses and informed that many of them are in a deplorable state. Members also complained that devotees are not being allowed to pray inside the Mecca Masjid because of unnecessary security measures. The members had earlier been to the police headquarters and complained with the commissioner.They further alleged that police was resorting to illegal arrests of minorities and traffic restrictions which were throwing life out of gear.Blaming the police for the present situation, members requested the commission to enquire into the unofficial curfew and ensure that petty vendors and traders are compensated for the loss incurred during this duration. Admitting the case, the Chairman of the commission directed the chef secretary and DGP of the state and city police commissioner to enquire within 48 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17222378", "title": "Sajan murder: Cops take 5 more into custody", "text": "NAGPUR: The number of assailants arrested in the Anup Gedam, alias Sajan, murder case has gone to seven after the Gittikhadan police rounded up five more for their alleged involvement on Wednesday. One of the accused Amit Khandeshwar, who had been externed to other districts earlier, had committed the crime after sneaking into the city.Gittikhadan police, which had strangely acted in a sloth manner after the murder, picked up pace in arresting more people after residents of Saifee Nagar raised their voice. Police had arrested Avinash Bhoyar and Dinesh Netam on Monday following the discovery of Sajan's body in the nullah along the Gorewada ring road. Sajan was strangled before his body was hurled into the nullah barely around 300 meters from his residence.Gittikhadan police did not arrest more people despite the fact that Sajan's family was constantly pressing for taking the suspects into custody for questioning. Sajan's mother had seen her youngest son leaving home with an inebriated Bunty Uikey but cops waited for more than a day to arrest him. The family members were also complaining about more people but police had turned deaf ears to their plea.The situation changed after the residents of Saifee Nagar thronged the police station. \"Khandeshwar was coming to the locality everyday despite being externed. Everyone knew this but not Gittikhadan police,\" said a Saifee Nagar resident. He added that Khandeshwar masterminded the murder as Sajan had challenged his close aide Dhamma Dahat.It's learnt that Dahat, now arrested, had cut off Sajan's long locks which had enraged him. Sajan had a tiff with Dahat over the issue. Sources said Dahat and Khandeshwar wanted to teach Sajan a lesson.Apart from Uikey, Dahat and Khandeshwar, police have also nabbed Bablu Taiwade and Sagar Mendhe for their alleged involvement in the murder. Senior PI CM Bahadure of Gittikhadan police station said that a detailed investigation suggested the involvement of the persons whom we have arrested. \"Initially, we took two people into custody because their roles had come to fore but later picked up others as their involvement in the case was revealed by the others too,\" said the PI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17222612", "title": "Diwali 2012: Animals panic as noise grips Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: Animals across the city suffered the most while Diwali celebrations were on at several households in the city.\"Many pet owners called us saying their pets were either missing or appeared fearful, breathed heavily while the crackers were being burst outside,\" said Dr Viju Vijayan Pillai, a resident veterinary doctor at the animal shelter in the city.Meanwhile, animal rights activists say this is a regular situation during Diwali and other celebrations. Deepak Nair, a city-based animal rights activist says Diwali is a terrible time for animals especially dogs. \"Though all animals may not panic after crackers burst but a good number of dogs get scared. This is because the dogs have a more advanced hearing capacity than most of the animals,\" he says. There are several instances where out of fear, they escape from the houses, run long distances and mostly never come back later, Nair adds.Mini Vasudevan, managing trustee of Humane Animal Society (HAS) says animals that are panic-stricken can be identified through their symptoms. \"They show a tendency to hide under the bed. Shivering, excess salivating, a tendency to flee and an increased heart rate are also some of the symptoms,\" she says.When the pets panic, they need reassurance, say veterinarians. \"A comforting pat can also go a long way to console them. However, if they continue to show symptoms, a veterinarian should be consulted,\" Dr Viju said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "17223190", "title": "Cash, jewellery stolen from bank lockers", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: Diwali night turned inauspicious for a few customers of Punjab and Sindh Bank as robbers broke into the bank, which had no CCTV cameras, and fled with cash and jewellery from at least five lockers.High drama ensued on Wednesday morning as news of the bank robbery spread. Customers rushed to the bank demanding to know if their lockers were safe. However, when the bank authorities allegedly refused to divulge details, several customers protested and blocked the National Highway-73 that links Yamunanagar to Kurukshetra.Tension prevailed as over 200 people, mostly agitated customers who have lockers in the bank and were uncertain if their deposits were safe, blocked the road for almost an hour.Pushpa, a customer of the bank, told TOI, \"Now the bank officials are saying that they had provided a locker for customers to keep their valuables and they are not responsible for the loss.\"However, bank manager BS Sethi said, \"When we reached the bank in the morning, we found broken lockers. We cannot say anything at this moment as police are investigating the matter. We have informed higher authorities in the bank about the robbery and each case will be dealt with as per rules.\"Harminder Sethi, a customer whose locker was broken, told TOI, \"My locker had jewellery of five families put in one place. It was more than 3kg gold.\" Suman, another customer, said, \"My gold weighing 2kg plus important documents were taken away.\"\"The failure of the bank to get CCTV cameras installed for security is a huge negligence. We will register case against them also once the situation becomes clear,\" said a police official.\"Actual loss will become known after all the affected parties submit detail. We have registered a case of theft against unknown persons,\" Sandeep Kumar , SHO, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17222731", "title": "A 40 min protest that brought the Thiruvanathapuram to a halt", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: It was a classic example of how a small group of people can bring a city to a grinding halt. On Wednesday morning, one of the busiest roads in Thiruvananthapuram, the MG Road, came to standstill when 50 DYFI activists decided to carry out a non-violent protest march.The protesters blocked both the lanes of MG Road and then resorted to a sit-in in front of the North Gate of the secretariat. Usually, protesters block only one side of the road and allow traffic on the other side, but this time it was different. The protest lasted around 40 minutes under the supervision of a full team from the Thiruvananthapuram Armed Reserve Camp, led by deputy commissioner of police (law and order) Putta Vimaladitya, a circle inspector, three sub inspectors and a group of other officials.\"We are accustomed to strikes, protests and blocks. However, today's protest march was too much. Normally, the lane from East Fort towards Palayam is kept open for motorists during such marches. Even on November 8, when thousands of Popular Front of India activists took out a protest march, police had managed to let the traffic flow on one lane. Police should give strict directions to the protesters whoever it is,\" said Muraleedharan Nair, who got stuck in the protest. Nair, who wanted to go to Spencer Junction from East Fort area, had to take a diversion from the Overbridge itself and then go via General Hospital Junction and on to Palayam Junction and had to then wait till the traffic got cleared by the cops after the protest march.When contacted, DCP Vimaladitya said no vehicle was held up anywhere in the road. \"It is true, normally only one lane is used by the protesters. We have decided to register case against the protesters for causing the road block. The police and traffic officials are ready to tackle such situations, as the city witnesses protests and strikes almost every day. The protest march lasted for about 40 minutes, but not a single vehicle was halted,\" he claimed.Meanwhile, DYFI played down the road block saying the issue is what matters, not the number of protesters and road block for a few minutes. \"We are doing it for the society, not for any individual gain,\" said a DYFI district leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17228212", "title": "Gautham Menon's Thanga Meengal for Pongal", "text": "Gautham Menon's home production Thanga Meengal will be released for Pongal in January 2013. This movie has been directed by Ram of Katradhu Thamizh fame and he also stars in the movie in the lead role.The film dwells on the delicate yet beautiful relationship between a father and a daughter in a totally unseen light. A lot is anticipated from this movie in festival circles and also from the general audience.A joint production of Gautham Menon's Photon Kathaas and R. S. Infotainment, the film features score and soundtrack composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja.Looks like Gautham Menon is looking to take fight with Alex Pandian with his Thanga Meengal which is also to be released for Pongal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17222622", "title": "Two more H1N1 deaths in Coimbatore, taking toll to nine", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two more H1N1 deaths were reported in the city on Wednesday taking the total death toll to nine since January 2012.A 40-year-old woman who tested positive for H1N1 was referred to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital from Udumalpet, but breathed her last at the isolation ward of the government hospital early on Wednesday morning.A 28-year-old woman staying near Singanallur was declared dead at a private hospital in the city where she was tested and found to be infected with H1N1 virus.According to sources at Coimbatore Medical College hospital, M Rajeswari, a resident of Udumalpet was referred to the government hospital from Udumalpet and she passed away on Wednesday morning after she stopped responding to treatment.One more H1N1 death was reported from within city limits today after a 28-year-old woman from Pudukottai district staying near Singanallur in the city was declared dead on Wednesday.The victim Vidya Sankari was staying here in the city when she was admitted with fever and throat infection to a private hospital. The total death toll of H1N1 patients here has gone up to nine out of which four people were from outside Coimbatore who were referred here for medical aid.\"A fresh H1N1 case has be reported from the city limits on Thursday,\" said Dr R Dhamodharan, deputy director, public health services, Coimbatore.Vidya Sankari was admitted to PSG hospital near Peelamedu on November 10 after which her throat swabs were collected and sent for H1N1 test. She was found to be positive and treatment was provided till she was declared dead on Wednesday.The travel history of the patient is not known at the moment. She was residing between Ondipudur and Singanallur in the city corporation limits.The total H1N1 death toll in Coimbatore has now risen to nine with the latest deaths. Four city residents including Vidya Sankari have died of the infection since January 2012.Latha Senthilnathan, a 44-year-old housewife from Sriram Nagar, Rajagopal, a 77-year-old man from Uppilipalayam and Sreenivasan, a 39-year-old man from Devangai Nagar in Edayarpalayam were the other victims who succumbed to H1N1 virus in the city.Five other patients referred to Coimbatore for treatment from Tirupur, Nilgiris, Palakkad (Kerala) and Erode have also been declared dead so far. Corporation health officials are expected to take control measures at the residence of the affected persons either on Thursday night or Friday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17223334", "title": "Protests, vigils in the UK", "text": "Pro-choice protests and candlelight vigils have been held in many places, with one in Belfast on Thursday. Protesters are using social media to mobilize public opinion.As Belfast-based Virginia Santini, who is co-ordinating the protest on Facebook, writes : \"Medics knew the risks of delaying Savita's abortion but refused to terminate her pregnancy because they still detected a heartbeat from the foetus - under Ireland law, an abortion in these circumstances is equal to murder. It is an absolute disgrace that the law holds in higher esteem an unborn foetus than a woman who has thoughts and feelings, and friends and family who love and care for her, and who was in the prime of her life...\"Till late Wednesday night, 94 persons joined the protest. There were protests London and Dublin on Wednesday too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17227215", "title": "Pakistani crockery makers come up with huge variety of Indian style crockery", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Fascinated by the way Indians have dishes with separate space for serving pulses and vegetables, the Pakistani Crockery makers have for the first time come up with a huge variety of Indian style Crockery, which they have been exporting to Dubai and England and have also brought to the city beautiful.According to the Pakistani crockery makers it is after an intensive research on Indian's eating habits that they have come up with these serving dishes.Talking about how the dishes in India differ from those used in Pakistan, Javed Iqbal one of the stall owners said, \"In Pakistan bowls used are much deeper as mostly non vegetarian food is served.\"Javed is in the crockery manufacturing business in Pakistan for the last 25 years and has brought Melamine Crockery to Chandigarh. He has been visiting India from last seven to eight years and has researched extensively on the eating habits and crockery affinity on this side of the border.\"We have received tremendous response from the public and the love and affection shown to us makes us feel at home. The crockery is in various colours and designs and is made of very high quality material,\" he said. Their product range starts from Rs 20 and goes on till Rs 5,000.He has been exporting this Indian Style crockery to Dubai, South Africa , Kenya, Nigeria and other East African countries.Also a member of Gujranwala Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Javed shared how they have been taking with them various Indian Items their people are fascinated about. \"We get various Pakistani Items with us but while going back we take along Traditional Indian items like spices, suits etc as there is a fascination of Indian items in Pakistan just like it is in India,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17223142", "title": "In Pakistan, \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcHappy Diwali\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 trends on Twitter for two days", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "sabarimala (kerala)", "code": "17226319", "title": "Sabarimala pilgrimage gets under way", "text": "SABARIMALA (KERALA): Devotees have started pouring at the foothills of the holy hillock of Sabarimala as the two-month long annual pilgrimage season of Lord Ayyappa temple is all set to begin in the wee hours on Friday.The 41-day 'mandala pooja' season of the shrine will start on Friday at the dawn of the month of 'vrishchikam' of Malayalam calendar, followed by the 'makaravilakku\" phase lasting till mid-January next year.One of world's largest religious events, Sabarimala attracts an average three crore devotees every year.Various government departments, Travancore Devaswom Board and voluntary agencies are engaged in the last-minute preparations to cope the inflow of devotees both at the Sannidhanam atop and the base camp on the banks of the holy river Pampa.Large contingents of police personnel had been deployed to maintain security, crowd management and traffic control.According to official sources, ensuring hassle-free darshan to pilgrims through effective crowd management and keeping the fragile ecosystem of the hillshrine situated in the buffer zones of Periyar Tiger Rserves in Pathanamthitta district are some of the vital tasks ahead.The first phase of the pilgrimage will culminate with the 'mandala' poja on December 26. It will be followed by the 'makaravilakku' with the 'jyothi darshan' as its highpoint on January 14.Railways have announced Sabari special trains from different destinations like Chennai, Bangalore and Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17230017", "title": "Zady &amp; Ahmed Khan present \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcL.A.Y.L.A\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 and \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcVibez'", "text": "No Limit Productionz (NLP), the artist management agency behind the success of Imran Khan , and currently managing RaOol makers of Tasha Tah's Malang present Zady &amp; Ahmed Khan and their new double single release, 'L.A.Y.L.A' and 'Vibez'!And recently collaborating with CMMNWLTH MGMT to represent US artist panjabi threat Mickey Singh for the UK, we are now excited to launch a new Belgian duo to the British South Asian music market - A2Z (Zady &amp; Ahmed Khan).NLP has been working on expanding the brand with numerous collaborations around the world and have on this occasion partnered with VIP Energy Music Limited for International cross brand opportunities in the USA, Canada, Europe and the UK.Director of No Limit Productionz, Ash Kavia says, \"NLP are continually being recognised as a platform for discovering, developing and delivering the careers of the next generation of hit makers and young artists from around the world. With the launch of A2Z (Zady &amp; Ahmed Khan), we are poised to release great music, great products and shows that will propel the new duo into the stratosphere\".Zady &amp; Ahmed Khan are both vocalists and producers with radio success across Europe under the VIP Energy brand. Their new double single release, L.A.Y.L.A and Vibez will be distributed to radio today. L.A.Y.L.A is a Middle Eastern influenced track laden with deep dance beats and finished with Panjabi lyrics. Vibez follows a much more bollywood led feel with a house rhythm backed again with Panjabi lyrics.Zady &amp; Ahmed Khan's ethos is to connect the dots musically around the world with a unique blend of western production, global beats tied together with an intrinsically Panjabi style and lyrics.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17221811", "title": "Car falls into canal, 2 missing", "text": "NEW DELHI: What was meant to be a fun drive around town turned tragic when a Maruti Zen carrying three boys fell into a canal near Badarpur. Although one was pulled out, two others are missing. Manish (27), Raju (25) and Dipak (18) are from Molarbad.The Delhi Disaster Management Authority, police and fire brigade are conducting search operations. The incident took place about 7.30 pm. \"We received a PCR call at 7.45 pm,\" said an officer. Eyewitnesses claim the boys were drunk. However, police say the accident took place during a driving lesson.\"Manish is a driver by profession. He was teaching his friends Raju and Dipak to drive,\" said the officer. The canal is 15 feet deep and about six divers have been conducting the search. \"The chances of survival of the two are quite bleak,\" said the senior officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17222440", "title": "Maharashtra farmers get Kejriwal support", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expressing support for Maharashtra sugarcane farmers, activist Arvind Kejriwal on Wednesday attacked the government for its discriminatory policies and said farmers' protests would be held across the country to rally them against unfair practices.\"When farmers demand a price hike, police fires at them. When Reliance demands a price hike, government even sacks its minister to please Reliance,'' he tweeted. The activist-turned-politician plans to visit area MP and 'Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatna' leader Raju Shetty who is in Pune's Yerwada jail and the families of those farmers who died in police firing earlier this week.\"How many sugar mills in Maharashtra are owned by NCP, BJP and Congress people? Which ministers own sugar mills? That data will explain why government is not giving better sugarcane prices and favouring sugar mill owners,'' he said.Shetty was spearheading the agitation of farmers against refusal of cooperative sugar factories in Sangli, Satara and Kolhapur districts of western Maharashtra to give Rs 3,000 per tonne as first advance on sugarcane purchase this season. Factories have agreed to pay Rs 2,300 per tonne.His detention on Tuesday sparked largescale violence with protesting farmers torching two state transport buses and a police jeep in Pune district and violent protests in other parts of western Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17220979", "title": "BJD opposed to FDI in retail", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Clearing the air on its stand on FDI in multi-brand retail, the BJD on Wednesday said it was opposed to the UPA government's decision and would vote against it in Parliament. BJD's chief whip in Lok Sabha Bhartuhari Mahtab said the party is opposed to FDI in multi-brand retail in its present shape. \"We have served notices both for division of votes and discussion in Parliament,\" he added.The Cuttack MP said the BJD would vote against the FDI in multi-brand retail even if would led to the fall of the Congress-led UPA government. The Naveen Patnaik-led BJD has 14 members in Lok Sabha and seven in Rajya Sabha.The BJD's clarification followed allegation by the party's dissident leader and Odisha Jan Morcha chief Pyarimohan Mohapatra that Naveen had entered into a quid pro quo arrangement with the Congress. Pyari had alleged that BJD would abstain from voting in Parliament on the FDI issue while the Congress would save Naveen the ignominy of facing a CBI inquiry into alleged irregularities in recommending allotment of coal blocks to private companies.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik had last year voiced his opposition to FDI in multi-brand retail, but when the Manmohan Singh-led government went ahead with it in mid-September he sounded non-committal. \"The matter (FDI in insurance and pension ) will come up in the Parliament. We will keep our opinion on it on the floor of the Parliament,\" Naveen had said, noting that FDI in retail sector was not applicable to Odisha as the state did not have any city having a population more than 10 lakh.BJD party executive todayBhubaneswar: Having drawn severe flak from dissident leader Pyarimohan Mohapatra for not following the party constitution, BJD president Naveen Patnaik has approved convening of a party executive committee meeting. The meeting would be held at the BJD headquarter here on Friday. Pyari had alleged that Naveen had lost the right to be BJD president as he had violated the party constitution and not convened executive and other committee meetings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17226260", "title": "Priyamani takes a break", "text": "National Award winning actress Priyamani has not signed any new Tamil move after her 'Charulatha' which released a few months ago, in which she has played conjoined twins. The reason is that she is on a break, spending time with family members and friends.\"It has been a long time since I took a break and hence, I am now currently having a whale of time with my dear ones,\" says the Priyamani.\"But at the same time, I am also listening to scripts. I will soon sign some projects. I would like to do more performance oriented roles\" she added. She has also boldly stated that she loves doing glamorous roles.Priyamani won a National Award for her terrific performance in Paruthiveeran starring apposite Karthi who made his debut with the film. She started her account in Kollywood with Bharathiraja's ' Kangalal Kaidhu Sei ', is equally popular in Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam and Kannada industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17220589", "title": "Children's Day: Child labourers still await justice", "text": "SHILLONG: Children's Day holds no significance for numerous children who are working as labourers in coal mines in Meghalaya. But what is worse is the negligence of the authorities concerned towards these children who are left to toil and fend for themselves in hazardous conditions.The routine official press releases issued by the Border Security Force (BSF) in regard to apprehension of 'Bangladeshi nationals' do not reflect the inhuman conditions under which children are forced to work in Meghalaya's coal mines.While ministers and government officials speaking highly on 'child welfare' in the country, nothing is being done for such children.\"There are several child labourers, who are slogging in coal pits in the Jaintia Hills district of Meghalaya. The government does not even bother to keep count of them,\" said an NGO activist.\"These children are mostly from outside the state and also from the neighbouring countries. There are a growing number of mafia groups who engage the children in mines and then take away whatever meagre they have earned,\" the NGO activist added, requesting anonymity.Taking cognizance of various news and complaints received on the alarming problem of child labour in coalmines of Meghalaya in general and Jaintia Hills in particular, the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights, which had deputed a team to visit Meghalaya last year had expressed concern over the situation of child labour in the coal mines of Meghalaya particularly in Jaintia Hills.\"Almost all the child labourers engaged in the coalmines and coal depots are migrants or trafficked from the neighbouring states including Nepal and Bangladesh ,\" an official said.The Commission, which visited Meghalaya, was discontented over the presence of large number of child labourers in the coal mine areas. The Commission reiterated its resolution to achieve \"total abolition of child labour in all forms\", not only in coalmines but also in other sectors like hotels, restaurants and market places.They also expressed 'shock' on learning the pathetic situation of disabled and HIV/AIDS-infected children in Meghalaya.\"Also the Commission received many other complaints from Meghalaya on various issues related to child rights violations,\" an official said.Expressing discontent over the dismal situation of children, the Commission has urged the Meghalaya Government to evolve \"appropriate remedial measures for promoting research and advocacy on child rights and matters relating to children in need of special care and protection\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17221440", "title": "Students get up close with naval aircraft", "text": "PANAJI: As part of the Navy Week celebrations by the Goa naval area, around 150 students from 15 schools across the state were provided an opportunity to get up-close with various aircraft that the Indian Navy operates from INS Hansa at Dabolim on Wednesday.The visit was scheduled on the occasion of Children's Day on November 14. They were taken around a static display of aircraft which included MR aircraft IL-38 and Dornier, anti-submarine warfare (ASW) helicopter Kamov-31, search and rescue helicopter Chetak, fighter training aircraft Kiran, aircraft carrier-borne vertical take-off and landing fighter aircraft Sea Harrier and the advanced carrier borne fighter aircraft MiG 29 K.The visit provided the students with an opportunity to have a closer look at many different types of aircraft at one place. The children were awe stuck to see the fabulous machines that the Navy operates from Goa and showed keen interest in the manner in which they are operated. Their queries were answered to their satisfaction by qualified naval personnel present.The students were also taken on a visit to the air traffic control tower to get first-hand experience of the manner in which air traffic is controlled from the ground. The students got a glimpse of the complexities involved in controlling the ever-increasing air traffic. They also had an unobstructed view of aircraft landing and take-off from the runway.They were later escorted to the Naval Aviation Museum where the history of the evolution of naval aviation is preserved. The students had a look at vintage aircraft like Sea Hawk and Alize that have rendered invaluable service to the nation in the past. They also showed keen interest in the models of aircraft carrier Vikrant and Viraat that are on display.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "17222462", "title": "NGOs demand Conservation Reserves in Tadoba's southern corridor", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: At a time when forest department has initiated steps to strengthen protection in buffer zone of Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve, some non government organizations (NGOs) are demanding better protection in the southern corridor of the tiger reserve by declaring the Lohara-Junona-Karva and Kanhargaon-Jharan-Dhaba forest areas as 'Conservation Reserves'. Honorary wildlife warden and president of NGO Eco-Pro, Bandu Dhotre, strongly pleaded the case with principal secretary (forest), Pravin Pardeshi during his visit to Chandrapur. \"There is equally good population of tiger out of TATR in Chandrapur. However, protection in these areas is poor. Declaring Lohara-Junona-Karva and Kanhargaon-Jharan-Dhaba forest areas as Conservation Reserve would help in conserving southern tiger corridor of TATR, while in taking focused approach towards management and protection of high number of tigers and other wildlife present in these areas,\" he said.The area under Jharan, Kanhargaon and Dhaba ranges are known for high wildlife density. Tiger population in this area is so rich that this area use to be 'shooting block' prior to 1972 when authorized hunting was allowed. A tiger was poached in Jharan forest under FDCM in January this year. Similarly, a tiger cub was killed in by wild dogs in Dhaba range earlier on June 29. In 2010, forest officers had rescued three tiger cubs from Dhaba range after the mother tigress had gone missing. Cattle kills are rampant in Kanhargaon, Jharan and Dhaba forest ranges, which is indicative of high density of carnivores in area.Similarly, Lohara and Junona jungles are known for high tiger population. A tiger was found dead in teak research center in Lohara forest in February this year. Subsequent camera trapping had revealed presence of two more tigers in same area. Similarly, a tiger was killed in territorial fight in Junona forest in July last. One tiger death had been registered in December 2010, in Junona jungle in territorial fight. Three tiger cubs were rescued from Junona jungle earlier in January 2010, after the mother tigress had gone missing.\"Incidents reported in the past suggest that these forests have high density of tigers as well as other wildlife.\"However, maximum part of Lohara-Junona-Karva and Kanhargaon-Jharan-Dhaba forest areas is under FDCM, the commercial wing of forest department, where wildlife protection and management is given least priority. Proper wildlife management needs focused approach, which could be done by declaring conservation reserves in these blocks,\" demanded Dhotre.He claimed that declaring conservation reserve in these two blocks will not hamper the rights of the villagers, instead facilitate in garnering funds and implementing schemes related to conservation and protection of wildlife. Several other NGOs made similar demand in the meeting held with APCCF AK Saxena last week at Rambugh Rest House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bokakhat ( assam )", "code": "17228629", "title": "Rhino dies in Kaziranga National Park", "text": "BOKAKHAT ( ASSAM ): An aged rhino died today after getting stuck in the mud in the Kaziranga National Park, Park officials said.The male rhino was stuck in Borbeel near Haldibari beat under Kohora range of the Park since last night. The rhino could not pull itself out of the mud and died there at about 11.45am.Forest officials termed the death as \"natural\" and removed the horn which would be kept in the custody of the forest department.Altogether, 64 rhinos died this year in the Park with 22 due to natural causes and 23 in floods while 19 were killed by poachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17222360", "title": "Diabetic Association helps understand disease better", "text": "NAGPUR: Last week, the member states of World Health Organization designed the first-ever framework on prevention of non communicable diseases that have emerged as the biggest killers in recent years, including diabetes. The city chapter of Diabetic Association of India (DAI), meanwhile, completed a year of maintaining a database of diabetes patients not just from the city but also from the region.The database that is known as 'e-registry' is the first attempt at compiling a regional patient registry, though several cities have such databases. The registry will help the doctors spot the trends and so in better management of the disease among the patients from the region. So far, many doctors from the city have been contributing towards this compilation by sharing the medical records of their patients but the DAI officials wish for more doctors, even those from other cities of Vidarbha to contribute. Raising awareness, providing better avenues for research in the field, collaborating with other organizations as well as and sensitizing people about the needs of a diabetic person are also on the list of priority tasks for DAI Nagpur.\"Even if the name of the patient is not shared, the characteristics, nature and prevalence of the disease would help us study patterns in the city and region. More than 3,000 patients have already been registered with us,\" said Dr Shailesh Pitale, former president of DAI Nagpur, who was the brain behind the concept. He said collecting such information of patients had been a long-standing idea. The idea came after Dr V Mohan from Chennai presented a detailed profile of the diabetic population of his city, complete with grading according to their income group, ages, living standards and the like.\"Several questions like specific problems of the diabetics from the region, average age of onset, male-female ratio, associated conditions like hypertension or cholesterol, medicines that are more effective, pattern of treatment can be answered through the registry data. For such databases, we require as many contributors as possible. A bigger patient pool helps a more scientific study,\" said Dr Pitale.\"Uptil now, we have been able to derive that rural areas have 4% people suffering from diabetes while urban population has 14% incidence of the disease. Prevalence is higher among the high income group because of intake of high calorie food that gets converted to fat and than to glucose,\" said the present president of city DAI Dr Shankar Khobragade. Knowing the etiological cause of a disease would helps in its prevention too, he said. \"In fact, in cases of diseases like HIV and TB this is exactly what happened. We can save our next generation from diabetes with the registry data,\" he added.DAI secretary Dr Prajakta Deshmukh said the data will also help doctors manage diabetics better. \"Also, a diabetes patient can get himself registered with us, too. Such patients require monitoring the status of their vital organs regularly. General physicians, gynaecologists and paediatricians, who are generally the first contact points of the patients should consider contributing to the registry,\" he said. Doctors or patients wishing to contribute can contact DAI office bearers, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17225772", "title": "Oviya becomes a Kuthu song dancer", "text": "Oviya got noticed in Kalavani and also did a good work in the film Kalakalappu to a certain level. After this she completed acting in the film Sillunu Oru Sandhippu. After this she has not signed for any films.When asked her that in which films she is acting, she said, \"I am listening to Tamil and Telugu stories. I am also talking about terms and conditions but I have not signed on the dotted lines for any of the films.\"\"There is news that I have settled in Kerala because I don't have any films. Kerala is my native place. I have come to take rest since I am not acting in any films. I will be back once I have signed for a film. Moreover I am ready to dance for a Kuthu song which has leading actors in the lead roles\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17221093", "title": "Revenge on India's mind as England look to sizzle", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The time to prepare and play the mind games is over. It's now time to execute the plans and deliver on the field.India have the big advantage of playing at home but they still need to be at their best if they want to exact 'revenge' for the humiliation they suffered on their last trip to England.The first match of the four-Test series against England starts here at the Motera, on Thursday. The hosts have kept England guessing by not letting them play the best spinners, barring Amit Mishra , in the first two warm-up games.However, the tactic will bear fruit only if the Indian batsman step up and perform.The Motera track has been re-laid. The earlier track had a high clay content. The clay used - pond clay - comprised almost 70-80% of the pitch component.Curator Dhiraj Parsana and his team reduced the clay content to 55% by using farm land clay and mixing it with 35% sand. More clay content will result in a tighter binding of the surface.It is thought that decomposition of the track will happen faster which will result in more wear and tear and more amenable to spinners.India skipper MS Dhoni said: \"I am not a great reader of pitches, I will see how it behaves, it looks to be on the drier side. I feel they have changed the soil from the last time we played here, they have used a different clay composition in the preparation of the wicket. Let's see how it goes but definitely it will turn.\"With spin being looked as the decisive factor in this series, there will be huge pressure on the Indian trio of R Ashwin, Pragyan Ojha and Harbhajan Singh .There are already rumours of spinner-friendly tracks throughout the series, so all eyes will be on the spinners, specially Ashwin and Ojha who had picked 18 and 13 wickets respectively in the last two Test matches they have played.But giving England a spinner-friendly track with Graeme Swann in their ranks may also backfire.It's also going to be a challenge for middle-order batsmen like Cheteshwar Pujara, Virat Kohli and Yuvraj Singh who would like to settle down in the line-up after the retirements of Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman .The trio has shown the temperament to survive the gruelling demands of Test cricket. It's time for them to help India sing the redemption song.India won't walk into the first Test with the usual elan as the once-formidable opening combination of Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir has looked patchy.Both openers have just had one 50-plus score in the last five Tests that they have played. Having lost two important series 4-0 (against England and Australia), coach Duncan Fletcher is feeling the heat and needs to show some positive result to save his reputation.Fletcher looks a shadow of the mastermind who helped England become a potent force in Test cricket. He is, though, working in different and difficult circumstances.There is some pressure on skipper MS Dhoni too. Though the graph of his individual performance hasn't dipped much, his captaincy record has taken a beating. But can he camouflage his Test failures with his ODI and T20 success?England, on the other hand, have spent enough time, money and resources, preparing for the series. The 17-member English team has a 15-member support staff.They have been around for more than two weeks now where they have played three warm-up games. And the time spent on Indian conditions has given the visitors a fair idea of the challenge lying ahead, said England wicketkeeper Matt Prior .\"Some of the things that we are doing are very different to other England teams that have toured here and ultimately it comes to winning Test matches,\" Prior said.But it is easier said than done as some of their key players are battling niggles and indifferent form. Stuart Broad is showing signs of improvement after he suffered bruises on his left heel in Mumbai.Steven Finn has been ruled out and England are likely to get Tim Bresnan to partner Broad and James Anderson in the pace line-up.MEDICAL REPORTBoth teams have injury or health issuesINDIA: Ishant Sharma has been ruled out due to a viral infection while there is still a question mark over the fitness of Zaheer Khan who skipped the nets and practice session on match eve. He had pulled out due to cramps midway through a Ranji game about 10 days ago.ENGLAND: They will go in without Steven Finn who is suffering from a thigh strain. Stuart Broad, who had bruised heels, has recovered well and is most likely to play.Dhoni on Ishant and Zaheer's fitness: \"Ishant is suffering from viral fever and has not recovered fully. All the others are available for selection. Zaheer Khan and Umesh Yadav's absence from nets and practice sessions on Wednesday is part of our plan. We had longish sessions in Mumbai these last two days, so we thought it would be good to give the pacers some rest before the game. Ashok Dinda is arriving on Wednesday but he will be part of the squad if there is a breakdown.\"Alastair Cook on Finn's fitness: \"Steven Finn won't be available for this Test match. It has come a bit too early for him. He bowled five overs on the final day of the last warm-up game and was OK but not 100 per cent. He has progressed better than we thought but it would be too big a risk going into a game, especially in these tough conditions when a guy is not 100 per cent fit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17221827", "title": "Girl sold for Rs 60,000 found in Noida", "text": "NOIDA: A 15-year-old girl, who had gone missing for three months and was allegedly sold off for 'marriage' for Rs 60,000 has been found by cops. However, Noida police has kept the girl in the Mahila Police Station for five days despite the Juvenile Justice Act prohibiting detention of children in a police station overnight. The juvenile Act requires all such cases to be brought to the notice of the Child Welfare Comission (CWC) within 24 hours, but even this hasn't been done by police.The girl's mother said that she ran away from home after atrocities by her stepfather, a weaver in Sector 8 Noida. She then went to Ghaziabad railway station where she met a woman who took care of her for a few days. \"This woman convinced my daughter to get married and sold her to a man in Greater Noida for Rs 60,000,\" alleged the girl's mother. Police, however, claim that they have been unable to get any proof to substantiate allegations of the girl being sold.Cops said that both the woman who allegedly sold off the girl and the man who 'married' her live near Dadri railway crossing. The girl was recovered by the police on November 9 from the man's residence and arrested him. The girl was then brought to the Sector 20 police station where a missing case about her was registered, following which she was taken to the Mahila Police Station. Senior police officers have denied 'detaining' her in the police station.Police said they were unable to complete the required formalities according to the juvenile Act due to the spate of holidays around Diwali. \"We sent the girl for medical check up on November 9. She will be presented before the CWC on Thursday,\" said Rita Yadav, SHO, Sector 20 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17223199", "title": "Dalit sarpanch's house torched in Bhiwani district", "text": "ROHTAK: Houses of two Dalit families, including the village sarpanch, were set afire by an upper caste family after a clash at Budhera village in Bhiwani district on Diwali evening.The incident caused tension in the village and senior administrative and police officials later brought the situation under control. The police registered a case against nine upper caste persons on the complaint of sarpanch Hosiar Singh and his brother Rohtas Singh. The police arrested four of the accused on Wednesday even though the two sides had reportedly struck a compromise resulting in restoration of peace in the village.Bhiwani SP Simardeep Singh informed that the police registered a case under various sections of IPC and SC/ST Act and arrested four persons - Mahender, Rohit, Sukhbir and Sombir. Though the village sources said both sides had indulged in arson in which besides the house of dalits, house and a motorcycle of upper caste family were also torched by each other, the SP denied this stating that the victim sarpanch had lodged the complaint and the police had not received any complaint from another group.When contacted by TOI, the sarpanch alleged that a fight had broken out between Mahender (accused in the case) and some other persons three days back after which Mahender lodged a complaint to the police that some persons had snatched Rs 60,000 from him and also named his son (Hoshiar's son) as an accused though he was not involved in any such incident.\"I also tried to broker a compromise between Mahender and those against whom he had lodged a complaint. But on Diwali eve Mahender and his family created ruckus in the street and torched the house of my brother Rohtas and my house also,\" he said. He alleged that Mahender himself had set his own house and motorcycle afire in a bid to frame them in similar cases.The sarpanch, however, maintained that in a meeting on Wednesday, Mahender's family and relatives had promised to rein him in after which he had decided to strike a compromise in the case. Police sources also stated that though four persons had been arrested, both sides had reached a compromise and there was no tension in the village. Policemen have been deployed in the village as a precautionary measure, a police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "17223136", "title": "4 most-wanted criminals held; arms seized", "text": "SONIPAT: The Sonipat police claimed to have busted a gang of four most-wanted criminals, who were involved in several cases of murder, attempt to murder, loot and dacoity, with their arrest, besides recovering a haul of arms and Rs 28 lakh in cash from their possession on Tuesday night.Inspector general of police Alok Mittal said the police laid a trap on the basis of a tip off after which the gangsters opened fire. The police also retaliated and forced the criminals to surrender, he added.The arrested criminals have been identified as Devender alias Liloo of Kami village and his three accomplices -- Sandeep and Ashish of same village and Sunil of Mohana village. The police also seized four country-made firearms, a gun, 11 cartridges, a Swift car, a motorcycle and Rs 28 lakh in cash from their possession. The police had registered a case against them under various sections of the IPC and Arms Act and took them in police custody for further interrogation.Police said the gangsters had been involved in around 24 cases in various districts of Haryana, including four cases of murder in the Sonipat district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17227337", "title": "Shiva hitched!", "text": "Actor Shiva, widely known as 'Mirchi' Shiva, got married to his girlfriend, Priya today. Shiva, who shot to fame in the silver screen with Tamizh Padam . Top celebrities from the industry, including Ajith and the entire Venkat Prabhu's team were at the marriage.The actor recently said that superstar Rajinikanth got married when he was working in K Balachander's Thillu Mullu and now he (Shiva) is also getting married while working for the remake of Thillu Mullu.The actor presently has a bunch of projects in hand, including Sonna Puriyadhu, Thillu Mullu, Kiruthiga Udhayanidhi's untitled project, Kalakalappu 2 and Ya ya.Sonna Puriyaadhu has been wrapped up and is expected to release in December.We wish the couple a very happy married life!Image Courtesy:  Vaibhav Reddy's twitter page", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17225553", "title": "Dolphins back on track with bonus point win", "text": "MUMBAI: THE Sunfoil Dolphins finally overcame the weather as they completed a comprehensive 128-run victory over the Chevrolet Knights in Wednesday's Momentum One-Day Cup clash, at Chevrolet Park, in Bloemfontein.Half-centuries by Vaughn van Jaarsveld (91) and Cameron Delport (58) set the visitors on their way, before their most convincing bowling display of the campaign saw them bundle out the Chevrolet Knights for 183 in 39 overs, with the rain starting to fall.The Chevrolet Knights suffered an early setback when star batsman Reeza Hendricks slid awkwardly at third-man and had to go to hospital with ankle ligament damage.\"We were outplayed in all three departments today, and we will have to improve and turn it around in our next game,\" Knights stand-in skipper Ryan McLaren admitted.In contrast, Daryn Smit was beaming after his charges put together a complete performance to secure a bonus point. \"That's what we expect from the bowlers,\" he said.\"Maybe we have been a bit harsh considering that the guys haven't had the best preparation, but I'm really pleased with that performance,\" he enthused.Having won the toss and elected to bat, the Sunfoil Dolphins made a great start with the opening pair of Divan van Wyk and Cameron Delport adding 62 for the first wicket before the former was strangled down the leg-side by Dillon du Preez.All the while, Delport was clattering boundaries at the other end, as he carted Ryan McLaren for a towering six, on his way to a breezy 58 off just 65 balls, with five fours and a pair of pulled sixes.Cody Chetty (30) and David Miller (35) supported the on-song Van Jaarsveld, who reached his half-century from just 44 balls, as the Dolphins set about breaching 300 for the first time this season. Robbie Frylinck played a gem at the death, clubbing 31 off just 19 balls, but Van Jaarsveld fell on 91 off just 73 balls, as he unselfishly holed out to cover in the chase for late runs. But by then, the Sunfoil Dolphins were in sight of 300, and they duly ended their innings on a mighty 311 for eight.For the Chevrolet Knights, Du Preez was expensive - 65 runs in just eight overs - but claimed three crucial wickets, while McLaren registered figures of two for 55.Chasing 312 to win, the Chevrolet Knights lost Rillee Rossouw in the third over, as he creamed Lonwabo Tsotsobe straight at Van Jaarsveld at short cover. Ryna Bailey was then castled by the slippery Craig Alexander , as the home side slumped to 22 for two, midway through the eighth over.Having realised that the track was slow, the Dolphins employed their slow men to great effect, with Prenelan Subrayen impressing with his off-spin, and his reward was the solitary scalp of Nicky Boje , who struck a defiant 31.Michael Erlank (47) tried to fight fire with fire, taking on the Sunfoil Dolphins spinners, but when he chipped Khan to mid-on, the writing was on the wall. Khan, a part-timer at best, then accounted for Werner Coetsee (30) and the dangerous Johan van der Wath (0), to claim fine figures of three for 24.Alexander returned to perform the last rites, knocking over the timber of both Du Preez and keeper JP Triegaardt, to seal a massive win for the KZN franchise and end with figures of three for 31. Tsotsobe was again tight (one for 23), bowling an impressive first spell that suggested a return to his best form.For the Chevrolet Knights, the huge loss was made worse by the injury to Hendricks, and they won't look back on Wednesday's showing with any fondness.Teams:Chevrolet Knights: Michael Erlank, Reeza Hendricks, Rillee Rossouw, Ryan Bailey, Ryan McLaren (c), Obus Pienaar, Werner Coetsee, Nicky Boje, Johannes van der Wath, Dillon du Preez, Jean-Pierre Triegaardt (wk)Sunfoil Dolphins: Divan van Wyk, Cameron Delport, Daryn Smit (c/wk), Imraan Khan, Vaughn van Jaarsveld, David Miller, Lonwabo Tsotsobe, Craig Alexander, Robbie Frylinck, Prenelan Subrayen, Cody Chetty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17225848", "title": "Mahesh Babu\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s SVSC audio on Dec 13", "text": "The audio songs release of the much awaited multi-starrer film Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu, starring Mahesh Babu and Venkatesh, is scheduled on December 13, 2012. Officials are trying to block the said date for the audio launch to coincide with Venkatesh's birthday.Some time back, producer Dil Raju said that he's planning to release the film on December 21 but that looks highly unlikely given the revised schedules. Well, this means, the release date of Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu will be pushed to 2013 Sankranthi.Director Sreekanth Addala is currently filming the climax scenes of the film after he resumes shooting the remaining two songs. Mahesh Babu and Venkatesh are paired opposite Samantha and Anajali and Mickey J Meyer rendering the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17222389", "title": "All HC benches to have 'Bio Access Control System' soon", "text": "NAGPUR: The Bombay High Court registry has decided to install Bio Access Control System (BACS) on the premises of its benches in Nagpur, Aurangabad and Goa, sources said. It pertains to the biometric instruments which are generally used for recording attendance apart from other security purposes. BACS uses fingerprint technology and involves individual frisking at the entrance gates.The high court registry had directed its benches to follow suit through a letter dated August 7. However, Nagpur bench officials seem to be less serious in installing the system. Nagpur bench registrar Shekhar Mule refused to comment and attributed the delay in BACS installation to lack of funds.The registry, however, has decided to exclude those having an experience of over five years at the bar. These members will be issued printed identity cards on payment of Rs 90. They will have to provide their complete details in a prescribed format to the officials of registrar (OS) / prothonotary and senior master. The members have to present their cards while entering the premises of the HC court's benches, sources informed.Meanwhile, the registry's move to exclude senior lawyers from BACS' purview hasn't gone down well with the HCBA members. They have asked the registry to make it mandatory for the entire fraternity. \"What is the point in installing such high-grade machinery for security purpose if some people are excluded from it? It would be a welcome move if all are under its purview,\" HCBA president, Anil Mardikar said.Another HCBA member Neeraj Khandewale also voiced his dissatisfaction. \"Security checks through BACS should be made compulsory for all visitors and strictly followed by everyone,\" he said.Senior counsel Subodh Dharmadhikari justified BACS installation in the courts. He said that it has become necessary to take such measures in order to beef up the security so as to avoid terror strikes.Some lawyers have raised concerns about the safety of the district courts and demanded that this system should be installed in the lower courts on priority basis as these were the most vulnerable targets for terror groups.\"In the recent past, many incidents like murders and crude bomb attacks have taken place in Nagpur's district and sessions court premises,\" former Vidarbha Lady Lawyers' Association (VLLA) chairman Tejaswini informed.Even Khandewale endorsed her stand. \"Given the circumstances, it is the need of the hour to perk up the security at the courts and especially at the district court,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17221380", "title": "2012-13 declared year of youth &amp; skill development", "text": "RANCHI: The state government has decided to focus on youths and skill development. To ensure all-round development of the youths, the government has decided to impart training over the next one year and celebrate 2012-13 as the year of the youth and skill development.Formal announcement for this will be made on Thursday at Birsa Munda Football Stadium during the main function celebrating the 12th anniversary of formation of Jharkhand. Governor Syed Ahmed will be the chief guest at the function.Sources from the chief minister's secretariat said over the next one year the government will try to promote skill development of youths so that their employability increases. \"A large number of industries are coming in the state and there is a huge requirement of trained manpower. If the local youths are not skilled enough then the companies will hire people from outside and youths of the state will remain unemployed or get menial jobs. Chief minister Arjun Munda has decided to focus on skill development so that the companies get local talent,\" said a source.Deputy commissioner of Ranchi, Vinay Choubey, who has been entrusted with the responsibility to organize the function, said keeping in mind the decision of the state government all programmes have been based on the theme of skill development.\"The main function will be organized on Thursday. We will showcase the achievements of the state in the last 12 years,\" said Choubey.The state government has also planned a mega cultural programme for the evening in which artists from Mumbai, Odisha and Kolkata will entertain the people of Jharkhand. Those who have already confirmed their visit to the state include famous playback singer KK. He is one of the most versatile singers of the film world and rendered his voice for Hindi, Kannada and Tamil movies.\"We have also got confirmation from famous dancers such as Sanjeeda Seth and Aamir Ali from Mumbai and Prince Band Group from Odisha,\" said Choubey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17227656", "title": "UK artists pay tribute to late Yash Chopra with 'Saans'", "text": "British Asian artist Avina Shah collaborates with Kishan with a soulful rendition of the latest Bollywood hit Saans from Jab Tak Hai Jaan. The UK artists dedicate their cover in memory of the late Yash Chopra .Yash Chopra's untimely demise three weeks before the release of his last film makes Jab Tak Hai Jaan ( JTHJ ) even more special for his fans as it truly captures the legend and his passion for cinema. It is said that this last labour of love was his dream ever since his last outing as a director with Veer-Zaara . The film stars Shah Rukh Khan, Katrina Kaif , and Anushka Sharma , with music by the A.R. Rahman and produced by Aditya ChopraThis unique and soothing cover of Saans produced by the talented Rax Timyr beautifully captures the sweet and melodious voice of Avina Shah, who is best known for her previous hit singles Tere Bina and Dil Deewana . Avina, who has recently been working on various exciting projects to surprise her fans with in 2013, decided to do a special cover of Saans after hearing it on the radio recently.\"I fell in love with the song as soon as I heard it and have been really looking forward to watching Jab Tak Hai Jaan after seeing the amazing trailer. The passing of Yash Chopraji was deeply saddening as I am a huge fan of him as a person and of his work and have been lucky to have spent time with him in India and the UK.\" said Avina.Kishan's soulful vocals create the perfect blend in this engaging cover enriched with various live instruments. Having signed to Rax Timyr Productions and with his debut song releases just around the corner, Kishan is already generating a lot of interest both in the UK and across India and is tipped to be the next big Bollywood artist emerging from the UK. Backed with intense training in Hindustani Classical Music from a young age, he has attained the versatility to sing in many different styles and genres, be it sufi, devotional or Bollywood. Now as the latest member of international entertainment group Eastern Illusion, Kishan prepares to take the Asian music industry by storm in 2013 and continue to connect with a wide range of audiences with his charming character and of course exquisite voice.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17230690", "title": "Harendra climbs to top; Tiwana, Vinod close behind", "text": "MUMBAI: Harendra Gupta of Chandigarh fired a fine 70 to make his way to the top of the leaderboard in Round 3 of the PGTI Players Championship, at the Aamby Valley course, on Thursday. The two-under score helped swell Gupta's three-day total to eight-under 208, before Friday's final round.Arshdeep Tiwana of the Golden Greens Golf &amp; Country Club (Gurgaon) and Vinod Kumar of Delhi were joint second a stroke behind, at seven-under 209.Gupta (68-70-70), overnight tied second, began with a birdie on the first where he sank a 10-footer. He dropped a bogey on the fourth after finding the hazard. Gupta's well-placed second shot earned him another birdie on the fifth. He was two-on on the par-5 seventh green and picked up a stroke on that hole as well. He bogeyed the 10th but ended up with two-under for the day after knocking down a nine-feet birdie putt on the 16th.\"It's been a consistent week for me so far. I hit some accurate second shots today. However, the placement of my tee shots wasn't that good today. I struggled off the tee due to the wind. The putts rolled in for me. Putting is the key on this course and I will need to grab my chances on the greens in the final round in order to stay on top,\" said Gupta.Arshdeep Tiwana's (72-72-65) gallant seven-under 65 accounted for the day's best score and propelled him from overnight tied 22nd to tied second. Tiwana's round featured a magnificent eagle on the 14th as well as five birdies. He holed his third shot (9-iron) from a distance of 145 yards for eagle on the par-5 14th. Arshdeep holed a 25-footer for birdie on the third and sank birdie putts from 15 feet on the eighth and 15th. He landed his approach shots within three feet for birdies on the ninth and 16th.\"It was a perfect day of golf for me. I hit all fairways and made 16 greens in regulation. The putter was hot as I converted five putts from a range of 15 to 25 feet, including two to save par. This round has put me in contention and I will look to play it shot by shot and hole by hole on the final day without getting ahead of myself,\" Tiwana said.Vinod Kumar (70-69-70) fired a 70 on Thursday to join Tiwana in tied second place. Vinod's round featured four birdies and two bogeys. Australia's Anthony Choat was fourth at six-under-210. Delhi's Rashid Khan, the overnight leader, slipped to tied 12th position after shooting a horrendous 76.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17222478", "title": "Many sustain eye injuries during festival of lights", "text": "NAGPUR: Minor accidents marred Diwali celebrations where in many, mostly children, sustained injuries due to firecrackers through out the city. Fortunately, there was no loss of life and most of the injuries sustained will heal over a few weeks.Doctors said that most of these accidents could have been prevented. Many sustained eye injuries but the number of those who sustained burns from firecrackers was more. Injuries around the face, ear and of the limbs were the common casualties for the day. Most of the doctors had at least four patients with Diwali-related injuries coming to them in the past two days. They say that the number is sure to rise in the next couple of days as the celebrations will continue till schools reopen.Paediatric surgeon, Dr Dinesh Sarda had four patients. \"We get children with muscular injuries during Diwali. This year, too, one came in with severe burns caused when hot oil spilled on him. The kids who came in for treatment were aged between four and five. Every year, we treat superficial injuries mostly those on the hands and face,\" he said.\"What is most unfortunate is that all these injuries could have been prevented if the adults had supervised the kids while they were bursting crackers. In most of the case the parents were not around when the children got injured,\" he said.At Government Medical College and Hospital's eye department, four such injuries were treated on Wednesday. \"Out of the four patients, two had sustained minor injuries and were sent home after first aid while the other two were more severely wounded. One, a thirty-year-old man got injured when a stone, which had got displaced by a bursting cracker, struck his eyes. He sustained internal bleeding and has got a clot in his eyes. The other, a 26-year-old, sustained eye injury when gunpowder got stuck in his eye. The gun powder couldn't be removed even after washing the eye with medication several times,\" said head of the department, Dr Ashok Madan.Indira Gandhi Government Medical College's Dr Sudhir Pendke said that there six people who sustained injuries due to firecrackers were treated at his OPD. \"Out of these, two were major. A 11-year-old boy got injured when a sutli bomb burst before his face and as a result some particles entered his eyes. The other boy got injured when an anar went off close by,\" he said.Ophthalmologist, Dr Krishna Bhojwani treated three patients. \"An eight-year-old's cornea had got burned while two people aged 30 and 14 were treated for burned eyelashes, eyebrows and other minor injuries,\" he said.Paediatrician Dr Jayant Upadhye also treated four patients. \"A child came in with burns on one side of his face. Another sustained injury to his hand when a cracker burst in his hand. Another's clothes caught fire when a shell of a burned rocket fell on him. They were all aged between 8 and 14,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17222481", "title": "Senior academician writes to AICTE on Nagpur University flouting norms", "text": "NAGPUR: Already mired in controversies for its decision to defer the engineering examinations, the Nagpur University seems to be heading for another trouble. This time, senior academician Dhananjay Mandlekar has written a letter to AICTE chairman SS Mantha complaining of blatant flouting of rules by NU administration by postponing the exams and also asking the engineering colleges to complete the mandatory 90-day syllabus within just 30-day period with a view to allow illegally admitted students to appear in the exams.Mandlekar has attached TOI reports to the letter, demanding a high-level probe and subsequent action against senior NU officials, including VC Vilas Sapkal, for flouting rules to allegedly favour private engineering colleges mostly owned by politicians and education barons. PRO Prashant Mohite could not be contacted for his comments.Sources disclosed that Mandlekar, while citing ordinance number 6, had alleged that the VC's decision to allow students who can't complete the mandatory 75% attendance was in gross violation and which pave the way for making false ratification of the students admitted illegally by the colleges.Further citing ordinance number 2 of AICTE, Mandlekar stated that a minimum of 90 days' teaching in an academic calendar was required for any student to become eligible for appearing in the university exams. But NU was allowing hundreds of graduate (BE) and postgraduate (ME/MTech) engineering students to appear in exam without completing the said requirement even after it was deferred by two months.The senior academician claimed that NU had already breached section 82(5) of Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994, by permitting many engineering colleges to not only admit ME/MTech students before granting affiliation but also allowing such illegally admitted students to appear in the exam.As per this section, any new college getting affiliation from the university after July 15 should get permission to operate from the next academic year. But in NU's case, these colleges, mostly run by politicians and education barons, had already admitted students before getting affiliation on October 30. They then allegedly pressured VC to postpone exams even as the decision was categorically opposed by pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie, controller of examinations (CoE) Vilas Ramteke and registrar Ashok Gomase.NU also flouted section 83(6) the Act which stated that no student shall be admitted by the college or institution unless the first time affiliation has been granted by the university to it.Mandlekar blamed Sapkal for his failure to handle the situation despite hailing from the engineering fraternity. Citing vision document by the VC in his biodata to the chancellor where he mentioned that his aim will be to make professional education quality centric, Mandlekar slammed him for deferring the exam under political pressure which had affected over 60,000 students and disrupted their academic calendar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17223681", "title": "Nursery admissions: It\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s serious business for parents", "text": "LUDHIANA: It has been a busy week for Ajay and Sonika Arora, residents of Sunder Nagar. After their child's nursery admission forms, preparation for \"interaction sessions\" is consuming most of their time. As for it, the couple is visiting their kid's play school to take coaching and attend mock sessions. Shobhan Soni, director of Mother's Pride, said, \"We have conducted more than four mock sessions for parents and given them pamphlets to prepare them for the session. Our more than 100 students will apply for nursery admission.\"R S Patial, principal of DAV Public School, BRS Nagar, said, \"The interaction sessions are meant to verify documents and records of children.\" Parents, however, are sparing no efforts to gear up for it. Dr Anjali and Dr Brajesh Badhan of BRS Nagar said, \"We are regularly attending the mock sessions organized by play schools.\"Kavleen and Damanjit Sahni of Model Town Extension said, \"We will be sitting for the interaction sessions for the first time. We want our son to get admission in either Sacred Heart Convent or DPS. Our son Shahanveer too is preparing for the interviews.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17223177", "title": "Migratory birds flock to Pong dam for winter", "text": "SHIMLA: In winters, Maharana Pratap Sagar popularly known as Pong dam lake in Kangra district of Himachal Pradesh becomes the bird watcher's delight as migratory birds flock to the dam site.With the arrival of these winged guests, poachers also become active in the area. As thousands of migratory birds from Siberia and Central Asian countries have descended on Pong dam, state forest department has constituted 32 village forest development committees to keep an eye on activities of poachers.Pong Dam Lake was created in 1975 by building the highest earth-filled dam in India on the Beas river in the wetland zone of Shivalik hills in Kangra district. The lake is a well-known wildlife sanctuary and one of the 25 international wetland sites declared in India by the Ramsar Convention covering an area of 24,529 hectares (60,610 acres), and the wetlands portion is 15,662 hectares (38,700 acres).According to wildlife officials, illegal poaching during winter season remains a matter of concern and to ensure safety of migratory birds, a decision to involve villagers has been taken. Officials said that village forest development committees would work under supervision of deputy range officers and would monitor activities of poachers in the Pong dam area.So far, over 12,000 winged guests have already registered their arrival in the wetland. Migratory birds starts flocking area in the last week of October with extreme cold condition prevailing in Siberia and Central Asian countries. Apart from Pong dam, huge number of migratory birds arrive at Gharan wetland along India-Pakistan border in Jammu &amp; Kashmir, besides in the wetlands of Punjab.Last winter, more than 1.20 lakh migratory birds arrived in Pong dam. Officials claimed that 415 species of migratory birds had landed at different areas of the Pong Dam over the past decade. Last year for the first time, \"salcaded duck\" arrived in this wetland.Pong dam lake was declared a bird sanctuary in 1983. A 5km belt from the periphery of the lake has been declared as buffer zone for management of the bird sanctuary. Primary species reported are the barheaded geese (goose), anser indicus, northern lapwing (vanellus vanellus), ruddy shelduck (tadorna ferruginea), northern pintail (anas acuta), common teal (anas crecca), spot-billed duck (anas poecilorhyncha), eurasian coot fulica atra, red-necked grebe (podiceps griseigena), black-headed gulls, plovers, black stork, terns, water fowl and egrets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17228518", "title": "I don't mind being called comedian: Karunaas", "text": "Karunaas says that as long as he gets to act and entertain the audiences, he doesn't mind being tagged as a comedian. The 42-year-old actor, who'll be playing the lead in the upcoming Tamil comedy 'Machan', has featured in Tamil films such as 'Dindigul Sarathy' and 'Ambasamaduram Ambani'.\"I'm glad that I'm able to entertain audience with my roles either as a comedian or lead actor. As long as I get to act, which I should be always happy about, I don't mind being called a comedian,\" Karunaas told us.Shakthi Chidambaram has directed ' Machan ', which also stars Vivek, Ramesh Aravind and Sheryl Pinto in the lead roles. K. Kumarakuruparan and V. Mani have produced the film, while Srikanth Deva has composed music for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17220875", "title": "It\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s tough for good looking women in this world: Sunanda Pushkar Tharoor", "text": "In an exclusive chat with us, Sunanda Pushkar Tharoor speaks about dealing with controversies, the love of her life and lots more...As recently-inducted Union HRD Minister (MOS) Shashi Tharoor walked towards the podium to take oath at the swearing-in ceremony at Rashtrapati Bhavan, a joyous Sunanda Pushkar Tharoor was seen struggling to capture the moment on her mobile phone camera. Unusual it might have seemed for a minister's wife, but Sunanda's carefree elation was evident as she was witnessing the proud moment of the man who had to step down as Minister of State for External Affairs in 2010, owing to the IPL controversy that embroiled her. But this cheerful mood of hers got a beating soon as the very next day, she was mobbed by an unruly crowd at the Trivandrum airport. And then immediately after that came Narendra Modi's infamous remarks where he insinuated Sunanda as Shashi Tharoor's \"50 crore ka girlfriend.\" But Tharoor was quick to riposte Modi's barbs at Sunanda, saying, 'My wife is priceless for me.' And that's how this love story of Shashi and Sunanda has been since the beginning - unheeded to remarks and smirks of people. In an exclusive chat with Nagpur Times, Sunanda Pushkar Tharoor calmly rubbishes Modi's remarks as just election rhetoric and goes on to talk about love of her life Shashi Tharoor.Excerpts:How do you respond to Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi's jibe at your husband, where he said, 'Shashi Tharoor should be made Minister of Love Affairs?'I feel it's trivialising an individual.Modi's comments, getting mobbed at Trivandrum... do you think you are paying a hefty price for being a politician's wife?No, I don't think so. There are certain types of men who love to take advantage of a 'crowd situation' to grope women; it doesn't matter to them whether you are a politician's wife or somebody else. It's sad but true. I feel sorry that a few men have not learnt to respect women.How did it feel when Shashi came in your support, saying 'my wife is priceless'?I think every wife is priceless for the husband. Of course, reiteration of love by one's husband makes any woman feel good. I think in a relationship every husband and wife should love and protect each other. In this case, it's not like I've done something wrong and he's protecting me. It's protection of a man to a woman. And why should anyone put a price tag on anybody?You were recently spotted sharing furtive and loving glances with your husband at the Kareena-Saif wedding. What makes your relationship still appear like a teenage romance?The fact that we genuinely love each other and there's no agenda involved. We married each other for only love and nothing else, and love always shines through. I didn't want to come back to India after my mom died as I was deeply saddened because of the IPL controversy. It was just love for Shashi that brought me back.So, have you shifted to India for good?Not exactly. Though I'm travelling with my husband all the time, I still have my business there. And my son Shiv is studying in Dubai.We watched you filming Shashi Tharoor with a childlike glee on your face when he was taking oath as minister... very unusual for a Minister's wife.I was just happy and wanted to click him swearing in and put it on my status update on my mobile.He's back as minister now, but did you get any guilt pangs because your name was involved in the controversy because of which Shashi had to resign as minister in 2010?There were no guilt pangs at all as I was never wrong. I was rather horrified with the way the whole thing panned out. I was never keen on getting into this IPL business; I was just trying to help the company, which bid for the Kochi team, with sponsorships. They floated the company and they wanted me to have shares of the same, but I told them I would rather have normal consulting fee. A lot of lies were flying in the air; it was ridiculous. I was no beautician, but it seemed to be free for all. In fact, Shashi was saddened about me getting engulfed in the politically-motivated controversies.But, there's a still an ambiguity about the business you do...I've a real estate consulting company in Dubai , which is doing well. And I'm glad that I've made decent amount of money to support myself financially. I believe women should never need a guy for financial security. I've been financially independent since I was in standard XI. I do believe in making money and sharing it with others. I can't hoard. I don't splurge. I do a lot of charity and spend on my near and dear ones. I've taken care of my brother's education, and I've been taking care of my family since 1989, when we had to leave Kashmir. I'm taking care of my son as well. I am proud to be a self made woman!You told us last year that you were writing a book on Chanakya... How is it going?Sadly, no progress on that account as I hardly have any time. I've been travelling extensively with my husband. Maybe, I'll start working on the book next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17223211", "title": "Trucker buries man after accident, escapes", "text": "ROHTAK: A young farmer who was on his way home was killed when a truck overturned on him. What has shocked one and all is that the driver, instead of rushing the farmer to the hospital, buried his dead body alongside a canal near the accident site just to destroy the evidence.This happened when the victim was on his way home after watering his fields in Belarkha village of Jind district on Tuesday. Sources said the truck driver arranged a JCB crane at night to lift the truck and then buried the body in an area covered with grass along the canal.Angry villagers blocked Delhi-Patiala highway for five hours on Wednesday demanding arrest of the accused and the crane owner. The victim was identified as Dharambir, 25, son of Zile Singh. The villagers found the boy's broken bicycle, slippers and a cellphone at the accident site in the morning. They later discovered the body lying covered under bushes and branches of a tree.The villagers alleged police inaction since the truck driver escaped and that cops did not take notice of the fatal accident. DSP Rameshwar Singh tried to disperse the villagers while assuring that the accused trucker would be arrested soon.SHO of Jind sadar police station Suresh Pal said they have launched a manhunt to trace the driver and the JCB crane provider.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17221360", "title": "Munda wants govt to focus on development'", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: In an appeal to the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM), to conduct itself in a responsible manner vis-a-vis issues of governance, chief minister Arjun Munda has said that all political parties should focus on the subject of development rather than spending time and energy on less important issues.Refraining from responding directly to the queries pertaining to 28-month power sharing with JMM, Munda said, \"Inclusive and sustainable growth of the state should be the issue before the political parties (of the ruling alliance in particular), irrespective of who is ruling the state.\"Munda, however, said, he would speak on the controversial power swapping subject at an appropriate time and appropriate forum. \"Crucial issues deserve to be addressed in an appropriate manner and at the right forum ,\" said he. Talking to reporters here on Tuesday, during his two-day stay, Munda said Jharkhand was on the path of progress and all efforts should be aimed at building capacity to enhance speedy growth of the state.Munda, alluding to the JMM, said parties in the government should be more disciplined and focussed on pushing forward the agenda of development instead of engaging in less important things.He was a perfect host to scores of invitees from different towns of Jharkhand, who had gathered to partake of the delicious Puja bhog khichdi at his residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17225409", "title": "Meghana Raj is all praise for K Madhu", "text": "Banking Hours 10 to 4 might not have been a blockbuster box office hit, but its heroine Meghana Raj is all praise for director K Madhu, and she is even looking forward to work with him yet again.\" Banking Hours may not have been a mega hit, but the movie did make a mark in M-Town. Madhu sir has a definite audience for his films, including the CBI series. Similarly, many have been impressed with Banking Hours too. The film did earn satisfactory reviews,\" she affirms, adding, \"I'd be delighted to work with him yet another time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "17228008", "title": "Facebook launches 'LinkedIn-type' app", "text": "SYDNEY: Facebook has launched a new application that connects candidates with job vacancies and recruiters on the world's largest social networking site.The new service claims more than 1.7 million jobs from partners including Monster Worldwide and BranchOut, the company said on its website.\"Facebook is all about connecting people and we're thrilled to see developers leveraging our platform to connect job seekers and prospective employers,\" Marne Levine, Facebook's vice president for global public policy, said in a statement.\"By allowing job seekers to view and share job openings based on personalised criteria, like location and industry, the Social Jobs Application builds on our broader effort to help people use social media to find jobs in the US,\" Levine added.The online app follows Facebook's introduction of the Social Jobs Partnership last year with the US Department of Labor and other agencies, the Sydney Morning Herald reports.According to the paper, the new app by Facebook is a direct challenge to LinkedIn, the popular business social network.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "aamby valley city", "code": "17229892", "title": "Harendra Gupta on top, Arshdeep Tiwana's 65 propels him to tied second", "text": "AAMBY VALLEY CITY: Harendra Gupta of Chandigarh fired a two-under 70 to make his way to the top of the leaderboard after the third round of the PGTI Players Championship on Thursday.Gupta's total moved to eight-under 208 after round three at the Aamby Valley City.Arshdeep Tiwana of the Golden Greens Golf &amp; Country Club , Gurgaon and Vinod Kumar of Delhi are in joint second at seven-under 209.Harendra (68-70-70), who was overnight tied second, began with a birdie on the first where he sank a 10-footer. He dropped a bogey on the fourth after finding the hazard. Gupta's well-placed second shot earned him another birdie on the fifth. He was two-on on the par-5 seventh green and picked up a stroke on that hole as well.Harendra bogeyed the 10th but ended up with two-under for the day after knocking down a nine feet birdie putt on the 16th.\"It's been a very consistent week for me so far. I hit some accurate second shots today. However, the placement of my tee shots wasn't that good in round three. I struggled off the tee due to the wind. The putts rolled in for me. Putting is the key on this course and I will need to grab my chances on the greens in the final round in order to stay on top,\" said Gupta.Arshdeep's (72-72-65) gallant seven-under 65 accounted for the day's best score and propelled him from overnight tied 22nd to tied second place. His round featured a magnificent eagle on the 14th as well as five birdies. He holed his third shot (9-iron) from a distance of 145 yards for eagle on the par-5 14th hole.Arshdeep holed a 25-footer for birdie on the third and sank birdie putts from 15 feet on the eighth and 15th. He landed his approach shots within three feet for birdies on the ninth and 16th.Tiwana said, \"It was a perfect day of golf for me. I hit all fairways and made 16 greens in regulation. The putter was hot as I converted five putts from a range of 15 to 25 feet, including two to save par. This round has put me in contention and I will look to play it shot by shot and hole by hole on the final day without getting ahead of myself.\"Vinod (70-69-70) fired a 70 on Thursday to join Tiwana in tied second place. His round featured four birdies and two bogeys.Australia's Anthony Choat is placed fourth at six-under-210.Delhi's Rashid Khan, the overnight leader, slipped to tied 12th position in round three after shooting a 76.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17222445", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcNaidu, YSR regimes spared actor couple\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s land\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tollywood's popular couple Krishna and Vijayanirmala used their connections with the high and mighty to ensure that their 11-acre land in the prime locality of Nanakramguda in Rangareddy district was not acquired by the authorities for construction of the Emaar project. The couple met the then chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu in October 2003 with a request to remove their land from the purview of the land acquisition notification issued for taking up the Emaar project. According to the statement given to the CBI by IAS officer S V Prasad, the then secretary to CM, he was instructed by Chandrababu to write letters to the MD of APIIC and the district collector of Rangareddy district to find out the status of the land in question and submit a report on the same. In the meanwhile, the authorities were asked not to acquire this particular piece of land, Prasad said.Prasad, in his statement to the CBI, said that though the CMO had asked for such status reports, the APIIC and collectorates sent them only to the wings concerned. Prasad clarified that the commerce and industries department, the nodal agency for acquisition of land for the Emaar project, used to receive the reports and forwards them to the CMO.\"As far as I remember, the office of the CM did not receive any report from the industries department for a long time and the issue remained pending. The CM's office did not give any clearance for sparing the land of the actor couple from acquisition as the industries department had not circulated the file. I cannot say if the CM had given any indication of leaving the land from acquisition at some meetings with the revenue officials\", S V Prasad said in his statement.When YS Rajasekhara Reddy came to power in May 2004, the opposition parties raked up the issue of favouritism shown to Vijayanirmala and the letters written by Prasad to APIIC and Rangareddy district collector were placed before YSR. After perusing these letters, YSR told Prasad that the letters were indeed drafted in a very careful manner, Prasad's statement says. Nowhere in these letters was it conveyed that the land belonging to Vijayanirmala was exempted from acquisition. It was only kept on hold till a final report was submitted, YSR reportedly told Prasad.However, according to the Emaar chargesheet filed by the CBI, YSR regime too did not act on the issue and allowed the land acquisition notification in respect of this land to elapse. Finally, the land was officially retained by Vijayanirmala as the acquisition notification expired. Interestingly, SV Prasad in his statement told the CBI about a similar modus of the Naidu regime wherein he sought a similar status report in respect of the land belonging to M/s Leisures Pvt Ltd and one Lakshmamma, wife of Aganaiah, which too were sought to be acquired for the Emaar project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17221169", "title": "Art takes flight on little wings", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The dull and washed-out boundary wall of a government building at Satya Nagar had never attracted a look from any passerby. But Wednesday was different. A number of children came with their brushes and cans of paint and transformed the wall into a piece of art.\"Art is a form of expression that increases our ability to communicate and grow. It has a vocabulary, structure emotion and meaning like language. This event is a medium through which we allowed children to tell their own stories through painting,\" said Sujeet Mohapatra, secretary of Bakul Foundation that had organized the event on the occasion of Children's Day.Around 60 students from 12 schools painted the 200-ft-wall giving flight to the theme, 'Books give us wings'. They drew pictures of pigeons, computers and books. \"Since wings mean freedom we have shown a human figure with a broken handcuff being carried away on the wings of literacy and illumination. We also added symbols like Swastika and Feng Shui along with computers which reflects that despite advanced education we are firmly rooted in our culture,\" said Risav Mohanty, group leader from DAV Public School, Pokhariput.Children were also very elated after the event. \"It was a great experience to paint on a huge wall. We were very conscious as what we paint on the wall is going to remain there forever and hundreds of people will see it everyday. So it must be beautiful and send across a message,\" said Snigdha Das of St Xavier's International School.Teachers too felt that the huge canvas would hone the skills of their students as well as popularize art. \"Art is restricted to drawing books and art galleries. The concept of public art is yet to reach the people and stimulate their artistic senses. This may be a small but noble beginning to popularize the concept of art,\" said Bijay Panda, an art teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17222743", "title": "On Diwali, US president seeks light ahead of cabinet pick", "text": "WASHINGTON: Diwali is a time of reflection for the year gone by and a time to pray for a good year ahead, President Obama explained in an elaborate video message on Tuesday to wish Indians of all faiths, with references to Rama, Mahavira, and Guru Hargobind. He also provided a brief exposition of the upanishadic mantra \"asatoma sadgamaya\" seeking guidance from darkness to light.The US president will have plenty to contemplate in the days ahead as an unexpected ethical scandal and a looming fiscal crisis threaten to derail the start of his second term. A General who evidently succumbed to \"base human impulses and emotions\" that the president cited Jain guru Mahavira as conquering, has made his cabinet reconstituting exercise harder than anticipated.While much of the focus of that exercise hitherto centered on finding a replacement for Hillary Clinton, attention has now turned to stewardship of CIA and the post of secretary of defence, where Leon Panetta has signalled his intention to head back to his native California.Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairman John Kerry is now being spoken as a successor to Panetta at the Pentagon. Consequently, Susan Rice, the US ambassador to UN, is now considered a top contender for state.Obama's national security advisor Tom Donilon, is also in the mix. But unlike Kerry, whose Senate peers are expected to approve him easily in the confirmation process, Rice is not a shoo-in on account of her statements on the Benghazi episode, wherein she suggested it was the result of a spontaneous uprising, not terrorism.\"I'm not promoting anybody that I think was involved with the Benghazi debacle. We need to get to the bottom of it. The president has a lot of leeway with me and others when it comes to making appointments, but I'm not going to promote somebody who I think has misled the country or is either incompetent. That's my view of Susan Rice,\" South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham told CBS Face the Nation. Obama could still push for Rice, but it is difficult to see him expending political capital on the process when he needs it to work on the fiscal deal.Although he sent out a 2-minute long Diwali greeting on video, Obama did not attend the White House festivity. Instead, he was meeting business leaders and CEOs for talks on US's economic crisis. Among those he met, Pepsico chief Indra Nooyi , who has often been spoken for a role in the administration, specifically in department of commerce, which has been headless since the departure in June of John Bryson following a road accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17223631", "title": "Teachers get set for eligibility test", "text": "LUDHIANA: Dugri resident Rajbrinder Kaur has been scanning NCERT books and those prescribed by Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) for classes VI to VIII in preparation to fulfill her career goal of teaching in a CBSE school. LUDHIANA: Dugri resident Rajbrinder Kaur has been scanning NCERT books and those prescribed by Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) for classes VI to VIII in preparation to fulfill her career goal of teaching in a CBSE school. She is geared up to face the Central Teachers' Eligibility Test on November 18, conducted by CBSE twice every year, which is mandatory for those aspiring to teach at a CBSE school. She is geared up to face the Central Teachers' Eligibility Test on November 18, conducted by CBSE twice every year, which is mandatory for those aspiring to teach at a CBSE school.\"I have applied in the category of classes VI to VIII for the academic session 2013-2014,\" says Rajbrinder.In an attempt to make the application process hassle-free, CBSE has made the admit cards available on its website. It can be downloaded from the CBSE website after a candidate applies for the exam. Sarabha Nagar resident Shruti Parihar is another aspiring CBSE teacher who says, \"A qualifying exam is an appreciable decision by the Board as it will set a benchmark for CBSE teachers and ensure their abilities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17227913", "title": "Vindoo Dara Singh returns to TV", "text": "Cinevistaas' newest offering Laila Majnu Aur Woh on Life OK has been hogging the limelight for its impressive star cast, namely popular stars like Arjun Bijlani, Vivan Bhathena, Maninee Dey Mishra and veteran Bollywood actor Ranjeet.Now, the latest news doing the rounds is that Vindoo Dara Singh who shot to fame after winning the title of Bigg Boss season 3 has been roped in to play an important role. Sources inform that the show is a romantic-comedy and revolves around Laila, Manju and their friend. This trio helps to resolve problems related to love that arise between couples. The shooting for the show is expected to commence soon and Vindoo who is currently seen in Ajay Devgn starrer 'Son Of Sardaar' will do what he is best at comedy. Vindoo will play the role of a Haryanvi cop who will give the audience a heavy dose of laughter through his character. We tried contacting, Vindoo but he remained unavailable for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17221946", "title": "Karnataka's Muslim cop count just over 6%", "text": "BANGALORE: Though the population of Muslims in Karnataka is 12.23%, their representation in the state police force is a meagre 6.62%.It's not just about Muslims, the Karnataka state police force is left wanting when it comes to women and other minorities too. Women account for 4.77%, while there are no Parsis or Buddhists in the force. Sikhs are just three in number and Jains a mere 223. There are very few police officers from the minorities at top positions and of 44 superintendents of police (IPS), none belongs to the minorities.Karnataka's total Muslim cop population of 4,768 is less than the police personnel deployed at police stations in Gujarat, which is 5,021. Though a smaller state with less percentage of Muslim population, Gujarat has more Muslim cops than Karnataka. As per the 2001 census, the proportion of Muslims in Gujarat's population is 9.1%, while it is 12.23% in Karnataka.The trend clearly reflects that the state has to do much more to fulfill the Sachar Committee report's recommendation, which suggests more Muslim cops to build confidence among the community.WHY LESS?A former director general of police feels the skew could be due to a combination of factors. \"About 12 years ago, before the reservation came in to effect,the representation was much lower. The situation improved only after reservation. The reluctance of minorities is also one of the reasons for their lower representation. However, a sociological study is needed to ascertain the exact reasons,'' he says.He feels the Sachar Committee recommendation to have representation of Muslim police personnel in Muslim-dominated areas is largely followed in the state. \"Minority personnel are posted in many, if not most, police stations where the population of minorities is sizeable,'' he says.GK Karanth, professor, Centre for Study of Social Change and Development, Institute for Social and Economic Change, says the affinity some castes and communities in the state have for police and military could be a reason. \"Historically, the Marathas have shown preference for policing, while Kodavas have exhibited their love for military. Earlier, Muslims didn't have the aptitude for police force, but preferred revenue service,'' he says.Prof Karanth feels increasing representation for minorities is due to the sensitive confidence building and broad-basing process followed by political parties and the community's switchover to the formal stream of education.In the past, it was possible for political parties to give statements and get away without doing it. Now, mere lip-sympathy won't work. Demonstrative politics or performance demonstration becomes important. It is important for the political parties to survive. The health of the society depends on inclusive and participatory growth. The politics of inclusion necessitates and helps the minorities,'' he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17227270", "title": "Berdych and Tipsarevic confirm participation in Chennai Open", "text": "MUMBAI: Thanks to the continued support of Government of Tamil Nadu and the other longstanding Sponsors, the Aircel Chennai Open, India and South Asia's only ATP World Tour tennis event is back, promising to usher in another week of scintillating tennis action, featuring some of the finest players in the world.The tournament is scheduled to take place at Chennai's SDAT Tennis Stadium from December 31, 2012 to January 6, 2013.Stepping into the 18th edition of the event, the Aircel Chennai Open 2013 has confirmed participation from two players from the Top 10; World No. 6, Tomas Berdych and World No. 9 Janko Tipsarevic This will be 26-year-old Tomas Berdych's second visit to the tournament. He kicked off 2012 with a bang after winning the Hopman Cup for the Czech Republic with compatriot Petra Kvitova .The Czech continued his top form as he reached his career best at The US Open Championships 2012, where he stalled the progress of World No. 1 Roger Federer , defeating him 7-6(1), 6-4, 3-6, 6-3 to enter the quarterfinals. In September 2012, Berdych also led the Czech team to victory to set up a face-off against Spain in the Davis Cup Final later this year.Tipsarevic, who will open his new season at the Aircel Chennai Open for the fifth successive year, led his country to a Davis Cup first round win over Sweden early this year. During the spring European clay swing, he compiled a 15-5 record, highlighted by a Semi final run at ATP World Tour Masters 1000 Madrid .He beat World No. 1 Novak Djokovic 7-6(2), 6-3 in the quarterfinals, before losing to Federer 6-2, 6-3 in a semifinal encounter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "asra quratul-ain nomani was born in mumbai but raised in the usa. she chose a clear path in life when she started to write at the age of 11. a prominent journalist and former wall street journal correspondent, she is currently a well-known female activist fighting for injustice against women. she wrote various books on her path seeking spirituality, equality and the better understanding of others. she is proud of her indian roots and visits india to work on different projects. in this interview, given both offline and online, she talks about her passion for writing, fighting for injustice and choosing different paths in life. excerpts from the interview", "code": "17226285", "title": "A good journalist must dare to challenge conventional wisdom: Asra Q Nomani", "text": "Asra Quratul-ain Nomani was born in Mumbai but raised in the USA. She chose a clear path in life when she started to write at the age of 11. A prominent journalist and former Wall Street Journal correspondent, she is currently a well-known female activist fighting for injustice against women. She wrote various books on her path seeking spirituality, equality and the better understanding of others. She is proud of her Indian roots and visits India to work on different projects. In this interview, given both offline and online, she talks about her passion for writing, fighting for injustice and choosing different paths in life. Excerpts from the interview:What brought you into the field of journalism?I arrived in the United States as a 4-year-old in 1969, joining my parents here. Needless to say, it was a bit of a shock to arrive in a new environment. Initially, I did not understand Christmas, baseball or bologna sandwiches. My best friend became Nancy Drew, a fictional girl detective whose adventures I loved to read. My favorite, of course, was a 1974 release,yThe Mystery of the Ivory Charm,yin which Nancy befriends and helps a boy from India, Rishi, who is treated badly by his guardian, `Rai.' - a circus manager. To me, Rishi was all of us- the underdog, the misunderstood, and the noble. I wanted to help bring light to the real Rishis in this world. y I learned from my parents the value of serving humanity. Like just about every good immigrant kid from India, I thought that mine would be a career in science or medicine. But I started writing when I was 11. I started reporting when I was 14, and I haven't stopped since. Being a journalist gives me visas to travel into places that I wouldn't otherwise be able to enter, and I hope always that I can do well by shedding light in areas others might not otherwise go.What is it like to be a good journalist? What are the boundaries, risk and ethical values involved in the field of journalism?To me, being a good journalist isn't just about good reporting, writing and editing. It's also about good thinking. It's about good reflection. It's about daring to reflect on what is important in this world and then using our skills of reporting and writing to bring to light the issues that matter in this world. Often times, the best journalism dares to challenge conventional wisdom, and so one of the most important boundaries we have to cross are intellectual. In that way, we have to be prepared to take intellectual risks. Sometimes, indeed, there are physical risks. But, to me, it is extremely important to be ethical, and we have to be really clear about doing well in the world, to stay on the correct side of any ethical dilemmas we face.As a journalist, some of the challenges you have faced were extremely dangerous. So what makes you so brave?I don't really think of myself as brave, but, rather, I try very hard to be conscious about overcoming my fears. Before I started my work as a writer-activist in religion, I was traveling through India, researching a book on tantra, the philosophy that predates Hinduism and Buddhism. I meditated deeply on how it is that we have to overcome our fears if we are to grow spiritually. That's when I came to know that we have to simply recognize our fears, reflect upon them and then, if we're able, transcend them.What can we learn from your experience, especially to overcome fear in achieving our desired objectives?Based on my experience I can say that we have to be honest with ourselves about our fears. There is no rush. Just go slowly, step-by-step, and before you know it, your fear isn't limiting you. You've triumphed over your fear.yAt the peak of your career you chose to become a women's rights activist? What was the motivation behind this?When I was in Karachi, Pakistan, after the 9/11 attacks, the direction of my life changed when my friend Daniel Pearl, a Wall Street Journalyreporter, was kidnapped and then killed. I learned that kidnappers dropped off the hostage photos of Daniel at a mosque that I couldn't enter because, like so many mosques in South Asia, women aren't allowed entry. I realized that the same interpretation of religion that was used to justify kidnapping and murdering Daniel is also used to subordinate women inside our religious communities. I realized that, in good conscience, I had to stand up against that interpretation, as a writer.Core roots of your past and current fight is 'gender discrimination'. Such prejudice might not be present in some countries and may be far deep in other ones. Do you think it differs from countryyto country?The world, alas, has made women second-class citizens in too many parts of our world. I think that there are differences in how this gets expressed from country to country but ultimately we are dealing with a global injustice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17223394", "title": "10pm cracker ban bombs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With no strict measures in place to ensure its implementation, residents cocked a snook at the UT administration's ban on burning of crackers after 10pm on Diwali. Chandigarh Pollution Control Society records show the noise pollution level from 10pm to midnight was almost equal to that of 8pm to 9pm in all areas. The \"fiery\" celebration also doubled the air pollution on Tuesday.The UT pollution control wing had set up equipment in three zones \u00e2\u20ac\u201d residential (Sector 22), commercial (Sector 17) and silence (Sector 29) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to measure air and noise pollution.According to the environment department guidelines, the standard value of noise pollution from 6am to 10pm is 55 decibel and from 10pm to 6am 45 decibel. On Tuesday from 8pm to midnight, the noise pollution was measured between 68.1 and 76.7 decibel in residential zone; between 60 and 67.8 decibel in commercial zone and between 68.2 and 76.4 decibel in silence zone.And air pollution was twice than a normal day. In residential, commercial and silence zones, it was measured at 280 respirable suspended particulate matter (RSPM), 207 RSPM and 349 RSPM, respectively. Whereas on normal days, it is 145 RSPM, 154 RSPM and 111 RSPM, respectively.Santosh Kumar, director, environment, says, \"It is necessary that the ban be imposed strictly.\"UT deputy commissioner Mohammad Shayin says, \"We could not form checking teams to keep a tab on violators due to the non-implementation of Section 144 of the CrPC.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17226429", "title": "Zee TV's Umeed Ka Diya", "text": "In a noble endeavor that encourages netizens to make a difference to someone's life this Diwali, India's leading Hindi GEC, Zee TV, has launched a unique app on its official Facebook page called 'Umeed ka Diya'. Every time a person lights a diya using this innovative Facebook app, Zee TV will donate money to Ekal Vidyalaya, a non- profit organization involved with spreading education in the rural areas of India.The channel urges its viewers to look beyond just lighting fire-crackers this festive season and light up a smile on a child's face instead.The channel has plans of announcing the total amount donated towards children's education to Ekal Vidyalaya at the end of the activity, such that everyone who used the app understands the magnitude of the movement they were a part of. With funding a child's education made that easy, Facebook users are urged to visit Zee TV's app at https://www.facebook.com/ZeeTvIndia/app_293616724081488. Light the 'Umeed ka diya' and share the link with your friends and family!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "17221136", "title": "Cow worship adds to Diwali festivities", "text": "KEONJHAR: The row of lights on Diwali has a different connotation for the Kumudi community of Keonjhar, Mayurbhanj and Sundargarh districts. Here, the festival is observed as 'Go Bandana' or 'Gothani Parva'The three-day ritual began on Monday with the worshiping of cows and cowsheds. Locals bring their cattle to the gothani, a common place in the village, and smear their head with vermillion.On the second day, they worship an egg, considering it to be the centre of the universe , at the middle of the gothani. Birds are sacrificed to appease the local deities and protect crop and cattle from different diseases on the occasion.The villagers then let their cattle through the spot and the cow which tramples the egg is considered lucky. The cow is garlanded and taken in a procession accompanied by the beating of drums. The villagers then converge at the owner's house who treats them to a delicious lunch.The concluding day again witnesses a colourful procession of cattle taken round the village. Special dishes and cakes are prepared in every home during these three days.Manoj Mohanta of Childa said it is a traditional festival of the community and linked to agricultural. \"On these three days, the cattle get complete rest and offered delicious food\".The festival, however, is fast losing its sheen with a decline in the number of cattle.\"The government should initiate steps to preserve this age-old tradition,\" said Krushna Chandra Naik, a retired lecture and researcher on traditional tribal dance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17221733", "title": "Meta university form deadline pushed back", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University and Jamia Milia Islamia University have decided to push back the last date for submission of forms for the first meta-university course they are jointly offering \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Master of Mathematics Education \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to November 20. The last date was originally November 14. The date for the entrance test, however, continues to be December 2.As per the notice from the DU Registrar, the change has been made in response to the \"genuine concern of the applicants\" that the large number of holidays in between is cutting down the time for submission.\"Some aspirants to the course expressed the concern that due to festive season there are many holidays and restricted holidays between 6th and 14th November, 2012. Thus, they are finding it difficult to come in person to deposit the form during this period. Further, it may happen that applications by main may not reach CIC (Cluster Innovation Centre) in time,\" says the note from the registrar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17221369", "title": "Lights, action, but less sound and smoke", "text": "RANCHI: Diwali was celebrated with joy in town, albeit with fewer crackers.People and the young revellers were conscious of various restrictions this time and contended with less number of firecrackers and preferred buying the eco-friendly ones which produced less smoke and mild sound.\"This year I enjoyed Diwali by lighting diyas and made rangolis but went without any crackers. Environment is one factor but it's also a waste of money as we do not get many crackers for Rs 300 to Rs 500. They have become costly. So it's better to help the needy rather than wasting money (on crackers). I along with my school friends have decided that we will donate Rs 20 each to an orphanage,\" said Mohini Chakrabarty.Many preferred the eco-friendly crackers this Diwali. \"I have a kid at home. This time, I bought the eco-friendly crackers and it was really a nice experience to see less smoke and mild sound. I think now people in the society have become conscious of the environment and on the other hand it's also good from health perspective. If the trend continues, we can see a complete no to crackers by all in the coming days and save our mother earth from pollution. There were some crackers which didn't cause irritation in the eyes,\" said Ravish Singh, a father of two-year-old son.Singh added this time sound pollution was less in his Ashok Nagar colony in comparison to the last few years. \"We always see the young boys bursting crackers in a group and enjoying the festival. But this year the scenario was different as they exchanged Diwali greetings, but in the name of crackers only fuljaris were burst.\"Women preferred buying jewellery and other home decor items rather than wasting money on crackers for their children. \"I thought to buy variety of sweet items as many of our relatives visited us. Apart from that, I thought it's better to invest in some jewellery this Diwali which will help in future,\" said Deepanjali Sinha, a mother of two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17223663", "title": "Light of divinity illuminates Ludhiana", "text": "Diwali is one of the occasions when the multicultural identity of India finds expression. On the day, Hindus celebrate the return of Lord Ram to Ayodhya and Bengalis perform puja for \"Shakti\" (Kali puja). And the Sikhs, celebrate it as \" Bandi Chhor Diwas\" or the celebration of freedom.On Tuesday, Ludhiana wore bright hues as Gurdwara Shaheed Baba Deep Singh, Model Town, Gurdwara Dukhniwaran Sahib, Fieldganj, Gurdwara Singh Sabha, Model Town, Gurdwara Damdama Sahib, Dugri, Gurdwara Sukhmani Sahib, Dugri-II, and Gurdwara Singh Sabha, Dugri-I, decked up to celebrate the day. A sea of devotees flowed into the shrines to pray, light candles and participate in \"langar\".The legend has it that Sikhs celebrate the event to mark the release of their sixth guru, Guru Hargobind Singh, from the fort of Gwalior in October 1619, who was imprisoned by the then Mughal emperor, Jehangir. He had taken Guruji captive as he was afraid of the growing clout of the Sikh movement and, for the same reason, martyred the fifth guru of Sikhs, Guru Arjan Dev.However, Jehangir paid heed to the good counsel of Saint Sai Mia Mir (who was a friend of guruji) and decided to release the guru. Some scholars, however, believe that Jehangir realized that guruji was going to do no harm to his empire, and so decided to release him.However, imprisoned in the same fort were 52 Hindu rajas of different kingdoms. So guruji said he would either walk free with all of them or not at all. On this, Jehangir put the condition that as many rajas would be released who could hold the cloak of guruji. However, Guru Hargobind Sahib refused to relent. Instead, he ordered for a cloak that had 52 coat tails. And so, all the rajas held the coat tails and walked out of prison with guruji. Hence, the day came to be known as \"Bandi Chhor Diwas\". After the release, guruji went to Harmandir Sahib in Amritsar where he was welcomed by lighting \"diyas\" (earthen pots), in a fashion similar to that in which Lord Ram was welcomed in Ayodhya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17221881", "title": "Turned away, visitors crowd zoo", "text": "NEW DELHI: Many turned up at Pragati Maidan on Wednesday, though the India International Trade Fair (IITF) is not opened to the public before November 19. The inauguration of the trade fair, however, benefited the nearby Delhi Zoo, as families stopped by to feast their eyes on wild animals instead.The zoo, which had just 3,600 visitors on Diwali, saw the crowds return on Wednesday with a turnout of 17,374. \"We had an unexpected footfall as visitors stopped by for an excursion when they learnt that the fair was not open to the general public,\" said zoo curator Riyaz A Khan. Another reason for the rush was the ongoing festive season. As both Children's Day and post-Diwali festival Govardhan Puja fell on Wednesday, families seized the opportunity to have an outing at the zoo.The last time Delhi Zoo witnessed a huge rush was in October, when the number of visitors touched 22,980. Though the footfall on Wednesday was not so high, zoo officials had a tough time managing the crowd. As the crowds swelled towards the afternoon, most of the staff was busy at the entrance and ticket counters.\"We opened two more ticket counters, along with the usual five, to deal with the rush,\" said Khan. \"Additional staff was deployed at the enclosures that attract more visitors,\" he added. After directing many visitors towards the designated gates, zoo authorities started making announcements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17221924", "title": "Earlier tragedies", "text": "The Irish Supreme Court affirmed on December 2, 1997 that a 13-year-old girl who said she became pregnant after being raped was free to travel to Britain for an abortion. The parents had said at first that they would challenge a lower court ruling that the girl could go to England for the operation, but at a Supreme Court hearing they said they had changed their minds.Earlier, there had been indications that the Catholic hierarchy and anti-abortion groups would finance an appeal. The church said it would not do so.The situation reopened the debate on abortion and recalled a similar case in 1992 involving a 14-year-old girl who was at first refused, then granted permission to travel to Britain for an abortion. That case attracted international attention to Ireland's highly restrictive law on abortion.Abortions are legal in Ireland only in limited circumstances, not including rape and incest, and few doctors are willing to perform them. About 5,000 Irish women go to Britain for abortions every year. nyt news service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17230346", "title": "Statistical highlights of the opening day of India-England first Test", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Statistical highlights of the opening day of the first Test between India and England at the Sardar Patel Stadium in Motera on Thursday.# Cheteshwar Pujara (98 not out) has registered his second fifty in Tests and his second highest innings in Tests, behind the 159 against New Zealand at Hyderabad in August 2012.# Thanks to his aforesaid unbeaten innings, Pujara is averaging 52.62 in Tests - 421 runs in nine innings.# Graeme Swann (4/85) has registered his best bowling figures in Tests in India - his second best overall, next only to his 6 for 106 at The Oval in 2012.# Swann has overtaken Jim Laker's tally of 193 (ave21.24) in 46 Tests. His tally of 196 (ave 29.41) in 47 Tests is the second highest by an English spinner, next only to Derek Underwood's 297.# Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir put on 134 - their first century partnership in 16 innings. They had put on 137 against South Africa at Centurion Park in December 2010 - their last century stand for the first wicket in Tests.# The above hundred stand is the eleventh for the first wicket between Gambhir and Sehwag. In terms of century partnerships for the first wicket, Gambhir-Sehwag pair is the fifth in Tests - Gordon Greenidge and Desmond Haynes had recorded 16, followed by Jack Hobbs and Herbert Sutcliffe (15), Justin Langer and Matthew Hayden (14) and Alastair Cook and Andrew Strauss (12).# The 134-run opening stand between Sehwag and Gambhir is the highest by any pair at Motera.# Gautam Gambhir, in the course of his 45 off 111 balls, has completed his 2,000 runs in Tests in India, aggregating 2008 (ave 41.83) in 29 Tests.# Swann has taken Gambhir's wicket six times in five Tests - the most times a bowler has dismissed him.# Virender Sehwag's excellent 117 off 117 balls is his highest score against England, bettering the 106 at Trent Bridge in 2002.# Sehwag's aforesaid innings is his 13th century in Tests in India - his first after 30 innings.# Sehwag had last recorded a hundred two years ago - 173 at Motera against New Zealand in 2010-11.# Sehwag has recorded his 23rd hundred in Tests - his second against England.# As an opener, Sehwag has posted 22 hundreds - the second highest for India, next only to Sunil Gavaskar's 33.# In India, only three batsmen have managed more Test centuries than Sehwag. Sachin Tendulkar holds a record with 22 hundreds, followed by Sunil Gavaskar (16) and Rahul Dravid (15).# Sehwag has recorded strike rate of 100 or more in a Test innings six times while posting hundreds.# Pujara and Sehwag have added 90 for the second wicket - India's second highest at Motera. Sehwag and Dravid had shared a stand of 237 against New Zealand in November 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17232285", "title": "Karnataka seeks share of Kudankulam power", "text": "MANGALORE: After Kerala, Karnataka has jumped on to the bandwagon to seek what the state says is its due share of power generated at Kudankulam. A reported statement by Union minister for parliamentary affairs V Narayanaswamy that the entire power generated at Kudankulam will be given to Tamil Nadu has riled Minister for Power Shobha Karandlaje, who termed it a direct interference in the federal structure of governance.Under the Gadgil formula, Karnataka and other southern States are eligible for a share of the power produced at the Kudankulam plant. As per the formula, Shobha told reporters here that in any centrally funded project, 50% of the power goes to the state where the project comes up and rest to the central grid to be given to neighbouring states. While Kerala is eligible for 133MW of power from the plant, Karnataka's share is 220-MW, she said.Narayanaswamy had said that the entire 1,300-MW power generated at Kudankulam will be given to Tamil Nadu. The state government there had supported the first phase of agitation against the nuclear power plant. However, the TN government used its support to the agitation as a bargaining point to get concessions. There were reports that the Prime Minister had agreed to the terms set by Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa in this regard.If the Centre concedes to demands of the Tamil Nadu government on Kudankulam power, Shobha said the state government will insist for a similar arrangement for entire power generated at Kaiga Generating Station (KGS) in Uttara Kannada district. At present, KGS, an atomic plant is generating 880-MW of power from each of its four units of 220-MW capacity and the fourth unit was connected to the Southern grid at 1.56am on January 19, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17221973", "title": "Sex racket: HC officials conduct probe", "text": "KOZHIKODE: High court officials on Wednesday conducted a preliminary inquiry into the alleged involvement of two judicial officers in a sex racket, as reported by a section of the media. The racket was busted a few weeks ago.Sources said a senior high court official, accompanied by his staff, visited the city to check the veracity of the news report. Police, meanwhile, refused to confirm or deny the involvement of judicial officers in the incident.Police have so far arrested 11 persons in the case. Eight others have been identified. Raids were conducted in Thalassery and Valanchery to arrest the accused.Police have so far arrested 11 persons in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17223193", "title": "CBI moves SC to keep out ex-President\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s brother in murder case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has rushed to the Supreme Court to stall attempts to link ex-president Pratibha Patil's brother G N Patil to a murder trial.The CBI does not want the trial court to summon the call records of mobile phones of Dr V G Patil, who was stabbed to death on September 21, 2005, the seizure memo of his car and the TV interview given by the contract killer Raju Pundalik Mali.The trial court had ordered the CBI to produce the documents on an application by V G Patil's wife Rajani Patil, who has alleged that her husband was killed because of a conspiracy by political rivals like G N Patil and Dr Ulhas Patil.Within a month of Bombay High Court upholding the trial court's order, the CBI moved an appeal before the Supreme Court, which last week stayed the HC order. Appearing for the agency, additional solicitor general Siddharth Luthra said CBI had a statutory right to prove its case in the trial court and its course could not be determined by a third party, that is Rajani Patil.\"It is clear that there is no material that has come on record to substantiate any allegation that either Dr G N Patil or Dr Ulhas Patil had any motive to murder V G Patil,\" the CBI said.Within five days of V G Patil's murder, the Jalgaon police arrested Raju Pundalik Mali and Raju Chintamani Sonawane. Four days later, the probe was transferred to Maharashtra Crime Investigation Department (CID), which concluded that the motive behind the crime was a financial dispute between Raju Mali and V G Patil for a sum of Rs 4.5 lakh and a dispute of political nature between V G Patil and two others, Leeladhar Narkhede and Damodar Jagannath Lokhande.The CID filed charge-sheet against the four but Rajani Patil moved the Bombay high court seeking an independent probe into the murder. The HC on February 23, 2007 transferred the investigation to the CBI. Within two months, accused Raju Mali died in judicial custody.During the trial proceedings against Sonawane, which had been separated from the trial of Narkhede and Lokhande, Rajani moved three applications before the trial court seeking documents relating to car seizure memo, CD of the interview given by Raju Mali to a TV channel before his death and call details of certain specified phone numbers, besides allowing her to be cross-examined as a witness in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17223249", "title": "Identity cards likely to be mandatory for sleeper class passengers", "text": "PATNA: Railways is likely to make identity (ID) cards mandatory for passengers travelling in sleeper class of mail and express trains across the country from December 1. The decision has been taken at a high-level meeting recently.Under the new system, every sleeper class passenger will be required to carry identity card during train journey, he said, adding at least one ID card will be a must against one PNR (journey ticket).According to a Railway Board official, railways has so far introduced this system for passengers travelling in AC classes. The new system will curb the touts from selling the reserved sleeper class seats in black. It will also help check the misuse of tickets by people with vested interest.Now, every passenger booking a sleeper class ticket from the passenger reservation system (PRS) counter would also need to carry identity proof cards during journey from December 1, a board official said. Railways had already made ID card compulsory for each passenger booking ticket under 'Tatkal' and 'e-ticketing' scheme.Railways has allowed voter ID card, bank passbook, institution's ID card, driving licence, Aadhaar card and other documents issued by the government or recognized institutions as identity proof for passengers either to purchase ticket or travel by train in AC and sleeper class, a board official said.According to sources, railways has taken note of the fact that some passengers travel in sleeper class under fictitious names. Touts are now exploiting sleeper class passengers by giving them tickets at a premium price mainly due to rush in most of the long-distance trains during festivals. Genuine passengers suffer due to touts' activities, sources said.Railways had made ID card mandatory for AC passengers from February 15 this year. Some passengers are still not following the rules during journey which often forces railway checking staff to realize fine from them, sources said. Reiterating railways commitment to ensure foolproof safety to train passengers, a board official said railways is busy executing the integrated security plan at all major stations. Patna Junction is one the stations which has been brought under the ambit of foolproof security plan, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17223054", "title": "Ban on abortion therefore ended up taking a life that need not have been lost", "text": "The debate in the Western world on abortion is often portrayed as one between the 'pro-life' and 'pro-choice' camps. As this case should illustrate to those who view an anti-abortion position as pro-life, that can often be a dangerously misplaced notion. In this specific case, it appears clear that the yet-to-be-born child's life was doomed whether or not an abortion had taken place. The mother's life, on the other hand, could have been saved had the abortion been done. The ban on abortion therefore ended up taking a life that need not have been lost. How does that square with viewing the ban as pro-life?Related story: Indian woman refused abortion in Ireland, dies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17222227", "title": "It's raining new cars in drought-hit North Karnataka", "text": "HUBLI: North Karnataka is hit by the worst drought in 40 years, but passenger cars are selling like hot cakes.All major car dealers in Hubli-Dharwad have reported good sales since April, and say this trend will continue in double digits till Christmas. Earlier this year, many dealers had lost hopes of a good year, with a looming drought and economic meltdown leading to job cuts.Karnataka has been reeling under a drought with 26 of its 30 districts having been declared affected. The state has received 21% deficit rainfall this year, and north Karnataka is the worst hit.But this has had no effect on car sales. Compared with the Dasara season, there is a 15%-20% increase in Deepavali sales. The major buyers include doctors, advocates and businessmen.Arvind Bellad, MD, Bellad Motors, told TOI that compared with last year, the sale of high-end cars has shot up. Hatchbacks like Hyundai's i10 and Eon are the most popular, he said.People from Gadag, Haveri and surrounding districts of North Karnataka are the new buyers, Arvind said.Hubli city alone has seen 600 to 700 cars of various companies - from sedans to hatchbacks - flying off the shelf. Last year, only 450 cars were sold during Diwali, sources said.Archana Shetty, general manager, RNS, said sale of Maruti cars, particularly the newly launched Alto-800, has increased considerably. \"We have sold around 120 cars this festival and customers include farmers, doctors, engineers and businessmen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17222023", "title": "India second in keeping tabs on netizens", "text": "CHENNAI: India ranks second globally in accessing private details of its citizens, next only to the US, if the latest data from Google is to be believed. The transparency report by the internet search giant lists out requests it received from governments across the world to access information on the users of its various services.In the first six months of 2012, India made 2,319 requests involving 3,467 users. In comparison, the US made 7,969 requests in the same period and Brazil, which comes third, sent 1,566 requests. Globally, there were 20,938 requests for user data during the January-June period. The data can include your complete Gmail account, chat logs, Orkut profile and search terms among others. These reports are prepared by Google every six months, and were started in July-December 2009.The requests for user data from India doubled from 1,061 in July-December 2009 to 2,207 in July-December 2011.\"Though India is a large country with a significant number of internet users, this data is nonetheless an indicator of growing surveillance,\" said Pranesh Prakash, policy director at Centre for Internet and Society (CIS), a Bangalore-based organization looking at issues of public accountability, internet freedom and openness.\"India lacks a general privacy law that helps set guidelines for such user requests, despite privacy being a constitutional right as part of the right to life,\" said Prakash.India also actively sends requests to take down content which it deems defamatory and against national security. While the number of court orders for taking down web content has remained almost stagnant over the years, there has been a rise in the number of requests by the executive and police. Between January and June this year, there were 20 court orders and 64 requests from executive/police that resulted in 596 items being taken down from the web. In comparison, there were only eight court orders and 22 executive/police requests in January-June 2010, resulting in 125 items being taken down.\"The government does not always specify the reason for which they want access. They just want access, what they do with the information is not known to us,\" said a legal adviser to an MNC. \"These requests come with a threat to our continued operation in India.\"Falsified court orders are also being employed to seek removal of content. Three such court orders were sent to Google \"that demanded the removal of blog posts and entire blogs for alleged defamation.\" One order was said have been issued by a local court in Andheri, Mumbai while the other two by the Delhi high court. But all the three were found to be fake.Google says a single court order was responsible for removal of 360 items this year as they \"contained adult videos that allegedly violated an individual's personal privacy.\" While such orders have a positive impact like curbing pornography and violent content, governments at every level have also tried to use these requests to take down unfavourable content or criticism.In January-June 2011 period, Google received \"requests from state and local law enforcement agencies to remove YouTube videos that displayed protests against social leaders or used offensive language in reference to religious leaders\". Google rejected a majority of these requests. It also received a request from a law enforcement agency to remove 236 communities and profiles from Orkut that were critical of a local politician. Google did not remove them either.\"Prior to 2009, government had limited powers of interception. However, after 26/11 they gave themselves huge powers to block and monitor content,\" said Supreme Court lawyer Pavan Duggal. \"Data privacy is non-existent in India.\" He said that the A P Shah Committee, which was formed to recommend principles for a privacy law, has submitted its report to the Planning Commission and now it is up to the government to take it to the next stage.Both Prakash and Duggal said that technology companies in India, including telecom players, should come out with similar transparency reports as Google. A report by international watchdog Privacy International says that Bharti Airtel , in its 2010-2011 annual report, said it had received 422 appreciation letters from law enforcement agencies for assistance in lawful interceptions. \"The Indian IT Act requires electronic audit by firms but the law is silent on how this audit is filed,\" said Duggal.Globally, Dropbox , LinkedIn, Sonic.net and Twitter release transparency reports apart from Google.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17223689", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcBhai Phonta\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 today", "text": "LUDHIANA: When people converge into a melting pot, traditions are altered. \"In the Bengali tradition, 'Bhai Phonta' is celebrated in the evening of the next day of Diwali. However, now that we live here, we celebrate on the second day of Diwali,\" said Shampa Bannerjee of Bhai Himmat Singh Nagar. However, the essence stays put. Payal Bannerjee of Urban Estate, Dugri phase II said they celebrate the traditional ways. \"Red and white Chandan are mixed for 'tilak' which the sister applies to the brother's forehead. Paddy and 'durba' grass is used by the elder sibling to bless the younger,\" she said.The festival comes with the universal ways of expressing love for the brother. Pallavi said the menu for the day is decided by the brother. But later, the labour of love is rewarded with gifts. T K Bannerjee, joint secretary of Bangia Samsad, said a \"mantra\" is recited during the application of 'tilak.' \"Recitation of this mantra means that thorns are laid on the way to 'Yamalok' for the brother so that he lives a long and healthy life,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17221310", "title": "Robbers strike at Jadavpur home on Diwali night", "text": "KOLKATA: A gang of burglars struck at a 65-year-old retired bank manager's house in Jadavpur on Tuesday, while he was away celebrating Kali puja. They decamped with electrical equipment, Rs 15,000 cash and gold jewellery worth Rs 50,000. Pradip Mitra, who lives alone at 144 Regent Estate, is shocked as the burglary took place in a \"safe locality\".On Tuesday, Mitra left his house at 2pm to celebrate Kali Puja at his brother-in-law's Patuli residence. When he returned home at 11pm, he found the latch of the entrance door broken. \"When I saw the door-latch broken, I understood that something was wrong.I rushed inside to find all my belongings missing,\" said Mitra. The burglars did not leave any corner of the house and also broke open the almirah locks.Mitra lives on the ground floor of the two-storied building. When he returned to his two-bedroom-hall-kitchen flat, he found it to be in a mess with all wardrobes and doors wide open and the belongings scattered everywhere. The burglars broke the locks of two steel wardrobes, throwing everything inside them on the floor. The bed sheets and wooden planks on the bed were left upside down in both the rooms.\"I did not have much cash and jewellery at home. But they managed to take away whatever I had, including Rs 15,000 and gold ornaments worth Rs 50,000. A 28-inches flat screen LCD television, another 24-inches television, a microwave oven, an oven-toaster-griller (OTG) and two air-conditioners were also taken away. They did not even leave my clothes and my daughter's fancy woollen wears. I cannot believe how they could take away everything at one-go,\" said Mitra, who is left with no clothes and now managing with the clothes he was wearing while leaving home. on returning home.Not many used to visit Mitra's house, but he suspects that it's the handiwork of his acquaintances. some it was a group of known people who are responsible for the burglary in a locality considered safe.He shifted to Regent Estate from his Salt Lake home to Regent Estate in Jadavpur in 2008. \"Earlier, I used to live at P-14 Regent Estate on rent. As the rent was a little high, I moved into this house in May. I thought the area was safe and friendly but this proved to be a strange neighbourhood. Nobody bothers about anyone here. The security measures too are not up to the mark,\" said Mitra, who was refused by his neighbours after he sought help from them. after the burglary.\"Then I called up the police station. Everybody knew that I live alone but none in the locality helped. It is heartbreaking,\" he added.\"My father lives alone and somebody in the locality must have been keeping a watch on him and his daily schedule. Breaking into the house, when he was away, was the best opportunity for them. The caretaker of the house, who lives with his family in a room on the rooftop, was also away. Police are investigating and hopefully, we will get to know something about the suspects soon,\" said Mitra's 32-year-old daughter Titia Dasgupta, who lives in Ranikuthi and is a teacher at an AJC Bose Road school. \"Officers of the detective department have initiated a probe,\" said P K Ghosh, joint CP, Crime, Kolkata Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17221405", "title": "Fun, gaiety and religious fervour complete festivities in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: Residents of the city celebrated Diwali and Kali Puja with great enthusiasm and religious fervour. The day began with customary exchange of sweets and greetings. Puja was offered to the goddess of wealth and prosperity, Laxmi. From households, shops to business establishments, Bokaro was bedecked like a bride with lights illuminating the cityscape.The festival passed off peacefully with no major untoward incident reported in the district. People thronged the Kali temples across the city to offer puja. Incidentally, Diwali and Kali Puja fell on the same day this year.More than a dozen Kali Puja pandals have come up in the city. The Cooperative Moad and Majdoor Ground pandals were the major crowd-pullers. The Cooperative Moad pandal was made to resemble the Bodh Temple of Japan. While the structure was built with bamboo sticks, the idol of Kali was brought from Kolkatta. It took 45 days for a dozen artists to install this pandal.The pandal replicating the Kali Temple of Rajasthan at Sector-IV Majdoor Ground also emerged as the hot favourite. Seventy two feet tall and 75 feet wide, it is built with more than 2000 bamboo sticks.Apart from the these two, Kali Puja pandals have also come up in Sector-3/A, Dundibagh, Joda Mandir and main road of Chas, Bermo, among several other places of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17226605", "title": "Kim shows off derriere in skin-tight pants on Twitter", "text": "Kim Kardashian , who seems to find endless excuses to show off her curves, posted a series of photographs on Tuesday, where her bottom can be made out in her skin-tight pants.The 32-year-old reality star was spending the evening with her pal Larsa Pippen of 'Real Housewives of Miami' fame after she returned to the city following a trip to London , the Mirror reported.She posted the photo of herself and Pippen displaying their shapes, captioning, \"We are being so lazy! @larsapippen and I can't get up for dinner!\"The image sees the duo lying on their fronts on a plush cream rug, in what looks like a walk-in wardrobe, while admiring themselves in a full-length mirror, the paper reported.The socialite donned a pair of skin-tight beige jodhpurs and teamed the sexy bottoms with a sheer white shirt.She tied her glossy locks into a slick ponytail to complete her look.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17225367", "title": "Reality shows are putting pressure on children: Nandita Das", "text": "On the occasion of Children's Day, Nandita Das , former chairperson of the Children's Film Society, speaks to Subhash K Jha on children's cinemaWhy do you think we've such a paucity of children's films? Unfortunately here economics gets in the way of everything, and therefore art suffers. It's no different in films. Because of that, people don't want to take a chance and explore this genre. Moreover the 'General Entertainment' has further marginalized films specifically meant for children. There is a real dearth of quality content in India that provides wholesome entertainment to children. However, it is possible to make low or medium budget films that are strong in content and form, and are neither preachy and boring, nor mindless and violent. Today they are growing up on a completely different diet and we cannot stop that. But we can surely provide an alternative, for them to choose from. There are many countries like Netherlands, Germany, China etc that are way ahead of us in making quality children's films. But the first challenge is to attract good writers and directors to make films for us. But I am glad to share that the quality of submissions have hugely improved and we are soon going to come out with a string of wonderful films in both, live action &amp; animation.You tried your best to change that, with films like Gattu. How far do you think you succeeded? The experience was both challenging and fulfilling. Also it has been a learning experience in terms of understanding this space of children's cinema and also what all entails working with the govt. But I had no magic want to transform a 55 year old organization in just 3 years. I tried to make many big and small changes. For the 1st two years, they were mostly systemic, revamping archaic rules and regulations, creating better systems, that could have a lasting impact, beyond the individual. I also focused on expanding the CFSI family by inviting a lot of people to participate in the various processes of making the organization more vibrant. Be it film makers, distributors, educators, animators and also tried to reach out to lot more children who could participate, not just as beneficiaries, but as stakeholders in creating this change. I managed to convince people like Gulzar sa'ab and Vishal Bharadwaj to join our Executive Committee, which is empowered to make a lot of crucial decisions, as CFSI is meant to be an autonomous body. I tried to instill more passion in the organization, the staff that has been there for ages and had lost the excitement. Despite our library of 250 films, in 55 long years, we never had a national commercial release of our film! For the first time we released our film - Gattu in theatres all over the country on 20th July 2012. Revamped the whole process of submitting and accepting proposals, by constituting a Script Committee and an Assessment Committee, that is more transparent and credible. Also archaic rules of only accepting 35mm films, now includes digital formats, something that makes it much more democratic and viable. The process of production has become far more professional and streamlined. Also increased the allocated budget for making children's films. Attracting good directors to make films for CFSI, both eminent and new talent. And this can only happen when you release films and distribute them through different ways, giving them the confidence that their films wont be lying in cans. Collaborating with film institutes to encourage young film makers to make children's films and got very encouraging response. We held several workshops with young film makers in different cities. We have both new and old films, which have won awards nationally and globally, which we are distributing through various means, including the new media. Rajashri, which has the largest presence on the YouTube in Asia, is now hosting many of our films. Also outlets for DVDs beyond just the CFSI office! We have also restored many damaged films and digitized our archive. We have brought out a catalogue of 250 films that give substantial information on all of them. While it has been an amazing learning experience, I am also glad that it came to an end! I took my honorary post a bit too seriously, and gave it a lot of my time and energy, and now I am glad I can focus on my other interests and of course my little one!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17221681", "title": "Substation work to start on available land in Sector 148", "text": "NOIDA: The Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) and Noida Authority have decided to go ahead with construction of the much-delayed substation in Sector 148 on whatever part of the approved land is currently available. About 80,000 sqm has been promised to build the 400KV substation, UPPCL office premises and staff quarters.The Authority has granted UPPCL possession of about 55,000 sqm out of the promised 80,000 sqm land. Considering that the project has already missed several deadlines in the past, UPPCL has decided to go ahead with the work on the substation and has invited bids for it. Work on the substation is expected to start in a month.This substation is one of the two projects proposed by UPPCL to boost power transmission in the district. At present, a single 400KV substation in Pali provides power to the entire district, including the twin cities of Noida and Greater Noida.\"Physical possession of a part of the 80,000 sqm has been delayed for over a year due to some acquisition row, so the project will be carried out in two phases. Considering the constant increase in power demand, we have decided to go ahead with the construction of the substation without losing any more time. Once the Noida Authority hands over the remaining land, UPPCL will use it in the second phase for construction related to the substation,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17223173", "title": "Power drop likely in northern India as Himachal Pradesh freezes", "text": "SHIMLA: It is getting colder on the high reaches of Himachal Pradesh with the minimum temperature touching the below zero mark on the celsius scale during night hours. This, in turn, has affected power generation with far less water making it through the turbines due to freezing. Power shortage is likely to engulf northern India in the coming days if temperature drops further.Keylong in Lahaul-Spiti remained the coldest on Wednesday with minimum temperature of -2.5 degrees celsius and Kalpa in Kinnaur district recorded a minimum of -0.4 degrees. Manali recorded a low of 1.2 degrees celsius. Officials said that the rivers witness a 75% drop in water discharge during the winter season.Less power generation has been forcing Himachal Pradesh State Electricity Board (HPSEB) to depend on neighbouring states due to shortage of 180 lakh units of electricity per day, against a daily demand of 240 lakh units. Nathpa Jhakri power project has registered a drastic fall in power generation as against 36 million units in peak summer, just 10 million units of power are generated.Karcham-Wangtoo and Baspa power projects are generating 6.6 million units ever day against peak summer generation of 7.92 million units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17223567", "title": "Fun-filled activities mark Children\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Day", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Department of Pediatrics and Nivedita creche at PGI, Chandigarh, celebrated Children's Day with a range of fun-filled activities. A drawing competition for children admitted in the hospital was organized by team members of project Nanhi Jaan - an initiative of Veeranwali Foundation. The winners of the competition in every ward were given prizes by the head of the department of paediatrics, Sunit Singhi. Children at the creche, who came dressed up like fairies and angels, sang songs and played musical chairs. The events and activities of the Children's Day festival also focused on identifying various needs of the hospitalized children to make their stay in the hospital pleasant.Children's Day is observed across the world to celebrate childhood and promote awareness about children's welfare. The day coincides with the birthday of Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru, the first Prime Minister of India.Mayor, kids open celebrationsThe Chandigarh Municipal Corporation celebrated Children's Day on Wednesday. A large number of kids from different schools and various residential areas participated in a function held at the Nehru Park in Sector 22. The MC's fire and safety stall, where kids were educated on fire safety norms, attracted a lot of children. Various activities including a painting competition, quiz and fancy dress contests, besides one in clay modelling, were also held. City mayor Raj Bala Malik inaugurated the function along with the children.Cultural programme at Bal BhawanThe Indian Council for Child Welfare (ICCW), UT branch, held various activities as part of the Children's Day celebrations at Bal Bhawan, Sector 23, here on Wednesday. Children from different creches participated in various activities organized by ICCW including a painting competition, fun games, besides fancy dress and dance and music competitions on the occasion. A cultural programme was also held where children from different creches, the blind school, Snehalya (Maloya) and Prayaas, a school for children with special needs, participated. Additional deputy commissioner, UT, Mahavir Kaushik, was the chief guest on the occasion. He appreciated the performance of the children, while adding that such programmes should be held at short intervals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17223552", "title": "PGI to hold marathon for diabetes awareness", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The department of endocrinology, PGI, will organize a marathon to mark World Diabetes Day on November 18. PGI will drive home the need for a healthy lifestyle by setting an example through a marathon.The walk will begin at 8am at Sukhna Lake, cover Rock Garden before culminating at the Sukhna Lake. The USP of the marathon will be first hand accounts of people suffering from type I diabetes and doctors. The session is expected to provide people with a lowdown on the causes and symptoms of diabetes as well as treatment. Doctors will also shed light on the complications related to diabetes. Facilities for blood glucose testing and information on diabetes education and diet will be available.Diabetes mellitus is the most common of non communicable diseases and India has earned the dubious distinction of being the world capital of diabetes. At present, India has around 5 crore patients of diabetes and the number is set to rise to 8 crore by 2030. Alarmingly, diabetes is becoming increasingly common among youngsters. In Chandigarh, the department of endocrinology, PGI, receives around 1,000-1,200 diabetes mellitus patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17221124", "title": "Presidency move to retain 5 teachers sparks row", "text": "KOLKATA: Stepping out of line from the recruitment process laid down for the new Presidency University, vice-chancellor Malabika Sarkar has made a request to the government to help her retain some Presidency College teachers who chose to opt out of the varsity. The move has stirred up a debate among teachers awaiting transfer to other government colleges and also raised questions about the quality of applications for teaching posts at Presidency University, which the state government wants to turn into a global centre of excellence.Sarkar has made a strong pitch for as many as five Presidency College teachers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Amitava Chatterjee (economics), Kamal Kumar Banerjee (zoology), Nandalal Chakrabarty (political science), Binod Kumar Beri (mathematics) and Amit Kumar Ray (geology).The economics, zoology and political science teachers are to retire in a couple of months. \"So, as a good gesture, we would like them to continue at the university,\" Sarkar said. The reason for retaining maths teacher Beri is quite different. Calling Beri an \"excellent teacher\", Sarkar, in her letter to the higher education department, has said she wanted him to continue in the interest of students as getting a \"good mathematics faculty is difficult\". She told TOI later, \"We haven't received enough quality applications for mathematics. Some posts are lying vacant. We would like Beri to continue till a suitable replacement is found.\"Geology teacher Ray is also an officer on special duty and the university would also like him to stay on.The recommendations haven't pleased their colleagues awaiting transfer. \"Why did the vice-chancellor pick only five, deviating from the announced recruitment procedure? It is arbitrary, insulting and discriminatory. Such a choice would add to blood in the university campus,\" a Presidency College teacher said.Education minister Bratya Basu refused to comment.Others interpreted the VC's letter as a \"desperate bid\" to fill in vacant teaching posts in the new university when the much-touted selection procedure has failed. Citing the instance of Shyamal Basak of mathematics, who is still teaching in the university because the government didn't put to effect his transfer order issued this February, the teacher said the government could do the same to the five Presidency veterans till their retirement.\"There was no need for the vice-chancellor making a special request for retaining them for a couple of months,\" the teacher said.Sarkar's request has also raised eyebrows in the higher education department. \"Such a request may make things worse for the university. Many may move court,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "balrampur (up)", "code": "17231999", "title": "SP MLA's associates gang-rape minor", "text": "BALRAMPUR (UP): A 12-year-old girl was allegedly gang-raped by a domestic help of the Samajwadi Party MLA from Sadar, and his associates at the legislator's house here, police said on Thursday.Rakesh and some of his associates allegedly abducted the girl while she had gone to attend to nature's call on Tuesday night and took her to MLA Jagram Paswan's house.The MLA was not present in the premises at the time of the incident.She was locked in a room for 21 hours and allegedly gang-raped, police said, adding that the girl was later dropped at a secluded place last night using the MLA's vehicle.On reaching her house she told her family about the incident leading to a strong protest by them and their neighbours who gathered at the MLA's house.A case has been lodged and further investigations are on to identify the rest of the accused, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17222054", "title": "National capital celebrates Diwali with less noise, more smoke", "text": "NEW DELHI: Diwali celebrations across the city this year were more quiet in comparison to last year but produced more air pollution due to weather conditions and use of more smoke-producing crackers.Environmentalists attribute the reduced noise pollution this year due to usage of fewer firecrackers but raised concern over rising air pollution, saying it would impact public health especially as it comes in the wake of a spell of dense smog over the city.\"Air pollutant levels during 2012 Diwali were found to be higher as compared to Diwali 2011, which can be attributed to adverse meteorological conditions or bursting of less noisy but more smoke-producing crackers,\" a Central Pollution Control Board official said.CPCB monitored air quality at seven locations. The level of particulate matter (PM10) showed an increase at all locations (compared with last year's Diwali), RSPM values too were significantly higher -- ranging between 748 and 951ug/m3 as compared to 416 and 635ug/m3 last year. Nitrogen dioxide (NO2) concentrations increased at all locations. Only sulphur dioxide (SO2) levels showed a decrease from last year at three locations.On noise pollution, CPCB data showed a decreasing trend from last year. While Mayur Vihar was the noisiest area last Diwali, this year it was Lajpat Nagar which recorded 81 dBA, the same as in 2011. This was followed by Kamla Nagar (80 dBA). Mayur Vihar's noise level went down from 91 dBA in 2011 to 73 dBA.Last year, Diwali was celebrated on October 26 during which the 24-hourly average temperatures was recorded at 26.4 degrees Celsius. This year, CPCB recorded the 24-hourly average temperature at 20.2 degrees Celsius.DPCC, the agency that monitors ambient air quality in five locations \u00e2\u20ac\u201d IGI airport, Civil Lines, Mandir Marg, RK Puram and Punjabi Bagh \u00e2\u20ac\u201d too showed higher air pollution. It said carbon monoxide (CO) level ranged from 1.9 to 7.5 mg/m. It was the least at IGI airport and the highest at Civil Lines. Last year, the CO range was much lower at 1.2 to 2.05 mg/m2.Similarly, nitrogen oxide levels too increased -- the highest being recorded at Mandir Marg and the minimum at R K Puram. Levels this year ranged between 65 to 117 ug/m while last year it was 59.64 to 114 ug/m. SO2 this year ranged from 20 to 88 ug/m and was the highest at Civil Lines and lowest at Mandir Marg. Last year, it ranged from 34.58 to 42.9 ug/m. Particulate matter ranged from 363 to 663 ug/m and was the highest at IGI airport and the lowest at Civil Lines. Last year, it was recorded at 104.6 to 421.4 ug/m.\"It's evident that overall pollution has increased this Diwali. While noise pollution has shown a decrease due to use of less noisy crackers, silent as well as noisy crackers both contribute to air pollution which has increased,\" said Anumita Roy Chowdhury from Centre for Science and Environment. \"This is alarming for Delhi as we have just gone through a severe smog episode.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17222564", "title": "State opposes direct tax on co-operative sector", "text": "MYSORE: The state government on Wednesday opposed the Centre's move to bring the cooperative sector under direct tax net.Pointing to the initiatives taken up by the cooperative sector in poverty alleviation and unemployment, co-operation minister B J Puttaswamy said it would be unfair to tax such institutions.\"It is not right to tax cooperative institutions which are working in the social sector. We're opposing this move at the Centre,\" he said at the All-India Cooperative Week celebration here.Leaders in the cooperative sector are attending the week-long 59 th cooperative week celebration.The minister asked the organizers to adopt a resolution, which his department will forward to the Union government.Deputy chief minister R Ashoka, who inaugurated the celebrations, said it was difficult to sustain the cooperative societies and pointed out that some 70 per cent of these societies close down within years after they are set up.The cooperation sector should be beware of this trend, he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17222573", "title": "Mysore City Corporation to mop up crores in water tax", "text": "MYSORE: The Mysore City Corporation's month-long drive has come in handy for it to focus on water dues, which have run into crores.Days after the tax collection drive started, MCC has collected around Rs 2 crore. At least one-third of the amount is water tax, including arrears, which is significant given that the civic body has lagged behind in collection of water tax.During the month-long drive, MCC aims to collect Rs 8 crore in water tax and arrears, which have accumulated to Rs 40 crore.With interest being charged on long-pending arrears, MCC is looking to utilize the opportunity and make the public pay for the service. It also hopes to mop up huge arrears pending from non-domestic and commercial users \u00e2\u20ac\u201d something endorsed by corporators.Part of the problem was that bills to collect water tax were not generated, a fact admitted by corporation commissioner M R Ravi. It is estimated that there are 1.75 lakh water connections in the city for which bills were generated. The number of consumers has gone up to around 1 lakh in October.Now, the authorities are focusing on collection of water tax and arrears. On a single day, the authorities collected Rs 36 lakh in water tax and arrears, while other taxes collected amounted to Rs 19 lakh. \"We are focusing on extending the period to pay the principal amount and get interest waived,\" Ravi told TOI. \"There are long pending arrears from some commercial users. We'll ask them to pay up.\"MCC has been lagging behind in collection of water tax for a few years, though it achieved 90% in collection of property tax, its biggest revenue generator. Last fiscal, as against the target of Rs 57 crore water tax, it collected Rs 28 crore, a deficit of Rs 29 crore. Though the state government extended the interest waiver deadline, it could collect only Rs 18 crore till a few weeks ago.For the present fiscal, MCC has projected a revenue of Rs 50 crore by way of water tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "17221953", "title": "4 Bangaloreans die in road accident", "text": "HASSAN: Four Bangaloreans died when a truck collided with their Toyota Qualis at Jodukatte in Channarayaptana taluk at 3.30am on Wednesday.The victims are Manjunath, 34, Venkateshmurthy, 50, Govinda , 30, and Babraju, 44.The four were on their way to Dharmasthala from Bangalore. Channarayapatna police said: \"The truck driver was on the wrong side of the road. We suspect he was speeding and probably dozed off. We have seized the truck and are searching for the driver.\" A case has been registered in Channarayapatna police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17232094", "title": "Number of Indian students in US drops again", "text": "WASHINGTON: The number of Indian students studying in the United States has dropped continuously for the second consecutive year while the count of international students in the country has now reached a record high with the maximum enrollments from China.In the year 2011-12, the Chinese student enrollments have increased by 23 per cent in total and by 31 per cent at the undergraduate level, according to the 2012 Open Doors Report on International Educational Exchange released yesterday.The report finds that the number of international students at colleges and universities in the United States has increased by six per cent to a record high of 7,64,495 in the 2011-12 academic year, while the US students studying abroad increased by one per cent.This year, international exchanges in all 50 states contributed USD 22.7 billion to the US economy.Overall, China sends the maximum number of 1,94,029 students in the year 2011-12 as against 1,57,558 in the previous year.While China registered an increase in enrollment in American universities, it dropped for those coming from India by 3.5 per cent to 1,00,270 students.\"The number of Indian students in the US in 2011-12 dropped 3.5 per cent compared to the previous year, marking two consecutive years of decline. India had been the leading place of origin for international students in the US from 2001-02 through 2008-09,\" the report said.In 2000-01 there was a surge in enrollments from India, with an increase of 30 per cent, followed by two more years of strong growth (12 per cent in 2002-03 and seven per cent in 2003-04), the report said.However, the increases tapered off in 2004-05 and then decrease slightly in 2005-06, before resuming much larger increases in 2006-07 and for the next two years.\"In 2009-10, the increases levelled off, and China became the top sender and remains in that position. Students from India make up approximately 13.1 per cent of the total foreign student population in the United States,\" the report said.In 2011-12 only 13 per cent of the Indian students were enrolled for undergraduate studies, whereas a majority of them (58.9 per cent) are graduate students and 26.7 per cent on OPT (optional practical training).According to Open Doors, nearly three-fifths of the total Indian students are enrolled in science, engineering or mathematics courses, while in China the focus is on business management.Higher education is among the United States' top service sector exports, as international students provide revenue to the US economy and individual host states for living expenses, including room and board, books and supplies, transportation, health insurance , support for accompanying family members, and other miscellaneous items.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17221844", "title": "5,000 illegal labourers from Tamil Nadu set to return from UAE", "text": "CHENNAI: Several Indians, including at least 5,000 workers from Tamil Nadu, who went to work in the UAE and stayed on as illegals are set to return home. The UAE ministry of interior on Tuesday announced an amnesty for illegal residents, allowing them to leave the country without any penalty within two months starting from December 4 or face legal punishment, including imprisonment and fines.Most of the illegal Indians were from Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh, M K Lokesh, India's ambassador to the UAE, told TOI from Abu Dhabi, adding that more than 40,000 Indians benefited from the 2010 general amnesty.While Lokesh said exact numbers was not immediately available, activists working among labourers said more than 5,000 Tamil Nadu residents could be among those set to return. \"After the pardon period for illegal residents to leave the country without penalty ends on February 4, there will be no extension. This will be their last chance to leave the country with dignity,\" major-general Nassir Al Awadhi Al Menhali, assistant undersecretary for naturalisation, residency and port affairs at the Ministry of Interior of the UAE, was quoted as saying.Major-general Al Menhali also clarified that those who had overstayed would be allowed to stay back if they were able to change their legal status before the general pardon period expired. He said those going for residency amendments before the deadline expired can do so by paying the fines (dirhams 25 or 375 a day for overstaying) and other charges for the documentation process.Welcoming the move, ambassador M K Lokesh said Indian diplomats would soon have a meeting to develop a mechanism for the fast and efficient process of documents to allow illegal Indian residents to return home without any trouble under the amnesty. All the consular staff members will be advised to expedite services during this period, he added.The amnesty exercise at the Indian embassy in Abu Dhabi and the Indian consulate in Dubai is a big exercise requiring the assistance of volunteers in filling up the forms of the applicants, most of whom are illiterate.Middle men, touts and brokers make a killing during this period, promising applicants the required \"out-pass\" within a few days with the help of their 'connections.' (An out-pass is a one-way travel document issued to illegal Indians to leave the UAE).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17223679", "title": "12 industrialists, creative persons awarded", "text": "LUDHIANA: Vishwakarma Day was celebrated with much devotion by industrialists here, who, along with the workers, worshiped equipment and machinery at their industrial units.A state-level function was organized at the Ramgarhia College to mark the occasion, where 12 eminent industrialists from Ludhiana were honoured by chief minister Parkash Singh Badal.The industrialists who were honoured included Onkar Singh Pahwa, chairman, Avon Cycles, Gurmit Singh Kular, president, United Cycle &amp; Parts Manufacturers Association, Charanjit Singh, owner of Vihwakarma Cycles, Ranjodh Singh, president, Ramgarhia Educational Council, Inderjit Singh Sohal, president Ply Board Association, Punjab, Bhupinder Singh Sohal of Asian Crane, Pankaj Munjal of Hero Cycles, Sukhdyal Singh Basant of Rattan Hammers and Parveen Chaudhary of Tarun Printers.Another function was organized by Baba Vishwakarma International Foundation at the grain market on Gill Road which was attended by members of the business community. Some prominent people, including renowned poet Surjit Patar, Sardar Panchi and folk singer Surinder Chhinda, were honoured with the Vishwakarma Ratan Award at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17221938", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcStock Guru\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 took clients abroad", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ulhas Prabhakar Khaire and Raksha Urs, masterminds of the multi-crore Stock Guru fraud, would organize their promotional events in Macau, Malaysia, Mauritius and several other countries, taking only a few 'premium' investors on expenses-paid trips, say Delhi Police sources.The events were reportedly organized regularly in five-star hotels, and Ulhas made all the arrangements, including booking flights for investors and celebrities. Ulhas is learnt to have named two Bollywood celebrities he invited to his promotional events.\"People invested between Rs 10,000 and Rs 60 lakh at one go in Stock Guru India as Ulhas promised to double their capital. He would choose regular investors who had invested lakhs in his company and fly them to various countries at his own expense. He also returned money to some investors to win their trust so that they would recommend Stock Guru to others,\" said an officer.Ulhas' wife Raksha participated in these promotional events in the capacity of director. \"She knew about all the frauds committed by her husband. Agents working for Ulhas netted the investors. He also posted videos on YouTube and other social networking sites to promote his company's schemes,\" said the source.Asked whether or not Ulhas stashed money abroad, the source said police have approached the agencies concerned. Additional DCP (Economic Offences Wing), SD Mishra told TOI, \"Several people from Punjab and Ladakh also invested in Stock Guru but lost their money.\" Mishra added that many complainants are now visiting the EOW office after reading the news of Ulhas' arrest. Police are planning to issue a public notice seeking more complaints.Nearly 100 bank accounts operated by Ulhas and his wife have been traced. His racket operated across Punjab, Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh, Delhi, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, West Bengal, Haryana, Sikkim and Maharashtra. Police hope to seize property from Ulhas following his interrogation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17223318", "title": "Patna airport to spell Jaiprakash Narayan correctly", "text": "PATNA: Airports Authority of India (AAI) has finally woken up to the need to correctly spell the name of Bharat Ratna \"Jaiprakash Narayan\" on the Patna airport's buildings.The airport was named Jaiprakash Narayan International Airport in 1996. The Times of India in these columns on May 19 last year reported that the airport was using wrong spelling of the Sampoorna Kranti leader, revered as JP, on the signboards as well as in official communications.The TOI report quoted from historic documents retrieved from the Gandhi Sangrahalaya in Patna to establish that JP spelt his name as 'Jayaprakash Narayan', not 'Jaiprakash Narayan'. Even 'A Dreary Routine', a poem written in JP's hand while he was at the University of Wisconsin in the US in 1927-28, has his name as 'Jayaprakash Narayan'.According to Patna airport director Arvind Dubey, a move was made to draw the AAI's attention towards the issue after TOI highlighted it. \"We are now in receipt of a letter from the AAI headquarters in Delhi, asking us to change the spelling,\" Dubey told TOI on Wednesday and added the change, as suggested in this newspaper's report, would be made within a week or so.Sources said the decision came rather late because it involved verification and approval at several levels. A high-level team of AAI officials was recently in Patna to prepare the final document for the change of name not only on the airport buildings but also in official communications from the airport.Initially known as 'Patna airport', the city airport was named after the son of the soil following a request made by the then Bihar CM, Lalu Prasad, to the then civil aviation minister, C M Ibrahim. The final nod for the same had come from the then PM, H D Deve Gowda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17225744", "title": "Annie Gill down with food poisoning", "text": "The next rising star of the tinsel town Annie Gill, who will be seen essaying the lead in upcoming Trishulla Production's Anamika on Sony TV, is not keeping well these days.With the hoarding all around the city, the beautiful actress is all set and excited for the show to begin. However, unfortunately, few days back she was hospitalized for a day due to her poor health conditions.A source informs that Annie is down with food poisoning and she was hospitalized for a day to keep her under doctor's surveillance. \"Yes, I was hospitalized as my health deteriorated. Though I am well now, it will take time to recover completely,\" Annie managed to comment.We wish Annie for her speedy recovery!!!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17227356", "title": "Prabhas' Mirchi audio on Dec 10", "text": "The audio of prabhas-starrer Mirchi will be unveiled on December 10, 2012. Officials from the production house state that producers Vamsi Krishna Reddy and Pramod Uppalapati are planning to hold the said date for the music launch.Director Koratala Siva is almost done filming the Tenkasi schedule and the post production works are being carried simultaneously. Prabhas would be romancing Anushka and Richa Gangopadhyay in this film. The first look of the film has got great response and Prabhas' uber-cool looks in this romantic and family entertainer will be a major attraction.Mirchi trailer will be released on November 18 and Devi Sri Prasad's peppy music is going to be another asset for the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17223547", "title": "2 women killed in accident", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A middle-aged woman was killed after the car she was travelling in was hit by a Himachal Pradesh bus near the sectors 44, 50 light-point on Tuesday night. Amandeep Kaur, a resident of Sector 20, was sitting on the front passenger seat and her husband was driving the car when they met with the accident.Amandeep was taken to Government Medical College And Hospital, Sector 32, where doctors declared her brought dead.\"The bus driver, Chain Sharma, a resident of Kangra district in Himachal Pradesh, has been arrested,\" a police official said.Sectors 44, 50 light-point is an accident-prone spot. Earlier, the Chandigarh police had written to the administration to make some engineering changes near the light-point, which faces Colony Number 5, to check accidents.Meanwhile, Pushpa Rani of Burail village lost her life when the bike she was riding pillion was hit by a car near the sectors 44, 45 dividing road on Tuesday. Her husband was driving the bike. Ramesh, the car driver, has been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17230989", "title": "Gunmen open fire in Srinagar, 4 employees of a liquor shop injured", "text": "SRINAGAR: Militants today struck in the tourist hub of Dal Lake area by shooting at employees of a liquor shop inside a government-run hotel on the Boulevard Road here, injuring four persons.A police spokesman said unidentified militants fired from pistols near a liquor shop at Heemal Hotel on the banks of Dal Lake this evening.He said three persons were injured in the incident. They are Fayaz Ahmad Khanday of Aloochi Bagh, Mohammad Sharief Sheikh of Batamaloo (both in Srinagar) and Ravi Kumar of Kathua area of Jammu region.Official sources said another injured identified as Sunny Mehra, belonging to Jammu, was admitted in Soura Medical Institute.All the four injured were employees at the liquor shop, which is one of the three licensed outlets operating in the Valley, they said.This was the second major strike within a month by militants in the city following an attack at a hotel on Parimpora-Pantha Chowk bye-pass road near Lasjan on October 19. Two employees of the hotel were killed and another was injured in the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17227242", "title": "Anagha, Narendranath Dhar to enthrall music lovers at Naad Sandhya", "text": "MANGALORE: Sangeet Bharathi Foundation, Mangalore has organised a music feast - Naad Sandhya for music lovers on November 18 at the Town Hall from 5.30pm onwards. In the first part of the programme, there will be a Hindustani classical vocal recital by upcoming young vocalist Anagha Bhat of Bangalore. Gopalakrishna Hegde of Honnavar on tabla and Narendra L Nayak will accompany Anagha on Harmonium.The second part of the programme will feature a sarod recital by internationally renowned artist Pandit Narendranath Dhar of Kolkata. Pandit Ravindra Yavagal of Bangalore will accompany him on tabla.Entry is free for the program through entry passes, which can be availed at venue on the program day from 4.30pm and 5.15pm, Ustad Rafique Khan, president of Sangeet Bharathi Foundation stated.This programme is co-sponsored by Corporation Bank, Karnataka Bank Ltd, MCF Ltd, Canara Bank, School Book Company, Indian Overseas Bank, Axis Bank, Ideal Ice Cream and Union Bank of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17222022", "title": "1,321 people challaned during Diwali drive", "text": "NEW DELHI: At least 1,321 people were prosecuted for drunk driving in the run-up to Diwali, with west Delhi reporting the maximum number of cases. Besides, vehicle owners were prosecuted for allowing an unauthorized person to drive.\"Most of these offenders were caught in west Delhi, where 345 were prosecuted, closely followed by south Delhi where 337 drivers were caught. Most of these were two-wheeler drivers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d around 827 -- followed by cars numbering around 475. We will continue the drive after Diwali,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.While 443 vehicles were impounded, most challans \u00e2\u20ac\u201d around 221 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were issued on November 5, said traffic cops. \"The number of offenders decreased as the days went by as many teams were out checking. People became more careful and avoided the deadly combination of drinking and driving as Diwali time came nearer,\" a dded Garg.The drive will continue as many people are found drinking and driving even after the end of festive season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17222544", "title": "After 7 yrs, Pak man is out of jail", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 37-year-old Pakistani prisoner's release from Tihar jail has been ordered by the ministry of home affairs. The convict, jailed for terrorism, unlawful activities and under the Public Safety Act of Jammu &amp; Kashmir, will be taken to the Wagah border on Thursday morning, to be released as part of a repatriation treaty. This comes after assurances from the J&K; government to the SC that they would expedite the release of foreign prisoners who had served their sentence.Ikram Asif has spent seven years in jail as a convict and a detainee, say Tihar officials. \"He has been in jail since 2005. He will be taken to the Wagah border on 11am on Thursday by police officials and handed over ther. This is part of repatriation measures taken by the MHA,\" said a Tihar source.In a letter to Tihar, the MHA has said, \"The government of Jammu &amp; Kashmir has given consent or the release of the prisoner so that he is repatriated on Thursday at Attari or Wagah border under police escort.\"This move comes after the J&K; government told SC in late October this year that they would expedite the process involved in repatriation of several Pakistani terrorists to their home country, who have completed their term in various jails located across the state.These assurances were given while officials were responding to the petition filed by Panthers Party chief Prof Bhim Singh regarding release and deportation of foreign prisoners, particularly from Pakistan, who had served their sentences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17230018", "title": "Poor sleep can lead to schizophrenia symptoms", "text": "Irregular sleep patterns and desynchronised brain activity during sleep could trigger some of the symptoms of schizophrenia.The findings suggest that these prolonged disturbances might be a cause and not just a consequence of the disorder's debilitating effects.The possible link between poor sleep and schizophrenia prompted the research team, led by scientists from the University of Bristol, the Lilly Centre for Cognitive Neuroscience and funded by the Medical Research Council (MRC), to explore the impact of irregular sleep patterns on the brain by recording electrical brain activity in multiple brain regions during sleep.For many people, sleep deprivation can affect mood, concentration and stress levels. In extreme cases, prolonged sleep deprivation can induce hallucinations, memory loss and confusion all of which are also symptoms associated with schizophrenia.\"Sleep disturbances are well-documented in the disease, though often regarded as side effects and poorly understood in terms of their potential to actually trigger its symptoms,\" said Dr Ullrich Bartsch, one of the study's researchers.Using a rat model of the disease, the team's recordings showed desynchronisation of the waves of activity, which normally travel from the front to the back of the brain during deep sleep. In particular the information flow between the hippocampus \u00e2\u20ac\u201d involved in memory formation, and the frontal cortex \u00e2\u20ac\u201d involved in decision-making, appeared to be disrupted.The team's findings reported distinct irregular sleep patterns very similar to those observed in schizophrenia patients.The findings from this study provide new angles for neurocognitive therapy in schizophrenia and related psychiatric diseases.The findings were published in the journal Neuron .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17222709", "title": "Indoreans have a theft-free Diwali", "text": "INDORE: Not just the common revelers but the men in khaki too had a peaceful Diwali this year. The commercial capital of Madhya Pradesh, which otherwise tops the crime charts of India since three years, did not register even a single incident of theft on Diwali.The development holds ground in the backdrop of the series of chain snatching cases that took place in the recent past in the city.To ensure a peaceful Diwali, police personnel were deployed in large numbers in sensitive areas of the city. DIG of Indore, A Sai Manohar said that the festival went off peacefully in Indore and no incident of crime was reported. \"Not even a single incident of theft was reported on Diwali night,\" he reiterated.Though some minor incidents of tension in old Indore area were reported, timely action by the police successfully prevented any untoward incident.Police personnel from various parts of the city said that sundry crimes take place in the city during festivals specially in Diwali. \"In past years, some or the other crimes do take place in the city during festivals including Diwali, Navratri, Dussehra and Holi. This year, criminals seem to have preferred celebrating the festival with their families instead of having a field day\" said a police station in-charge requesting anonymity.Incharge of another police station said that during Diwali, most of the revelers tend to remain awake late in the night and even the houses are illuminated bright with lights. \"So there is hardly any scope for the criminals to carry out their job,\" said the cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17221315", "title": "Sacked hotel 'staffers' protest", "text": "PANAJI: A group of 200 workers whose services have been terminated by a chain of four hotels, held a protest march in Panaji on Wednesday.The workers alleged that their services were terminated by a company which owns four hotels in Benaulim, Arpora and Mobor. They said some foreigners have been recruited in their place.The workers, majority of whom are men who were working as marketing and sales employees, took a morcha from the KTC bus stand to Azad Maidan. They claim that they were fired through an email on November 3. Payments and weekly commissions were pending, said an employee who requested anonymity.\"Thirteen foreigners in the marketing department and twelve foreigners in the sales department have been brought in our place,\" he said. The terminated employees have been working for the last 5 to 10 years on an average, but some of the employees in the group have been working since the start of timeshare operations 19 years ago by the hotel chain in the state.The All India trade union Congress ( AITUC) has expressed its support for the terminated employees. Suhaas Naik, state secretary, said that the foreigners had no work visa or work permit and yet were working for the hotels.\"The tourism industry should benefit the people of Goa. But this kind of tourism, and this industry which is dispossessing Goans and bringing in foreigners, is not helping the state,\" said Naik.A delegation of the employees has submitted a memorandum to chief minister Manohar Parrikar , tourism minister Dilip Parulekar , and the state labour commissioner, asking them to intervene in the matter. An employee said that the tourism minister has assured them support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17221329", "title": "South Goa collector lays down rules for tourism business", "text": "MARGAO: In a bid to quell the dispute between tourist taxi operators and tour operators/event management companies in the coastal belt of South Goa, district collector N D Agarwal on Wednesday laid down a set of conditions for both the warring parties to ply their businesses, even as he strictly warned them against taking the law into their own hands.At a meeting chaired by him with tourist taxi operators and tour operators/event management companies, which was attended by Benaulim MLA Caitano Silva, South Goa SP Shekhar Prabudesai, Dy SP Mohan Naik, representatives of the tourism department and officials of the RTO, Agarwal said that any violations of the conditions will be viewed seriously and attract action from law enforcing agencies.Taking note of complaints from taxi operators that unauthorized tour operators were picking guests from beach hotels thereby affecting their business, Agarwal said that the tour operators/event management personnel should prominently display their identity cards at the hotels. \"The counters at the hotels should be informed about the arrivals of such coaches or private vehicles and they will not be stopped by taxi operators,\" Agarwal said.As regards allegations of overcharging by tourist taxi operators, it was decided that fares will be displayed at all the hotels, and the payment towards the taxi will be paid by the guests at the hotel counter, it was decided. As regards the demand for issuing more permits for tourist taxis, Agarwal said that any decision in that regard will be taken by the RTO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17221684", "title": "Young sports journo dies after a game of football", "text": "CHENNAI: A 35-year-old sports journalist with an English daily in the city, M Z Tanveer, died of a cardiac arrest on Wednesday. Last week, 37-year-old chef Jacob Sahaya Kumar Aruni died of a heart attack. Indians dying young of heart diseases is not uncommon anymore, say cardiologists.Tanveer, who was playing football with friends at the University Union ground, complained of uneasiness and threw up after the game. He walked to a nearby clinic where an ECG was taken and he was referred to a bigger hospital.His friends drove him to the nearby Mehta Hospital. Just as he was being wheeled into the emergency room, Tanveer collapsed. Doctors said he had a cardiac arrest and that all efforts to resuscitate him failed. He is survived by his parents, wife and an eight-month-old daughter.Tanveer covered different sports, mainly cricket, for the past five years and on Monday covered Tamil Nadu's Ranji Trophy match against Karnataka.Many young people, particularly those who are physically active and involved in active sport, are increasing dying of sudden cardiac arrest, says Dr Ulhas Pandurangi, cardiologist at Madras Medical Mission. \"It's one of the most mysterious and common killers,\" he says. A blocked artery, which squeezes on the blood flow to the heart tissues, is the main cause of heart attack. But in people who die suddenly, mostly young, it is not a clogged artery alone that starves the heart of blood.Sudden cardiac arrest occurs when the heart stops beating. This can be caused by a number of factors, including electrical abnormalities within the heart, drug abuse and effects of a previous attack. But many die young either because they don't see symptoms or ignore them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17227267", "title": "Karnataka Bank launches nationwide CASA campaign", "text": "MANGALORE: City-based private sector bank - Karnataka Bank as a major customer acquisition initiative and with an intention to take banking to door steps of general public, on Thursday launched a special Current account and Savings Bank account (CASA) campaign.Under the campaign from November 15 to February 28, 2013, bank intends to open more than 5 lakh CASA accounts by undertaking door to door canvass by its entire work force.P Jayaram Bhat, managing director and CEO of the Bank urged people to use this opportunity and open accounts with requisite KYC documents and information. The bank will also extend free of charge add-on facilities such as International VISA debit card which can be used at ATMs and merchant outlets. Internet banking, mobile banking, SMS alert facilities will also be extended free to enhance the convenience of anywhere banking facility 24x7.In addition to said facilities, current account customers like traders, MSME customers can avail point of sales services to enhance their business opportunities. The bank at present has more than 45 lakh accounts under current and savings bank category. Bank is aiming to cross 50 lakh current/savings bank customer base by March 2013. The bank which is a tech-savvy Bank is extending its services with human touch to be customer friendly, Bhat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17221741", "title": "Man thrashed in south Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A businessman was assaulted by two youths in RK Puram on Monday night after he objected to their honking and bursting firecrackers outside his shop. Fellow shopkeepers were beaten up too when they came to his help.Sanjay Kumar (39) runs an electrical fittings outlet. Kumar told police he was attending to customers when two youths on a bike stopped outside his shop, anticipating the arrival of an acquaintance, and began to honk. One of them also bursted firecrackers.When Kumar asked them to stop, they started arguing with him. The bikers soon left but returned after 15 minutes along with six-seven men armed with sticks. They barged into the shop and began to assault Kumar. The accused fled after a passerby informed a police van.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17231225", "title": "Pity that Virender Sehwag was not able to make double ton: Sunil Gavaskar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former captain Sunil Gavaskar feels opener Virender Sehwag's decision to make a departure from his 'see the ball, hit the ball' approach went a long way in helping him score his first Test century in two years, on Thursday.Sehwag smashed a run-a-ball 117 to put India in the driver's seat on day one of the first Test against England.\"'See the ball, hit the ball' - that is not quite the attitude of Test cricket. It is a wrong thing he was looking to do. Now, he played himself in, you have got to spend time in the middle,\" Gavaskar said.Gavaskar was disappointed that Sehwag could not go on to score a double hundred.\"He was pretty determined, putting his head down. It's a pity that he was not able to make a double century. That would have taken a way the game from England.\"I am disappointed, even he will be disappointed. When one gets to a century after a long time, one always likes to go on. But he has done his job. It is just a personal disappointment.\"That he has scored a century after so long means we can expect him to make a few more in not just this series but also in the season ahead,\" Gavaskar told a news channel.The last time Sehwag had scored a Test century was against South Africa in November 2010.Apart from Sehwag, Cheteshwar Pujara was the other Indian batsman to impress at the Sardar Patel stadium, remaining unbeaten on 98 at stumps.\"We all know that he has got a very good temperament. We saw that when he scored that 70 against Australia before scoring a hundred against New Zealand.\"But the real test for both batsman and bowler comes overseas and that's where he will have to show whether he is an able replacement for Rahul Dravid ,\" Gavaskar said.About Tendulkar getting out for a low score, Gavaskar said \"it's not a cause for concern\".The former captain advised the Indian bowlers to hit the right length and not be afraid of giving the ball air.\"It's going to slow down. With the second new ball, we saw that the ball was rarely going beyond the knee. If they hit the right length India might win the match in four days. They should not be afraid of tossing the ball around, that's when you can get the batsman to commit on the front foot.\"He added, \"India should look to score another 100-150 runs.\"He said the solid platform laid by the opening duo of Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir gave India the advantage.\"If the openers set a good platform, batting becomes easier. That is why India is in such a sound position.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "17221017", "title": "Slain soldier cremated", "text": "SAMBALPUR: A pall of gloom descended on Bargarh's Katapali village after the remains of the slain soldier, Ananta Das (32), who was killed in Uganda a few days ago, reached home for the last rites.The body was brought to the village from Raipur and cremated with state honours on Wednesday evening.Das had joined the Army in 2001. He had moved to Uganda, as part of the UN Indian peacekeeping force, in October. He had died on November 9 fighting the rebels. He is survived by his wife and a two-year-old son.\"It is a great loss for the district,\" said SP (Bargarh) Anup Krishna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "17222999", "title": "Woman rescued from well after 24 hours", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: A woman, who fell into a well on Monday evening was rescued on Tuesday evening after spending nearly 24 hours battling for her life. The woman was luckily spotted by some passersby, who alerted the fire and rescue personnel.Meenammal, 60, from Srivilliputhur had accidentally fallen in an agricultural well near Viswanathadas Colony on Monday evening. As people were gearing up for Diwali celebrations, no one noticed her going that way. Police said that she survived because there was less water in the well. Though she tried to call for help, no one heard her as the entire area was deserted. She stayed in the open well the entire night and the next day; holding on to the broken steps in the well and crying for help.When few passersby went that way on Tuesday evening, they found the woman inside the well. They alerted the land owner, who immediately contacted the fire and rescue services personnel. They immediately rushed to the spot and rescued her from the well. Personnel from the fire department said that Meenammal suffered injuries in her legs and was taken to hospital in an ambulance.Officials said that she is conscious and her condition is stated to be stable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17222127", "title": "Cap on cell towers near Okhla Bird Sanctuary in Noida", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17221306", "title": "Pavements in posh areas under siege", "text": "KOLKATA: A kilometre-long stretch in one of the city's most posh addresses is fast turning into a squatter zone with 19 families and 45 hawkers setting up shanties and shops between Gurusaday Road and Ballygunge Phari along either side of Gariahat Road.While new residential apartments in Ironside Road, Queen's Park, Sunny Park and other roads in the neighbourhood command a whopping Rs 18,000-20,000 per sq ft, the pavement outside is becoming increasingly difficult to negotiate as ragpickers squat opposite Modern High School and at Ballygunge Phari.Residents and pedestrians also need to be careful about cheap eateries, snack counters, tea shops, tobacco, muri and puchka vendors, cobblers and barbers that one encounters at every stride.The first bunch of shanties is bang opposite Modern High School, where five families reside. A little away, two eateries dishing out vegetarian and non-vegetarian meals for Rs 15-25 occupy the entire pavement in front of Nadia House. The tarpaulin sheets that provide cover to eateries completely obscure the heritage property from public view.As you walk down the pavement, you will encounter a series of stalls and encroachments. First, a paan shop, then a garbage dump, followed by goods dumped by a sweets shop outlet. There is a gutkha stall, one selling snacks, eggs and bread, a barber stall, a shoe-shine boy, a tea-stall and yet another snack joint, all within a 50-metre stretch, rubbing shoulders with one another.At the busy Ballygunge Phari crossing, shanties have sprung up on the footpath along the eastern flank. Families of at least six ragpickers live on the pavement in this stretch. They crowd the pavements, forcing pedestrians off the footpath on to the road that carries heavy traffic.After the lane that leads into Ballygunge Place, the pavement is encroached by several vendors - tea stall, cigarette-paan shop, shoe-shine vendor, flower stall, popcorn seller and an eatery. Thereafter, two large shanties occupy most of the footpath, forcing pedestrians on to the road again.\"We have nowhere to go and have been living here for several months now. The government should arrange for an alternative accommodation if we have to move out,\" said Gauri Barua, a pavement-dweller who works as ragpicker. Piles of collected garbage, makeshift ovens and sundry material lie strewn on the pavement.Smoke from the ovens make your eyes water, alleged local shop-owners. They pointed out that complaints to the local police station have fallen on deaf ears.\"Walking along the eastern flank of Gariahat Road at Ballygunge Phari has become a nightmare. Footpaths on either side of Ballygunge Place off Gariahat Road are completely encroached. One has no option but quit the footpath and step on to the road, risking accident on the narrow street,\" said Prabir Ghosh, a resident of Ballygunge Place.Move further towards Mukti World and one encounters six more families engaged in rag-picking. While their polythene sheet tents occupy half the wide footpath, open kitchen, plastic dump and open toilets occupy most of the rest. \"It's really difficult to walk on the footpath with so little free space and so much filth,\" said college student Ranjini Dutta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17221998", "title": "BJP raises pitch for Chhath holiday in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: With chief minister Sheila Dikshit discussing the arrangements for Chhath Puja on Wednesday, BJP made a strong pitch to woo the Poorvanchali vote bank by renewing its last year's demand for declaring a public holiday on the festival.There are over 30 lakh Poorvanchalis in Delhi as per estimates. They are seen as voters who will play a critical role in swinging the vote share in many constituencies during the 2013 assembly polls.On Wednesday, Delhi BJP president Vijender Gupta asserted that that all three BJP-led municipal corporations have passed a resolution in their respective house meetings to declare Chhath Puja a public holiday this year, and that the Dikshit-led government must also declare a public holiday on this day. It is another matter that the proposal of the municipal bodies will need the assent of lieutenant governor Tejendra Khanna, who is yet to look into the matter.Last year, too, the BJP had demanded a holiday but the Delhi government threw the rule book at them and stood its ground. Chhath is already a restricted holiday. However, this time the BJP has renewed its demand by not seeking a gazetted holiday as in last year. The ruling party in the corporations is trying its luck by seeking a public holiday in MCD offices and institutions this year.That BJP plans to corner the city government over the holiday issue means politics will rule the Chhath preparations over the next four days. In a statement issued following a meeting over Chhath on Wednesday, the CM's office emphasized that Delhi was the first state after Bihar to declare Chhath a restricted holiday in 2000. The union government declared it a restricted holiday only in 2011.In her meeting with a Poorvanchali delegation, Dikshit said her government will consider development of ghats along the disused irrigation canal in northeast Delhi. She said she had already taken up the issue of release of water with Haryana government for ghats in Delhi. She said she will be contacting the railway minister for special trains to facilitate travel of Poorvanchalis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "johor bahru (malaysia)", "code": "17230046", "title": "India enter final of Johar Cup hockey tournament", "text": "JOHOR BAHRU (Malaysia): India booked their berth in the final of the Sultan of Johar Cup hockey tournament with an impressive 3-1 victory over New Zealand on Thursday.The Indian junior men's team dominated proceedings from the outset with Mandeep Singh scoring in the 19th minute when his shot from the right beat goalkeeper Richard Joyce.Playing their fourth round-robin league match at the Taman Daya Hockey Stadium, Harjeet Singh increased the lead for India with his strike in the 27th minute while skipper Manpreet Singh made it 3-0 in the 34th minute.In the second half, Benedict Van Woerkom scored a field goal in the 48th minute to reduce the margin, but that was the only time when the New Zealanders had their say.India will now square off against hosts Malaysia in their last league match on Saturday.After four matches, India lead the points table with 10 points and remain the only undefeated team in the competition so far.India had earlier stunned defending champions Australia 2-0 and formidable Germany 3-1 before settling for a goal-less draw against arch-rivals Pakistan in their previous matches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17227062", "title": "Rajinikanth's double for Thuppakki", "text": "A R Murugadoss and Vijay are delighted with the positive response for 'Thuppaki' and isn't it wonderful for them to know that Superstar Rajinikanth watched the Diwali smash hit Vijay's AR Murgadoss directed Thuppakki, not once but twice!The director AR Murgadoss has tweeted \"Our Thalaivar Rajini sir called me and said - 'I have seen the film twice now. Fantastic job and a brilliant film'. Now I'm super happy.\"The producer of the film Kalaipuli S Thanu made arrangements for the digital screening of the film at Rajinikanth's Poes Garden residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17221947", "title": "World maritime university branch likely in India", "text": "CHENNAI: The country could soon get a branch of the World Maritime University (WMU). Talks in this regard had already begun with the International Maritime Organisation , Union shipping minister G K Vasan said on Wednesday. Vasan, addressing students at the Indian Maritime University (IMU) as part of its fourth university day, said he had talks with IMO secretary-general Koji Sekimizu.Efforts to set up a WMU branch in the country is significant as the global shipping industry is facing a slump, with hundreds of maritime graduates finding it difficult to get a job. Chennai-based IMU plans tie-ups with various international maritime universities.\"Despite the recession, there has been a growth of maritime trade in India and institutes like IMU can bridge the gap between supply and demand of sailors and merchant engineers,\" Vasan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17226681", "title": "Pesticides in fruits, veggies up cancer risk in kids", "text": "Pesticides and other poisonous chemicals used in growing fruit and vegetables could be putting young children at risk of developing cancer in later life, scientists have warned .Pre-school children are in particular danger of exposure to the dangerous compounds, the Daily Mail reported.Research leader Professor Irva Hertz-Picciotto, of California University in Davis, said: \"Contaminants get into our food in a variety of ways. They can be chemicals that have nothing to do with the food or byproducts from processing. We wanted to understand the dietary pathway pesticides, metals and other toxins take to get into the body.\"A study of 364 children - 207 of whom were under-five - found safety consumption benchmarks were exceeded for arsenic, dieldrin, DDE and dioxins.In addition more than 95 per cent of pre-school children exceeded non-cancer risk levels for acrylamide - a cooking byproduct often found in processed foods like potato and tortilla chips. Non-cancer effects include the death of cells.Pesticide exposure was particularly high in tomatoes, peaches, apples, peppers, grapes, lettuce, broccoli, strawberries, spinach, dairy, pears, green beans and celery.\"We focused on children because early exposure can have long-term effects on disease outcomes,\" study leader Dr Rainbow Vogt said.\"Currently the US Environmental Protection Agency only measures risk based on exposures of individual contaminants.\"We wanted to understand the cumulative risk from dietary contaminants. The results of this study demonstrate a need to prevent exposure to multiple toxins in young children to lower their cancer risk,\" Vogt said.Some pesticides can be removed from fruit and vegetables through washing and light scrubbing.The researchers used data from the 2007 Study of Use of Products and Exposure-Related Behaviour (SUPERB) which surveyed households in California with children between two and five to determine how their diets, and other factors, contribute to toxic exposure.Specifically SUPERB homed in on 44 foods known to have high concentrations of toxic compounds.This included the metals arsenic, lead and mercury, pesticides chlorpyrifos, permethrin and endosulfan, persistent organic pollutants dioxin, DDT , dieldrin and chlordane and the food processing byproduct acrylamide.Toxin levels in specific foods were determined through the Total Diet Study in the US that determines levels of various contaminants and nutrients in foods and other databases.Prof Hertz-Picciotto said: \"We need to be especially careful about children because they tend to be more vulnerable to many of these chemicals and their effects on the developing brain.\"The study outlines strategies to lower family exposure. For example, organic produce has lower pesticide levels.In addition, toxin types vary in different foods. Certain pesticides may be found in lettuce and broccoli, while others affect peaches and apples.Prof Hertz-Picciotto said: \"Varying our diet and our children's diet could help reduce exposure.\"\"Because different foods are treated differently at the source, dietary variation can help protect us from accumulating too much of any one toxin,\" the Professor added.The study is published in Environmental Health .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17228756", "title": "Centre keeps paramilitary forces on standby as Bal Thackeray remains critical", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as there are no specific intelligence inputs of a law and order challenge in Mumbai in the light of Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray's deteriorating health, the Centre has kept paramilitary forces on standby in Maharashtra as a precautionary measure.Government sources said Central forces on way to Gujarat for poll duty have been asked to break their journey and be on standby in Maharashtra for immediate deployment in case the situation in Mumbai and other cities in the state were to flare up.\"The Union home ministry is in constant touch with the Maharashtra DGP and is closely monitoring the developments in Mumbai,\" a senior MHA official said adding that more forces would be spared as soon as a request is made by the state.The official, however, said there were no inputs yet from the Central intelligence agencies of an immediate law and order eventuality in Mumbai. Thackeray has been ailing for last several days, and is admitted in Lilavati Hospital in Mumbai. His health is said to have taken a turn for the worse late last night.Visitors throng 'Matoshree' to see ailing ThackerayFilm, business and political personalities today made a beeline to 'Matoshree' to inquire about the health of Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray , who has been critical since last night.Apart from megastar Amitabh Bachchan, who visited the Thackerays last night, actor Salman Khan with father Salim and brother Arbaaz called on the family this afternoon.Actor-filmmaker Mahesh Manjrekar, Madhur Bhandarkar, Nana Patekar, industrialists Rahul Bajaj and Venugopal Dhoot , BJP president Nitin Gadkari, leader of opposition in legislative council Vinod Tawde were prominent among those who visited the Sena leader.Also, thousands of Shiv Sainiks and well-wishers continued to assemble outside Thackeray's residence in suburban Bandra since yesterday after news spread about his failing health.Earlier this morning, NCP president and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar reached Matoshree to inquire about the Sena chief''s condition.( With inputs from PTI )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17223244", "title": "Assaulted by men of her caste, girl ends life", "text": "BANGALORE: Suspected moral policing has claimed the life of a girl on the outskirts of Bangalore.The 19-year-old girl allegedly committed suicide after she was harassed and assaulted by four men of her caste for talking to a youth from another community at Narasimhanahalli , Doddaballpur taluk on Tuesday evening.The victim, V Yashoda, a garment factory employee, hanged herself from a tree in the village after she was assaulted for talking to the youth, police said. The quartet was allegedly teasing and ragging the girl regularly, they added.However, the girl's father, Venkataramana, has filed a complaint of rape and murder against the four men.Yashoda was working with the four, Narasimhamurthy, Narasimha, Gangaraju and Pradeep, all in their early 20s, in the same garment factory. They all were residing in the same neighbourhood.\"The four men made a laughing stock of her in the village. She was again teased on Tuesday morning. She picked up an argument with the men,\" a police officer said.Later, the four men spotted Yashoda talking to the youth. They assaulted her in front of the entire village. Following the disgrace in front of others in the village, the girl hanged herself from a tree, the officer said.\"Narasimhamurthy, Narasimha, Gangaraju and Pradeep are absconding. The girl's father has lodged a complaint of alleged rape and murder against the four but we have taken a case under section 306 IPC (abetment to commit suicide ),\" said Bangalore Rural district additional superintendent of police N Nagaraj.He said only a thorough investigation will reveal the actual motive of the assailants or whether there was a case as alleged by Yashoda's father.A manhunt has been launched for the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17222438", "title": "Congress conclave in Akola on Saturday", "text": "NAGPUR: The state Congress has decided to go whole hog with preparations for the 2014 elections - both to the state Vidhan Sabha as well as Lok Sabha . The first such event will be held in Akola on November 17.\"In order to mobilize party workers and spread awareness about the policies of the Centre, state and the Congress, we will hold divisional-level conclaves starting with one for Amravati division on Saturday,\" MPCC president Manikrao Thakre announced in Mumbai. It will be followed with the one at Nandurbar in north Maharashtra in last week of November.At the Akola concave, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan will be felicitated for successfully completing two years in office. AICC in-charge Mohan Prakash, general secretary Mukul Wasnik, will be present. Office-bearers and prominent party workers from Amravati, Akola, Washim, Buldhana and Yavatmal are expected to be present at the conclave, said Thakre. The divisional conclaves are seen as a major effort to strengthen party organization.Interestingly, the party has chosen western Vidarbha as the venue for first conclave. Its ruling partner NCP has the least influence in this region. The NCP and Congress are engaged in a tough tussle to increase their presence in every region. Despite the friction between the two, Chavan has come out with a statement that the two parties would go hand-in-hand in the 2014 elections. Earlier this year, the NCP had tied up with BJP-Sena to share power in several local bodies in the state, especially in Vidarbha raising doubts on continuity of their alliance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17222458", "title": "Bharati on mission to douse party fire?", "text": "NAGPUR: BJP's firebrand leader Uma Bharati visited the city on Wednesday and met RSS leaders. The meeting lasted for over an hour. She also called on Nitin Gadkari . Later, she visited RSS ideologue M G Vaidya, who has kicked off fresh controversy by pitting Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi against Gadkari in his Marathi blogspot.She didn't acknowledge meeting the RSS leaders at their Mahal headquarters or Gadkari. She also refused to reveal what transpired at these secret meetings. However, she said that her visit to Vaidya was nothing more than a \"daughter visiting her father during festive times to seek blessings\".Uma Bharati, might have family ties with Vaidya, but her visit to the city has triggered strong speculations that it had more to do with Gadkari's present predicament.Bharati has already expressed her support to Gadkari, who is facing serious charges of heading a muddled business empire. She may play an important role in mending the broken bridges with Modi and Advani, as she enjoys good rapport with them.Incidentally, Gadkari was instrumental in facilitating her return to BJP last year. He also appointed her as the in-charge of Uttar Pradesh election campaign early this year after she spent a couple of years in political wilderness. Bharati has good support in RSS and keeps in regular touch with the Sangh top brass.Vaidya through his blog has pointed out that all is not well in BJP and hence may have stated the obvious. But by pitting Gadkari against Modi he may have invited fresh trouble for the party and also the former, say political observers here. While formal denials have been proffered by all quarters concerned except Modi, there is speculation now that Bharati may be pressed into service to limit the damage in view of the state elections in Gujarat few days away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17226637", "title": "I think I'm in love with Rebel Wilson, jokes Zac Efron", "text": "Zac Efron , who earlier this year couldn't stop raving about his 'The Paperboy' co-star Nicole Kidman , has now declared his love for Rebel Wilson.The 25-year-old actor, and the 'Bachelorette' star, 26, attended the Los Angeles Lakers game on Tuesday and shared couple of sweet tweets and funny photos from the game , Us magazine reported.Efron even posted a photograph of himself kissing Wilson's cheek on his WhoSay account.\"She's a Laker fan too?\" he wrote in the caption.\"I think I'm in love,\" he wrote.Wilson wrote during the halftime, \"Hanging with main man Zac, freestyle rapping, etc.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17223227", "title": "Three more 'bal bhawans' to come up", "text": "PATNA: Children's Day witnessed efflorescence of creative instinct of the city's children in creative arts and scientific innovations.The children, mostly belonging to the underprivileged class, displayed their creativity at a function at the Bihar Bal Bhavan. They delivered their best at the cultural programme organized at a multidimensional stage having song and light facilities that added colour to their dance, ballets and other performances. The programme started with a 'bhajan' and transformed into ballet performed by 62 children who danced to the tune of \"Bharat mujhko jaan se pyara hai\".Appreciating the talent, state education minister PK Sahi said three branches of the Bihar Bal Bhavan would be opened at Gaya, Bhagalpur and Darbhanga to get the best out of children there. \"In future, such 'bal bhavans' will dot the entire state,\" he said.Sahi distributed Bihar Balshree awards for creative demonstrative art to Manish Kumar and Muskan Manjari, for creative scientific innovation to Abhipriya Anshu and Hashit Bharti, for creative art to Abhishant Kumar and Lavanya Priya and for creative writing to Sudhakar Ravi and Yash Ranjan Sinha.Other highlights of the programme included the release of a book on photographs captioned 'Apna Patna' in which select photographs shot by Bal Bhawan children have been published.At another function organized by Bihar Pradesh Congress Committee at Sadaqat Ashram to celebrate the birth anniversary of former PM Jawaharlal Nehru , BPCC president Chaudhary Mehboob Ali Kaiser recounted Nehru's role in making India a modern nation and his role in non-aligned movement. At a seminar at the Manavadhikar Sanrakshan Sansthan, former CM Jagannath Mishra recounted the contribution of Nehru in the national development. The Believers Church, Patna Diocese, distributed gifts to needy children at a programme chaired by Bishop M A Lalchan and attended by, among others, Digha MLA Poonam Devi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17222193", "title": "Govt ITI will come up near Belur industrial area", "text": "DHARWAD: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar laid the foundation stone for the construction of government ITI at Mummigatti near Dharwad on Tuesday.The CM said the ITI will come up on 4.5 acres of land. The new ITI will be a two-storey building and will have state-of-the-art facility. A total of Rs 1.91 crore is being spent for its construction, he added. The ITI will have classrooms, library, reading room, record room, principal's chamber, staff room, kitchen, store room, dining hall and generator room.Shettar said, this area is ideally located to construct ITI as Belur industrial area is located within two kilometers. It will help students visit the industries and gain practical knowledge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17221542", "title": "Auto drivers' gesture to sisters in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: While city autorickshaw drivers are known for their rude behaviour and charging exorbitant fares from commuters, a group of auto drivers have decided to provide free service to women passengers on Wednesday on the occasion of Bhai Dooj.The festival of Bhai Dooj comes after Diwali where sisters pray for the long lives of their brothers. Married sisters visit their brothers' homes on this occasion.This idea is a brainchild of auto driver Rajesh Pradhan who ferries passengers from HUDA City Centre Metro Station. He used to be the president of the pink autorickshaw drivers' association. The pink auto service was launched by the Gurgaon police exclusively for women commuters but it became a failed scheme that could not be sustained for a long time.Pradhan said he wanted to do something for sisters as compensation for non-availability of the exclusive service.Pradhan said he got inspiration from a cycle-rickshaw puller in Old Gurgaon who offered free service to women passengers on the day of Raksha Bandhan.\"I thought if he can do it, why can't I. initially, I thought I would do it alone, but surprisingly three of my friends also agreed to do so when I told them about it,\" he said.Besides Pradhan (9899465966), names of three other drivers are Phool Singh (9910874310), Rameshwar (9910761839) and Govind (9899590793).The free service will be available between 10am and 4pm for any place in New Gurgaon. These auto drivers can be contacted on their mobile phone numbers. They will also provide pick and drop service. Rameshwar said, \"We will do this service in the future as well and try to involve many more drivers in this cause.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17223283", "title": "No kidding, it's time to change lifestyle", "text": "PATNA: Children are increasingly falling victim to lifestyle diseases with incidence of diabetes, hypertension, depression, obesity , thyroid and joint problems in under-18 males and females rising considerably in recent past.Paediatricians across the country are worried about these lifestyle diseases which they attribute to lack of physical activity among the GenNext children. Indulging in junk food, addiction to television and aversion to outdoor activities are reasons why they are developing these disorders, say doctors. \"Cases of Type-1 diabetes in as young as 3 to 5-year-olds are not very infrequent these days,\" says paediatrician Arun Thakur.Counsellor Varsha Singh is worried over the rise in cases of suicide due to underperformance in examinations. Anxieties, depression, worries about looks and food fads are also issues that children come up with these days, she says. \"We tell children not to hide anything from friends and parents even as we suggest gradual lifestyle changes such as limiting chats on the internet and cellphones as measures to overcome psychological traumas,\" she says and adds she and other counsellors also counsel parents to be friendly with their children so as to make them feel comfortable in sharing secrets.Even a hitherto old-age disease of joint problems is afflicting many teenagers now. \"Back pain and leg pain are quite common among children these days,\" says Indian Orthopaedic Association's Bihar chapter president Dr Amulya Kumar Singh. According to him, lack of nutritious diet intake, heavy backpacks and aversion to outdoor games as well as physical exercises are the culprits. \"In families where both the parents are working, the parents are not able to spend quality time with their offspring which also leads to physical and psychological troubles among children,\" says the orthopaedic surgeon.Even eye problems are not rare in children. \"There has been an increase in cases related to refractive error over the past few years,\" ophthalmologist Subhash Prasad says. Most of the schools now have compulsory medical check-up for students which leads to early detection of eye disorders. \"We prescribe vitamin A-rich diet that can include papaya and carrots. We also recommend children to limit viewing TV and working on computers to one hour,\" Dr Prasad says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17227283", "title": "Eat handful of walnuts a day to keep cardiovascular disease away", "text": "BANGALORE: A meta-analysis published in the recent issue of the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition evaluates how the plant-based omega-3 fatty acid alpha-linolenic acid (ALA) offers protective effects on cardiovascular diseases (CVD). The study found ALA to be associated with a lower risk of CVD, particularly coronary heart disease (CHD) death. These findings support the potential heart health benefits of ALA and suggest consumers should obtain adequate amounts of ALA in their diets.Walnuts are a key source of ALA and the only nut that provides a meaningful amount of the essential plant-based omega-3 fatty acid offering 2.5 grams of ALA in a mere handful quantity.This systematic review incorporated 27 original studies and included 251,049 individuals and found that overall ALA exposure was associated with lower risk of CVD. In fact, in the pooled dietary analysis, each 1 gram per day increment of ALA intake was associated with a 10% lower risk of CHD death. Previously, the majority of research funding of omega-3 fatty acids have been directed towards marine sources, however recently increased attention has been given to its plant-based counterpart ALA, and has been suggesting that ALA consumption also offer cardiovascular benefits. The researchers believe that there may be a direct or indirect antiarrythmic effect of ALA that could partially explain why ALA appeared protective against CHD. Previous studies have found ALA consumption may lower cholesterol levels, positively affect thrombosis, improve endothelial function and decrease inflammation.The type of omega-3s found in walnuts and other plant sources are different from the type of omega-3s found in fish. According to Penny Kris-Etherton, Distinguished Professor of Nutrition at The Pennsylvania State University , consumers need to understand the nutritional benefits of plant-based omega-3 fatty acids. She notes that \"research is showing that the effects of ALA may have unique and independent benefits important to our well being.\"The Institute of Medicine (IOM), which establishes nutrient requirements, recommends that people should consume 1.1 to 1.6 grams a day of ALA which can easily be attained. \"Eating a handful of walnuts, for example, is a great way to boost your ALA intake. In just a handful, or ounce of walnuts you get well over the amount of ALA recommended by the IOM, not to mention a whole host of additional nutrients,\" said Dr Kris-Etherton.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17227762", "title": "The man without legs", "text": "It is a difference of haves and have-nots. Affordability and luxury. Aspirations. Means to achieve them. Or factors that crush them.We live in a captalistic jungle, where money not only talks but rules, exploits and decides the system of justice. And awaiting justice in this web are millions of people. It is not a story of one person, but many who look up at their rulers and then look down in shame. It is the everyday happenings that have driven many to desperation and hopelessness. Its is the daily denial of basic rights that has led them to become angry.People who won't mind severing a head or silently watch someone else do it, because their hopelessness has made them believe that this is the way of life.People who now have started to learn that it is chaos that drives the point home. They have started to disbelieve in their very roots. Disbelieving the ways of a Mahatma. To witness this hopelessness you don't have to go very far. It's right there at a bus stop, or your department store or even outside you very homes.My account of an apathetic tale starts on a Wednesday afternoon, when Central Delhi saw an abrupt traffic jam with buses halting suddenly, without any \"visible\" reason.It was 3pm that day, a fellow reporter and I were taking a break from a long reporting schedule. We had eaten a plate full of sumptuous North Indian food and were lethargically digesting it, slouching on our chairs.Soon our attention was diverted to the constant honking in the vicinity. Had it not been the cacophony I don't think we would've even paid attention to the ruckus brewing right next to us.But in the last half an hour buses had come to a halt, parked one after another, honking at what had been an obstruction on their route. Our first instinct was that a major accident had occurred. Thus my friend and I rushed to see what was wrong. But what we saw and later registered will be a tale of apathy I will remember for a long time.Sitting in the middle of the street in front of the queued up buses was a tiny man, shouting. He was angry, shivering with rage and yet desperate in his plea. \"I want to sit in the bus. 458. 458,\" was the man shouting. \"I will not move till that bus comes,\" he yelled.Bus drivers, conductors, passengers all got down from buses trying to convince him to move. But nothing made the man in ragged clothes budge. They tried dodging him by steering towards the left, but failed. And the man determined to get on to bus number 458 refused to move, despite coaxing, admonishing and pleading from the passengers.When my friend and I tried to reason with him, he'd respond, \"I don't want money. I just want to go home. People come and throw coins at me thinking I am a beggar. But no one helps me,\" he said. For a second it took me to register why the man needed help, and then the truth came crashing upon me.The man had no legs. He was not a tiny man, but a man without his lower limbs. He was not sitting on the road but standing and protesting in the way it was possible for him. He was not begging at bus stop, but asking for help. And what he got in return was, coins and abuses thrown at him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17223644", "title": "A celebration in every community", "text": "LUDHIANA: The love between a brother and sister cannot be described in words, but every culture tries to frame the feeling in a set of rituals. Bhai Dooj for instance, is an expression of this bond and every culture has given it a unique flavour that enriches the essence without distorting it.Bhai Bij, or Bhai Dooj as it is known as in Gujarat, starts with an 'aarti.' Thereafter, women apply 'tilak' to their brothers' foreheads and offer them 'rabri' or other Gujrati sweets. If the sisters are married, their brothers visit them and bask in the attention that is showered upon them. In that case, the highlight of the celebration is the feast comprising delicacies like 'Methi Thepla', 'Khandwi' and 'Dhokla.' Rice is the staple.Explaining the history of the festival, 35-year-old Sheetal Kanadia of Civil Lines said, \"Back in Gujarat, the brother and sister take bath. Then, a block of iron is rolled into a black cloth. Both the siblings throw the piece of metal in front of the 'Yamaraj' temple, asking him to stay away from the brother, which is believed ensure long life for the brother.\"Meanwhile, the Bengali community is making preparations for 'Bhai Phota'. Fifty-year-old Shampa Bannerjee of Bhai Himmat Singh Nagar said they have made alterations in celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17231986", "title": "All death sentences might not be converted into life imprisonment for Pakistan prisoners", "text": "AMRITSAR: Danger still looms large for the Indian condemned prisoners Sarabjit Singh and Kirpal Singh, both lodged in Kot Lakhpat jail, after Pakistan government executed a prisoner in Mianwali jail on Thursday morning amidst reports of consideration of the possibility of commuting all death sentences into life imprisonment. Pakistan's former federal minister for human rights Ansar Burney told TOI over phone from Dubai on Thursday that Mohommad Hussain, an army soldier who was sentenced to death in 2009 for allegedly killing his senior officer Hawaldar Khadim Khan in 2008 was executed in Mianwali jail on Thursday morning.\"It is a worrisome issue especially when these prisoners have been given some hope to live and I am going to file a fresh appeal to President of Pakistan for saving lives of Sarabjit Singh, Kirpal Singh and others waiting to be hanged\" he said. He wondered how could Pakistan government hang a man after it had given him a hope to live by announcing to consider over commuting death sentences into life imprisonment. \"It is a murder by government \" he said. Burney, who is also former United Nations expert advisor on human rights and chairman Ansar Burney Trust International said that Hussain was hanged by Mianwali authorities after rejection of his mercy petition from President Asif Ali Zardari and Army Chief General Ashfaq Parvez Kayani . He said that former prime minister of Pakistan , Yousuf Raza Geelani has made announcement during his address to the National Assembly on the 21st of June 2008 that his government would soon forward a proposal to the Presidency to convert all death sentences into life imprisonment.Burney informed that in the month of July , 2012, Pakistan President's office had issued a notice to various ministries including justice and parliamentary affairs, law, defence, interior besides chief secretaries of all the provinces to give their views on possibility of commuting all death sentences into life imprisonment. He informed there were around 7500 prisoners condemned to death including women and children in Pak jails. \"As a humanitarian gesture Pakistan government should immediately convert death sentences into life imprisonment as after hanging of Hussain there must be a gruesome fear in the hearts of other waiting to be hanged\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17225476", "title": "Don't want to be an actress forever: Anushka Sharma", "text": "Actress Anushka Sharma is pursuing a practical approach when it comes to Bollywood , saying acting is not the only thing she wants to do in her life and stardom is just a fleeting phase.Her recent release is late filmmaker Yash Chopra's directorial venture Jab Tak Hai Jaan opposite Shah Rukh and Katrina Kaif . The film received grand opening in cinema houses upon its release on November 13.\"I think 10-15 years down the line I would not want to remain an actress. Probably I will be married and driving my kids to school. Appreciation is obviously nice. Our profession is such that it puts us in a trance while working and then we don't realise what all we can do,\" the 24-year-old told.The 24-year-old, who won awards for her performances in films like Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi and Band Baaja Baraat , says does not get carried away by stardom.\"Stardom is nice but because I am an outsider in the industry, I don't want to get sucked into this too much. I have this sense of practicality that this is temporary,\" she said.Anushka says she is well aware of the fact that success is not permanent in film industry.\"I think right now I am getting many offers because my films have done well. But it's not going to be an ongoing process. I don't want to get delusional about where I am. I keep a constant check by saying that this isn't my entire life,\" the actress said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17222567", "title": "Avarepura gets green anti-poaching unit", "text": "MYSORE: Field staff patrolling the tiger sanctuary at Bandipur can look forward to better living conditions helping them to focus on their all-important job of conservation of big cats.The anti-poaching unit at Avarepura in Bandipur tiger reserve boasts of basic minimum facilities like toilet and drinking water. What's more, it is an eco-friendly and renewable energy-based module. Sometime back when the anti-poaching camp at Avarepura in Maleyur range bordering HD Kote and Nanjangud taluks in Mysore was damaged by wild jumbos, the forest officials planned to get it fixed.This area, bordering villages, is vulnerable to poaching. It was at this time that the Mysore-based Voice for Wildlife Trust hit upon the idea of building an eco-friendly anti-poaching unit that is sustainable too. That led to the construction of the unit which uses fuel-efficient biomass stoves for cooking purpose, KS Sudhir of the Voice for Wildlife Trust told TOI.The unit, built at a cost of Rs 8.80 lakh, has a kitchen, toilet and bathroom along with a room and a portico. It is designed to accommodate six staff members at a time but can stretch to house 15 persons, Sudhir said.The city-based conservationists designed the unit, Aranyaka, and got the city's premier National Institution of Engineering's Centre for Renewable Energy and Sustainable Technologies (CREST) to implement it. The NIE-CREST used local soil and sand to prepare mud blocks which form the building blocks of the structure, which is shorn of plastering except for 3 feet from the ground to weather the rainfall. The mud blocks are sun-cured and extend thermal comfort inside the unit, the NIE-CREST director S Shamsundar explained. Solar energy is used with a provision for walkie-talkie charger for uninterrupted power supply.It has adopted rainwater harvesting and has stored 40,000 litres, which takes care of the water needs for four months. Earlier, the staff used to fetch water from a water source nearby. A fireplace is built at a corner. This is because the tribals who are employed always feel safe with fire around them and also to keep the unit warm during harsh weather conditions, Sudhir, who has the experience of staying at the anti-poaching camps during tiger and elephant census, explained.A wildlife activist with years of field experience in tiger conservation said the project is good. \"Staff need facilities too. But often what we have noticed is that the field staff don't do their job properly. Monitoring them is crucial,\" the activist, who did not wish to be named, stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17223653", "title": "It was a day of prayer for industrialists", "text": "LUDHIANA: Vishwakarma Day was celebrated with much devotion by industrialists here, who, along with the workers, worshiped equipment and machinery at their units.Ranjodh Singh, a resident of BRS Nagar who is managing director of G S Radiators, said he started his day by paying obeisance at the Vishwakarma temple, the oldest temple of the community in the city. \"We offered prayers at our factory and then together with the workers we worshiped the equipment and machinery that is used by us. We then distributed 'prasad' to all the workers,\" he added.Rajesh, CEO of Naren International and a resident of Model Town said he, along with his wife Preeti and sons Naren and Krish, went to his factory.\"There we along with our workers worshiped the machines. It is a very important day for us as Lord Vishwakarma is the lord of creativity, architecture and all kinds of engineering. I took my sons along so that they learn the importance of the day and how to celebrate it right,\" smiled Rajesh.A function was organized by Baba Vishwakarma International Foundation at the grain market on Gill Road which was attended by members of the business community. Some prominent people, including renowned poet Surjit Patar, Sardar Panchi and folk singer Surinder Chhinda, were honoured with the Vishwakarma Ratan Award at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17221976", "title": "Now, a mobile lab to test quality of drinking water", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A mobile water quality testing lab of the centre for water resources development and management (CWRDM), Kozhikode will start operating in the state in a month's time. The Rs 30-lakh (estimated) project is being funded by the Kerala water resources department.The air-conditioned facility, the first of its kind in the state, will analyze water samples in 65 identified locations prone to water pollution in the districts of Palakkad, Thiruvananthapuram and Alappuzha in the initial phase.The installation of equipment such as pH meter, incubator, mini fridge and water quality photometer in the lab is being carried out at the CWRDM.The CWRDM will issue a water card -- an analytical report of the water sample taken -- to take remedial measures to minimize contamination. The lab will test standard parameters of substances like sulphate, nitrate, fluoride, as well as turbidity, PH value, hardness, iron content, dissolved solids, copper content, colour and bacterial content in both ground and surface water. Two CWRDM employees will be appointed to conduct the tests.Dr P S Harikumar, head, water quality division in CWRDM, said the test results would be issued in a day or two after collecting samples.\"We also plan to conduct awareness classes on the importance of water quality at the time of collecting samples. Random tests will be conducted in the six districts of Malabar,\" said Dr Harikumar.\"The tests will help improve the quality of drinking water as 70 per cent of the open wells in the region are contaminated. In Kozhikode district, water contamination has been noticed in some wards of the corporation, areas surrounding the medical college hospital, Kottuli and low-lying areas,\" he said.\"In the second phase, we plan to conduct tests with the help of local self-government bodies as many public representatives have approached us for the purpose,\" he said.Meanwhile, additional district medical officer Dr M K Appunny said people caught water-borne diseases because they consumed contaminated water. \"Dysentery, cholera, typhoid, hepatitis -A are common diseases caused by contaminated water,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17223628", "title": "Mock interaction sessions keep parents busy", "text": "LUDHIANA: It has been a busy week for Ajay and Sonika Arora, residents of Sunder Nagar. After their child's nursery admission forms, preparation for \"interaction sessions\" is consuming most of their time. As for it, the couple is visiting their kid's play school to take coaching and attend mock sessions.Schools opted for interaction sessions as one of the criteria for nursery admissions after the Supreme Court ruled against parents' interview in 2007.With the admission forms being issued in the beginning of November, schools will soon come out with the list of kids eligible for the session. Ruchika Arora, principal of Cherubs Play School, Dugri, said, \"After the admission forms are submitted, schools organize interaction sessions for parents.It can focus on their educational qualifications or their willingness for their child's education. At times, parents get quite nervous. And so to prepare them for it, we are holding mock sessions.\" Charul Chowdhary, principal of Cherry Lane Play School, BRS Nagar, said, \"Around 150 students from our school will sit for admission this year. We are conducting mock parent-teacher interaction session every week to familiarize them with the process.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "17221097", "title": "Devotees flock to see chained Kali", "text": "KEONJHAR: Like every year, the Kali Puja at the 800-year-old Siddha Kali temple in old Keonjhar town attracted a huge number of devotees on Tuesday. Situated at the foot of Gandhamardan hills and surrounded by forests, the temple offers an ambience that suits the mystery and eeriness that one associates with goddess Kali.\"Devotees, from far and near, come here and pray to the goddess for fulfilment of their desire,\" said Sanjay Tripathy, a priest of the temple. Priests on Tuesday night performed yagna and chanted from the \"Chandi\".A researcher said 'Siddha Matha' was a place for practising tantra. Legend has it that kings used to visit the temple before setting out on hunting expeditions. The lower part of the idol, which looks like a skeleton and made of granite stone, is embedded in the ground. The idol has ten hands, nine of which carries a weapon, and one carries the head of a man. Shiva is worshipped here as \"Mahakal\" or \"Kaleshwar\".According to myths, once a saint had chained the idol to prevent it from moving out of the temple and also protect people from the fury of the goddess. Since then, the idol is chained to the walls of the temple. Even to this day, devotees fear to enter the temple and some of them offer puja through a window which is kept open round the year.Despite its popularity, locals said the government had paid little attention to the upkeep of the place. While the natural surrounding is fast deteriorating, no special measure has been taken to preserve the structure either.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17221089", "title": "Ganjam cop succumbs to poison", "text": "Berhampur: A police inspector, who had consumed pesticide to commit suicide, died at MKCG Medical College and Hospital here on Wednesday.Police said Rajendra Panda, an inspector with the district crime record bureau in Ganjam, had been battling for life ever since he was brought to the hospital on October 6. \"We have handed over the body to the bereaved family after postmortem,\" said Berhampur SDPO BK Panigrahi.According to police, Panda had consumed poison in a hotel room in Berhampur.The reason behind Panda's suicide was not known immediately, police said. Panda was deputed to the Aska police station about a month ago as an additional inspector. He, however, did not report for duty there and was on sick leave ever since, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17231424", "title": "Rahul Gandhi to head Congress coordination panel for 2014 Lok Sabha polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a move signalling his larger role in the party, Rahul Gandhi was today made the head of the Congress coordination committee for 2014 Lok Sabha polls.Senior leaders Ahmed Patel, Janardan Dwivedi, Digvijaya Singh, Madhusudan Mistry and Jairam Ramesh are the members of the election coordination committee headed by Gandhi, AICC general secretary Janardan Dwivedi announced.He also announced the setting up of three sub-groups, including one on the key issue of pre-poll alliances, which will be headed by senior leader A K Antony.The defence minister is also chairing the sub-group on manifesto and government programmes while Digvijaya Singh heads the communication and publicity sub-group.\"As announced by Congress president Sonia Gandhi in the Sanvad Baithak at Surajkund, she has constituted an election coordination committee and three sub-groups keeping in view the Lok Sabha elections to be held in 2014\", Dwivedi, who is also AICC media department chairperson, said.The move to make 42-year-old Rahul Gandhi head of the election coordination committee is indicative of his growing profile in the party ahead of 2014 Lok Sabha poll and is being seen as a precursor to his projection as the party's face in the coming electoral battle.Other members of the pre-poll alliances sub-group are M Veerappa Moily, Mukul Wasnik, Suresh Pachouri, Jitendra Singh and Mohan Prakash.The manifesto and government programmes sub group, also headed by Antony, has P Chidambaram, Sushil Kumar Shinde , Anand Sharma, Salman Khurshid , Sandeep Dikshit, Ajit Jogi, Renuka Chowdhary and P L Punia as members. The committee also has Mohan Gopal, who is an expert, as a special invitee.The communications and publicity sub-group, chaired by Digvijaya, has former I&B; minister Ambika Soni , her successor Manish Tewari, Deepender Hooda, Jyotiraditya Scindia , Rajiv Shukla and Bhakta Charan Das as members.Announcing the setting up of a coordination group and sub-groups with specific tasks at the party's Samvad Baithak on November 9 at Surajkund, Gandhi had said that \"with a year and half left for the Lok Sabha elections, both party and government will have to work cohesively together to ensure that we secure a renewed mandate\".The announcement came days after it became known that the party's Chintan Shivir is likely to be held at Jaipur in mid January in which the issue of alliances as also the strategy for the 2014 polls is expected to take a concrete shape.With the result of the Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh assembly elections to be out by this yearend, next year will witness a series of assembly polls including in Madhya Pradesh, Chhattishgarh, Rajasthan and Delhi ahead of the Lok Sabha polls.A reshuffle of AICC secretariat is likely within a week, which could also see the announcement of some new designation for Rahul Gandhi who is already considered number 2 in the party.At the day-long Surajkund meeting, Sonia Gandhi had made it clear that there was a need for better coordination and understanding between the party and the government.Concerned over the adverse political fall-out of the economic reform measures and a series of scams, she had asked the party and the government to pull their socks up to get a renewed mandate in the next general elections.The government was given a clear message by Gandhi that it is the party that brings it to power and those in the government should understand the difficulties of the organisation.The meeting had also reviewed the implementation of the promises made in the manifesto for 2009 Lok Sabha elections. Speaking in the meeting, Antony was learnt to have stressed that the party should not be seen drifting away from its 'Aaam Aadmi' plank.Digvijaya Singh had raised concerns over lack of party presence on the new media while a number of leaders, including Manish Tewari, had talked about the need to aggresively counter the negative campaign against the government in all media. Both Singh and Tewari have been given responsibilities in the Communications and Publicity Sub-Group. Digvijay is also a member in the Co-Ordination Committee headed by Rahul.Antony, who heads two sub-groups including on pre-poll alliances, had been the chief minister of Kerala, which has seen the Congress in the alliance mode for a long time under the banner of United Democratic Front.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17222628", "title": "First lonely &amp; 'homeless' planet found", "text": "WASHINGTON: Astronomers for the first time have discovered a young \"homeless planet\", up to seven times the size of Jupiter and with no gravitational ties. The lonely planet , called CFBDSIR2149 at the moment does not orbit a star. It is the first isolated planet of its kind ever to be discovered by scientists, after more than a decade of searching in a process described as looking for a single needle in amongst thousands of haystacks.\"Although theorists had established the existence of this type of very cold and young planet, one had never been observed until today,\" said Etienne Artigau, an astrophysicist at University of Montreal (UdeM). The absence of a shining star in the vicinity of this planet enabled the team to study its atmosphere in detail.Free-floating planets are planetary-mass objects that have no gravitational link to a star. \"Over past few years, several objects of this type have been identified, but their existence could not be established without scientific confirmation of their age,\" said a doctoral student of physics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17226760", "title": "Rehaan Roy in Savdhaan India", "text": "Life OK's Savdhaan India- India Fights Back, Delhi special episodes will unveil some horrifying and cruel criminal incidents that shook the capital city.The special episodes also mark the comeback of small screen's favourite bahu Smriti Irani aka Tulsi who will host these episodes.The latest development from the show is that the makers of the show (Endemol) have finalized Rehaan Roy of 'Sajda' fame to play a pivotal role in one of the episodes.Sources inform that the episode will revolve around an innocent college going student Abhay played by Rehaan Roy. Abhay gets murdered by his friends and his family then decides to fight back to get justice for their son.When contacted, Rehaan Roy said, \"Yes, I'm doing one of the stories of Savdhaan India where I will be playing the main lead. I am getting to play a complete positive and innocent character after a long time. And when this offer came my way, I just grabbed it with both my hands.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17229122", "title": "Raj Pippala was a line producer", "text": "Director Raj Pippala used to work in Minnesota, USA. His hobby was to shoot music videos and later did professional ads for Levis, Adidas, Liril (India) etc.He went to LA to do ads and got in touch with Nagarjuna, who invited Raj Pippala to be the part of the Canada shoot of his film Aakasa Veedhilo. He was the line producer for the Canada schedule and later resigned his job and started writing scripts for Telugu movies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "cuddalore", "code": "17223108", "title": "Section 144 to fight dengue in TN district", "text": "CUDDALORE: Cuddalore district authorities imposed prohibitory orders to book people and institutions disposing waste in public places in an effort to prevent dengue outbreak. The order, which came into force from Sunday, will continue for the next two months. It is a first such move by a Tamil Nadu district.The cases of dengue have gone up four fold in the state, which recorded 8,482 cases and 54 deaths in 2012 as against 2,501 cases and nine deaths in 2011. In Cuddalore, district collector Rajendra Ratnoo warned that individuals and organizations willfully disobeying the prohibitory order would be booked under IPC sections 188, 269 and 270 for disobedience, negligent and malignant act likely to spread infection of disease dangerous to life. If convicted, the violators will be imprisoned for a term that may extend from six months to two years with or without fine, which may extend to Rs 1,000.Ratnoo said 111 teams have been constituted to enforce the prohibitory orders and book the violators. Each team comprises three members, one each from health, revenue and police departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17222524", "title": "DCP will now investigate sexual harassment case", "text": "MYSORE: Deputy commissioner of police KP Beemaiah will now investigate the sexual harassment case in which University of Mysore vice-chancellor VG Talawar has been accused of laxity in attending to the complaint.Assistant Commissioner of Police Narasimharaja was the investigating officer earlier. It has now been tasked to the DCP (Crime), according to police commissioner KL Sudheer.This comes amidst research scholar R Saritha's plan to move the high court accusing the Mysore cops of contempt of court. Her husband DR Vijayakumar, who is fighting the case, said the Mysore police are unresponsive and are not updating them about the progress of the investigation.\"In June, the high court had vacated a stay on the investigation into the role of Talawar and asked the police to complete the probe within two months. The cops later asked for another month, which was granted. But it is six months since the cops have been asked to probe against the VC. We're planning to move the high court,\" Vijaykumar told TOI.Saritha had accused Talawar of laxity in attending to her complaint against her guide, which, she told the police, had pushed her to attempt suicide in March, 2011. The Jayalakshmipuram cops have booked the case based on her statement.When contacted, police commissioner Sudheer said the probe was on and on track. He said: \"We're investigating into it and the case is handed over to the DCP.\" He denied any laxity in the probe. Beemaiah refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17223077", "title": "4 days after paper leak, PGI Chandigarh director talks reform", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Four days after the MD/MS entrance examination paper leak in PGIMER, the institute director, Yogesh Chawla, finally broke his silence on the issue on Wednesday. In an exclusive interaction with TOI, he declared his intent to bring about reforms in the invigilation system and spoke about introducing an open book examination.This comes in the wake of TOI pointing out chinks in the premier institute's method of conducting the examination that led to seven decoy candidates walking into a centre with their mobiles and earphones, and how invigilators failed to spot their brazen act of scanning question papers.Chawla said, \"We will install jammers and have a flying squad team to prevent copying or any fraudulent practice in the future. We are mulling over launching an open book exam as is the case in the US. It is an online exam and it is not possible to copy due to paucity of time.\"Initially, the PGI authorities had patted themselves on the back for tipping off the CBI about the hitech cheating plan and even indulged in a blame-game. But once questions were raised about the invigilation during the test, the officials decided to improve the system of conducting the examination, where 60 candidates vie for one seat.The MD/MS entrance is of three hours' duration and has 250 multiple choice questions. There is negative marking for every wrong answer. This gives candidates less than a minute for each answer. To deter copying, the institute provides candidates with pens during the examination. \"But with newer technology it has become tough to monitor these things,\" said Amod Gupta, dean, PGI.In 2010, the PGI became the first institute to use biometrics parameters after a case of impersonation was reported for the MD/MS exam. The entrance test for admission to postgraduate courses in the PGI conducted on November 10 at 11 different centres in Chandigarh had 10,000 takers in various specialties.RESULT WITHHELDThe result of the examination, which can be declared within 24 hours, has been withheld till the CBI submits its report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17230076", "title": "Former defence minister KC Pant dies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Union minister K C Pant, who had served under late Prime Ministers Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi and switched to BJP in the late 1990s, died today. He was 81.The son of Govind Ballabh Pant, a former Uttar Pradesh chief minister and Union minister under late Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru , Krishan Chandra Pant is survived by his wife former MP Ila Pant and two sons.Pant, who had held the portfolios of defence, finance , energy and steel among others, was ailing for some time and breathed his last at 8:30am.He was cremated shortly later without any state honours, a privilege normally given to former Union ministers, apparently because the family wanted it to be a private affair.Soon after hearing about Pant's death, defence minister A K Antony rushed to his residence to pay homage but after reaching there he was told that the body has been taken for cremation.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said he was \"deeply saddened\" at the death of Pant, who served the country and people with great distinction in his long political career.\"The country has lost an eminent public figure and an able administrator.... In his passing away, the country has lost an eminent public figure and an able administrator,\" Singh said.Pant, known for his persuasive skills, played the role of negotiator during the separate Telangana agitation in the 1970s and was instrumental in reaching of an agreement called 'Mulki Rules' that gave prominence recruitment of locals and ended the agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17221173", "title": "Assembly panel upset with govt delay on queries", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The public accounts committee (PAC) of Odisha Assembly has expressed displeasure over the state government's delay to meet the queries on CAG report.The committee headed by leader of opposition Bhupinder Singh was serious on this issue at a meeting held on the assembly premises recently to discuss the CAG (Civil) report for 2008-09 and 2009-10 on project implementation of rural development department. It was revealed at the meeting that the state government is supposed to meet 46,000 queries on the CAG report for 2009-10.The PAC observed that the Centre provided Rs 4,000 crore to the state for rural development projects between October 2011 and November 2012. However, it said construction of roads was delayed in most cases and several projects are lying incomplete.The committee was also unhappy over implementation of certain road projects by the rural development department under Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY) in the state.Referring to the CAG's report, the PAC stated that the project cost of a bridge had been escalated with additional expenditure of Rs 4.05 crore in 2009 due to the state government's delay in approving the project, which was also cancelled later. The panel asked the department to submit records and documents of Odisha Construction Corporation, which had bagged the tender for this project.The panel while referring to another query of the CAG also expressed unhappiness over unproductive expenditure in construction of all-weather roads to five villages. It directed the officials to immediately initiate legal proceedings to recover that unproductive expenditure from the contractor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17230226", "title": "Delhi Daredevils launch Inter-School Twenty20 tournament", "text": "NEW DELHI: Popular IPL franchise Delhi Daredevils are all set to start the Inter-School Twenty20 tournament named Fastrax Daredevils School Cup from on Friday.48 schools from Delhi and NCR region will be taking part in the month long competition.The glittering trophy was unveiled at the Feroz Shah Kotla on Thursday by India's World Cup winning U-19 captain Unmukt Chand .\"Inter-School cricket is a fantastic platform for these budding cricketers. This is where the competition starts, one understands the meaning of team and also starts valuing friendships. Even I had played a lot of school cricket till two years back for Modern school (Barakhamba),\" Unmukt told the gathering and then interacted with the students who were seen jostling for his autograph.Some of the notable institutions which are participating in the tournament are Modern School (Barakhamba Road), DPS (RK Puram), Amity International (Noida), Salwan Public School (Rajinder Nagar and Mayur Vihar).Schools have been clubbed in 16 groups with three schools in each group. The spotters will be Daredevils' Head of Cricket Operations T A Sekar, former players Sunil Valson who is also the AVP Operations of GMR Sports) and former offie Ashish Kapoor (AVP Sports Administration GMR Sports).Some of the talented boys from the tournament will get a chance to interact with the Daredevils stars such Virender Sehwag, Kevin Pietersen, David Warner to name a few.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17221645", "title": "Suresh Gopi to inaugurate education campaign", "text": "KOCHI: Malayalam film actor Suresh Gopi will inaugurate Unarvu, an education campaign for government aided schools of Kalamassery constituency, at 2pm at Town hall on Thursday.The campaign, envisioned by PWD minister V K Ebrahim Kunju, will begin with a torchlight procession from Kunnukkara. District collector P I Sheik Pareeth will receive the torchlight at the Town Hall. Unarvu is a continuation of the mid-day meal scheme 'Akshaya' that began in the constituency last year. A sum of Rs 11 crore has been earmarked for the development of government schools in the constituency as part of the campaign.As part of the scheme, 48 free LCD's were provided to schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17222416", "title": "Madhapur, Hyderabad\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s new eat street", "text": "HYDERABAD: A visit to Madhapur or Gachibowli is no longer just about the Hi-Tec City's giants like Infosys and Microsoft, but mouth-watering sea fish in white sauce from Kerala, spicy vada pav from Mumbai and also the famous Rajasthani dal bati churma.Over the past one year, areas around the IT hub has seen a surge in exotic restaurants, serving lipsmacking cuisine from various parts of India, all catering to the needs of IT professionals coming from various parts of India.Chef Kerala is one such example which is seeing hundreds enjoying delicious meals every week ever since it threw open its doors couple of months ago. \"I had worked in a hotel in Goa and had come to meet a friend in Hyderabad about a year back,\" said Jitish Kumar, a chef, who came up with the idea of opening this restaurant after noticing people from such diverse culture working together. \"I get spices from Kerala and have a large variety of sea food varieties on the menu,\" Kumar said, referring to most of his customers from God's own country.Approximately 500 small and big restaurants dishing out wide variety of Indian dishes have sprung up in the past two years and locals say their numbers are only increasing.If you are from Mumbai, feel free to visit the already well-known Vada Pav Factory in Madhapur, which opened a year ago serving around 20 varieties of vada pav. \"I had come to Hyderabad in 2010 and being a hardcore Mumbaikar, I wanted to have the vada pav. However, despite searching the whole city, I did not find any authentic vada pav outlet,\" explains Poonam Pariya, why she opened the restaurant. She sells close to 500 vada pavs everyday and recently started another outlet in Kondapur. \"We had chosen this area because it is very cosmopolitan in nature. Initially, it was only Mumbaikars, but now a lot of locals have started to enjoy as well,\" she said.The Hi-Tec City area also has people selling Bengali, Rajasthani, Himachal and Punjabi cuisine among others, reflecting how Indians traditionally love to have food they are used to having at home.Among scores of Punjabi restaurants is an eatery in one of the bylanes of Madhapur. A hit with the north Indians and Punjabi population of the area, the owner who did not wish to be named, narrates his amazing journey. \"I am basically a farmer in Punjab and had no intention of starting any restaurant. A year ago my cousin suggested that I start a hotel here since he knew I am good at making Punjabi food.\"Earning anywhere between Rs 20,000 to 30,000 per month, he is quite happy with his decision and plans to renovate the place. Bored with their monotonous and hectic jobs, many from the IT and software sector have also started their own food business in the backyard of their previous workplace. A software developer at an MNC in Madhapur for close to two years, H Krishna started Hav Inn restaurant in Madhapur a week back. \"We have given equal importance to North and South Indian food, so as to attract all\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17227402", "title": "Braille flag for visually impaired unveiled in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: A bout 12 million blinds in India will now be able to see the National tri-colour, thanks to an initiative taken by a city based eye hospital and an NGO working for the betterment of visually impaired.City based Sankara Eye Hospital in association with Sightsavers introduced the first ever 'Braille Indian flag' in Bangalore on Thursday. The flag will allow a blind person to see the national flag through touch. The flag was unveiled by Governor Hansraj Bharadwaj at Rajbhavan in presence of some school children.The tri-colours of the flag are depicted through different textures that will enable one to appreciate the different colours. A raised chakra at the center of the flag allows the blind to feel the Ashoka Chakra with its 24 spokes. The colours and features of the flag are explained in Braille alongside the flag.The Braille flag is a fully tactile graphic made on copper with enameled paint accompanied with a user key that aide the blind in denoting the orientation and colours of the flag. It permits a visually impaired person to fully see (by touch) the raised tri-colour stripes, but the colours of the flag as well as the Braille guide adjacent. Till now, only USA and UK are known to have national flags that are accessible to the blind.Dr R V Ramani, Founder and Managing Trustee, Sankara Eye Care Institutions India said, \"It is unfortunate that something as important as the National Flag is inaccessible to the blind. We focus on preventive eye care for the children through our paediatric program Nanna Kannu. At the same time we believe that the blind should get equal access to rights and services as their sighted counterparts. This tactile flag is one of the steps towards this.eb \"The governor also inaugurated a unique exhibition \"Through Different Eyes\". The exhibition organised is aimed at spreading the message that blindness is avoidable.The exhibition showcased photographs taken by 14 visually impaired children whose vision has been restored with the efforts of Sightsavers and Sankara. These children were introduced to the nuances of digital photography in the workshops conducted last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17222460", "title": "Stock guru scam: Raksha J Urs's arrest shocks friends", "text": "MYSORE: The arrest of Raksha J Urs, who studied and worked for a brief period in Mysore, has shocked her college mates and her first employer. Raksha was arrested in connection with economic offences across India, along with her husband and partner in crime, Ulhas Prabhakar Khaire.Raksha lost her father at a young age and was brought up by her mother Maya, who ran a canteen at a college in Mysore for a few years. Soon after her schooling, she joined Chamarajendra Academy of Visual Arts (CAVA) in 1998, but discontinued studies to support her family.She worked as anchor for a city-based firm involved in event management, promotions and entertainment, for about two-and-a-half years in the early 2000s. She then disappeared and resurfaced only after her arrest on Tuesday.Raksha's senior has expressed shock on a social networking site, saying: \"Ooops! I never imagined she would be involved in such a big scam! I am still unable to digest it and I believe she may have supported her husband in the crime out of fear...\"Raksha Urs was a 'crybaby', if her college mates at CAVA are to be believed. \"She couldn't just stop crying due if she felt sad, or if someone teased her,\" claims her junior, who didn't want to be named.However, she was not a bright student and didn't show much interest in studies, which could be due to family problems.\"I don't know much about her family history, but she was living with her mother who ran a food business. I visited her house twice when they lived in Paduvarahalli, off the Mysore-Hunsur road near the University of Mysore campus, during my college days. We were regular visitors to Modern Cafe and Kamadhenu hotel nearby. She left college in the middle of the five-year course. After that, I lost touch with her and tried to trace her on Facebook, but to no avail,\" recalled her junior, who passed out in 2004.One classmate claimed that Raksha was dependent on her college mates for financial assistance. She was active in cultural activities too. Raksha joined a business firm to support the family and thereafter, she disappeared.\"I was amazed to see her on the news on Tuesday,\" said her former employer. \"Raksha worked for our firm as anchor on an event-to-event basis for about two years, some 10 years ago. Then she moved on,\" he said. When contacted, members of some Urs families in Mysore said they didn't remember any such family in their circle, and were clueless about Raksha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17223270", "title": "Online craze deals bodyblow to library culture", "text": "PATNA: The old libraries of the state capital, like Sinha Library and Khuda Bakhsh Oriental Public Library, which once upon a time were among the pride of Patna, have been thumbed down by city youth. With the advent of e Notes, GradeSaver, Cliff Notes and Wikipedia, the cult of thronging libraries and browsing through piles of books has been shown back door by them, as now not books but Internet is considered the best friends by these Net-savvy youngsters.Empty reading rooms and dusty tables and chairs are a common sight in most of the city libraries. It is sad to note that world-renowned Khuda Bakhsh Oriental Public Library, which has stood tall against time and tide since 1891 and is known for its rare collection of Persian and Arabic manuscripts around the globe, now attracts only a handful of readers.Imtiaz Ahmad, director of the library, said though the number of books borrowed per month has gone up in the last three-four years, research-oriented books and manuscripts attract only a few readers.\"We receive a good number of researchers from countries like Iran, Israel, Kuwait and European nations, but, unfortunately, there are very few scholars from Patna who are interested in these manuscripts and books,\" lamented Ahmad.Not very different is the tale of Sachchidanand Sinha Library, popularly known as Sinha Library. B.N Malik, assistant librarian, told TOI that only one per cent of the total crowd throng the place for general reading and research work, while the rest of the crowd is of those who are preparing for competitive examinations and only flip through pages of magazines and newspapers.\"Jab main student tha aur yahan padhne aata tha to baithne ko jagah nahi milti thi, par aaj kuch hi log aate hain yahan (when I used to visit this place as a student, all the seats would remain occupied but now very few students come here),\" recalls Malik. Suman Kumar, one of the regular visitors to the library, said it was only the availability of magazines, newspapers and study material for competitive examinations which made him visit the library regularly. Asked if he will visit the place after getting through any of the examinations, he replied in negative. Like Suman there are others too who accept that once they are through with their examinations, they will seldom come back.Dolly Ghosh, librarian at Maulana Mazharul Haque Library, too admitted that it is only for preparations for various competitions that the readers throng her place and the number of readers for serious reading and research has seen a steep fall.Sangya Chaudhary, a postgraduate student at Patna University, said that Internet makes her only a few clicks away from endless material on a single subject. Thus, the need to browse through voluminous books and documents automatically diminishes for her. Sangya is not alone to hold such views but there are many like her.Muniba Sami, professor, department of English, Patna University, attributes the sharp decline in readership in the libraries to diminishing reading habit among youth. She said that young scholars lack the spirit of enquiry and research and thus demand for ready-made notes, which are readily available to them online, is soaring among them.Imtiaz Ahmad too agrees with Sami and suggests that inculcating the habit of reading and visiting libraries among kids is the only way to keep library cult alive. \"Catch them when they are young,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17223070", "title": "Fire mishaps rock southern parts of Tamil Nadu", "text": "MADURAI: Fire mishaps, both small and medium ones, rocked southern districts on Diwali though no loss of life was reported. Most of the mishaps were attributed to fireworks while a few incidents were caused by electrical malfunction. As many as 34 fire mishaps were reported on November 12 and 13 in Madurai district and 31 of them were said to be due to fireworks. Even among them, 10 accidents were caused by rockets. Among the 34 accidents, three are slightly bigger accidents, causing damage to property while other accidents were termed minor by the fire and rescue services department.On Wednesday, a fire broke out in a timber depot at Sellur and tenders had a tough time dousing the flames. As the logs were dry, the fire started spreading very quickly and the situation turned tense as the fire threatened to engulf nearby buildings, one of which stored oil barrels. Six vehicles and fire personnel were pressed into service and after difficulties, they brought the fire under control. District fire officer K Karupiah said they had saved around Rs 4 lakh worth property while Rs 3.5 lakh worth property was lost. \"The fire should have been caused from within and we don't suspect any fireworks in the mishap,\" he said.In another incident, a paper godown in Sellur where old paper wastes were stored suffered a fire accident. Though fireworks are suspected as the reason, officials are still probing the cause. A tailoring shop in Melur went up in flames due to the fireworks. Anticipating the scenario, fire personnel were kept on high alert, officials said. \"All the 210 staff in the district and 13 vehicles have been deployed on 24 hours duty. The fire department has also taken elaborate measures to sensitise people about fire hazards during Diwali,\" Karupiah said.In neighbouring Virudhunagar district, a surgical cotton manufacturing unit went up in flames and the loss of property is speculated to be many lakhs of rupees though official estimation is still in process. On Tuesday around 11.15 am, the fire broke out in one of the godowns of the bondage unit at Chathirapatti near Rajapalayam. Due to the easily flammable materials in the godown, the fire spread quickly, damaging an adjacent factory. Fire personnel said electrical short circuit was the reason for the fire. The total damage is being estimated. Another fire in a timber depot was reported in Devakottai town in Sivaganga district on Tuesday afternoon. Fireworks are said to be the reason for the fire, which destroyed timber worth lakhs of rupees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17221057", "title": "48-hour bandh hits Phulbani", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Trade and transport were severely hit in Phulbani town on Wednesday due to a 48-hour bandh called by the joint action committee protesting appointment of outsiders to sikhya sahayak posts in Kandhamal. While roads wore a deserted look, shops and business establishments remained closed.The district had witnessed violence on October 9 when members of Kui Samaj Samanaya Samiti (KSSS), a tribal outfit, allegedly attacked shikhya sahayak aspirants from other districts who were in the town for a screening test. The general secretary of the outfit, Lambodar Kanhar, was arrested for the clash and was later released on bail. The joint action committee was formed after that to spearhead the movement against appointment of people from outside Kandhamal to posts of sikhya sahayaks, and class III and class IV staff in various government departments in the district.Meanwhile, the district administration has published the final list of the selected candidates and asked them to get their documents verified at the block offices by next Thursday. As many as 718 sikhya sahayaks will be posted in the district this year, official sources said. \"We are firm on our demand,\" said JAC general secretary Anam Nayak.Kandhamal collector B S Punia, however, said it was the policy of the state government and they could do little to stall the process. Besides, a case in this connection is pending in the Orissa high court. He added that despite the bandh, several aspirants reached the block offices. SP J N Pankaj said additional police forces had been deployed in vulnerable areas of Phulbani and security was tightened at the block offices. No untoward incident had been reported in the district so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/cuttack", "code": "17221152", "title": "Injuries burn a dent in Diwali festivities", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/CUTTACK: Diwali is over but the burn marks it has left behind will take days to heal. Nearly 200 people with severe burns and eye injuries due to explosion of crackers were admitted to different hospitals in the city. Capital Hospital alone received over 50 burn cases, said deputy chief medical officer of the hospital S N Swain.Rahul Acharya, a six-year-old boy and resident of Ashok Nagar, was celebrating Diwali with his parents and relatives when a stray bomb unexpectedly went off near his feet, resulting in burns on his left leg. He was rushed to the Capital Hospital. \"The boy spent the whole night in pain,\" said Rahul's grandma.Dipti Ranjan Mishra, another patient, was injured when his children were bursting crackers at home in Chandrasekharpur. Similarly, Mamatamayee Debata (35) from Dumuduma, who was standing on the balcony of her house, Ashok Routray (27) from Bhimtangi were victims to cracker bursting.\"Most patients were discharged after first aid while around five with eye injuries were admitted to the hospital. There were extra doctors and staff to attend to patients with burns and eye injuries because of cracker explosion. Majority of patients were children,\" Swain added.People also thronged to the clinics of eye doctors. \"Three of our patients have serious eye injuries and they may lose their sight. What is unfortunate is that most of the victims were not bursting crackers themselves. They were just passersby who were caught off guard,\" said a city-based ophthalmologist P K Giri.Diwali was not only a busy night for citizens who enjoyed firecrackers and festivities, but paramedics, city fire brigade officials and traffic police were also on their toes handling burn injuries, accidents and drunken driving cases. \"There were several cases of drunken driving and we fined some drunken drivers. Though there was no major accident on Diwali night, a few minor accidents and hit and run cases were reported,\" said Binod Das, ACP (traffic).The city police, however, could not check noise pollution or restrict bursting of high sounding crackers. But police claimed that the 10.30 pm deadline of bursting crackers was strictly maintained. \"The police should not allow sale of high sounding crackers. The old and ailing people have a difficult time late into the night,\" said Janaki Das, a senior citizen.City fire station officials got a total of 22 calls from 6.30 pm to 10.45 pm on Tuesday pertaining to fire incidents at different places. It includes fire mishaps due to crackers, short circuit and LPG leak. \"Additional arrangements were made for Diwali and all calls attended to by the fire brigade. One person was rescued with serious injuries while properties worth lakhs were gutted in small and big fire mishaps,\" said R K Paikray, a fire service officer.In Cuttack, the fire-fighters were on their toes attending to over 22 fire-related calls across the city. No major fire was, however, reported except for a blaze at Ranihat Mali Sahi, in the evening. \"We received 22 calls from Tuesday midnight till 8 am, the next morning,\" a senior fire brigade official said. While the city received five calls till 8 pm on the Diwali night, the remaining 17 calls were received in the next eight hours. We got the maximum number of calls between 7.30 pm and 8.00 pm, he added. The calls, however, were twice of what they had received last Diwali.The fire brigade had deployed fire tenders in markets which do not have fire stations nearby. \"Ninety-nine per cent of our personnel were on duty,\" said the official.In Mali Sahi, the fire was reported from a thatched house but none was injured. Two fire tenders were rushed to the spot and the fire was doused. \"A tipper caught fire near Manguli Chowk. The driver was rescued and the fire put off by our fire-fighters,\" said Laxmidhar Pradhan, station officer.Besides, a few minor mishaps were reported from Haramani Mandap near Mahanadi Bihar , PM Academy School, Meria Bazaar, Malgodown, Haripur Road, Buxibazaar, Bidanasi High School, Friends Colony, Khatbin Sahi and Panda Nursing Home, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17222598", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcDrive against dark film successful'", "text": "HYDERABAD: After a successful drive against drunken driving in the state, state traffic police launched another campaign this year against cars with tinted glasses, yielding good results.In the state capital here, \"about 98% four-wheeler owners have removed dark films from their windows and we have successfully implemented the Supreme Court orders since October\", additional commissioner of police (Traffic) C V Anand said.\"As a result of the education programme taken up by the police to convince the car owners coupled with co-operation from media we have achieved good results in less than three months,\" he said.The Supreme Court in April this year banned the use of tinted glass, restricting visions beyond permissible limit as envisaged under the Motor Vehicles Act.The court had passed the order on a plea seeking complete ban on use of dark films on car windows, including vehicles used by VVIPs, alleging that many crimes in cities were committed by people using such cars with tinted windows.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17222014", "title": "Elephant pushes aside couple after miscreants pull its tail", "text": "CHENNAI: An elephant pushed aside a couple after miscreants pulled its tail at Chitlapakkam on Wednesday. They escaped with minor injuries while their son, who was sitting atop the animal, was unhurt. The mahout, Santhanam, was arrested under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act.Police said the elephant, Sumitra, owned by a man named Sekar in Trichy, had arrived in the city and was being brought by walk from Pallavaram to Chitlapakkam for a temple festival. On the way, Santhanam decided to take people for a 'ride' atop Sumitra for Rs 10 each.Arul Kennedy and his wife Malar, who came there, got their son to sit atop the elephant and were standing in front when some miscreants pulled its tail. Enraged, the jumbo swung around, saw the couple and pushed them aside. They suffered minor injuries. Their son, however, remained safe.Soon, people began running helter-skelter and traffic on Chitlapakkam Main Road came to a standstill for a while before the mahout managed to calm down Sumitra who could have gone bersek and attacked the crowds, police said. Sumitra appeared tense from the morning, police said after speaking to witnesses. The large crowds, the heat, blaring horns and noise from firecrackers on Diwali day may have proved too much for the elephant, police said.Last month, a 33-year-old astrologer died after being hit by an elephant at a temple in Pattabiram, around 30km from Chennai. Witnesses said Ganesan visited the Perumalsamy temple when the 28-year-old female elephant, brought from Srirangam, was blessing devotees. Suddenly, Ganesan tried to pull its tail. The furious elephant turned around and hit him on the chest with its trunk. He was revived by devotees and sent home. Later in the night, he complained of chest pain and was taken to a hospital where he was declared dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17221864", "title": "Avenue Roadd reels under 90 tonnes of garbage festive leftover", "text": "BANGALORE: Over 90 tonnes of garbage swamping a two-km stretch in the heart of the city. Yes, that was the trail of Deepavali festivities on the Avenue Road stretch -- from SBM Circle to Raja Market. The BBMP had to deploy five JCBs and 16 trucks to lift the garbage mounds and clean up the shopping avenue on Wednesday.BBMP sources said the mounds of garbage were the result of a two-day pile up.\"Deepavali is a big festival for us. On the occasion, we spring-clean our shops. The resultant trash coupled with the leftover plantains and flowers after the festivities led to the pile-ups,\" said Lalit Jain, owner of JK Traders, Avenue Road.The garbage mound created a piquant situation on Wednesday morning, traders had to literally wade through the waste to reach their shops.\"We had a tough time entering the street and opening our shops. The garbage heaps and the stink from the cleaning process put off hundreds of customers. We are not cribbing about the loss of business, but the manner in which the cleaning is done is deplorable,\" said Gopal Singh, owner of Bombay Traders on the road.Elsewhere in the city, the garbage situation was not as bad, BBMP officials claimed.In all, 395 trucks ferried 3,870 tonnes of garbage from across the city. However, garbage heaps were reported from Indiranagar and Ulsoor areas.The festivities contributed to about 15% of additional waste in the city, officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17221772", "title": "34 test positive for dengue, toll touches 1,546", "text": "NEW DELHI: With 34 people testing positive for Dengue on Wednesday, the toll touched 1,546 in the capital. A maximum of 580 cases were reported from South Delhi Municipal Corporation, 519 from North Delhi Municipal Corporation area and 380 from East Delhi Municipal Corporation. Other cases of the vector-borne disease were reported from NDMC and Delhi cantonment areas.Last year, a total of 964 cases were reported and five deaths took place while in 2010, a total of 5,973 dengue cases and eight deaths were recorded in the capital. The state government had recently launched an SMS campaign to educate people about the preventive measures that can contain the spread of the disease.According to health minister A K Walia, over 60 lakh text messages will be sent to citizens to inform them about the steps required to ensure that the deadly virus does not breed in their surroundings.At a review meeting on Monday, Walia sanctioned Rs 5 crore to East, North and South Delhi municipal corporations and asked them to intensify fogging exercise across the city and take steps urgently to contain mosquito breeding. He also directed the three civic bodies to engage 3,400 domestic breeding checkers (DBC) to carry out checking throughout the year instead of the current practice of engaging them from April to November. The DBCs carry out checks in city households to contain any possible mosquito breeding ground and accordingly recommend steps to Municipal Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "17221951", "title": "A year on, 5 fishermen languish in Colombo prison without trial", "text": "RAMESWARAM: The violence at Welikada prison in Colombo, which left 27 people dead, has thrown Thangachimadam in Rameswaram into a turmoil as five fishermen from the village are locked up in the prison.Come November 28, it will be a year since five fishermen from the village, Emerson, Agustus, Wilson, Langlet and Prasad, who were detained by the Sri Lankan navy near Neduntheevu islet last year, were locked up in the prison on drug peddling charges. With the hearing postponed 28 times, their families are fighting with hope and despair as the men are their only breadwinners. The family members, including the wives of all five fishermen, held a relay fast in August, demanding release of their men.\"No man with reason will pawn his 20-lakh boat to ferry drugs when he can use a small rented boat for the purpose,\" rues P Gladwin, younger brother of Emerson.The family owned two boats and three of the brothers and two sisters depended on these boats for a living. With one boat held along with Emerson, Gladwin says the family has lost interest in operating another boat for fishing.The family is neck deep in debt. \"We are not able to manage the operating expenses after the incident. So we go fishing. The agony we underwent during the violence in Sri Lankan prison cannot be described in words,\" he said.Prasad's wife Michael Skenitta recalls how her husband left after celebrating their elder son's birthday on November 26. He will be celebrating his second birthday shortly, she says. Skenitta coordinates with wives of fishermen, sharing updates in the prison whenever Prasad calls her. It was only after Prasad called her the day after the violence that the families learned that thwir relatives were safe.With her husband in custody for nearly a year, she took up petty jobs to feed her sons. She is planning to start tailoring at home.\"I was pregnant with my second child then and my younger son was born in June this year. I will name him after my husband returns,\" Skenitta says with determination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17232193", "title": "Cheating racket fallout: PGIMER cancels MD/MS entrance exams", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As a fallout of the cheating racket unearthed by CBI, the Post Graduate Institute of Medical Education and Research (PGIMER) here has cancelled its MD/MS entrance examination held here last week.\"The examination has been cancelled. Now, another date for holding the entrance test for the MD (doctor of medicine) /MS (master of surgery) will be announced later,\" PGIMER's spokesperson, Manju Wadwalkar said here today.She said that in the absence of PGIMER director Dr YK Chawla, a meeting was chaired by the institute's acting director, Dr Vinay Sakhuja and attended by senior functionaries, after which the decision to cancel the examination was taken.The decision will affect 7,300 candidates, who appeared for the 78 post graduation seats in various departments of PGIMER in 11 different examination centres that were set up in this city.PGIMER sources said that the new MD/MS entrance examination was likely to be held in December this year.They said that the decision to cancel the entrance examination was taken keeping in mind that it was not known how many candidates were beneficiaries in the cheating, and therefore, it would be in the interest of all genuine candidates, to take such a step.Earlier, the institute had withheld for an indefinite period the result of the 7,300 candidates who had appeared for its MD/MS entrance examination on Saturday after it came to fore during the CBI investigations that seven girls nabbed by the investigating agency on the same day were appearing merely to leak the question paper thereby acting as facilitators for some other candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17223442", "title": "Sitar-vocal \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcjugalbandi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 entrances audience", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Aficionados of Indian classical music were treated to a rare \"jugalbandi\" when Delhi-based young artists, Adnan on sitar and Fareed Hasan on vocal, unleashed their talent at a concert organized by Pracheen Kala Kendra to mark its 181st monthly \"baithak\" programme.Adnan learnt his first lessons in sitar from his maternal grandfather Ustad Zafar Ahmed Khan. After that he learned under the tutelage of his father Ustad Sayeed Khan, an exponent of Delhi and Kirana gharanas. Now, he is nurturing his talent under Ustad Mashkoor Ali Khan under ITC Sangeet Research Academy scholarship.His counterpart in the concert, Fareed Hasan, is from a musical lineage of Delhi Gharana.The concert of sitar-vocal \"jugalbandi\" began with \"Raga Yaman Kalyan\". The familiar raga provided the audience a base to appreciate the vocal and instrumental nuances brought out by each artist. The \"Madhyana laya bandish\" \"Piyarva tihari nek nazar...\" was followed by \"Drut\" (fast) composition \"Tori jayoon jayoon re balihari\", both set to \"teen taal\". The interesting \"sawal-jawab\" passages elicited spontaneous applause from the listeners. Then came \"Raga Shankara\" in which the duo doled out a composition \"Aiso dhedh lagar kare jora jori...\" The concert culminated with rendition of \"Raga Chandani Kedar\".The artists were accompanied by Babar Latif Khan on tabla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bangalore/belgaum/ london", "code": "17222804", "title": "Indian woman refused abortion in Ireland, dies", "text": "BANGALORE/BELGAUM/ LONDON: A 31-year-old Indian dentist died recently in Ireland from complications following the hospital's refusal to conduct an abortion to save her life. Her death has triggered calls for a review of the Catholic nation's near complete ban on termination of pregnancy, even on medical grounds.Karnataka-born Savita Halappanavar died on October 28, three days after she was admitted to the university hospital, Galaway, for treatment of a messy 17-week pregnancy that had left her in agony. But the doctors repeatedly rejected her pleas for an abortion, citing Ireland's orthodox ban, leading to a worsening of her condition even when it was clear that the baby could not be saved. Savita died of septicemia.According to British newspapers, an Irish deputy , Patrick Nulty, said Halappanavar's death points at the \"pressing and urgent need\" for parliament to \"show responsibility and legislate\" , calling on his party to press for reforming the abortion law.I am neither catholic nor Irish, she said before dyingThe newspapers also said that the Halappanavar's family is considering legal action , arguing that the fetus should have been removed earlier to save the woman's life.Irish authorities have launched a probe into her death. Her husband, Praveen, an engineer at Boston Scientific in Galway, is flying back to Ireland. Within hours of Savita's hospitalization on October 21, doctors determined that she was miscarrying, Praveen said. Over the next three days, they refused requests for a termination of her fetus to ease her surging pain and fading health. The dead fetus was later removed and Savita was taken to the high dependency unit and then to the intensive care unit, where she died of septicemia on October 28.\"Savita was really in agony . She was very upset, but she accepted she was losing the baby ,\" he told the Irish paper in a telephone interview from Belgaum . \"When the consultant came on the ward rounds on Monday morning, Savita said if they could not save the baby, could they induce an end to the pregnancy. The consultant said: 'As long as there is a fetal heartbeat, we can't do anything'.\" \"Again on Tuesday morning..., the consultant said it was the law, that this is a Catholic country. Savita said: 'I am neither Irish nor Catholic' , but they said there was nothing they could do,\" Praveen was quoted as saying. He said his wife vomited repeatedly and collapsed in a restroom that night, but doctors wouldn't terminate the fetus because its heart was still beating.The fetus died the following day and its remains were surgically removed. Within hours, Praveen said, his wife was placed under sedation in intensive care with systemic blood poisoning and he was never able to speak with her again. By Saturday, her heart, kidneys and liver had stopped working and she was pronounced dead early on October 28.Praveen told TOI he is getting frequent updates from his friends in Ireland. \"The PM has given an assurance to get the matter investigated by an independent agency.''Times ViewThe debate in the Western world on abortion is often portrayed as one between the 'pro-life' and 'pro-choice' camps. As this case should illustrate to those who view an anti-abortion position as pro-life, that can often be a dangerously misplaced notion. In this specific case, it appears clear that the yet-to-be-born child's life was doomed whether or not an abortion had taken place. The mother's life, on the other hand, could have been saved had the abortion been done. The ban on abortion therefore ended up taking a life that need not have been lost. How does that square with viewing the ban as pro-life?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17228757", "title": "Divyadarshan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s comic act", "text": "Even before the release of his debut movie, actor Divyadarshan has turned a busy bee. The actor will now be seen in Reji Paul's Mr Bean. \"The movie is about four youngsters in the insurance sector and the problems that they have to deal with,\" says the actor.Touted to be a full-length comedy flick, the movie comes with a message. \"Though it's a light movie, we want to give a message to the audience. Before we react we have to think about its consequences as well,\" says director Reji. Avanthika Mohan has been paired opposite Divyadarshan in the flick. The cast also includes Maanav, Irfan Khan and Pritham.Meanwhile, Divyadarshan is awaiting for the release of his debut, Anil's Hide N' Seek, and also Jahanghir Shamz's directorial debut, Teens .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17229795", "title": "No shooting of films, TV serials in Mumbai studios", "text": "The otherwise busy film studios in the city wore a deserted look today with no shooting of films or television serials taking place amid concerns over Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's health condition.\"People have voluntarily decided not to shoot today,\" T P Agarwal, President, Indian Motion Pictures Association and Film Federation of India told PTI.Officials at major studios in the city like Filmcity, Filmistan, Mehboob studio, Kamal Amrohi Studios said that no shooting was going on today.\"Shooting was scheduled to go for few of our shows today but we don't know what the situation is. There are few artists who have voluntarily decided against shooting,\" a source from an entertainment channel said.The health condition of the 86-year-old Shiv Sena chief was stated to be critical but stable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17223008", "title": "Man held at Chennai airport for taking Chidambaram\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s pics", "text": "CHENNAI: A 35-year-old man from Kochi created a security scare at the airport here on Tuesday, sneaking past security guards in an attempt to take a photograph of Union minister P Chidambaram.Airport officials and Central Industrial Security Force personnel who detained Ameer Thwaha said it was not the travel agent's first run-in with the law at Chennai airport. CISF officers had detained and questioned Thwaha and his friend Mansoor on October 3, after they took photographs of the interiors of an Air India Dreamliner aircraft on a Chennai-Delhi flight and then created a ruckus, demanding that they be allowed to disembark as the pilots prepared to take off.An airport official said Thwaha had arrived in Chennai on a flight from Kochi on Tuesday. He was booking a room at the airport at 6.10pm when he spotted Chidambaram and his entourage entering the domestic terminal. \"Thwaha got past CISF personnel and policemen and approached the minister,\" the official said. \"Security guards detained him after he insisted that the minister take a photograph with him.\"Police officers said they had booked Thwaha after he was not being able to offer a credible explanation for his actions. \"Taking a photograph of the minister is not an offence but Chidambaram is a high risk individual and this is the second time that he has caused trouble for airport security,\" a senior police officer said.Chidambaram told reporters in Delhi that he had no knowledge of the incident.Thwaha was booking a room at the airport at 6.10pm when he spotted Chidambaram and his entourage entering the domestic terminal. \"Thwaha got past the CISF personnel and policemen and approached the minister,\" the official said. \"Security detained him after he insisted that the minister take a photograph with him.\"Police and CISF officers said Thwaha travelled on the same days of the week between Kochi, Chennai and Dubai, raising suspicions that he may be more than just an attention-seeking oddball. Police said they had booked Thwaha after he was not being able to offer a credible explanation for his actions. \"Taking a photograph of the minister is not an offence but Chidambaram is a high risk individual and this is the second time that he has caused trouble for airport security,\" a senior police officer said. \"We have asked Kerala police to provide us background information about Thwaha,\" he said. \"Kerala police told us last time that Thwaha was a travel agent and had no criminal record.\"Chidambaram told reporters in Delhi that he had no knowledge of the incident. Thwaha had a business class ticket on an Air India flight to Dubai via Delhi on Wednesday. But CISF handed him over to police for further investigation. \"Officials said Thwaha told them that he likes to take photographs with celebrities,\" the airport official said. His Facebook account has pictures of him with actor John Abraham and Malayalam director Priyadarshan .Thwaha told officials that his dream is to take a photograph with US President Barack Obama . He has also posted pictures of himself in the executive class of a DreamlinerPolice said Thwaha used to work in Dubai but now runs a travel agency in his hometown in Perumbavoor near Kochi in Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17225923", "title": "Amitabh, Abhishek injured outside 'Matoshree'", "text": "Amitabh and Abhishek Bachchan were among those who visited Shiv Sena supreme Bal Thackeray late Wednesday night. Amitabh Bachchan and Abhishek Bachchan were hurt while fighting their way into Matoshree to see Shiv Sena supreme Bal Thackeray.Amitabh Bachchan tweeted, \"both Abhishek and I were injured with cuts, but are fine and back home ... the doctors at 'Matoshree' attended on us!''Bal Thackeray had visited Bachchan when he was in hospital after his near fatal accident during the shooting of Coolie. Bachchan tweeted, \"When I fought for my life after Coolie accident, he came to visit me in hospital, with a cartoon he had drawn - Yamraj defeated !''Thackeray had also helped rush Amitabh Bachchan to hospital after the accident. \"When I was flown in to Mumbai from Bangalore in semi conscious state after Coolie accident, it was his ambulance that took me to BC. Yamraj - God of Death, defeated by me..wish I was as proficient a cartoonist as he, for tonight I would wish to draw that for him,\" Amitabh tweeted.Bachchan also recalls his meeting with Thackeray after the Bofors Scandal. He tweets, \"When the Bofors Scandal accusations on us were at its peak, he called me home and asked 'tell me the truth, are you involved ?' When I said \"NO !\", he said 'Then do not worry about anything. I am with you. You are an actor, go do what you are best at'. \"Bachchan's association with Thackeray goes back to the time when the actor and Jaya Bhaduri were just married. He tweeted, \"When Jaya and I married, he called us to his house .. and the rituals that were conducted was of the 'bahu' coming home !''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17225841", "title": "Ghatak\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s films inspire me more: Shahneoyaj Cacoly", "text": "Debutante filmmaker Shahneoyaj Cacoly says what exactly enticed her to make Uttarer SurLike all Bengalis, debutante filmmaker from Bangladesh, Shahneoyaj Cacoly too has grown up watching Ray and Ghatak. Though her film, Uttarer Sur (Northern Symphony ), which was screened at the ongoing Kolkata International Film Festival, called to mind glimpses of Satyajit Ray's Pather Panchali , the filmmaker claimed Ghatak to be her idol. \"No doubt I love watching Ray's films, but Ghatak's films inspire me more. In Rangpur, where I come from, people call me 'mohila Ritwik Ghatak',\" she joked.An artist herself, Cacoly has poured all the colours on her palette to come up with Uttarer Sur \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a film that tells the story of a Bhawaiya folk singer and his little daughter Ayesha, who earn their bread and butter singing on the streets. Picturized at different locations of Rangpur, Bangladesh, the film depicts their day-to-day experiences while performing at different places and their interactions with people on the way. \"A painter is a dreamer too. It's easier for me to visualize my compositions than putting them down in words. I remember, even a few years ago, street hawkers, especially sweets and candy sellers, used to attract people by their soulful singing. Inspired by them, I decided to make the film,\" Cacoly informed, adding that she had actually met such a baul singer and his wife while she was hunting locations to shoot her film.\"As I chatted with the couple, I was surprised to note that their lives haven't changed much over the years. Even Bhawaiya as a genre is fading into oblivion. It's sad,\" she rued.The audience, who had seen the film, was so moved that they complained the director for its sad ending. \"The character of the little girl, Ayesha, played by Meghla, is the essence of my film. Her death sequence symbolized the death of Bhawaiya. I was touched by the response. Next time, I'll make sure I don't kill a child in any of my films.\" she laughed.When asked, if her film ought to be fine-tuned a bit in terms of editing and whether there was a scope for improvement, Cacoly was sporting enough to admit, \"This happens to be my first feature film. So, any kind of feedback is most welcome.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "17223026", "title": "Fire destroys Rs 20 lakh worth turmeric in Salem godown", "text": "SALEM: A fire broke out at a godown in Salem town on Wednesday, destroying 1,300 gunny bags containing turmeric meant for auction. It took nearly six hours for the fire brigades to douse the fire, police said.\"About 1,300 gunny bags containing Rs 20 lakh worth of turmeric were destroyed in the fire accident,\" Pallapatty police said.Residents of Lee-Bazaar area informed fire and rescue personnel and Pallapatty police after they witnessed smoke coming out from the godown located in their area on Wednesday morning.Under the head of district fire officer Ezhilarasu, fire brigades struggled for nearly six hours to put out the fire. \"We had registered a case and investigation is on. The cause of the fire is yet to be ascertained. Fortunately, no casualty was reported,\" Pallapatty police inspector Senthil Kumar said.In another fire incident, a garment shop at Arunachala Asari Street in the town was gutted on Wednesday. An autorickshaw driver who saw a thick smoke emanating from the shop informed the police. \"When we broke open the shop, we found a hole in the wall through which some unknown burglars had entered into the shop and decamped with Rs 2.5 lakh,\" police said.Police suspect that the burglars might have set the shop afire before fleeing. \"We had registered a case and investigation is going on,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17222515", "title": "Andhra Pradesh CM blamed for \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcmishandling\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 MIM", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state Congress on Wednesday publicly offered an olive branch as well as issued a veiled warning to the MIM over the severance of ties with the UPA government at the Centre and the Kiran Kumar Reddy government in the state. But in private, several leaders keen on dislodging the chief minister blamed him for mishandling the situation.Two days after MIM president Asaduddin Owaisi announced the parting of ways, the Congress on the one hand urged the MIM to reconsider its decision and on the other, said the minority party's absence will in no way weaken the ruling party. While PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana made the reconciliatory moves, it was left to former minister Mohammed Shabbir Ali to make light of MIM severing the links.\"The MIM should reconsider its decision. Asaduddin is a leader with nationalist ideas. Such a person should not be led by a small issue to sever links with the Congress. I have no idea of reasons that prompted him to make such statement. In the Bhagyalakshmi temple issue, the state government merely honored the orders of the AP High Court. The Congress never joined hands with communal forces. That the Congress was a secular party in India was acknowledged by none other than Asaduddin Owaisi in Paraliament while participating in the debate on the Indo-US nuclear deal. How come that such a secular party has suddenly become communal,\" Botsa said at a press conference at Gandhi Bhavan on Wednesday evening.The PCC chief said the MIM was talking against the Congress with a different agenda in mind. \"Politically one can chart a different course. But making baseless charges against the Congress is wrong,\" he said.But adapting a belligerent tone, Shabbir Ali said the Congress would not lose anything with the exit of MIM. \"While snapping the ties, Asaduddin had said that from now on, they would work to dislodge the Congress and ensure that the ruling party is destroyed in the state. But no force can destroy the Congress in Andhra Pradesh. In fact, we won many elections and formed governments even when we had no tie-up with the MIM,\" Shabbir Ali said.Urging the MIM not to throw challenges at the Congress, the former minister said: \"The tie-up was mutually beneficial. We helped each other. We were not dependent on you. In fact, it was the MIM that lost all the previous municipal elections it contested outside Hyderabad except in Karimnagar. It shows your strength. Accusing the Congress as communal is not good for you. Please withdraw the remarks,\" Shabbir Ali told the MIM.However, while publicly putting up a united front in taking on the MIM, several Congress leaders keen on dislodging Kiran Kumar blamed him for mishandling the situation. These include health minister D L Ravindra Reddy and Kiran's rival from Chittoor Peddireddi Ramachandra Reddy. \"Since the CM did not involve the minority leaders of the party, MIM has successfully mobilized the religious leaders against the state government,\" a senior minority leader in the PCC told TOI.According to another senior minority leader whose services were requisitioned at the time of the bomb blasts at Mecca Masjid in 2007, this time around, Kiran Kumar has handled the Bhagyalakshmi temple controversy as a law and order problem. \"Firstly, the chief minister should have left the issue to be tackled at the local level. Secondly, instead of involving leaders, chief minister preferred to go by the advice of the chief secretary and DGP. Too much of their involvement has ended up in building up tension in Old City,\" he said. According to him, the tarpaulin canopy issue is far from over. Local people are apprehensive that if a new tarpaulin canopy is raised again, it would acquire a permanent nature. Such an apprehension cannot be allayed by DGPs and chief secretaries. It needs people's involvement,\" he said.Meanwhile, in the backdrop of the develoments in the state, senior Congress leaders Digvijay Singh, Vayalar Ravi and Ghulam Nabi Azad met in New Delhi on Wednesday evening. They are said to have discussed as to how to get the MIM back into Congress fold. Before the meeting, Azad told the media that he was in touch with the PCC president and the chief minister. \"We will talk to the MIM and sort out the issues,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17221886", "title": "National anthem case: HC dismisses Tharoor\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s plea to present evidence", "text": "KOCHI: Pre-trial proceedings against Shashi Tharoor , Union minister of state for HRD, in a case alleging disrespect to the national anthem can continue, the Kerala high court ruled.Tharoor sought to summon a video of the function he attended in Kochi in 2008, but HC ruled that the minister cannot seek the aid of the court to summon a document at the pre-trial stage.Tharoor had demanded that proceedings going on at a lower court without heeding his request for presenting evidence in his favour should be stopped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "17223536", "title": "Youth attacked at district court", "text": "MOHALI: Mohali district court complex, it seems, has become a battleground for various rival groups to settle their scores. Five months after a 31-year-old man was hacked to death outside the complex, a 24-year-old college dropout was brutally injured by a group of armed assailants there on Wednesday morning.The police have registered a case of attempt to murder against eight miscreants and suspect old rivalry triggered the attack. The cops have identified two of the eight accused as Amandeep Singh Multani, a resident of Phase 3B-1, here, and Lawrence Bishnoi, a resident of a Punjab town.Amaninder Singh, an agriculturist and resident of Chatrana village in Patiala district, had visited the Phase 3B-2 court complex to attend a trial hearing. He is an accused in a brawl case.\"Amaninder was accompanied by three of his friends. But after coming out of a court, they moved towards their cars in the parking lot. When Amaninder was going towards his car, he was attacked by about eight armed men. The accused fled from the spot within a few minutes of the attack,\" inspector Dharam Pal Singh, investigating officer, said.\"Amaninder was taken to civil hospital from where he was referred to Government Multi-speciality Hospital in Sector 16. And after some time, the doctors there referred him to PGI. He is out of danger, though he has sustained grievous injuries. He has named Multani and Bishnoi, both of whom were earlier studying at a Chandigarh college. Raids are being conducted to nab them,\" he added.The police said Amaninder had attacked a group of youths outside a Mohali gym around a year ago and that Wednesday's attack was its result.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17221334", "title": "288 crore boost for Ranchi water supply scheme", "text": "RANCHI: To meet with the water supply demand of urban Ranchi, a detailed project report (DPR) has been prepared by a private consultancy company. The central sanctioning and monitoring committee of the Government of India has approved an amount of Rs 288.39 crore for the same.The project will be handled by the drinking water and sanitation department. Principal secretary of the department Sudhir Prasad said, \"We have selected a company, IVRCL in Hyderabad, as contractor and they have already started the work. The project will be started in full swing by December.\" Under the project, various types of reservoirs, pump houses, etc will be installed in various parts of the city. \"Underground reservoirs, elevated storage reservoirs, distribution network, intake well, gangway, pump house and water treatment plant will be made under the project.\"Underground reservoir will be constructed at Kanke ring road, Lalgutwa and Rampur. Elevated storage reservoir will come up at nine places of the city including Harmu, Kusai, Dibdih, Pundag, Tupudana Ranibagan, Kanke Road and Uppar Bazar. A water treatment plant is also to be set up in Rukka.Prasad said, \"These projects have a time limit of two to three years. Once the project is complete, the problem of water crisis in the city during summer season would be solved.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17224204", "title": "President Pranab Mukherjee cancels visit to Maharashtra", "text": "NEW DELHI: President Pranab Mukherjee's two-day visit to Maharashtra, which was to begin from Thursday, has been cancelled, a statement from the Rashtrapati Bhavan said today.No reason was given for the cancellation which comes in the wake of reports that ailing Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's condition has turned critical.The President was to attend a function in Mumbai and then proceed to Shirdi on Friday for some functions associated with the Shri Saibaba Sansthan Trust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17227460", "title": "Dutch legend Teun de Nooijer set for Hockey India League auction", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dutch legend and world's highest capped player, Teun de Nooijer will be among eight stars from the Netherlands to feature in next month's player auction for the Hockey India League to be held in January next year.De Nooijer, who made his debut in 1994 before retiring last month after playing 453 international matches, has always been a key member of the Dutch national team.He participated in four Olympic Games -- Atlanta 1996 (Gold), Sydney 2000 (Gold), Athens 2004 (Silver) and London 2012 (Silver) -- with three World Cups including Utrecht 1998 (Gold), Kuala Lumpur 2006 (Bronze) and New Delhi (Bronze).36-year-old de Nooijer was named FIH World Player of the year award in 2003, 2005 and 2006 and participated in nine Champions Trophy tournaments from 2000.Penalty corner specialist Taeke Taekema is another big star from the Netherlands who will be in the players auction. The 32-year-old defender has experience of 239 internationals scoring 221 goals.Taekema has been key member of Netherlands team in the Athens Olympic Games in 2004 (Silver) scoring 7 goals and Beijing Olympic Games in 2008 (4th position) scoring maximum number of 11 goals.He participated in three World Cups (2002, 2006, 2010) and eight Champions Trophies since 2000 having won top scorer award during this event in 2002 and 2006.Floris Evers, captain of silver medal winning Netherlands team in London Olympics, is also set to join the league.With 230 caps, 29-year-old Evers has a vast experience in the Dutch side. He has been key member of the Netherlands team that won silver medal during Athens Olympic Games 2004. Also, he was member of The Netherlands team in the Champions Trophy from 2004 to 2007.Other Dutch players to be in auction are defender Wouter Jolie (122 caps), Marcel Balkestein (84 caps), Jeroen Hertzberger (110 caps), Jaap Stockmann (63 caps), Sander Baart (35 caps) and Tim Jenniskens (38 caps).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17215765", "title": "Salman, Shah Rukh end era of jibes with a jig", "text": "After four years of trying not to cross each other's path, Shah Rukh and Salman finally came together.After the Jab Tak Hai Jaan premiere, the actors who had a rather nasty fallout in 2008, attended the post party. In fact, they were extremely cordial to each other and also danced together.And though, when we heard it, we dismissed it as just another rumour, Shah Rukh's tweets validated the story. \"May Allah bless our film...it looked so beautiful on the big screen. Had a lovely time dancing partying with all...Amit uncle, Salman, Aamir,\" wrote SRK on Twitter.'Amit uncle' too tweeted about the evening: T 930 - Danced my shoes off with all the youngsters... An amazing evening... spending time with Salman, Aamir, Shahrukh , Katrina and Anushka.A source who was present at the party on Tuesday night, told us, \"Salman Khan came for the premiere pretty late. Shah Rukh had come early and was seen welcoming the guests. When they met, they were rather cordial to each other. They were seen chatting with Amitji for a long time. Salman and Aamir were seen catching up as well. It was rather nice to see the warring Khans let bygones be and come together for Yashji.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17222400", "title": "Govt plans to provide farm fresh veggies to Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: If farm fresh veggies is what you are craving for, then here is some great news. Following the footsteps of some private companies, the government has decided to create a network whereby the transit time of vegetables from farms to grocers will reduce a lot. It also augurs well for farmers of adjoining districts as they will find a ready market for their vegetables.Central government had announced 'Vegetable Initiative for Urban Clusters' in 2011-12 Budget. In 2012-13, Mumbai was the only city in the state to be covered under this scheme. Nagpur and Pune have been included this year. The state government has sanctioned funds for formulating the annual action plan for the two cities.The basic concept is creating a network in the adjoining districts of a major urban centre and another within it so that consumers in that city can get good quality fresh vegetables. An agriculture department official told TOI, \"Last year, the government started the process of setting up the network in nearby districts to collect vegetables growing or available and supply them regularly to Mumbai in minimum transit time. A baseline survey was done to assess the supply chain, find the bottlenecks and growing clusters, existing as well as potential.\"The official further said eight districts have been selected for Nagpur city - Nagpur, Wardha, Bhandara, Gondia, Chandrapur, Amravati, Gadchiroli and Yavatmal.\"First, a survey would be done. Then farmers in the eight districts would be organized into various groups. These groups will coordinate with government agencies and Nagpur Municipal Corporation ( NMC) to directly transport their produce to the city,\" he explained.An amount of Rs30 crore has been sanctioned for the two cities. The project is for two years 2012-13 and 2013-14. A sum of Rs17 crore has been sanctioned for this fiscal.The main aim of the government is to increase the income of farmers by encouraging them to grow vegetables, which fetch higher price than traditional crops. The paying capacity of consumers in big cities has increased a lot over the past few years and they are ready to shell out more for getting farm fresh vegetables.The government would also provide quality seeds and arrange for loans to farmers under this project. s", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17230163", "title": "@India Twitter account handled by man in China", "text": "NEW DELHI: According to a report by Burson-Marsteller, a public relations firm, India is missing out on a huge opportunity to promote itself on Twitter because it doesn't even own the @India user account. Instead, the account is owned and managed by an Indian man living in China.\"The @India account is owned by an Indian person living in Guangzhou, China. The account owner shares pictures from his daily life and has made it clear that his Twitter handle is not for sale,\" Burson-Marsteller said in a press note.The Indian account, which has a very low-resolution image of Taj Mahal as its display picture, has over 13,000 followers. It also calls itself SnapDel and links itself to a parked domain full of advertisements. A search at the www.twbirthday revealed that the account was opened on March 16, 2007 though the first tweet was only made on October 3, 2008.Burson-Marsteller came across @India profile as part of its study called Twiplomacy that looked at how governments in various countries are using Twitter to communicate to the rest of the world. The study found that of all the accounts that use the names of 193 UN countries, only nine were managed by government officials.The report says that the vast majority of country accounts are owned by private individuals, who registered the name in the early days of Twitter. Between 2006 and 2009 there was a Twitter land grab, similar to the .com domain frenzy in the 1990s, of brand and country accounts.Today all English-language country names have been registered. However, only a third of them (71 accounts) are actively used. The majority is dormant (43 accounts), inactive (30 accounts), protected (13 accounts) or suspended (36 accounts). The data for the study was collected earlier this month.\"Looking at the findings it becomes clear that few governments and tourism organisations have understood the power of country branding and marketing on Twitter,\" said Matthias Lufkens, head of the Burson-Marsteller EMEA (digital practice). \"There is a huge opportunity for countries to use Twitter as part of their communications to engage with a large and growing audience.\" Twitter has a policy of removing accounts as well as transferring accounts to the real entity if it finds impersonation. Salman Rushdie , a famous writer, came on Twitter last year. But he found that @SalmanRushdie was already taken. He lodged a complaint with Twitter and managed to take the control of @SalmanRushdie. Similarly, India recently successfully asked Twitter to remove several accounts that were impersonating Prime Minister's Office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17222568", "title": "Jairam for real-time evaluation of rural schemes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fund-intensive rural development schemes may be evaluated during their implementation to identify failings in structure and execution, and enable the government to insert mid-course correctives.The philosophy of 'concurrent evaluation' may come to fruition if the rural development ministry's proposal for an autonomous body called 'concurrent evaluation office' (CEO) finds favour with the government.The RD ministry is seeking an independent office headed by a noted economist who would identify the assessment study to be undertaken and the areas to be focused and give feedback to government on what ails a scheme. The study would identify the drawbacks in terms of pilferage, finances, structural problem, red tape or implementation issues. It would give a set of recommendations to the government on what needs to be done to overcome problems faced by a scheme.Officials say concurrent evaluation would mark a change from the present method of annual studies undertaken to evaluate schemes. The present system serves little purpose since it is either late to introduce changes in a scheme or the scheme is almost over. \"The post facto assessment serves little purpose,\" an official said.The proposal first came up during the release of a review of MGNREGA by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in July. RD minister Jairam Ramesh proposed the concept of 'concurrent evaluation' that found favour with Singh who said such a mechanism existed earlier.The budgetary allocation of rural schemes has exceeded Rs 76,000 crore, making them investment-intensive initiatives for the welfare of poor. Schemes like job guarantee or livelihoods initiative or roads scheme have suffered from a range of issues like impractical guidelines or pilferage or lack of transparency. MGNREGA has attracted attention for irregularities and misappropriation at various levels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17222650", "title": "Florists, gardeners happier than better-paid workers", "text": "LONDON: Florists and gardeners are the happiest workers, while bankers stand out as the least content, a study has found. According to the UK survey, greater job satisfaction is down to workers having more flexibility and control over their daily routine.The results are in line with previous studies that show money doesn't buy long-term happiness, the 'Daily Express' reported. A survey of 2,200 workers by the vocational awards body City &amp; Guilds found that almost nine out of 10 gardeners and florists were happy in their job, compared with four out of five hairdressers and three out of four plumbers.In contrast, just 44% of finance and bank workers and 48% of computer staff were happy. Despite the presumption that jobs in banking, computing and human resources were often well-paid, in reality they did not offer fulfilment, the report said.The finding highlighted that those earning over 60,000 were the unhappiest, at 22%. Overall, people in vocationally trained, skills-based jobs were happiest.The research also showed that 85% of self-employed people were happier at work. As long as employees earned a base-rate wage other factors then become motivators, said professor Cary Cooper, of Lancaster University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17228117", "title": "Mahesh Babu vs Ram Charan in Tamil", "text": "Superstar Mahesh Babu and Mega powerstar Ram Charan have proved their mettle in 2012 like never before. After scoring stupendous hits, these heroes are locking horns with each other in two tinsel towns.Apparently, Mahesh's multi-starrer movie 'Seethamma Vaakitlo Sirimalle Chettu' and Ram Charan's mass-action entertainer 'Naayak' are aiming at Sankranthi slot for 2013. These two heroes are also competing with each other in tamil circuit with their dubbed movies.Charan's flopbuster 'Orange' is getting dubbed as 'Hai Ramcharan', while Mahesh's smashing hit 'Dookudu' is getting released as 'Adiradi Vettai'. While commercial results of these movies are different in Tollywood, in Tamil-land the result might be different. Because Ram Charan is already having seniority there after his 'Magadheera' scored well, Mahesh is yet to fascinate Tamil audiences.Source: www.gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17222154", "title": "Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation to sanitize city with bio-toilets", "text": "HUBLI: In what is seen as a huge leap in tackling several social menaces like open defecation, manual scavenging and other sanitation issues, the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) plans to set up bio-toilets and mobile toilets in the twin city. Complaints that public toilets are not cleaned regularly, has prompted HDMC to think of bio and mobile toilets.These are not only eco-friendly and economically cheaper, there is no need to worry about the biological waste which comes from these toilets. The waste generated from these toilets are broken down by bacteria and there is no foul smell, disease-carrying organisms or solid matter. There is no need of biological waste management to maintain the waste generated by these toilets.Two trailer mounted mobile toilets, one in Hubli and another one in Dharwad, will come up for public use while the five-seat trailer mounted mobile toilets can be used at functions, exhibitions etc. Girish Talwar, environment engineer of HDMC, said that they will finalize the plan by the end of this month.\"It should become a reality in two months,\" he added.What is a bio toilet?Bio-toilets have been developed by Defence Research and Development Organization. The toilets will dispose of human waste in an eco-friendly manner with no foul smell, disease-carrying organisms or solid matter. Nearly 90% of the solid waste is reduced. The bio-digester toilet degrades human waste through an anaerobic process into usable water and gas. Water can be used for irrigation and methane gas as cooking fuel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17223072", "title": "PIL seeks removal of dirty toilet and electric pole", "text": "MADURAI: A Public Interest Litigation (PIL) petition filed in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court has stated that a public toilet situated near a private school in Kulasekaram village in Kanyakumari district is in unhygienic condition and is one of the causes for diseases in and around that village. The petition also conveyed to the court that an electric pole near the school was on the middle of the road and in bad condition, posing dangers to people and schoolchildren.The PIL was filed by T Vasantha of Aranivilai in Kulasekaram through advocate Anand C Rajesh.In the petition, Vasantha contended that 3,000 children were studying in Punitha Orsulal High School situated in Convent Junction in Kulasekaram, and a bus shelter was being built near the school. Nearby, a public toilet was built a decade ago adjacent to the compound wall of the school which was very useful to the general public.Two years ago, the transport department constructed a bus stop 200 metres away from the convent junction. After that, the toilet was not maintained by the authority properly and children of that school were often affected with various diseases, the petitioner said.Besides, an abandoned electric-pole stood near the school in the middle of the road, posing dangers to people as well as children.After several representations to the people's representative and council resolutions seeking to demolish the toilet and removal of electric pole, nothing was done by the administration. The executive officer of the region had not bothered to take action on the petitions made by the people, and neither was the district collector bothered. Hence, the court was petitioned, the advocate said.The court has ordered notice to the authority to file a counter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17222326", "title": "Bekal airstrip could boost tourism", "text": "MANGALORE: The tourism potential along the state's coast could get a much-needed boost, with Bekal Tourism Authority (BTA) planning to develop an airstrip at Bekal for easy accessibility to tourists from Mangalore and Goa airports.T K Mansoor, general manager, BTA, told TOI: \"The technical feasibility study is underway. Once that is completed, we'll be able give the exact details of the airstrip.\"The airstrip will come up at Periya, a 20-minute drive from Bekal. \"Of all places in Kerala, Bekal has the maximum potential waiting to be tapped.There are six resorts in and around Bekal. We've been receiving good tourist numbers, which will increase when we provide air connectivity,\" he added.Asked if operations from Bajpe airport will cease after Kannur international airport comes up, Mansoor said: \"Mangalore airport is a convenient location for us as it has good connectivity to the Gulf countries, rather than Kannur. Once Kannur airport comes up, we can have services from both ends.''Airport sources said if the tourism industry leverages this aspect, it should boost the tourism potential of this region.Kerala tourism authorities said that accessibility to Bekal for tourists is quite inadequate, compared to other tourist destinations in India. Due to this reason, upmarket tourists are hesitant to include Bekal in their travel itinerary.Reaching Bekal means at least a two-hour drive from the nearest airport in Mangalore and the proposed airport at Kannur - hence, the need was felt for an airstrip at Bekal.The Bekal Resorts Development Corporation Ltd has taken the initiative to develop the airstrip at Kaniyamkundu (Kaikottukundu) in Periya village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17223433", "title": "Students spread cheer on festival of lights", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There's more to the festival of lights than opulently lit up streets and homes, as students of Panjab University, Chandigarh College of Engineering and Technology and Punjab Technical University (PTU) found out. On Diwali, these students took time out from shopping and socializing to pause and bring some warmth to people who have been left out in the cold.The students, part of the Phoenix Society, Chandigarh, visited the Department of Pediatrics, PGI, Snehalaya, Sector 39 and the old age home in Sector 15 to spend time with people and give them handmade greeting cards.For those starved of the good things of life, this came as reaffirmation of hope and for students, it came as a glow deep inside their hearts.The event, named 'Roshan-e-Art,' was organized by the Phoenix Society, under which students made greeting cards on the spot. \"To our surprise, students made more than 1,000 cards. We will present them with certificates and medals,\" Abhijit Rajan, a group member from Panjab University said.Students said they were happy to be reminded of things that really matter, the choice between inane Diwali formalities and the effort made to make someone feel special.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17222675", "title": "Interpol notice against HuJI suspect", "text": "HYDERABAD: The hopes of Indian intelligence agencies to get the alleged Harkatul-Jihad-e-Islami (HuJI) operative Mohammed Abdul Majeed deported from Saudi Arabia have brightened after the Interpol issued a Red Corner Notice against him.Majeed, an accused in the foiled Bengaluru terror plot, was declared a proclaimed offender by the City Crime Branch of Bengaluru police. With logistic support from an Old City youth Obaidur Rahman, he is reported to have masterminded the terror plan.The Bengaluru police busted the module and claimed before a local court that it was making efforts to have Abdul Majeed deported from Saudi Arabia where he is reportedly hiding. The intelligence agencies approached the Interpol through the Union home ministry to track down the suspect and have him deported to India.Abdul Majeed is a brother of Mohammed Abdul Shahed Bilal, a terror suspect who was killed along with his other brother Samad in Karachi reportedly by Pakistani intelligence agencies in 2008.Majeed was an accused in two cases registered in Gopalapuram police station. Both cases, registered following the blasts in Mecca Masjid, Lumbini Park and Gokul Chat Bhandar, were related to criminal conspiracy and waging war against the state. He was acquitted by court in both cases. He is reported to have left India for Saudi Arabia soon after his acquittal in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17223419", "title": "Fasting, feasting for bhai\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s sake", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a country as diverse as ours, rituals associated with every festival are different. But the essence remains the same and here in Chandigarh, people will celebrate Bhai Dooj in many different ways but with the same sentiment, strengthening of the brother-sister bond. You could call it Bhai Dooj, Bhau Bij, Bhai Phonta or anything else, as long as you get the feelings right.Bhai Dooj centres around the 'tilak' which, like the name of the festival, differs among communities. However, the symbolism of the 'tilak' is firmness, honour, brilliance, respect and faith. In West Bengal, women fast till the end of the rituals. \"Tilak is a very important part of the festival. We make 'tilak' using ghee or clarified butter, sandalwood paste and 'kaajal'. Later, the elder sibling gives the younger rice and 'durba', a variety of green grass considered auspicious. Rice symbolizes prosperity and grass symbolizes long life,\" Basundhara Das, a Bengali resident of Sector 27, Chandigarh explained. Eating 'kheer' and coconut 'ladoos' on the occasion is considered auspicious in 'Bhai Phonta,' she said.Men have it a little difficult in Maharashtra and Goa, where their sisters draw a square pattern on the floor and make them eat a bitter fruit called 'Karith' before getting them to sit in the square pattern. \"Once the square is complete, the brother is made to eat the bitter fruit and sit in the pattern. Then we pray for their well being and take gifts. The best part of 'Bhau Beej' is the 'Basundi Poori' or 'Shrikhand Poori' that is cooked specially for the occasion,\" Anupriya Bhagwat, a Marathi resident of Sector 45, Chandigarh said.In Gujarati, Bhai Beej is celebrated pretty much like it is celebrated here, with sisters applying the 'tilak' on their brothers' forehead and praying for their well being. Pritisha Paudal, a resident of Sector 31 from Nepal, said the 'tilak' women apply to their brothers' foreheads in that country is made of five colours, blue, green, red, white and yellow.No matter what colours are used, the only things that remains is the indelible colour of love and kinship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17221959", "title": "Management quota students eligible for education loan: HC", "text": "CHENNAI: Banks cannot deny education loans to students admitted under the management quota, the Madras high court has ruled.Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar, appreciating the timely intervention of the Union finance minister in September this year to clarify certain issues relating to educational loan and broadbase its application, said the Parangipettai branch of the Indian Overseas Bank branch was not justified in denying loan to B Vigneswaran.Vigneswaran, belonging to a community classified as most backward had lost his father early and his mother was an agricultural worker. After having secured 57.5% in Class 12, he joined BE (Electrical and Electronics Engineering) in Annamalai University under the management quota. His mother, with great financial difficulty, managed to pay 64,710 towards tuition fee for 2011-12.However, when he furnished his application for education loan along with a bona fide certificate, the bank rejected it saying he had got admission under the management quota and that he had failed to secure the mandatory minimum of 65% marks in Class 12.Justice Paul Vasanthakumar, rejecting the bank's stance, pointed out that an announcement by the Union finance minister on the education loan had prompted chief executives of public sector banks to hold a review meeting on September 12, 2012. Taking note of the grievances/complaints being received by the government from affected students, the review meeting decided to incorporate new clauses to regulate the education loan regime. As per their decision, in addition to other norms, meritorious students became eligible to claim education loan if they pursue courses under the management quota in an institution \"for reasons of convenience (read proximity to the institution) and choice of course.\"The judge pointed out that the student was a native of Cuddalore and he had chosen to join Annamalai University as the university was located near his residence. Therefore, the newly-evolved condition on education loans is applicable to him, the judge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17223124", "title": "In Pakistan, \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcHappy Diwali\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 trends on Twitter for two days", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sometimes, tweets can be stranger than fiction. Believe it or not, the greeting Happy Diwali trended on Twitter in Pakistan on Wednesday and Thursday.A topic makes it to the trends list when the number of tweets about it is relatively higher at a given point in time. Ironically, the bulk of tweets contributing to the trend were those where people wondered why it was trending in Pakistan. \"Happy Diwali on the top of trend list n Pakistan! Have to check again kahin India ke tou nhn dekh raha mein??\" tweeted @hasiib31, who wondered if he was looking at the Indian trends.@rickshawrani from Karachi took it positively and tweeted: \"You know what I like? I like the fact that Happy Diwali is the topmost trend in Pakistan today. #tolerance #acceptance.\"There were a fair number of sincere greetings as well. \"I am very much pleased to wish a Happy Diwali to all my Indian friends. We have to live a long time together so we must love one another,\" posted Lahore journalist @HassanNisarPK, in what turned out to be one of the most retweeted or shared tweets on Diwali eve.Former Interior minister of Pakistan Rehman Malik posted a series of tweets. \"Our prominent religious days teach us love, friendship, respect for each other. Moreover we share happy moments to forget our sorrows,\" he tweeted, followed by \"Happy Diwali to all my Hindu brothers and sisters. I wish u all the best. I hope all my friends in India are enjoying this joyful day.\"Interestingly, Happy Children's Day trended in India on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17227595", "title": "Vikram Prabhu's Kumki trailer", "text": "Kumki, the highly anticipated film since it is directed by Prabhu Soloman who's earlier film Mynaa won several awards and appreciations. Another aspect for this expectation is Vikram Prabhu, son of veteran actor Prabhu is making his debut as a hero in Kumki and Sundrapandian girl Lakshmi Menon as female lead.Vikram Prabhu recent;y said \"I am eagerly awaiting the release of Kumki. I can see the media interacts with my father like a family member. I hope I too earn that kind of support and trust from the media.\"Kumki is all set to release on 14th of December. The makers have released the trailer of Kumki recently. Here's the first trailer of Kumki!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17221424", "title": "Garhwa hostel without power, water", "text": "Garhwa: The lone hostel for students of the minority community at Palamu in Garhwa district has been functioning without basic amenities and infrastructure for the past four years. The district welfare department has failed to provide the students drinking water, electricity and sanitation.Set up in 2008, the 50-bed hostel at Unchri locality does not have a boundary wall and this has led to many incidents of theft. The hostel consists of 13 rooms. Though there is electricity in the hostel, the power supply has been disconnected owing to non-payment of bills. As a result, boarders are forced to live in the dark.\"We are facing difficulties because of the power problem,\" said Mushtaque Ansari, a student. He added that boarders cannot study at night. \"The worst sufferers are those preparing for medical and engineering entrance exams,\" said he.Moreover, there is only one hand pump for the entire hostel and it is not enough to meet the total requirements. \"We do not get adequate drinking water because most of the time outsiders use it,\" complained another student.There are seven toilets and an equal number of bathrooms in the hostel. But these cannot be used as there's no water and they are not hygienic. Students are forced to answer nature's call in the open.High voltage overhead wires pass through the middle of the hostel, said students. The hostel superintendent, Aftab Alam, said he was aware of the problems. \"The district welfare officer (DWO) has assured us that the grievances would be redressed soon,\" said he.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17231459", "title": "15 fishermen released by Pakistan reach home", "text": "VADODARA: Fifteen fishermen who were released from jail in Karachi, Pakistan last Sunday, reached their native Veraval area in Gujarat on Thursday.They had been arrested by Pakistani authorities for allegedly entering that country's waters while fishing.Some of them spent as many as nine months in Pakistani jails.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "17223176", "title": "24 gamblers arrested with Rs 46,000", "text": "MANALI: Police have arrested 24 gamblers and confiscated Rs 46,150 from them during the three days of Diwali celebrations in Kullu. Cops said more arrests are likely soon. The police had formed anti-gambling teams to check such incidents during Diwali and Lavi fair.Frequent raids are being conducted in Brow and Anni villages where gamblers camp for a week during Lavi fair of Rampur Bushahr. According to police, gamblers have booked rooms in advance and they change their location every year. An official at Brow police station said, \"Police have broken the peace of gamblers here, so they have changed their location to upper villages. Still, we have booked dozens of gamblers under the gambling Act.\"Hundreds of gamblers reach here for large bets from all parts of Himachal and neighbouring states. They camp here for week or more. 15 gamblers were arrested on Diwali day while dozens of others managed to escape. In most cases, gamblers were arrested from rented rooms of domestic houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "17221700", "title": "Miraculous escape for actor Siddique in mishap", "text": "KOLLAM: Film actor Siddique had a miraculous escape when the car in which he was travelling met with an accident at Kannetti Bridge near Karunagapally here early on Wednesday morning.Siddique escaped with minor scratches while his driver Hashim suffered an injury on his hand.The actor was going to his house at Kakkanad, Ernakulam after finishing shoot for a channel in Thiruvanathapuram when the Innova car in which he was travelling lost control and fell into a 10-ft-deep ditch by the side of the road. A tree also fell on the top of the car.The actor, sitting in the backseat, managed to get out of the car with the help of a taxi driver who stopped after seeing the accident. Karunagappally police rushed to the spot took the two to a private hospital. The two, however, continued their journey after preliminary treatment.\"It was a miraculous escape and thank God, I am doing well now,\" Siddique said.'By God's grace, I'm all right'KOCHI: He has donned a policeman's role several times, even punched a few of them in films, but 24 hours after his accident actor Siddique is all praise for the Kerala police. It was the night patrol team that took him to a hospital immediately after his car crashed near Karunagapally on Wednesday.\"I was sleeping in the backseat. We were on our way to Kochi when my car skidded and hit a tree, the card slewed sideways and came to rest on the opposite lane. IT was a blur, I heard a loud sound. I woke up and realized that our car had crashed. At that time a taxi driver - Nissar - who was on a trip, stopped his car and helped me. The door was locked from and he managed to open it. I woke up in shock. The night patrol police team arranged a crane to lift the car,\" said the actor.\"The police took me to hospital and arranged a vehicle for me to go home. It was God's grace and the prayers of my family and friends that saved me from the accident,\" he said.He praised Nissar for his timely help. \"He was hired for a trip to Thiruvananthapuram airport. Realizing that he would be needed around even after he rescued me, Nissar immediately arranged another car for his passenger so that they could continue their journey,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "raichur", "code": "17222109", "title": "Upbeat B S Yeddyurappa celebrates Diwali in Raichur district", "text": "RAICHUR: Taking a break from politics, former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa on Wednesday performed a special puja at Mantralaya mutt seeking divine intervention.The rebel BJP leader, who was in a jovial mood, said that the darshan of Jeeva Samadhi of the 17 the century saint-philosopher Guru Raghavendra Swami had boosted his confidence. Reason: He has got an invocatory message from Raghavendra Swami that he will succeed in his new venture and his newly founded Karnataka Janata Party is going to win the elections.Later, Yeddyurappa visited Malakapur village which was rebuilt after the 2009 floods and celebrated Diwali there by distributing saris. Buoyed by the freebie, people gathered in large numbers.The response was the same in other neighbouring villages including Ganadal, Gangawar and Talamari.But Yeddyurappa's loyalists maintained that the response was not because of the freebies. They wanted to catch a glimpse of their leader. People had gathered in large numbers at Ganadal, Gangawar , Mantralaya and Raichur town where there no freebies, they pointed out. \"At Ganadal there were more than 1,000 people against the village population of 600 people,'' they addedIn Malakapur village Yeddyurappa mingled with the villagers and gave away saris. \"My small gesture to you people on the occasion of Diwali , a tradition followed by us in the state. It's not for votes\" Yeddyurappa clarified while handing over the saris.BSY also had lunch with the villagers. On the platter were traditional sweets of North Karnataka such as holige, godi huggi and payasa , in addition to urries, mirchi baji and jowar rotis.Am a victim of conspiracyYeddyurappa also said that he was a victim of conspiracy hatched by \"sanna manssina dodda janaru( people in position with a mean mentality) in the party.At a press meet here, holding Eshwarappa, Ananth Kumar and Sadananda Gowda responsible for his present predicament, he said all these will be taught a lesson by the people. Though the state coffers are full, Sadananda Gowda and Shettar have failed to utilize the money for developmental works, he alleged.\"I am determined to float my own party where no body will dictate terms to me\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17221459", "title": "Clear hazardous waste at Cuncolim: Goa state pollution control board to Goa industrial development corporation", "text": "PANAJI: Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) directed Goa industrial development corporation (GIDC) to dispose off 25,000 tonnes of accumulated hazardous waste at Cuncolim industrial estate. The waste has been stored in a plot by Sunrise Zinc Ltd since 2007.A GSPCB inspection found that solid waste lying in heaps, gunny bags and some of it collected near the weigh bridge hazardous in nature as concentrations of chemicals exceeded the limits prescribed in Schedule II of the Hazardous Wastes (Management, Handling and Transboundary) Rules, 2008. A liquid sample from a well was compared to drinking water and the water was found to be contaminated.Board officials inspected the premises at the industrial unit and also collected solid and liquid waste samples for analysis.TOI had reported (on Nov 6, in the column Panchanama) of troubles faced by residents of Akamoll ward in Ambaulim village because of pollution caused by the industrial estate.GSPCB recommend the setting up of a captive landfill site for treatment and disposal of the accumulated hazardous waste at a quarry. GSPCB chairman Jose Noronha also directed GSIDC to submit a detailed action plan regarding compliance of directions.The order further sated that failure to comply with the directions will compel GSPCB to initiate legal action under provisions of the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986.Sunrise Zinc Ltd was involved in the production of copper, zinc and brass from copper dross, zinc skimmings and brass dross by solvent extraction. The company's unit had generated hazardous waste presently stacked in a plot at Cuncolim industrial estate.Earlier, the high court of Bombay at Goa had directed the unit to close and dispose the hazardous waste in a scientific manner. The petition in the high court had been filed by activist Oscar Martins.GSPCB analysis found:In solid samples, cadmium, copper, manganese, iron and lead were found to be exceeding the permissible limit as defined in Schedule II of the Hazardous Wastes (Management, Handling and Transboundary) rule, 2008In liquid samples, iron, manganese, copper, cadmium, lead, nickel were found to be exceeding the permissible limit defined for drinking water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17228252", "title": "First look of Bangaru Kodipetta", "text": "The first look of Bangaru Kodipetta, an upcoming Telugu film directed by Raj Pippalla, was unveiled by the production house. The film that's produced by Sunitha Tati under Guru Films, has Navdeep and Colors Swati in lead roles.The makers have released the first look of the film, which is a romantic entertainer. The shooting is currently progressing in Hyderabad and is almost done. Mahesh Shankar is composing the music for this film, Prasad Varma Penmatsa is providing dialogues and editing is by Chandrasekhar GV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17222711", "title": "Kerala State Road Transport Corporation to run special airport services", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Kerala State Road Transport Corporation has offered to ply its AC buses at regular intervals to the Trivandrum International Airport in the wake of the indefinite auto/taxi strike that begins on Thursday, according to KSRTC general manager G Venugopal.Airport director V N Chandran had recently requested chief minister Oommen Chandy to urge the KSRTC to resume its services to the airport. In his proposal, the director pointed out that the operation of low-floor buses to the terminal buildings at convenient intervals would be greatly beneficial to the passengers.However, the KSRTC is not fully convinced about the feasibility of the route. \"The low-floor buses are a stage carrier service and cannot be set aside for airport use. We have had AC buses services inside the airport in 2009, but it was not remunerative. A study needs to be done to ascertain its economic viability,\" said Venugopal.But Venugopal said that the KSRTC would pitch in as and when needed. \"I have asked the department to coordinate with the Airports Authority of India officials to ply services on Thursday so that buses can reach the terminal as per the flight timings,\" he said.Pick-up and drop to the airport constitutes around 33% of its daily income, said an official from Cell Cabs.\"The KSRTC cannot dismiss the Trivandrum International Airport as a non-feasible option. The number of flights has increased since 2009 and the operations begin as early as 6am and the last flight lands at around 11.20pm in the domestic terminal. This is the time the taxis charge double the normal fare. Starting a bus service will be greatly beneficial,\" said an airport official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17221195", "title": "R Ashwin, Pragyan Ojha complement each other: MS Dhoni", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It is said bowlers hunt in pairs. Indian off-spinner R Ashwin and left-arm spinner Pragyan Ojha will try to justify this adage when they get into business in the first Test against England.They have different styles but have bowled well in tandem in the recent past and for the hosts, a lot will depend on how these two bowl in this series.Skipper MS Dhoni feels Ashwin and Ojha understand each other well. \"If the wicket is not turning Ojha is someone who can keep it tight.Ashwin is a more aggressive bowler. He has plenty of variations and he loves to use them,\" said Dhoni.\"Ojha can keep one end tight giving Ashwin the opportunity to attack more from the other end. But roles can change. We have seen Ojha giving us the breakthroughs and Ashwin doing the containing job, and both of them still getting wickets.The best part is that if there is something for them in the wicket, they come into play very quickly in the game.\"Dhoni feels that having Harbhajan Singh as the third spinner in the squad helps Ashwin and Ojha, as the veteran Punjab off-spinner can share his vast experience of bowling in home conditions with his younger teammates.\"Bhajji definitely features among the top four or five spinners in India and the good thing is that he is now part of the side for this series. Ojha has played with him in quite a few games but Ashwin hasn't.Ashwin's style is different from Bhajji, but I feel Ashwin will gain a lot by working with Bhajji,\" said the skipper.Dhoni added that Ashwin, who can bowl different deliveries \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the flipper, the off-spin, the leg-spin, the googly and the carom ball - should use his variations intelligently.\"A majority of his deliveries are off spin and it is important for him to concentrate on the stock delivery and use the variations as variations... he has done that really well so far and it will only get better with experience,\" said Dhoni.Cook's corner\"All through the tour we have said that we have wanted to get used to conditions. It is for the first time since I've been playing that we've had three practice games.We'd have liked to face more quality spinners but we can't control that. What we have had available, we've had some excellent bowlers in the nets.\"\"We're ready, that's the reason why we came here three weeks in advance. You're always going to lose wickets. We can always deal with what is thrown at us.\"It is great to have Kevin back. What I don't want to change is his confidence, his swagger when he bats because that's what has made him such a great player.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17221680", "title": "A pond that was to be a park", "text": "CHENNAI: Partially submerged in rain water, a cement signage in Thoraipakkam identifies the place as \"a public park.\" But for the signage, the place looks anything but a pond, with floating hyacinths and probably fish.As any other water body, this one too has garbage dumped in it. And yes, it is an ideal breeding ground for mosquitoes. Thoraipakkam residents say this is but one of the many civic problems they face. Thoraipakkam corporation covers the areas of Vinayaganagar, Anand Nagar, RE Nagar, Sai Baba Nagar , Balaji Nagar and MCN Nagar. A rapidly developing area, it's the preferred residence of IT professionals and retired government officials.In 1987, the then Madras Municipal Development Authority earmarked 11 grounds in RE Nagar for construction of a public park within two years and allocated funds for it. The yellow board announcing the same was erected in 2002 but the area became a swamp after nothing was done. On entering the area one finds a live transformer held precariously by two bamboo poles. Further down the road, several of which are not tarred, walking is impossible in the thick slush from the open sewage channel.Surendaran, a retired SBI manager says snakes from the hyacinths enter houses. \"At times we feel we are living in a forest,\" he said. At 10pm, there is not one functioning street lamp. There has been several chain snatching incidents, but police patrolling is minimum, residents said.Water supply from the corporation is restricted to residents of two apartments, Park Villa and Rozallia and the rest of the people have to depend on bore wells and water tankers,\" said Satyanarayanan, a retired government official who lives here. The residents alleged that the local ward councillor was not of much help. Complaints to the mayor, commissioner and the chief minister's public grievance cell fell have not done any good.A letter from the corporation dated July 8, 2012, a copy of which is with TOI, says the complaint has been received and assigned ticket no. 305900. \"A representative will follow-up on the complaint as soon as possible.\" That is yet to happen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17228563", "title": "Rahman to release new private album?", "text": "A.R. Rahman , whose first private album \"Vande Mataram\" met with overwhelming response in 1997, is contemplating launching of a new album. The album's title song \"Maa tujhe salaam\" struck a chord with listeners.\"It's been 15 years since my first private album came out. I could never do another album as a self expression like ' Maa Tujhe Salaam ' due to my film commitments and the journey of my life becoming unpredictable,\" Rahman posted on his Facebook page.\"But, it's always been interesting and challenging. Is it time for another one?\" he added.Rahman's ' Vande Mataram ' is said to be one of the largest selling Indian non-film albums to date.The composer made his debut with Mani Ratnam's ' Roja ' and from then on has gone to give a number of hits. He won two Academy awards for his work in Danny Boyle's ' Slumdog Millionaire '.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17222181", "title": "Govt mulls apartments for poor", "text": "HUBLI: After finding it difficult to scout for vast stretches of land to build houses for the poor under various schemes like Ashraya Yojana and Rajiva Awas Yojana, the government is now planning to make best use of the limited land resources and build apartments for the weaker sections of the society instead of independent houses that occupy more space.Chief minister Jagadish Shettar told TOI that the government has decided to build apartments for the poor who apply for houses under different schemes.The plan is to accommodate about 2,000-3,000 people in each apartment complex. The Hubli-Dharwad Urban Development Authority (HDUDA), HDMC and the slum board have been directed to identify lands to construct apartments. In the next couple of months, land will be finalized, Shettar said.Non-availability of land is the biggest deterrent for the HDUDA, HDMC and the slum board in implementing various housing schemes for the poor.\"In a city like Hubli, cost of private land per acre has shot up to Rs 50 to 60 lakh while farmers are demanding Rs 1 crore per acre. But, the government limit is Rs 3-4 lakh per acre, so we cannot find land at our government rates now. Hence, we have decided to build apartments which occupy less land but accommodate more people,\" Shettar said.The government will give subsidy and low interest loan to people to buy a flat in the apartment, on par with financial support given to get houses under various housing schemes, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17222385", "title": "No Telugu film for Goa fest", "text": "HYDERABAD: Not a single Telugu film will be screened at the 43rd International Film Festival of India, ( IFFI- 2012) beginning in Goa from November 19. That means the Telugu film industry will go unrepresented at the centenary celebrations of Indian cinema.In further embarrassment to Tollywood, regional films in Kannada, Malayalam and Tamil have found a place in the all-important Indian Panorama section where the best of the country's films will be showcased to the international audience. In fact there are as many as five Malayalam movies in the section. While movies in Assamese, Bengali, Bhojpuri, Byari, Hindi/Marathi, Hindi/English, Konkani and Punjabi have met the criteria but none from Telugu have made the cut.Enquiries by TOI revealed that as many as 9 entries were received in Telugu but only four made it to the central committee. The committee selected a total of 18 films from all languages but not a single Telugu film was found worth for the list. These include 'Ela Aithe Ela', 'Maa Voori Jogini', 'Mallela Theernam' and 'Minugurulu'. There were also other films like 'Oka Romantic Crime Katha', 'Omkaram', 'Prathyayanam' and 'Veerangam' which the three sub-groups of jury watched and did not send to the central committee as, in their opinion, the movies did not have enough stuff to go for final selection. The nine-member committee selected only films that would bring Indian cinema recognition in front of an international audience and did not mind selecting more than one film from one language.P K Manvi, academic, producer and director from Hyderabad, was part of the jury apart from members from West Bengal, Chennai, Bangalore, Trivandrum, Mumbai, and Delhi. Manvi who is the dean of Ramoji Academy of Film and Television told TOI that there were good reasons why Telugu films did not interest the jury. While some of the films had a routine theme, the others either lacked the technical quality to make the grade because films from other languages were simply better in many aspects. \"There should have been more entries of Telugu films. Some big films like 'Eega' were not even sent to be considered for selection to be screened in the Indian panorama section,\" Manvi said. Last year only one Telugu film 'Virodhi', starring Srikanth was selected for the Indian panorama.While no Telugu feature film has made it to the Indian panorama section, in the non-feature films category also there is no Telugu film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17225560", "title": "Sunil\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s new movie is titled Mr.Pellikoduku", "text": "Putting an end to all the speculation, the makers of Sunil- Isha Chawla starrer has titled the film as Mr. Pellikoduku. After considering several names to the Bollywood remake film Tanu weds Manu, Mr. Pellikoduku title has been finalized officially. The shooting of the film is almost done except for a song and the post production works are going on simultaneously.Sunil is once again paired up with Isha Chawla in this romantic comedy after Poolarangadu. He is reprising the role that was originally essayed by Madhavan while Isha Chawla steps into the shoes of Kangana Ranaut for the Telugu version.The movie is being directed by Devi Prasad (Blade Babji fame) and S.A. Rajkumar is composing the music. RB.Chowdhary is presenting the film produced by NV.Prasad and Paras Jain on Mega Super Good films. Other cast includes Ali, Dharmavarapu, Ahuti Prasad, Raghu Babu, MS.Narayana, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17210320", "title": "High on Diwali \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcspirit\u00e2\u20ac\u2122, 143 motorists booked", "text": "MUMBAI: The traffic police recorded 143 cases of drunk driving in a crackdown on the night before Lakshmi Puja. Personnel from all 25 traffic chowkies in the city were involved in the drive which went on till early hours of Tuesday.\"On the night prior to a big festival like Holi, Diwali or New Year, people usually step out for parties. We want to prevent fatal accidents due to drunk driving. Senior traffic police officers too were present during Monday night's drive, which began at 11pm and concluded around 2pm,\" an official said. Nakabandis were set up and barricades put up at all major junctions.\"Despite awareness being created, we were surprised to come across some motorists with very high blood-alcohol levels. Several driving luxury cars were also intercepted,\" said senior inspector Anant Kenjale of Borivli (E) traffic chowkie. \"Our team was told to be alert as our nakabandi was on Western Express Highway, from where most vehicles leave the city limits. Rash driving and speeding cases also rise on nights prior to festivals. We recorded 18 cases of drunk driving on Monday night,\" he added.Offenders were booked under Section 185 of MVA and had to shell out a deposit of Rs 2,000. To avoid alerting offenders beforehand, traffic cops are told about the drives two hours before it being executed.Drunk drivingTill November 08, 2012, 9,769 drunk driving cases were recorded3,991 offenders were sentenced to imprisonmentDriving licences of 3,112 motorists were suspended", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17221602", "title": "Gurgaon unsafe for children as 41 children go missing", "text": "GURGAON: Gurgaon is increasingly becoming unsafe for children. As per police records, 41 children went missing from the city during the past 11 months while the recovery rate was very slow.With Faridabad topping the list of districts with 65 missing children, Gurgaon is second and Sonipat is third with 34 children disappearing since January 2012. Another cause for concern is that the maximum number of missing children are in the age group of 13-16 years.A senior police officer said that out of the missing children, 21 are boys and the rest are girls. Most of them are from poor families. \"Though the number of missing children is less as compared to the previous year, it is still alarming and the possibilities of trafficking cannot be ruled out,\" he said.Police sources admit that the city's proximity to Delhi and Rajasthan borders makes it an ideal spot for trafficking of children. Sources also said that a few children have been recovered from adjoining districts or have returned by themselves.\"In Haryana, police do not file an FIR and at the same time many families, especially in the case of girls, do not report the matter to avoid social stigma associated with elopement of females,\" said Rishi Kant, spokesperson of NGO Shakti Vahini, which runs Childline in Gurgaon.He also said after their campaigns Gurgaon police have started filing FIRs in child-related cases but there is still need for more awareness and sensitivity among cops. \"There is immediate need for the police department and social organizations to strengthen their setups and work in convergence to curb the menace,\" he said.According to recent guidelines of the ministry of home affairs (MHA), cops should immediately file an FIR in the case of missing children and the matter should be taken on top priority. Apart from this, there is need to check illegal placement agencies which are rampant in Gurgaon as they lure poor families.Another social activist said, on condition of anonymity, that child trafficking cases were on the rise where minor victims were forced to work as domestic helps, labourers or sex workers and sometimes even forced into marriage. He said female foeticide and atrocities on women were the main causes for such a trend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17221720", "title": "CM gave a favourable response: Venugopal", "text": "KOCHI: Giving a boost to Greater Cochin Development Authority's (GCDA) proposal to set up a metropolitan development authority, chief minister Oommen Chandy and urban affairs minister Manjalamkuzhi Ali held talks with the authority's representatives at Thiruvananthapuram on Wednesday.GCDA chairman N Venugopal said: \"Chief minister Oommen Chandy responded favourably and asked GCDA to get the approval of its executive committee. After that, the issue will be discussed with the department concerned and then it will be placed before the state cabinet. If the cabinet approves the proposal, it would be forwarded to the urban development ministry.\"He added that Sudhir Krishna, secretary, urban development ministry had earlier told GCDA to take up the issue with the state government. With the intention of taking development beyond the limits of Kochi corporation, GCDA proposes to include places such as Thodupuzha, Kodungallur, Vaikom, Chalakudy and Cherthala under the ambit of a metropolitan area.It is pointed out that soon after he assumed charge, Oommen Chandy had said his government would consider the formation of a metropolitan council for Kochi. GCDA prepared a report based on chief minister's instruction and the proposal hinted at covering areas such as Thrissur, Alappuzha, Kottayam and Idukki.GCDA also asked the government to lift the cap on the amount that could be sanctioned by the authority. At present, the authority can allot up to Rs 50 lakh for executing development projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "17221281", "title": "Doubts raised over safety of water at Canacona", "text": "CANACONA: Is the potable water supplied by the PWD to villages in Canacona taluka and the tourism belt of the taluka treated properly? Doubts have arisen as the government has not replaced the chemist who retired nearly four months ago from the water treatment plant at Shristall and some consumers have complained that they were getting muddy water at times.PWD engineers have ruled out the possibility of supplying untreated water to the consumers in the absence of chemist-cum-lab technician. But some villagers have raised apprehensions that the treatment of water at the plant may not be done properly. The 5MLD water treatment plant does not have the services of a chemist after the retirement of Shanta Warik and raw water from Chapoli dam is directly connected to water plant.Executive engineer Sunil Kalekar told TOI that the plant does not have the services of a chemist for the last four months after the retirement of the chemist and new replacement has not yet been made. He further said that the proposal to recruit a new chemist was forwarded much before the retirement of existing chemist to the authorities, but so far nothing has been done. He said he has spoken to local MLA and sports minister Ramesh Tawadkar in this regard.Mahesh Raikar, sarpanch from Shristall village panchayat, said that treatment of water of Chapoli dam should be done properly, alleging that there is high possibility of pollution of water in the dam especially during and soon after monsoon as garbage and other matter dumped in the open is washed into the dam area.Canacona health officer Vinod Naik said that vector-borne diseases in Canacona taluka are on the rise during the last few years and this is attributed to water pollution. Dilip Kenkre, vice-chairperson of Canacona municipality, has said that the water pipeline from Chapoli dam to Shristall water treatment plant is very old and bursts many times requiring replacement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "fujairah (uae)", "code": "17232250", "title": "Ganguly beats Gupta in Fujairah International Chess", "text": "FUJAIRAH (UAE): Grandmaster Surya Shekhar Ganguly outwitted higher rated compatriot Abhijeet Gupta to maintain a clean slate after the end of the second round of Fujairah International Chess tournament on Thursday.Ganguly, who had been recently struggling with his form, played a consistent game to get the better of his former World junior champion opponent and capitalised on a blunder in the endgame to jump to two points from as many games in the super-strong open tournament.Apart from Ganguly, GM Sandipan Chanda was the other notable Indian winner at the expense of International Master V Saravanan.The $50,500 prize money tournament finds no 2700 rated players among the leaders as all four have dropped a half point now.Top seed Baadur Jobava of Georgia had to sign peace with Gadir Guseinov of Azerbaijan while Etienne Bacort of France achieved the same result against Solak Dragan of Turkey.Second seed Liem Le Quang of Vietnam was in for a bigger surprise as he was outdone by Andrey Sumits of Ukraine and the latter now finds himself in a five-way lead with an absolute score.The other leaders are Ganguly, Yu Ruiyuan of China, Vladislav Tkachiev of France and Yaroslav Zherebukh of Ukraine.A pack of 17-players follow the five leaders a half point behind and this list includes most of the big-wigs of the tournament including Jobava, Bacrot, Alexander Moiseenko of Ukraine and the lone Indian in Sandipan Chanda.The other Indians aspirants again had mixed results. Debashish Das went down fighting against Moiseenko who played black while Vishnu Prasanna was not good enough against Tigran Petrosian of Armenia. Even Akshat Khamparia, who showed much promise in the opener, could not tackle the effective play by Ni Hua of China.On the brighter side, Ankit Rajpara, Aditya Udeshi, Ashwin Jayaram and Anurag Mahamal scored victories over lower ranked opponents to remain in the hunt for a Grandmaster norm from here.Ganguly opted for a closed Berlin as white against Gupta and the position remained level for a long time. The Kolkata GM was in no mood to relent and kept pushing for more when he had some miniscule chances and following an inaccuracy by Gupta managed to complicate the position in his favour when the rook and pawns endgame arrived.Gupta should have drawn with correct play but a huge oversight despite having more time on his clock proved futile as Ganguly benefitted the capture of one of the advanced pawn through a check. It was all over soon after.Important and Indian results round 2 (Indians unless stated): Baadur Jobava (Geo, 1.5) drew with Gadir Guseinov (Aze, 1.5); Andrey Sumets (Ukr, 2) beat Liem Le Quang (Vie, 1); Etienne Bacrot (Fra, 1.5) drew with Zaven Andriasian (Arm, 1.5); Yuriy Kryvoruchko (Ukr, 1.5) drew with Solak Dragan (Tur, 1.5); Surya Shekhar Ganguly (2) beat Abhijeet Gupta (1); Vladislav Tkachiev (Fra, 2) beat Yuri Solodovnichenko (Ukr, 1); Yaroslav Zherebukh (Ukr, 2) beat A R Salem Saleh (Uae, 1); Debashis Das (1) lost to Alexander Moiseenko (Ukr, 1.5); Tigran Petrosian (Arm, 1.5) beat Vishnu Prasanna (0.5); Sandipan Chanda (1.5) beat V Saravanan (0.5); Akshat Khamparia (0.5) lost to Ni Hua (Chn, 1.5); Arjun Bharat (0) lost to Ashwin Jayaram (1); Tejas Bakre (1) beat Salih Akar Ali Salih (Irq, 0); Elarbi Abobker (Lba, 0.5) drew with S Satyapragyan (0.5); Ankit Rajpara beat Jasem Saleh (Uae, 0); Ben Nasser Khaled (Lba, 0) lost to Anurag Mhamal (1): Sagar Shah (1) beat Ozolins Aris (Lat, 0); Salem Mahjob (Lba, 0) lost to Aditya Udeshi (1).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17222559", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dc50% cigarette price hike can save 40L\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: Increasing cigarette prices by 50% would help avoid over 40 lakh tobacco related deaths in India, said a report released by multilateral funding agency Asian Development Bank .\"A 50% price increase in cigarettes avoids about 27 million (or 2.70 crore) tobacco-attributable deaths, most of which are in the two most populous countries in the world. China would avoids nearly 20 million tobacco deaths, and India over 4 million tobacco deaths,\" said the report.For India, it said, the 50% rise in cigarette prices corresponds to increase of 70-122% rise in tax increase.As per the report, China, India, Philippines, Thailand and Vietnam in Asia are among the top five of the 15 tobacco using countries that account for two-third of the world tobacco consumption.For each of the five most tobacco consuming countries in Asia, \"increasing taxes on cigarettes would result in substantially fewer long-term smokers and a reduction in premature deaths from tobacco-related diseases, while increasing tax revenues.\"In India, the report said that bidi is the most common type of smoked tobacco. It remains largely untaxed and their taxation strategies differ from the established patterns of taxation of cigarettes, which are administratively easier to tax than are bidis or other types of tobacco.\"Moreover, cigarette smoking is steadily displacing bidi smoking in India. Thus, it makes sense for governments to focus on taxation strategies for cigarettes while expanding efforts to tax tobacco products more broadly,\" it said. The poorest socioeconomic groups in each country bear only a relatively small part of the extra tax burdens, but reap a big proportion of the health benefits of reduced smoking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17223266", "title": "Govt earmarks income bar for LIG", "text": "NEW DELHI: Families living in cities and towns with annual income of up to Rs 1 lakh or monthly earning of up to Rs 8,334 will fall in the category of economically weaker section (EWS), according to new criteria formulated by the housing and urban poverty alleviation ministry.Households having income between Rs 1 lakh and Rs 2 lakh or monthly earning of up to Rs 16,667 will be classified as low income group (LIG).The ministry, however, did not revise the income criteria for middle income group (MIG) and high-income group (HIG) segment, arguing that these segments did not fall under its purview.The decision to raise the bar on annual income needed to qualify for benefits under housing schemes such as Rajiv Awas Yojana and credit risk guarantee fund for EWS and LIG is expected to benefit 20 lakh people over the next five years.The ministry plans to provide credit risk guarantee to lending institutions against housing loans up to Rs 5 lakh for new borrowers in the EWS/LIG categories through Rs 1,000 crore credit risk guarantee fund.\"The decision will ensure availability of bank loans for more poor people living in pathetic conditions in cities under credit guarantee fund scheme,\" housing and urban poverty alleviation minister Ajay Maken told TOI.\"Also, these people will be able to take benefits under Rajiv Awas Yojana and EWS housing schemes,\" he added.Maken has been arguing that lower income criteria forces people to bribe officials to get false income certificates. The worrying fact before the government is that out of total housing shortage of 18.78 million units, the majority of it is in the EWS (56%) and LIG (39.4%) segments.The ministry is going to convey the decision to banks, financial institutions and state governments, urging them to implement it with immediate effect.At present, the income criteria for selection of beneficiaries under various schemes of the ministry is a monthly household income of up to Rs 5,000 or annual income of Rs 60,000 for EWS and Rs 5,001 to Rs 10,000 or up to 1.2 lakh for LIG segments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17224936", "title": "Fawad Ahmed to be granted a permanent visa", "text": "MUMBAI: The Australian cricket community offers its congratulations to Fawad Ahmed, who will be granted a permanent visa by Immigration Minister Chris Bowen, subject to undertaking the normal health and security checks.A spokesman for the Immigration Minister said in a statement: \"The Immigration Minister Chris Bowen has personally considered Mr Ahmed's case and decided to grant a permanent visa for him to be able to stay, work and play cricket in Australia, subject to the normal health and security checks which he'll now undertake.\"Fawad, who spent last week in Brisbane bowling his leg-spin to the Australian batsmen in preparation for the Vodafone Test series against South Africa, is very pleased with the Minister's decision.\"I'm grateful to the government and everyone who helped me with my application. It is overwhelming, I'm really happy,\" Fawad said.Fawad dreams of one day playing at state level or in the KFC T20 Big Bash League, so this outcome brings him a step closer towards achieving those goals.Cricket Australia CEO, James Sutherland, says the Minister's decision is a fantastic result for Fawad and for cricket.\"The Australian cricket community has really come together in support of Fawad, and we are just so thrilled with the news.\"Cricket Australia would like to thank the Immigration Minister for his personal consideration of Fawad's case, and for his decision to grant Fawad a permanent visa.\"This is proof that through cricket, we can help achieve life-changing outcomes for people.\"Australia's opening batsman Ed Cowan, who scored his maiden Test century in Brisbane on Monday, has been a mentor and friend of Fawad's during what has been an anxious time for everyone.\"We often see considerable negativity surrounding asylum seekers, so it's incredibly pleasing that an educated, skilful and compassionate young man like Fawad has been given the chance to make a life for himself in Australia.\"We have all been touched by his story and immensely proud of how far he has come.\"Cricket Victoria CEO Tony Dodemaide was equally delighted with the news and excited about Fawad's future prospects here in Australia.\"Fawad has made a significant contribution to Hoppers Crossing Cricket Club, Melbourne University Cricket Club and Cricket Victoria as a cricketer.\"Fawad is Cricket Victoria's Multicultural Liaison Officer and Harmony in Cricket Ambassador, and we look forward to seeing further contributions from him, not only to the cricket community, but to the greater Victorian community as well.\"Melbourne University Cricket Club President, Derek Bennett, has been immensely pleased with Fawad's contribution at their Club.\"Fawad is an exceptionally talented cricketer and his remarkable story has affected everyone at MUCC. We admire his extraordinary resilience and are delighted that he now has the opportunity to pursue his dreams without the fear of persecution.\"We congratulate Minister Bowen on making a decision that is both fair and will be very beneficial to Fawad and to our community.\"As a result of the Minister's decision, Fawad can now look to the future with confidence and certainty. Cricket congratulates Fawad and looks forward to seeing him continue his outstanding contribution to cricket, both on and off the field.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17225526", "title": "Slow men rule in cricket's fastest format", "text": "MUMBAI: It might be cricket's fastest format, but it's the slow bowlers who will again look to be some of T20's leading men when the KFC T20 Big Bash League starts in 22 days.The league will be home to an elite squad of T20 spin bowlers in BBL|02 - including 14 with international experience - after they became the hottest property on the market during the off-season.International superstars Muttiah Muralitharan , Sunil Narine and the world's top-ranked T20 bowler, Saeed Ajmal , headline the list of new spinners to the BBL while a number have switched teams. Aaron O'Brien, the fifth most economical bowler in BBL 01, has moved from the Adelaide Strikers to Melbourne Renegades, Glenn Maxwell has crossed Melbourne from the Renegades to the Stars and Shahid Afridi has linked with Chris Gayle at the Sydney Thunder.Promising Australians Cameron Boyce (Strikers), Clive Rose (Stars) and Ashton Agar (Scorchers) are among those who will play in the BBL for the time.These players, along with established names Shane Warne (Stars), Dan Vettori (Heat), Xavier Doherty (Hurricanes), Brad Hogg and Michael Beer (Scorchers), will form a high-quality spin bowling group in this season's BBL.\"Spinners have done really well in the Twenty20 format so hopefully we keep doing well in this competition as well,\" Muralitharan says.\"It's not easy to hit spin because you vary the pace of the ball. Some players also turn the ball and have a lot of different deliveries these days so people struggle to read them.\"I watched some matches last year because I was playing in New Zealand. It was fun because there were a lot of good players involved and it was a great success. Hopefully we see it this year as well. There are a lot of great players playing in the tournament and hopefully this year will be successful as well like the IPL.\"The demand for proven slow bowlers is no surprise given slow bowling's effectiveness in BBL|01. Of players who bowled at least 12 overs, the three most economical (and seven of the top 10) were spinners with Hogg, Stephen O'Keefe and Luke Doran leading the way with an average economy rate of 5.81 runs per over.Overall, the top 10 spinners conceded 6.45 runs per over against a league-wide average scoring rate of 7.94. By comparison the top 10 fast bowlers conceded 7.11 runs per over.\"It's no secret that we feel spin is a big part of T20,\" Strikers coach Darren Berry says.\"'Spin to win' has always been a flavour of mine as coach and with Botha, Lyon and now Ajmal, we believe we have secured three of the best spinners in the world.\"When Jon Holland unfortunately went down with his shoulder injury, we probably strategically moved to secure another quality spinner and we're delighted to be able to secure Ajmal.\"The ICC's player rankings further illustrate slow bowling's influence in T20. The top five ranked international bowlers (and eight of the top 10) are spinners, including three who will play in the KFC T20 Big Bash League, led by world no.1 and new Strikers recruit Ajmal. The Strikers also have Johan Botha (No.5) while the Sydney Thunder's Afridi is ranked no.7.There are 11 contracts still to be offered before the final squads of 18 players must be submitted on 30 November 2012, leaving room for teams to bolster their slow bowling ranks even further before the league starts on 7 December with the BIG MELBOURNE DERBY between the Renegades and Stars at Etihad Stadium. The following night, the BIG SYDNEY DERBY will be played between the Sixers and Thunder at the SCG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "synopsis", "code": "17225166", "title": "Thuppakki", "text": "Synopsis: Captain Jagadish D (Vijay) comes home to Mumbai to spend his holidays. His parents want him to get married or at least select a girl before he leaves, but he inadvertently gets embroiled in a plot by terrorists to target the city.Movie review: It was a masterstroke by director A R Murugadoss to locate ' Thuppakki ' (gun) in Mumbai, racked as it has been by numerous attacks on its business district and financial hotspots. Not only does it draw the attention of the public to the serious problems posed by terrorists to the country, it also adds to the authenticity of the story and its settings.It is also good that filmmakers are dedicating movies to the army men(and also their families), but it would be even better if they move beyond tokenism, do their research properly and don't portray members of the armed forces as caricatures. Most Hollywood films hire military experts to get their act right, but obviously none was on board for this film. And so, there are bloopers galore, the best example being the interactions between Vijay and his senior, played by Jayaram. A little more attention to detail and a little research could have helped avoid such mistakes, which are jarring in a movie by such a senior director.But if you are ready to ignore goofs like these and some gaps in logic, the movie is an enjoyable watch because of Vijay's powerhouse performance. The movie has already taken a stupendous opening, and is the next in his ever growing list of hits after ' Kaavalan ', ' Velayutham ' and ' Nanban '. He dances like a dream in song sequences (watch out for 'Google, Google') and packs quite a punch in action sequences. There is a quiet confidence in the way he delivers his dialogues and in the way he carries himself throughout the movie.The other strong point of the movie is the screenplay by Murugadoss and the tight editing by Sreekar Prasad. Not for one minute do they allow the movie to sag nor do they allow any dull scenes to impede its flow. And with the superb work behind the camera by Santosh Sivan, the audience will find it difficult to move their eyes away from the screen.Kajal Agarwal has a light role and makes the best use of it. Her chemistry with Vijay in the comic sequences adds to the fun component of the movie.The ending of the movie has been left open, and it may have been intentional with Murugadoss eyeing a sequel. That may or may not be so, but one thing is sure: ' Thuppakki ' will definitely be picked up by a big Bollywood star for a remake. For, the gun was bang on target.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17221665", "title": "Drunk man strangles pregnant wife for dosa", "text": "CHENNAI: A drunk man strangled his pregnant wife because she refused to make dosa for him. Police are on the lookout for the man.Police said Srinivasulu, 25, a construction worker, got back to his house in Pallikaranai drunk on Tuesday night and demanded that Geetha, 20, make dosa for him. The woman, who was six-months pregnant with their first child, said she was not feeling too well. \"From the woman's statement before she died, we understand that he kicked her in the abdomen and then strangled,\" a policeman said.Geetha, who was taken to a hospital by neighbours, died on Wednesday morning. Police said the couple hailed from Hyderabad. They had moved to Chennai recently and Srinivasulu found work at a construction site. They had been married for three years.Police said the man is absconding and that teams are searching for him.Quoting their neighbours, police said Srinivasulu was a habitual drinker who frequently fought with his wife. On Tuesday night, he came home drunk and tried to drag Geetha into the kitchen to make dosas. \"When she said she was tired, he kicked her and strangled her. When she fainted, he fled the scene,\" a policeman said.Hearing the commotion, some neighbours rushed in. Seeing the woman in a dangerous state, some of them shifted her to the Government Kasturba Gandhi Hospital for Women and Children, Triplicane. She died on Wednesday morning.The incident has shocked the neighbourhood. Women in the locality were angry at Srinivasulu and said they would thrash him if he came to the neighbourhood. They offered to depose against him before investigators. Neighbours told police that he always ill-treated his wife and never gave her money to run the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17222649", "title": "Goods worth crores gutted in half dozen fire incidents", "text": "BHOPAL: Fire broke out in over half-a-dozen places and goods worth crores of rupees gutted on Diwali. Though the exact reasons of fire were yet to be ascertained, primarily crackers and lamps were believed to be the cause at a majority of incidents.The police have registered separate cases in incidents and started investigation.In the first incident, the fire broke out in four godowns in Jinsi area near slaughter house. Electronic goods, including televisions, LCDs, refrigerators, washing machines and others worth crore of rupees were gutted in the blaze.The Jehangirabad police have registered a case in this regard on the complaint of Rajesh Gupta, Prem Chand, Sanjay Kumar and Prashant Gupta. The complaints have the possession of the godowns. It took more than four hours for half a dozen fire tenders to douse flames, the police added.In the second incident, a godown used for keeping tent material, including quilts and other things caught fire in Bairagarh. The police said godown in question is in F-3 ward of Bairagarh. It reportedly belonged to Rajesh Kumar. Goods worth around Rs 15 lakh were gutted in the incident. Besides, a beauty salon of Shankar Lal caught fire in Onetree Hills, Bairagarh. Goods worth a lakh of rupees were destroyed in the incident, the police added.A shop of plastic pipes and hardware material caught fire near Bhopal Talkies in Hamidia Road. The cost of the goods destroyed was yet to be ascertained, the police added.A godwon was gutted near Irani Dera on Vidisha road. The police said plastic material was stored in it. In the incident, goods were lakhs were destroyed.A seized car outside the Misrod police station also caught fire in the night. The police said the vehicle was seized more than two years ago. It was believed that the car caught fire due to crackers. Fire tender was called to douse the flames, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17221829", "title": "Collector forms team to survey land for Metro", "text": "KOCHI: Expediting the land acquisition process for Kochi Metro rail project, the revenue authorities have decided to conduct a survey of the Edappally-Aluva stretch of the national highway. At a meeting of revenue officials convened by district collector P I Sheikh Pareeth on Wednesday, it was decided to constitute a 20-member squad to conduct the survey.To ensure that there are no traffic jams due to the construction of pillars on the median along the national highway, it has been decided to widen the road on this stretch. Sources, who attended the meeting that went on till late Wednesday night, said that the 20- member squad will be divided into two teams to conduct survey on either side of the 12 km stretch.\"Besides conducting a survey, the team will also identify encroachments along the stretch as well as decide on the extent of land that needs to be acquired for Kochi metro rail project. Land will also be identified for road widening,\" said deputy collector, land acquisition, Mohandas Pillai.The revenue department is waiting for the government order to acquire land. But the Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL), the special purpose vehicle floated for the construction of metro rail, has not submitted the land acquisition proposal to the state government.As the KMRL went on delaying the submission, revenue authorities decided to start the survey without waiting for it. In fact, the KMRL had submitted a proposal to acquire land earlier. Later they changed the requirement to provide parking spaces and construct the metro village. This necessitated a new proposal for land acquisition.Last week, a joint team of KMRL, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation and revenue officials had conducted an inspection of the location for stations for metro.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17227563", "title": "Swamy Ra Ra nearing completion", "text": "The shooting of Nikhil-Swathi starrer Swamy Ra Ra is nearing completion as debutante director Sudheer Varma films the climax action scenes on the the film's lead cast.Swamy Ra Ra has a pretty whacky plot line as it revolves around a Ganesh idol, and everybody in the film wants to get their hands on it. The film is primarily an entertainer with elements of crime thriller thrown in. \"I play a very intelligent character and the comedy is not the routine slap stick variety we generally see in Telugu films. The action is also going to be very realistic,\" says Nikhil.Chakri Chigurupati, who earlier produced Veedu Teda with Nikhil, is producing the film. Sunny is composing the music and cinematography is handled by Richard Prasad. Director Ravi Babu is playing an important role. The interesting title has been taken from a classical Carnatic song, and also from the lyrics of a yesteryear Telugu song.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17221364", "title": "Firhad Hakim awaits 'London lessons' on urban infrastructure", "text": "KOLKATA: State urban development minister Firhad Hakim will be flying to London on Thursday to attend a programme organised by the UK-India business council.During the trip, Hakim will also meet the mayor of London and discuss about urban infrastructure and the financial hub project that is coming up in Rajarhat-New Town. State urban development secretary Debashis Sen will also be accompanying the minister.A In the meeting, the study that was earlier conducted on the urban regeneration in West Bengal will be presented in the meeting and discussions will take place on how urban infrastructure like roads, sewerage etc can be improved and developed. The state government is already working on the river front beautification project and has plans to set up the Kolkata Eye - based on the model of London Eye.This apart, the state government is working to develop the civic infrastructure of the city and the areas falling under Kolkata Metropolitan Area and the meeting on urban regeneration on West Bengal will benefit the state government to get more ideas as to how civic infrastructure and amenities could be developed. Hakim, who will meet the mayor of London on November 16, will also attend a business meet to highlight the financial hub project.Highly placed sources said that there will be talks with several financial institutions there regarding the project. Hidco has already floated an expression of interest for the second phase of the project. The last date of submitting application is January 31, 2013. After the phase I of the offer inviting applications to set up offices at the financial, quite a few of the banking institutions like the State Bank of India, Kolkata Stock Exchange, Allahabad Bank , United Commercial Bank , United Bank of India, National Insurance Corporation, Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, West Bengal Financial Corporation and West Bengal Infrastructure and Financial Development Corporation gave their offers and they will be participating in or nearby the financial hub.The state government seems to be lobbying hard to attract as much investments as possible in the financial hub that is being touted as the country's second such hub after Mumbai's Bandra Kurla. Minister Firhad Hakim had earlier held meetings with banking institutions at Delhi and Mumbai and more such meetings will take place in the country and also abroad like Singapore to attract more investments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "17221332", "title": "Districts go slow on caste certificates", "text": "MIDNAPORE: The West Midnapore administration has been pulled up, along with that of five other districts, for lagging behind in distribution of caste certificates to the scheduled castes and other backward classes.In letters to district magistrates of five districts and the Kolkata collector, the state backward classes welfare (BCW) secretary, Sanjay K Khade, has directed them to organize camps for handing out the certificates.The department found that distribution of 47,147 caste certificates remained pending till October 2012. Of these, 9,189 certificates were undistributed in West Midnapore alone. Among the districts, brought under lens by Khade, only Murshidabad, with 9,431 pending distributions, has a worse record than West Midnapore. Other laggards are Kolkata, North 24 Parganas, Hooghly and Burdwan.The holder of a caste certificate is eligible for several benefits. For instance, SC, ST and OBC students are entitled to book grants ranging from Rs 250 to Rs 500 depending on the stages of their education. They also receive a hostel charge of Rs 750 a month. Besides, caste certificate holders, undergoing training to become engineers and doctors, have their tuition and hostel fees waived. Another major benefit is for SC, ST and OBC job seekers provided they possess a caste certificate.While the upper age limit to appear for most examinations for government jobs is 40 for general category candidates, it is 45 for SC/ST candidates and 43 for OBCs. The required percentage in graduation to appear for these exams is also significantly less than the 50% marks that general candidates need to have. It is a low 30% for SC candidates, 33% for OBCs and 44% for STs.Rajat Sahni, West Midnapore ADM in charge of backward classes welfare, said the administration would need two more months to complete distribution of the caste certificates. He said these certificates are being issued online and work is often delayed if the server is down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17222644", "title": "Thieves take a day off on Diwali!", "text": "BHOPAL: It seems that even thieves took a day off on Diwali. The city that averaged around 10 cases of thefts and burglaries this year, remained peaceful on the festival as there was no such major case reported on the day.The police record suggests that close to half a dozen cases of thefts and burglaries registered in Shahjehnabad, Piplani, Bilkheria, Teelajamalpura and other areas were reported either a day earlier or a day after Diwali.The officials attributed it to the tight vigil.The city recorded more than 1,650 cases of theft and burglaries in the year 2011 while around 1,500 cases were registered till May this year alone that averages around 10 cases a day in comparison of an average four cases per day registered last year.\"People stay back home on the day of Diwali and prefer not to lock house as it is the day to welcome the goddess of wealth, Laxmi. It could be one of the reasons for no major theft case being reported,\" Manish Mishra, a resident of Rohit Nagar said.It is hard to believe that there was no major theft or burglary case on Diwali. It may be that police remained busy in law and order duty and would register in a day or two, argued a law student Sunil Sirvaiya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17221349", "title": "Golden days have returned to Heavy Engineering Corporation, says CMD", "text": "RANCHI: The Heavy Engineering Corporation (HEC) is set to celebrate the 49th anniversary of its existence on Thursday along with the 12th foundation day of Jharkhand. The first prime minister of the country, Jawaharlal Nehru , dedicated the public sector undertaking to the nation on the occasion of Diwali in 1963 that fell on November 15 that year.The HEC, which was founded on December 31, 1958 - it celebrated the golden jubilee of its foundation in 2008 - was converted into a central PSU in 1963 with an objective to produce 10 million tones per annum (MTPA) capacity steel in the country. The company decided to diversify and enter into newer dimensions of technology after the global recession in steel sector and has been rising out of the slowdown continuously. In 2008,CMD HEC R Mishra said golden days of the corporation returned coincidently with formation of Jharkhand as a separate state. \"The HEC suffered badly along with Steel Authority of India limited ( SAIL ) during the recession in steel sector till early 2000 after which HEC decided to reduce its dependence on steel alone,\" he said.As per the plans of experts, the idea to diversify in trade worked for HEC and today it is not only maintaining profitability but has large number of prestigious work orders in its bag. \"The HEC managed a profit of Rs 25 lakh in 1976 but later plunged into losses gradually as much as it was referred to the Board of Industrial Financial Reconstruction (BIFR) for a brief period,\" said an official of the HEC pointing to the fact that after 2004 it never looked backed.At present, the HEC is executing coal handling plant of Northern Coalfields Limited (NCL), an ore handling plant of Bhilai Steel Plant and a coal washery for the Bharat Coking Coal Limited.Mishra said the HEC had been perennially providing special purpose machine tools to the railways for re-profiling of moving wagon stock and wheels. \"The HEC has recently provided all necessary machines and base for the next generation launch pad to the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO),\" he said.With this supply, the HEC has found a permanent place in the Indian space research advancements as the geostationary satellite launch vehicle system will operate from the pad and facilities provided by HEC. According to rough estimates, the commissioning of the pad is likely to be completed by 2014.The HEC has geared up to celebrate the 49th anniversary of its existence about which CMD Mishra addressed a gathering in the headquarters on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17222381", "title": "Rotary intensifies fight against Rubella infection in pregnant women", "text": "NAGPUR: German measles or Rubella infection in pregnant woman can severely affect the unborn child, including risk of causing many congenital (by birth) diseases like heart defects, corneal blindness and arthritis. But not many parents, young girls or married women are aware that Rubella vaccine, taken anytime by a girl after the age of 14-15 till her first pregnancy, can prevent these problems.Rotary Club, in collaboration with gynaecologists and paediatricians, has been promoting a booster dose of Rubella vaccine in the city for the past ten years. Rotary District Governor 3030 Sanjay Meshram told TOI that last year 15,000 girls were given the vaccine in Chandrapur district alone under the project. \"We get the vaccine at subsidized rate from the Serum Institute of India, Pune. Though the vaccine costs Rs50-60, since it is given in large numbers the Rotary Club puts in matching grant and gives it free-of-cost to schoolgirls, especially from economically backward classes,\" he said.This year, the 3030 district plans to give this vaccine to as many as 1 lakh girls across 85 clubs in the district. The Rubella Vaccine project was started in 2000 by the Rotary Club of Nagpur West with surgeon Dr Satish Deshmukh as convener. Now, it is a district 3030 project. The gynaecologists and paediatricians help the clubs in creating awareness about the importance of the booster dose of the vaccine for adolescent girls.Dr Ujjwala Deshmukh, a practicing obstetrician and gynaecologist who has been promoting the vaccination at individual as well as organisational level, said, \"Though every child is given the MMR (Measles, Mumps and Rubella) vaccine, a booster dose is necessary in girls during adolescence to prevent the virus from targeting the unborn child during pregnancy.\"The Rubella virus is a very dormant and non-virulent one. But if a pregnant woman is accidentally exposed to the virus, the mother does not suffer but the child in the womb can have severe effects on brain causing corneal opacity leading to blindness, mental retardation or any other neurological damage, dub and deafness, congenital heart defects. \"The booster dose creates antibodies in the woman's body for 15-20 years, which indirectly means her entire child-bearing period. I always tell any newly married woman or a young girl visiting me to take the vaccine. Counselling parents also helps,\" said Dr Deshmukh, who is also former president of the Nagpur Obstetrics and Gynaecological Society (NOGS). She pointed out that a research in Chennai has shown that most deaf and dumb children were exposed to the virus before birth.NOGS president Dr Ankita Kothe informed that NOGS members have been creating awareness about the importance of the vaccine during various diagnostic and treatment camps for the last many years. Dr Madhusudan Sarda, who has worked as coordinator of the Rubella project of Rotary East, said the club is gradually expanding its reach to more and more girls in schools and colleges. Dr Bhagyalaxmi Rajan, a paediatrician, said convincing parents also helps. \"Mothers nowadays have at least heard of Rubella and hence easily agree for giving the vaccine to their daughters,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17222688", "title": "Sex scandals spoil Obama\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s re-election fireworks", "text": "WASHINGTON: It was meant to be a triumphant return to the White House East Room after a spectacular electoral conquest. Instead, President Barack Obama is holding his first full-fledged press conference in seven months at 1.30pm on Wednesday (midnight IST) buffeted by headwinds from a continuing dust-up over budgeting issues with a Republican House which also got re-elected.A farcical scandal involving his top generals has complicated what was expected to be a smooth and victorious transition to a second White House term starting on January 20 with a newly constituted cabinet.Just how messy the turbulent events of the past week have turned for the administration is evident in the exasperated comment by defence secretary Leon Panetta on Monday amid the unravelling scandal involving the generals. \"Who the hell knows?\" Panetta told journalists accompany him in a military aircraft when asked for a timeline of his departure from the administration, something he has spoken about in the past.The annoyance evidently stemmed from the abrupt and precipitous fall from grace of the storied \"soldier-scholar\" General David Petraeus, Panetta's successor as CIA director, following extra-marital capers with his biographer.But a second general mired in the scandal is now getting the benefit of doubt from the Obama administration. White House press secretary Jay Carney said on Tuesday that President Obama continues to have faith in General John Allen, the top US commander in Afghanistan, after it emerged that his email exchanges with Florida socialite Jill Kelley \u00e2\u20ac\u201d whose complaint to the FBI resulted in the unearthing of General Petraeus' affair with biographer Paula Broadwell \u00e2\u20ac\u201d was merely flirtatious not amounting to an affair.Still, General Allen's confirmation hearing before the Senate Armed Services Committee for the job as the top Nato commander was deferred pending inquiry into his exchanges with Kelley.Initial reports said his email correspondence with Kelley amounted to 20,000 pages. Clouds also hang over whether General Petraeus will testify before Congress over the Benghazi incident in which the US envoy to Libya was killed, particularly after his biographer-paramour told a university audience in Denver that the US consulate may have been attacked because the CIA was holding Libyan prisoners. The CIA has vehemently denied this, but it has brought attention to whether she was privy to classified information.Attention now centres on how and why two celebrated US generals would get so involved in the untidy life of a socialite who it turns out was an unpaid liaison of the state department to the US military command in Florida and not an employee of Foggy Bottom as initially reported. They extolled the motherly virtues of her twin sister in letters to a judge as she fought a custody battle with an ex-husband even after the judge found her to be \"dishonest and lacking integrity\". She was also being sued in various quarters over financial matters and was declaring bankruptcy.The mess involving the generals, particularly the timeline of when the White House and Congress were and ought to have been informed, the negotiations on the fiscal cliff, and the continuing nightmare of many people affected by hurricane Sandy is expected to dominate the news conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17220562", "title": "Children's Day: Governor's inspiring message to kids", "text": "GUWAHATI: On the occasion of Children's Day on Wednesday, governor Janaki Ballav Patnaik said the kids of the state should be proud of Assam and the nation. He added that children should inculcate the habit of reading The Ramayana, The Mahabharata and the biographies of Mahatma Gandhi and Jawaharlal Nehru.\"Children should dream of what they want to be in life,\" said Patnaik at a Children's Day function at Raj Bhawan here. He also randomly asked several students what their ambitions in life were and stressed that children must give importance towards developing their IQ.The governor, while elucidating the beauty of Assam's flora and fauna, said the state has produced illustrious sons like the Sankardeva and his disciple Madhav Deva.On the other hand, on account of escalating instances of violence in the region, about 900 students took part in a rally on Wednesday and promised that they would play the role of peacemakers. The rally was organized by Peace Channel Assam and was attended by Rakesh Pal, Assam Public Service chairman. Ten schools from the city and its outskirts took part in the event. PCA is a non-profit organization that imparts lessons to about 2000 children to groom them as \"messengers of peace\", and was formed in the wake of the ethnic strife that had engulfed parts of western Assam. \"In the wake of the violence in the state, Peace Channel Assam was formed. Its goals are to form peace clubs in schools and to impart orientation programmes periodically,\" said Jesudass, the executive secretary of PCA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17229883", "title": "Virender Sehwag says watching videos of past knocks helped him", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Relieved at scoring his first Test century in almost two years, Virender Sehwag said that watching replays of some of his big knocks of the past helped him in reaching the three-figure mark in the first Test against England on Thursday.\"I have to thank my video analyst Dhananjay. We watched the videos of my past innings where I got hundreds till 11 pm last night. I saw that when I played the first ten overs cautiously I had reached 100. I did the same today,\" Sehwag, who slammed a run-a-ball 117 with 16 fours and a six, said after the first day's play.Sehwag put on a 134-run opening stand with Gautam Gambhir (45) before adding another 90 runs for the second wicket with Cheteshwar Pujara , who remained unbeaten on 98 at close, as India reached 323 for four at stumps on day one.\"I am happy to get a hundred after one-and-a-half to two years. I did not have any doubt (about my ability to score a ton). You people had,\" said Sehwag, taking a dig at the media.Comparing his previous 173-run knock against New Zealand at this venue in 2010, Sehwag said the wicket on the previous occasion was very good for batting.Sehwag credited both Gambhir and Pujara for complementing his efforts but insisted that the Sardar Patel stadium track at Motera was too slow and the Indian bowlers will have a hard task in hand to take 20 English wickets to enforce a win.\"Gambhir played well and we gave the team a very good start. Pujara also batted very well. He has patience and hit the loose balls. He knows his batting best. He should complete his century on Friday.\"But the wicket is very slow and shot making is not easy. Our bowlers will have to really bowl very well to take 20 England wickets,\" said Sehwag.Asked if the match could be considered as good as over for England, Sehwag said, \"England are not Bangladesh . They are a good side. Their batsmen would not throw away their wickets. We would like to bat till tea (tomorrow).\"The wicket will turn tomorrow. There is some help for the spinners. But the bowler needs to be patient,\" he insisted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17221450", "title": "Iraqi film brings to life the struggle of Kurds", "text": "KOLKATA: Faced with a brutal racial assault that left 40,000 dead during Saddam Hussein's rule, Kurds in Iraq have been struggling to survive for decades. Their movies reflect the agony and insecurity of a people living on the edge and with little to look forward to. 'Where is the Land?' is one such film that revolves around a social issue plaguing the community.For Kurds in Iraq, it has been a struggle for survival. Faced with a brutal racial assault that left 40,000 dead during Saddam Hussein's rule, they are a marginalized community, despite being spread across Iran, Turkey, Syria and Iraq. Their films reflect the agony and the insecurity of a people living on the edge and with little to look forward to.Directed by debutante Hushwar Z Nerwayi, a Kurd born in Iraq, the film is being screened at the Kolkata International Film Festival (KIFF) this year. 'Where is the Land?' is the story of an Iraqi Kurdish family living in a village near the Turkey border. The protagonist is trying to sneak across the dangerous border into Turkey with his wife to marry a second time.'Where is the Land?' by Hushwar Z Nerwayi, a Kurd born in Iraq, is one such film that revolves around a social issue. Being screened at the Kolkata International Film Festival (KIFF), it is the story of an Iraqi Kurdish family living in a village near the Turkey border. The protagonist is trying to sneak across the dangerous border into Turkey with his wife to marry a second time.\"He believes that his first wife, with whom he has two daughters, can't bear a son. He is keen to marry a Turkish woman but before that he must get his first wife to accept her,\" said Nerwayi.Born in Iraqi Kurdistan , Nerwayi's family fled to Iran in 1975 after the ruling Baath party massacred villages in the region. He returned to Iraq in 1999, armed with a diploma in film direction from the Institute of Honar and Andisheh of Ispahan. In 2006, Nerwayi obtained a degree in economics from the Kurdish University in Iraq. \"Where is the Land\" is his debut film.Nerwayi's film is produced by a team which comprises both Iranian and Iraqi nationals, it was shot in Iraq.The Kurds, said the director, are yet to recover from the ethnic cleansing that they faced, though the killngs have stopped. They are still searching for a home across Iran, Iraq, Syria and Turkey. \"Being geographically apart, Kurds are a split community. The borders come in between us.We are yet to be accepted in any of the countries. And we have our own social issues that have been compounded by the isolation and the racial attacks. In some ways, our social prejudices and customs are similar to that of India or any other south Asian country. So, I hope the Kolkata audience will enjoy watching it,\" said Nerwayi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17222477", "title": "Godavari water project clears major hurdle", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Godavari drinking water project has received a major boost with the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) and the forest department agreeing to swap 50 acres of land. HMWS&SB; was looking for 50 acres of land on the out skirts of the city in Ranga Reddy district for the construction of a balancing reservoir which is vital for the project to take shape.The Water Board needed 50 acres of land and, in return, was willing to hand over an equal extent of land to the forest department. Both the land sites were jointly inspected by officials of both the departments last week and they agreed in principle for the swap.For constructing the balancing reservoir, the Water Board is to get 50 acres of forest department land located in the reserve forest area at Ghanpur village in Shamirpet mandal in Ranga Reddy district. \"We expect the land to be handed over to us by the end of this month,\" HMWS&SB; MD J Syamala Rao told TOI. In lieu of the forest land, the forest department has agreed to take 50 acres of land at Murmur village in Ramagundam mandal of Karimnagar district belonging to the Hyderabad water board. This land was part of a plot that was identified by the revenue department to be handed over to the water board for the Godavari drinking water project. The 150 Million Gallons Daily (MGD) capacity Ghanpur Master Balancing Reservoir (MBR) is an important service reservoir for the entire Godavari drinking water project. HMWS&SB; is planning to get water from Yellampalli barrage for the project. Water will be brought to the Ghanpur reservoir from the main source Kodandapur by pumping through intermediate pumping stations at Bommakal, Mallaram and Kondapaka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17221337", "title": "New Town Kolkata Development Authority to clear plans for buildings around New Town", "text": "KOLKATA: State panchayat and rural development department has recently issued an order asking the New Town Kolkata Development Authority(NKDA) to review plans of all under construction and proposed high-rise buildings in areas surrounding New Town that are over 15 metres high.In its order issued on November 8, the department has laid down that buildings exceeding 15 metres must be referred by Zilla Parishads to NKDA for scrutiny and no-objection before sanctioning the plans.Like Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC), which sanctions building plans in its area, NKDA sanctions building plans in its area does the same thing in accordance with the provisions of the NKDA Act.However, officials have noticed rapid urbanization in areas just outside Hidco's jurisdiction with several multi-storied buildings under construction.Though these are panchayat areas, developers often approach the local gram panchayats to sanction plans for high-rise buildings. The panchayat and rural development department felt that there was a need to bring in such buildings in areas surrounding New Town should also come under scrutiny.The department wants these buildings to conform to building the rules of New Town as they are being built in areas just outside the upcoming township's limits. The aim is to prevent a repetition of haphazard construction that has come up on Salt Lake's fringe areas like Duttabad and Mahisbathan. Though Dattabad and Mahisbathan are added areas of Bidhannagar Municipality, these remain vastly underdeveloped in sharp contrast to Salt Lake which is a planned township.The Mamata Banerjee government had earlier dissolved the Bhangor Rajarhat Area Development Authority (BRADA) after coming to the power and Hidco took over the planning and execution of development projects in the entire 6,000-7,000 hectares area. The government decided to create a land use map of the area around Bhangar and Rajarhat to control the rapid mushrooming of high-rises, ignoring the area's poor civic infrastructure.According to records, nearly 2,000 acres were sold under BRADA. The entire area comprises 15 mouzas in North 24-Parganas and nine in South 24-Parganas and fall under the jurisdiction of panchayats. Unlike Hidco, BRADA had no control over land prices and a cottah of land, that was priced Rs 20,000 till some time back, was selling for up to Rs 200,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "17229548", "title": "India, Pakistan should jointly combat hunger and poverty, Nitish Kumar says", "text": "LAHORE: Batting for peace, Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar today said India and Pakistan should jointly combat hunger and poverty rather than fighting each other.On his first visit to Pakistan, Kumar said he would always measure his trip to this country in terms of the enormous love he has received from the people.\"The amount of love I have received from the people here can't be artificial. In Lahore, I don't feel I am in an alien land,\" Kumar said while addressing a gathering at the Government College University.\"It's a good beginning as earlier parliament delegations only came to the national capitals. We have a similar history and we must move forward. Instead of fighting with each other, we should jointly fight hunger and poverty,\" he said.Kumar, unlike Punjab CM Shahbaz Sharif, preferred to make his speech in Hindi.He said it was an honour for him to address the old students of the GCU, which was the embodiment of Lahore.Highlighting different measures his government adopted to improve law and order, education, healthcare and agriculture in Bihar, Kumar said the dropout rate had been reduced to two per cent from 12.5% in 2005. Enhancing enrollment in schools should not be the only target, he said.\"In 2007, there were not many girl students in Bihar's schools when he introduced a cycle scheme. Instead of providing them with bicycles, we gave them cash to buy one of their own choice and today the number of school-going girls has swelled to 650,000,\" he said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17222548", "title": "Bike thief held, 14 bikes recovered", "text": "MYSORE: With the arrest of Marigowda, 31, Mysore district police recovered 14 bikes which were stolen from three districts.Police said Marigowda, a resident of Dasegowdanakoppalu village, was arrested near Bannur-Malavalli main road when he was moving around suspiciously on a two-wheeler.When police demanded his vehicle documents, he was unable to produce them leading to his arrest. During interrogation, he admitted to stealing bikes.In seven months, he had stolen 14 bikes worth Rs 5,50,000, from Mysore, Mandya and Chamarajanagar. He used duplicate keys to steal the bikes.Arrested for stealing batteriesPolice arrested four persons on charges of stealing batteries fixed to a mobile tower at Byalakuppe.Mohammad Jawad, 22, Farook Sharif, 23, Ismail,23, and Naeempasha, 22, residents of Shantinagar and Rajivnagar, were arrested. Bylakuppe police had registered a case. The arrested have been remanded to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17222209", "title": "Jagadish Shettar asks students to complain over RTE misuse", "text": "HUBLI: It was a special day for CM Jagadish Shettar in his home town on Wednesday, where he spent some time with children from various schools to celebrate Children's Day. He also encountered many issues faced by children during an interaction organized by the Karnataka Bal Vikas Academy.Students posed many questions to the CM -- about steps taken by the government to improve government schools, enable poor students of rural areas to continue higher education, the shortage of classrooms, how to make use of the Right to Education act and other issues.Shettar was stunned when a student, Bhagyashri Desai of KNK Girls High School, brought to his notice the fact that some schools were demanding donations to give admission under the RTE quota.He said RTE had been implemented with the objective of helping the poor and weaker sections get an education in good schools. \"It's an offence to insist on donation to give admission under RTE. Parents and children should bring such incidents to the notice of the education department or complain directly to me. Action will be taken against such schools,\" he assured the students.Sayyad Soratur of New English Medium School sought to know the steps taken by the government to help poor students and dropouts. To which Shettar said his government was committed to bringing down the number of dropouts in rural areas.\"We've started distributing bicycles to both girls and boys, the midday meal, scholarships, free uniforms and other facilities are to help students in rural areas,\" he said.Sweta of Government School, Keshwapur, said there was a shortage of Kannada books in many school libraries in the city, and the government should help schools get sufficient books.Replying to this, Shettar said funds had been earmarked to buy books for libraries run by schools. Students should develop the reading habit, he added.Riyana, a student of a government school of Nagashettikoppa, requested the CM to sanction Class 9 and 10, so they could continue their education. The CM instructed officials to visit the school and immediately make arrangements for higher classes.Some students also asked the CM how he spent his childhood and school days, and other lighter issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17223350", "title": "Multi-member CAG plan still on table", "text": "NEW DELHI: Denials notwithstanding, the government indeed has been considering the idea of turning the Comptroller and Auditor General into a multi-member body as minister of state in Prime Minister's Office V Narayanaswamy said last week.Although the government had dropped the idea of turning the CAG into a multi-member body, agreeing with the federal auditor that the existing structure with a singular head was fine, it dusted off the proposal at the instance of the Shunglu committee.Significantly, the important recommendation of the committee headed by V K Shunglu, who headed the CAG himself, came in April 2011 by when the auditor, with its reports on the 2G scam and the Commonwealth Games , had turned into a source of embarrassment for the government.Soon, the cabinet secretariat wrote to the CAG seeking its comments on Shunglu panel's recommendation for restructuring the auditor.According to sources in the CAG, the April 23, 2011 note came as a surprise to the head of CAG, Vinod Rai, and his colleagues, who had assumed that government had given up the idea of expanding the auditor into a multi-member body. In his reply to the cabinet secretariat, Rai stressed this much, saying while CAG may have a single head, it was not a monocracy and actually functioned as a multi-member collegium.\"The CAG of India is assisted by a multi-member collegium of five deputy CAGs who scrutinize and finalize the audit reports before these are approved and signed by the CAG. The government had agreed to the CAG's proposal as recently as 2008 for five deputy CAGs so as to ensure that the department is adequately equipped and is professionally qualified to handle the diverse range of audit issues needing in-depth consideration and examination,\" Rai said in the letter to the cabinet secretariat.Sources in the government acknowledged that there was a re-think after the government agreed with the CAG's position that the auditor in its current form did not function as a monocracy. However, they justified the relook saying that it was provoked by CAG's transgressions of lakshman rekha. \"They failed to get even their 2G maths right,\" a source said.Interestingly, Rai, in his response to the cabinet secretariat, had stressed that the auditor under Shunglu, while arguing against the idea of a multi-member CAG, had said that in as many as 34 Commonwealth countries, auditor general was the singular head of the institution.Quoting from the response that the auditor under Shunglu gave to the Justice M N Venkatachaliah-led committee for reviewing the working of the Constitution, Rai wrote, \"The process of audit report goes through various levels before being finally approved by the CAG, and consequently, there is no inherent defect in the present system which calls for a collegial decision on audit findings.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17223159", "title": "Youths showcase martial art skills on Fateh Diwas", "text": "AMRITSAR: Fateh Divas, celebrated a day after Bandhi Choor (Diwali), was marked with traditional fervour and valour as nihang organizations from all over Punjab gathered here on Wednesday to celebrate the return of Guru Hargobind Singh from Gwalior Fort. Draped in blue robes, white kacheras (underwear) and white kamarkassas (waist belt), young Sikh warriors left the audience spellbound as they stood straight over horses galloping at a speed of more than 60 kilometers per hour to showcase their martial art skills, also known as Shastra Vidya.Nihang organizations including Baba Budha Dal, Baba Makhan Singh, and Baba Nihal Singh Harian Welan among others participated in the celebrations. Chief of Baba Budha Dal Baba Balbir Singh said they had been keeping the tradition of Sikh martial art alive, which in olden days was used for self defense and attacking the enemy with the subtle movements of hands and body using various traditional weapons like spears and chakr.\"We inspire the younger generation to learn Sikh martial art only for the sake of keeping the tradition alive but also to lead an austere lifestyle for a healthy living,\" he said. Nihang groups visits various villages to motivate youth to learn Gatka - a battle-tested ancient martial art and other Sikh war games for self-defense. While praising budding Sikh youth honing their Gatka skills, former jathedar of Akal Takht Giani Joginder Singh Vedanti said, \"Every Sikh youth should learn Gatka, which is a traditional, spiritual and physical martial art.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17223141", "title": "22 ghats declared dangerous for Chhath", "text": "PATNA: The Patna district administration declared 22 ghats as unfit for Chhath Puja on Wednesday. Meanwhile, Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) has intensified efforts to clean the Ganga ghats under its jurisdiction setting the deadline of November 15 to get the ghats ready.The PMC's efforts notwithstanding, Patnaites blocked the road from Kurji Mor to Gandhi Maidan on Wednesday morning to protest the corporation's slow pace of making the ghats fit for Chhath.Declaring 22 ghats from Patna City to Danapur as dangerous, DM Sanjay Kumar Singh said no devotee will be allowed to enter the dangerous ones during Chhath. He added, \"The quality of water and the amount of slush at the ghats that may trap an unwary visitor were important criteria for declaring them dangerous.\" The proximity of sewage outlet to a ghat was also taken into account by the inspecting teams comprising the district administration and PMC officials.The dangerous ghats under Patna Sadar subdivision include Minar Ghat, Ramji Chowk Ghat, Tarkariya Bazar Ghat and Jahaj Ghat. Under Danapur subdivision, there are nine dangerous ghats - Depot Ghat, Pipapul Ghat, Kali Ghat, Daldali Ghat, Narial Ghat, Nasriganj Ghat, BS College Ghat, Jhunjhunwala Ghat and Dhobi Ghat. Patna City subdivision has nine dangerous ghats - Duli Ghat, Adarsh Ghat, Mitan Ghat, Sita Ghat, Chimney Ghat, Kila Ghat, Kachchi Ghat, Adrakh Ghat and Nandgola Ghat.Meanwhile, PMC sources said the collection of solid waste has increased by 300 tonnes daily since the conclusion of Dussehra. \"Post-Diwali the quantity of waste rises further due to accumulation of crackers' waste and empty boxes. But this year, the collection jumped compared to previous years,\" said a senior PMC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17225142", "title": "Anupam Kher boy-bonding with Bradley Cooper", "text": "Boy-bonding was at a premium during and after the New York premiere of David Russell's Silver Linings Playbook which boasts of our own Anupam Kher in its cast of stalwarts, and those include the formidable Robert De Niro.Not only has Anupam formed a durable bonding with de Niro and is quietly making a documentary on De Niro, Anupam seems to have also dug out a deep-seated camaraderie with the film's lead, the hot-and-happening Bradley Cooper.We have it from a very reliable source in New York that after the exhilarating premiere of Silver Linings Playbook attended by the who's who of New York sports and entertainment industry, Anupam and Brad sneaked off for a boys' night out in the hottest night spots of NY.All Anupam will say is, \"When you are with the Hangover actor you're bound to end up having loads of fun.\" Anupam's lips are sealed about his naughty nocturnal activities in New York. He's also reluctant to openly speak about his experience of walking the red carpet with Robert De Niro, Chris Tucker and at the prestigious Rockford Theatre in NY for the premiere on Saturday night.But we hear Anupam was lined up on the red carpet right next to De Niro and Cooper. A first for any Indian actor. On much prodding Anupam finally reveals, \"For me the triumph of doing Silver Linings Playbook lies in the fact that I am part of a mainstream big-studio project without looking like they did me a favour by signing me. My role is being noticed by all the international critics many of whom, I confess, had never heard about me. They are all goggling me now.\"So well has Silver Linings Playbook been received at New York that its American release has now been preponed by a week. Cofirms Anupam, \"That's right.The film is now opening on 16 November instead of 23 November. The response is way beyond anything we expected. This is my first truly Hollywood film. And I'm naturally very excited.\"In the meanwhile, the Indian release of Silver Linings Playbook has been now locked in. The film will open in India on 7 December. Robert De Niro and Bradley Cooper are expected to join Anupam in Mumbai for the release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17222600", "title": "Flying rockets burn trees, green fields", "text": "COIMBATORE: While the city residents were safe from any major fire injury, it was the trees that bore the brunt of the crackers burnt by these very residents on the night of Diwali. Several deep rooted trees and crops on field were burnt due to the rockets launched by residents while celebrating Diwali.\"We received around 10 calls from the city, suburbs as well as Pollachi where the fire was caused due to rockets bursting on the top of coconut trees. In some case, dried leaves caught fire while bunches of coconut were also damaged. None of the cases were major and were brought immediately under control,\" said N Subramanian, divisional fire officer, Coimbatore.According to the fire and rescue service department here, out of the 19 calls they received, 10 were caused due to the rockets hitting coconut trees. The firemen claimed the extent of damage and the scope of the fire was minimum but they were recorded under Diwali-related fire emergency calls. Two such incidents were also reported from Ramanathapuram and near Government Arts College in the city.\"Some coconut leaves kept for drying in the sun also were reduced to ashes in a fire cracker burst near Kavundampalayam,\" Subramanian added.Meanwhile, in Pothanur, there was a minor fire in a sugarcane field and on Perur Main Road, some dried plantain stumps inside a locked two-acre compound went up in flames. Fire officials blamed these incidents also on the rockets.\"We noticed a fire in the plantain field and informed the fire service. Local residents tried to douse the flames but since the main gate was locked, it was difficult. The firemen came and ensured there is no further outbreak,\" said H Gautham, a resident on Perur Main Road, who called the fire emergency control room.However, an upward surge has been recorded in the number of minor fire accidents in the district. Since January 2012, 1,013 minor fire incidents have been reported so far as against the total 456 ones registered last year. There have been five major fire outbreaks in the district as compared to two last year. This is apart from the 37 medium intensity fire mishaps recorded this year which is 17 more than the total 20 in 2011. Any fire outbreak involving loss of human life or property damage in excess of Rs50,000 is classified as a major fire accident while those causing property damage between Rs10,000 and Rs50,000 are termed as medium level fire accident and fire outbreak with less than Rs10,000 property damage is a minor fire mishap as per the norms of the Tamil Nadu Fire and Rescue Service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17221153", "title": "World music fest starts today", "text": "KOLKATA: The Kolkata International Music Festival (KIMF) is back with its fourth edition that kicks off on Thursday. Organized annually by Song of Soul (SOS), headed by Kaushik Dutta, this year too, the world music fest will bring together a number of gifted artistes from different countries.The KIMF starts at Gyan Manch with the Korean group Be-Being, a young and modern ensemble mixing traditional and contemporary art. The group seeks to understand the Buddhist philosophy and re-interpret traditional Buddhist music and dance from the perspective of contemporary art, says SOS.The day after, the revelry will shift to Rabindranath Tagore Centre at ICCR, which will host jazz singer Rani Singam from Singapore . Her \"playful yet caressing vocals is likened by many to legendary jazz vocalists including Billie Holliday, Dinah Washington and Sarah Vaughn \". Rani produced her second album 'Contentment' in 2011, was lauded by 'All About Jazz' as a \"vibrant authentic recording of vocal jazz - a little bit of gold\". She will be followed by pianist Kerong Chok who is also a jazz organist and composer. Roozbeh Azar Trio from Iran would be next to hit the stage. Flamenco guitarist Azar is also a composer who is trained in Iranian traditional music and has learnt flamenco-style guitar playing from Mansour Raza.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17222646", "title": "Kilimanjaro may be ice-free by 2060", "text": "LONDON: The peaks of Mount Kilimanjaro - world's highest free-standing mountain - may be ice-free as soon as 2060, scientists have warned.Researchers with Nasa's Earth Observatory, have found that between 1912 and 2011, the mass of ice on the summit of the 19,341ft dormant stratovolcano in Tanzania decreased by more than 85%.Kimberly Casey, a glaciologist based at the US space agency's Goddard Space Flight Centre, who visited the mountain earlier this year, also noticed Kilimanjaro's north ice field had separated, the 'Daily Mail' reported. The glacier had been developing a hole since the 70s, but this is the first year in which it had been seen to divide in two. \"We were able to walk on land - or we could have even ridden a bicycle - directly through the rift,\" Casey said. Scientists now warn it's no longer a question of whether Kilimanjaro's ice will disappear, but when. Estimates vary, but several scientists predict it will be gone by 2060. The views from the top of Mount Kilimanjaro are as surreal as they are spectacular.After ascending through multiple ecosystems - including cropland, lush rainforest, alpine desert, and a virtual dead zone near the summit. However, in the immediate foreground, ice dominates the view. Looking north, a shelf-like block of ice with a sharp vertical cliff sits on an otherwise featureless, sand-covered plateau.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17223315", "title": "PM defers visit to Japan due to trouble in Diet", "text": "NEW DELHI: PM Manmohan Singh postponed his Japan tour less than 24 hours before his scheduled departure after his Japanese counterpart Yoshihiko Noda declared on Wednesday that he was looking at dissolving the lower House of Diet, the Japanese Parliament, on Friday. Singh's bilateral meeting with Noda was scheduled for the same day.Even though they were at pains to explain the exact sequence of events leading to the \"postponement'' of the visit, foreign ministry officials said the two sides were working to cull out a new set of dates for the trip. The visit is now likely to take place only next year.Japan also announced on Wednesday that polls will take place on December 16. The foreign ministry said the visit had to be postponed because of \"fast paced domestic developments'' in Japan. \"Factoring in these developments, we decided that the visit take place later at a mutually convenient date,'' joint secretary (East Asia) Gautam Bambawale said. Singh was supposed to start his six-day visit to Japan and Cambodia on Thursday. He will now depart on Sunday for Cambodia for the East Asia and Asean-India summits.Foreign ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin ruled out speculation that the Japanese had sprung a surprise by suggesting at the last moment that the visit be postponed. He said officials from both countries were in regular touch before they mutually decided to put off the visit.It is learnt that Singh was keen on visiting Japan with the understanding being that the visit in mid-November would steer clear of the elections. Noda seemed to have surprised many though by announcing his intention to dissolve Parliament on Friday. Even earlier, there was speculation about whether or not Singh will visit Japan for the annual summit because of the impending elections. The government had scotched these by announcing dates for his visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17221714", "title": "Deputy mayor leaves for Manila", "text": "KOCHI: Deputy mayor B Bhadra will present a paper on city's perspective and experience in developing transport projects and its role in mitigating climate change, in Manila on Thursday.The paper is being presented as part of the seminar-Asian cities and climate financing: accelerating urban resilience. The deputy mayor will deliberate on vehicle emission and its impact on transport in the city. She will also speak on the process of mobilizing funds to tackle the issue.The programme is being organized by Cities Development Initiative for Asia (CDIA), an organization, which is involved in poverty elimination, waste disposal, urbanization and climate change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17222384", "title": "Three held for stealing iron rods from Geological Survey of India office", "text": "NAGPUR: Three people have been arrested for allegedly stealing iron rods worth Rs 1 lakh from the office of the Geological Survey of India, which falls under the Gittikhadan police station area, on Sunday night.The accused were nabbed while they were transporting the stolen material on Monday. Police said that the trio was taking the materials in a trailer when they were spotted by the cops at a Gittikhadan bus stop.The cops intercepted the vehicle and nabbed Mohammad Shaikh (36), a resident of Model Mill at Ganeshpeth, Krishna Nagar resident Sandeep Khedkar and Sachin Lakhade, a resident of Sanjeevani colony in Yashodhara Nagar.On interrogation, the trio confessed to stealing the iron rods worth Rs 1 lakh from the GSI office. Police said that earlier too the trio had made way with many things from the GSI office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17222340", "title": "Blind kids to go on a treasure hunt", "text": "MANGALORE: Can the visually challenged guide the sighted? At Guiding Stars, a four-wheeler treasure hunt, the Mangalore Coastal Round Table 190 (MCRT 190) will make this a reality. Once every year, for the past two years, this organization in association with the Roman and Catherine School for the Blind, Mangalore and Asha Kiran, Chikmagalur have taken visually challenged kids for a fun-filled joyride. This year's event will be held on Sunday.Neil Rodrigues, vice-chairman, MCRT 190, said like in the past two years and this year also, Isac Vas and Yatish Baikampady have designed the route for the treasure hunt, which is translated to Braille by Calistus D'sa, principal of the Roman and Catherine School for the Blind.On the day of the event the visually challenged children from the two participating schools will be assigned to a participating car. Their task is to guide or navigate their car from start to finish. The car that solves the maximum clues in the optimum time is the winner.The entire day is an enjoyable one for the blind children. In the past this has included a trip to the beach and a day at the park. This year will be extra special because after the treasure hunt they get to spend time at a specially designed play area at Gandhi Park, Gandhi Nagar which has been built by the MCRT.Neil stated that during the past two years, a large number of Mangaloreans and local businessmen have provided financial support for this event.This has helped MCRT 190 to provide the participating institutions with some tools to further enhance the visually challenged children's educational needs. These include JAWS software that helps the challenged children with computer usage and Braille books to enhance their learning.This year MCRT 190 expects 60 visually challenged children to participate. In order to match the number of participants with the number of visually challenged navigators, it is necessary to pre-register for the event. For pre-registration call - 9611135214 / 9980281979.There is no participation fee. All that is required is a four wheeler and a mindset of cooperation and collaboration to have fun while also making a visually challenged child's day special, added Neil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17232069", "title": "Jane Seymour reveals ageless beauty secret", "text": "Legendary British actress Jane Seymour , who has managed to stay ageless even at 61, has admitted that she has to work on keeping her looks youthful.She said that she is proud of her wrinkles and would not go under the knife to change her look.\"I'm proud of my wrinkles,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as saying.\"They give my face character. As an actress, you mess with that at your peril,\" she said.And although she has tried Botox, she wasn't impressed with it.\"I think the good thing about my face is it has always been expressive. With Botox that goes - not what you want as an actress,\" she said.However, she's had her work done around her eyes.\"Top and bottom, years ago. I was asked by photographers if I'd consider getting them done because they spent so much time touching up pictures. It wasn't a big deal. I went out for lunch the day after surgery,\" she said.The only other time she went under the knife was for a boob job.\"It was 20 years ago. I'd breastfed my first two children and things weren't what they had been.\"I'd never had a big bust - I always say they had to make smaller implants just for me, but I wanted the shape back. Clothes fit and look better. It was a good move,\" she added.Seymour denied that she's had a facelift, but said that she may consider it if required.\"I'll never say never, but I've just filmed a part where I play a grandmother. You need character in your face for that,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "17222281", "title": "'CISCON-2012' will begin tomorrow", "text": "MANIPAL: The two-day Ninth Control Instrumentation System Conference - CISCON-2012 - will be organized by the department of instrumentation and control engineering, Manipal Institute of Technology, Manipal from Friday.Vinod V Thomas, director MIT, said the theme of the conference is 'Emerging Trends in Industrial Automation and Control.'He said that papers from the following areas like control systems, process instrumentation, soft computing, power systems, electronics and communication, robotics and automation, aerospace engineering, biomedical and virtual instrumentation will be presented at the conference.Shreesha C, head, department of instrumentation and control engineering, said the pre-conference tutorial, conducted by Yogananda Jeppu, from MOOG India, will be held on Thursday at MIT.Of the 120 technical papers received, 95 were accepted after peer review and 60 of them have registered for presentation. \"We have received papers from many premier institutions across the country like IIT's and NIT's. Also we have received many research papers from centers like BARC, ISRO and IGCAR . The papers will be presented in 6 parallel sessions,\" Shreesha said.He also added the best papers of the conference will be published in the Bonfring International Journals. All published articles will be included in Google Scholar, Cross Ref and Directory of Open Access Journals. \"The proceedings of CISCON-2012 will be indexed in Bonfring Digital Library, with appropriate copyright access from individual authors. All published articles will be assigned a Digital Object Identifier (DOI) for unique identification of the article\".CG Nayak is the coordinator of the conference and Cyril Joseph the convener.The conference is supported by DRDO and CSIR, government of India and will be inaugurated by Chandradathan, director, Satish Dhawan Space Center (SHAR) at 9am on Friday.GK Prabhu, registrar, Manipal University will be the guest of honor. Chandradathan will also release a book titled \"Digital Control Systems\" authored by VI George and Ciji Pearl Kurien and published by Cengage Learning. The keynote address will be delivered by speakers from industries like Mathworks, Lanika Solutions, LDRA Technology and MOOG India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17222661", "title": "'Early humans ate grass like a cow'", "text": "LONDON: Early humans who roamed the African savanna three-and-a-half million years ago had a diet more like a cow than a great ape - comprising of grass and sedges, a new Oxford study has found.Researchers found that Australopithecus bahrelghazali chomped its way through rushes and grasses rather than soft fruits preferred by its chimpanzee cousins, thanks to its powerful jaws and big grinding teeth.The study shows the ancestral human diet diverged from that of the apes much sooner than previously thought, the 'Daily Mail' reported. Experts analysed the amount of carbon in teeth from A bahrelghazali specimens dug up from a fossil site in Chad with the help of a laser that freed carbon from the enamel. This showed the creature's diet would have been rich in C4 plants such as grasses and sedges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17221338", "title": "'People's Liberation Front of India militants' gun down man in Tunju", "text": "RANCHI: Suspected cadres of the People's Liberation Front of India (PLFI) killed Etwa Munda at Tunju village near Raisa Mor under Namkum police station allegedly because he was a police informer. A resident of Merha village, the victim had gone to Tunju to celebrate Diwali with his friends.Police sources said that a group of suspected PLFI members shot him dead late at night when everyone was busy with the celebrations of Diwali. \"A group of suspected PLFI members reached Tunju village at around 7 pm and killed Etwa in front of the villagers with whom he was playing cards,\" said a source.The victim's involvement in a number of criminal cases, including the murder of four people in Khunti district a couple of months ago, had put him in the most wanted list of police.\"Security forces have launched combing operation in the area. The area is quite sensitive given the presence of both PLFI and CPI (Maoist). This is the same place where Maoists had left the beheaded body of special branch inspector Francis Indwar in 2009,\" said a police officer. Keeping in mind, the complex situation in the area, security forces are treading very cautiously, he said.Rural SP Asim Vikrant Minz said that police are investigating the case from all possible angles, including that of gang rivalry as he was wanted in cases of murder. \"We have not been able to arrest anyone so far, but expect some breakthrough very soon as local people have given some important clue about those involved in the murder,\" said the officer.Meanwhile, police detained Vinay Sharma, the brother of a notorious criminal Anil Sharma, in connection with the murder of a local businessman. \"We have detained Sharma and are interrogating him to get information about the murder of Irshad Hussain Khan who was killed on Saturday night,\" said city SP Vipul Shukla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17223417", "title": "Stir on; hostel meals to get costly from today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the longest Panjab University students' protest in the recent years, the deadlock over mess price hike continued on the ninth day on Wednesday. The increased charges will be applicable from Thursday and will take the monthly mess bill of hostellers up by Rs 660.With the hike, a meal will now cost Rs 28.5 and Rs 30 in girls and boys' hostels, respectively. PU vice-chancellor Arun Grover and dean, students' welfare, Amrik Singh Ahluwalia, ruled out any rollback of Rs 6 hike per meal in a press meet on Tuesday.The VC, however, said, \"Modalities of revoking the hike at student centre will be re-considered, as several outsiders visit the place every day. But as far as mess charges are concerned, a handful of students on protest must understand the rationale behind the rise.\"He added that he was concerned about the placement of students, as the protest was likely to impact the university's image.While asking students to end the strike, he said, \"One productive thing that has come out of this protest is that the university has taken an initiative to lead all other varsities on the issue of food subsidy to hostellers. And so, the students' agitation has not been futile.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17222451", "title": "3 years on, monthly water billing system still in cold storage", "text": "NAGPUR: It seems the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is serious only about increasing the water tariff but doesn't bother about reducing the burden on the citizens. It is evident from the way it has put the monthly water billing system in the cold storage for the last three years. Not only this, the civic body has failed to even fulfil its commitment of issuing monthly water bills to citizens covered under the demo project for 24X7 water supply.When NMC increased the water tariff exorbitantly on April 1, 2009, it faced strong opposition. The then municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta took initiatives to change the water billing system. He decided to introduce monthly water billing instead of the quarterly billing system to reduce the burden on the citizens. He even decided to launch the photometer billing system on the lines of power bills. Tenders were also floated for this project during Gupta's tenure. However, the entire process has been on the back burner since then.Meanwhile, water consumers from demo project area launched a series of agitations against NMC's failure to issue the monthly bills. The office-bearers, including the then chairman of standing committee Sandip Joshi and leader of ruling party Praveen Datke, who was chairman of water works committee, too assured to introduce the new system. In fact, it was a part of the demo project. Now, the rehabilitation period (replacing old and leaking water network and installation of new meters) has come to an end. Still, the NMC's water works department (WWD) has not taken any initiative to issue monthly water bills.Now, it's been one year since NMC handed over the operation and maintenance of the entire water works to private operator Orange City Water Private Limited (OCWL) but the new system is yet to see the light of the day.Secretary of Jan Aakrosh Ravi Kashedikar told TOI how the monthly billing system could benefit citizens. \"Power bills are issued on a monthly basis and have photocopies of the meter. This assures transparency and paying bills becomes easier financially for the consumers. However, the NMC's water works department never took the initiative forward in the larger interest of the citizens. The NMC claims to have issued bills in every month during the demo project but the WWD seems not interested as it may be against its own interest. The monthly billing will also benefit the NMC as will get revenue every month instead of once in three months,\" he said.Praveen Datke said that the monthly billing system would solve many problems. \"We will take initiative to ensure monthly billing system is started. I am too a strong supporter of billing system on the lines of Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation,\" he said.Consultant for water works projects Dinesh Rathi said that monthly billing is not mandatory according to the agreement executed between NMC, NESL and private operator. \"The operator has been given three options. The monthly billing may be feasible only for some selected category of consumers consuming high quantity of water. But the operator may introduce the monthly billing after completion of rehabilitation project. Many of the water meters are now either non-operational or slow. Few consumers do not have water meters. Meters will be installed at every household in rehabilitation project. Then the monthly billing may be feasible,\" he said.Notably, the NMC has failed to also start citizen facility centre and single-window system at all zones in these 12 months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17221396", "title": "Unidentified body found in Chouparan", "text": "Chouparan police on Wednesday recovered the body of an unidentified youth at Ranigunje village on Chouparan-Itkhori road in Hazaribag on Wednesday. Police got the information from the villagers about the 35-year-old's body which was defaced beyond recognition, said Binod Kumar Sinha, SDPO, Barhi. Police recovered the body and sent it to Hazaribag Sadar Hospital for postmortem. They found some injury marks on the face and body which was found hardly one km from Chouparan police station. Investigation is on to find out the identity of both the deceased and his assailants.Woman abducted, killed for money in Gumla: A woman was abducted and killed by two persons at Patgachha village in Gumla. Police recovered the body from a well of the village on Wednesday, following which both the accused were rounded up. The duo have been identified as Munna Khan, a resident of nearby Kottam village and Ayub Khan of Ahirpura village, police said. The deceased, Sudhni Devi (48) of Patgachha village had gone to Kottam weekly bazaar to buy Diwali goods on Sunday. She was returning home in the evening when both the Khans followed her seeing that she was carrying some cash. They intercepted her near Patgachha village and took her away from the spot. They snatched around Rs 2000 from her. When she protested and cried for help, they caught hold of her, killed her and threw the body into a well, said OC of Gumla police station A K Karn. Police arrested both the accused on Wednesday, he added.Body found at Bokaro platform: A decapitated body of a 32-year-old man was found at platform 1 of Bokaro station on Tuesday. The deceased has been identified as Law Kumar, a resident of Gol Market in the railway colony. The Government Railway Police is yet to find a witness who would confirm the nature of death, whether it is a suicide or an accident.The railway and GRP came to know about the incident after some passers-by found stray dogs eating the body and raised an alarm. Officer in-charge of GRP Kishore Kumar said, \"The incident occurred on the north-end of platform-I sometime in the night.In the absence of a witness, we could not locate the train which hit Kumar. It is difficult to say, whether Kumar has committed suicide or was rung down accidentally.\" The father of the deceased, Raghunandan Prasad Sah said Kumar had left home in the evening and was traceless. He was mentally unstable and was undergoing treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17221415", "title": "Murder sparks fear among garden owners", "text": "KOLKATA: Over a couple of decades have passed since tea garden owner Surrendra Paul was killed in Assam. The alleged killing of planter Adilur Rahman in Assam's Sonitpur on Tuesday by suspected members of National Democratic Front of Bodoland's Ranjan Daimary faction has sparked a sense of insecurity among individual tea garden owners.Though corporate garden owners are also feeling insecure for the volatile situation in Assam, the individual planters are feeling the heat all the more.\"Individual owners are more concerned about their security than the corporate owners as the latter always have more ability to deploy additional security personnel than individual owners,\" Bidyananda Barkakoty, chairman of North Eastern Tea Association told TOI.He described this killing as the second biggest jolt to the tea industry after the murder of Kolkata-based Surrendra Paul, the chairman of Assam Frontier Tea Ltd (later renamed as Apeejay Tea Ltd). \"State government has already told us that they cannot set up police station in every garden. That isn't feasible.\"Rahman had two gardens in Assam - Mahaluxmi and Tejalpatty. He was killed while travelling a stretch of seven kilometres from Mahaluxmi to Tejalpatty. Barkakoty pointed out: \"If a person can be killed in the broad day light, travelling a distance of only 7km, then how can we feel secured?\"It is learnt that the tea industry in Assam started looking up from 2008 onwards. This year, the average price rise in the Assam crush-tear-curl (CTC) tea was Rs 20 per kg despite production being down by 5-10% due to adverse weather conditions. The garden owners started ploughing back that money to the development of the gardens.But Barkakoty is sceptical that if situation becomes more volatile such investments for developmental work will stop. Average price that CTC tea has mopped up this year at Guwahati Tea Auction Centre is Rs 127.55 per kg compared to Rs 108.32 per kg last year.Last year Assam produced 508 million kg of tea, out of the country's total production of 988 mn kgs.D P Maheshwari, managing director of B K Birla Group company Jay Shree Tea &amp; Industries Ltd with gardens in Assam, said the state government should take some steps to tighten security measures to instill confidence among the people otherwise the whole momentum of development will be lost.World's largest tea planter McLeod Russel has 47 gardens in Assam and has around 350 employees working in the gardens. K K Baheti, director, McLeod Russel said the incident is worrisome and security had always been a concern in Assam.Similarly, C S Bedi, chairman, India Tea Association also said: \"Loss of life in trade is always regrettable. One can take care of employees in the garden, but there is always a concern of something happening to people in transit.\" Bedi is also the managing director of Russell India Limited, which has six gardens in Assam with total employee strength of around 2,500.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "17222484", "title": "No cracker of a Diwali this", "text": "MANDYA: The cracker business did not see a blast this year, with sales nosediving nearly 30-40%. And if what merchants say holds true, then Diwali could soon lose the sound and smoke it is associated with.Cracker traders in Mandya claim that their stalls were almost empty through the sale season, and put it down to either inflation or an eco-friendly public attitude, or both. \"We don't know whether people, especially the youth, are against bursting crackers, or if inflation has toned down celebrations. Whatever the reason, we failed to make good profits,\" said Chandru, a cracker merchant who has a stall near the stadium.M B Naganna, a progressive thinker, said the trend is becoming clear: with every passing year, the number of people bursting crackers is decreasing, and for those who do, it's just a token celebration during festivals. Increasing prices are also playing a major role in deterring people, especially the middle class, from buying crackers.\"Awareness drives carried out by both electronic and print media also discourage people from bursting crackers. People are now looking of celebrating Diwali with rituals, rather than spending on crackers, which could also be dangerous,\" he said.Sowmya, a homemaker, said that she changed of her mind about bursting crackers after a vernacular channel carried a story of how high decibel sounds kill embryos in birds' eggs. \"I was really upset about it. I convinced my children not to burst crackers, and told them it was inhuman to hurt other species, it's also detrimental to the ecology and dangerous to us. My kids agreed to light more lamps instead of crackers,\" she said.Merchants said that their main customers are children in the age group of 6-18, and parents are giving in to children but buying low-decibel crackers. It is mainly because young people are not too interested that our business crashed, said one trader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17225448", "title": "Watch Thuppakki for Murugadoss and the screenplay: Vijay", "text": "Vijay is excited about his upcoming Deepavali release for more than one reason. He gets chatting to Chennai Times and reveals what got him ticking about Thuppakki and how this movie was novel for him. Here are some excerpts from the interview...What attracted you to Thuppakki's script? I really liked the characterisation of the hero in this flick. When director A R Murugadoss narrated the script I liked it instantly. The hero (who's an army man) will be in a situation but he'll suddenly think of something else and will pursue that. For example, he'll be with his girlfriend then suddenly remember something else and just leave her. And he'll do such similar things in different situations. This was new to me and I liked it.Working with Murugadoss... It was a great experience - right from the script to the way we shot. When my dad asked me if I was interested in listening to a script Murugadoss had, I said yes! It was like that ad that comes where they ask, \" kanna laddu thinnai aasaiya ?\". (Laughs) We shot for 120 days over six to seven months and all over Mumbai, Switzerland and other places. Like Murugadoss said, the shots on the ship on the sea were tough, especially for me, as I developed sea sickness.The villain in this movie, Vidyut Jamwal, is quite good-looking and a martial arts expert... Yes , in fact, I asked Vidyut why he wasn't playing hero roles! In this movie, the hero and villain are equal in terms of the strength of the character.You shot in real locations amongst real people in Mumbai. How was the experience? I think we would have shot in every nook and corner of Mumbai! (Laughs) It was nice for me because I could mingle with the crowd and noone would recognise me. A very interesting and novel experience for me in this film was that cinematographer Santosh Sivan made me shoot myself - he strapped a camera onto my wrist which is like a watch. I had to go to a real-life location and switch it on, enact the scene, switch it off and move on. It was so different for me.Santosh Sivan definitely has some magic. He never gets perturbed about anything, like weather changes, for instance. He'll shoot under different weather patterns and when you see the final output, it's uniform and superb.And you spoke your lines in Hindi well apparently. Do you know Hindi? No, I know Hindi to the extent of \"ek gaon mein ek kissan rehthatha\". (Laughs) The lines were given to me in Tamil and I had a Tamilian from Mumbai speak the lines so I can get that the correct local intonation and pronunciation.The audience should obviously watch the movie for Ilayathalapathy Vijay. Any other reason they should watch this film? Definitely for A R Murugadoss and the screenplay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17225556", "title": "Karthika not a party going girl", "text": "Karthika Nair, who made herself some with her very first film, Ko starring opposite Jiiva. After the great success of Ko, she is acting in the film Annakodiyum Kodiveeranum directed by Bharathiraja.Karthika says \"Mumbai's culture is very modern. Dad is very strict. He will not send me out. I am one of the girl born in Mumbai who does not go for parties.\"Karthika is the daughter of former actress Radha and is also the niece of actress Ambika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17220997", "title": "Bhubaneswar temperature dips to 15.3", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The minimum night temperature in Bhubaneswar on Wednesday plummeted to 15.3 degree Celsius, the lowest in November this year as cold wave-like condition continued over several parts of the state. On Monday, the city recorded 15.7 degree Celsius while in 2011 the lowest temperature in November touched 16.9 degree Celsius. The minimum temperature at three places, including Keonjhargarh and Koraput, hovered close to 10 degree Celsius while Phulbani recorded lowest of 7.6 degree Celsius. The weathermen further forecast that cold day condition will prevail over some remote pockets.Naveen mourns APICOL chiarman's death: Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik mourned the death of Balkrishna Rath, chairman of Agricultural Promotion and Investment Corporation of Odisha Limited (APICOL). The CM in his condolence message mentioned Rath's contribution towards agriculture. He also hailed him as a competent organizer of the party. Rath died in a road accident near Deogaon in Balangir district on Monday night. He is survived by wife, two daughters and a son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "krabi", "code": "17229723", "title": "SAP trying to sell cloud solutions to govt", "text": "KRABI: SAP expects cloud solutions to bring in revenue of Euro 1.6 billion in 2017. In the second quarter of this year, the revenue from cloud was Euro 69 million. Annualized, that's about Euro 276 million. That means the Euro 14-billion German enterprise software major expects cloud revenue to rise by 6 times in the next five years. \"Our strong combination with SuccessFactors (provider of cloudbased human capital management solutions) is allowing us to accelerate our strategy of becoming the leading cloud provider,\" SAP Labs India MD V R Ferose said. SAP acquired SuccessFactors in December last year. In May this year, SAP also acquired Ariba, a leader in cloudbased collaborative commerce applications , connecting to more than 730,000 suppliers. SAP, which has 200,000 customers globally, also plans to leverage HANA to power the cloud-based solutions . HANA, short for high-performance analytic appliance, is SAP's in-memory computing solution that enables real time analytics of large volumes of data. In India, SAP is looking at the public sector as one of the major areas to sell its cloud solutions. The Indian government has formed a committee to recommend a framework for adopting and promoting cloud computing services. Currently, the government's infrastructure for e-governance initiatives , like the state data centres, is sub-optimally utilized. \"The cloud computing model will allow the government to be more functionality centric than technology centric. State data centres are an excellent infrastructure resource that can be upgraded to provide various horizontal applications on a private cloud to all the departments in a state government,\" Ferose said. He said that public sector enterprises in India are an excellent example of organizations that could consider adopting ERP applications on a cloud model. \"SAP is actively working towards raising awareness in this area, and is collaborating with relevant stakeholders in the government,\" Ferose said. What about security concerns about the cloud? \"Fear about security is unwarranted. Initially, everybody thought cloud is for start-ups . But now, even large enterprises are using it. Many Fortune-500 companies are selectively using it,\" Ferose said. (This correspondent was at Krabi on the invitation of SAP Labs India)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17226846", "title": "Actor Siddique escapes unhurt in road mishap", "text": "Malayalam actor Siddique escaped unhurt when his car went out of control and fell to a depth of 10 metre near Karunagapally in Kollam.The actor was returning to Kochi from Thiruvananthapuram past midnight yesterday after attending a television channel programme when the mishap occurred.Police immediately took the actor and the car driver to a nearby hospital where they were provided first aid and were discharged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17221704", "title": "Stockguru fraudster made mother believe he was dead", "text": "NEW DELHI: When it came to conning people, Ulhas Prabhakar Khaire, the alleged mastermind of the Rs 1,100 crore Stockguru scam, did not spare his own family. Police say Ulhas fooled his Nagpur-based mother into believing that he was dead to avoid being declared a proclaimed offender.The 33-year-old master conman and his wife, Raksha Urs, 30 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d both arrested from Ratnagiri, Maharashtra \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are accused of duping an estimated two lakh investors through their firm, Stockguru.India, which promised lucrative returns. The couple disappeared last year with investors' money worth hundreds of crores.\"We have found out that Ulhas' family, including his mother, sister and brother, had no clue of his movements and thought he was dead since he had not contacted them after 2004. That year, he fled Nagpur after being released on bail in a land fraud case in which he tried to cheat his business partner,'' said Sandeep Goel, joint CP (EOW).Sources claimed that Ulhas even sent a photo of his \"dead body\" to his family, but senior Delhi Police officers deny this.Investigators have so far unearthed and frozen more than 100 banks accounts operated by Ulhas. Police claim Ulhas, under a new identity, was in the process of replicating the scam in Ratnagiri. For this reason, he was trying to revitalize two of his other companies, SGI Securities and Coppertrenz.An economic offences wing team of Delhi Police is likely to go to both Nagpur and Ratnagiri to carry out more raids and question family members. On their radar will be at least two more directors of the firm who are already being probed by the EOW of Mumbai police.\"We know that Ulhas was residing in a rented accommodation in Ratnagiri. We believe a director, who is wanted in a cheating case in Ratnagiri might have provided him protection,\" said an officer.A source claimed that the accused Ulhas had even written an open letter to his investors on April 4 this year threatening them not to approach the police. \"He had written that inviting the cops will also mean a thorough evaluation of the investors' cash sources, which may compromise many of them,\" claimed the source. The police are checking the veracity of these claims.Meanwhile, questions are being raised as to how Stockguru managed to operate despite several financial security agencies sending out feelers to Sebi , questioning the company's promised returns and modus operandi. Stockguru described itself as the country's 'premier financial consultancy' and offered trading solutions in equity, derivatives, currency futures, commodities trading, initial public offerings, insurance , mutual funds , portfolio management services and terminal handling, all under one roof.In Ratnagiri, Ulhas was even trying to lure investors with an additional 3% income through a binary plan, which meant investors would get higher returns if they brought in new customers. \"We are hoping to uncover many more truths once we reach Ratnagiri and Nagpur, and get to talk to victims from other states,'' said S D Mishra, additional DCP (EOW).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17221585", "title": "Corrupt traffic cop's bail plea rejected by high court", "text": "GURGAON: Punjab and Haryana high court has rejected the anticipatory bail application of a traffic policeman who was videographed accepting bribes in Gurgaon.The policeman, identified as Ram Singh, alongwith other traffic policemen was allegedly taking bribes from truck drivers on the intervening night of October 7 and 8.The video CD was sent to traffic police, ACP, Gurgaon and on the basis of the visuals, police registered an FIR under the Prevention of Corruption Act at Palam Vihar police station against the erring the traffic policeman.On November 1, Justice Daya Chaudhary dismissed the bail application and paved the way for the trial of the policeman in a Gurgaon court. During the hearing, the court held that the petitioner's anticipatory bail had been rejected by the lower court which found merit in allegations against the policeman taking bribes from truck drivers.The petitioner's lawyer argued that the CD had been made with ulterior motives. On hearing the argument, the court observed that the petitioner was a policeman and to argue that the CD had been recorded with some ulterior motive is not going to help him (petitioner) in getting anticipatory bail.Dismissing the bail petition, Justice Chaudhary also observed that keeping in view the allegations in the FIR and specifically that the police officer, whose duty was to look after the welfare of the public and not to take bribe, as has been recorded in the CD, no ground is made out to grant anticipatory bail.The court further noted that police registered the FIR on the basis of video clippings in which the petitioner had been shown to be accepting bribe from truck drivers.The court also held that the authenticity of the CD was a matter of evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17222913", "title": "DMK keeps suspense on its FDI retail stand", "text": "NEW DELHI: DMK chief M Karunanidhi maintained \"suspense\" on what his party would do in the event of a resolution seeking vote on FDI in multi-brand retail, triggering number-crunching ahead of Parliament's winter session in which the opposition has threatened to challenge the government.The Tamil Nadu leader said his 18-MP party would take a stand consistent with the apprehension among small and marginal traders of the state over foreign investment in retail.The statement failed to clarify what the Dravidian outfit would ultimately do if UPA faced embarrassment in Parliament but Congress brass expressed confidence that it was well fortified to face any situation.While Congress doubts that a resolution on FDI would be moved in the winter session, it claimed to have the assurance of SP and BSP that they would help the government emerge unscathed if such a situation arose.UPA has looked like facing numbers' problem after Trinamool Congress's exit and there were disconcerting noises from allies over the policy on multi-brand retail.The principal opposition on Wednesday announced it would make the policy issue the focus of its assault on the government, threatening to coordinate its moves with NDA partners and other parties outside its alliance.BJP spokesman Ravi Shankar Prasad told reporters, \"BJP will strongly oppose the government decision on FDI in multi-brand retail in the coming session. This decision is not in the interest of the country.\" The saffron allies are likely to meet on November 21, a day before the session begins.The opposition is framing its hostility to FDI around government's alleged betrayal of the assurance given in Parliament. These parties argue that then finance minister Pranab Mukherjee told the two Houses of Parliament that a decision on the issue would be taken only after consulting all concerned sections. Prasad said the government violated the assurance by notifying the FDI policy.While Trinamool's exit is likely to tax the government on the numbers' front, UPA managers said they were not losing sleep over the issue. Information and broadcasting minister Manish Tewari said, \"When push comes to shove, we are never found wanting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17226871", "title": "Jangalmahal violence to be captured on celluloid", "text": "The turbulence in Jangalmahal, comprising three districts of West Midnapore, Bankura and Purulia, during the Maoist heyday will now be captured on celluloid.Young director Sanghamitra Choudhury, who is making the docu-feature, said that her film would confine itself to projecting the impact of the long Maoists-security forces conflict on the residents of the area.\"My film \" Chhaya Juddho\" (shadow fight) deals with the human side of the situation , for which I have interacted with local residents many of whom belong to various committees in the Maoist hotbed.\"The movie would centre around a man loosely based on the real life character of a slain top Maoist leader, but in another name.The character of a surrendered woman Maoist leader, who shares the surname with the dreaded real life Maoist leader Jagori Baske, also crops up in the movie.\"We have changed the names for certain reasons. In the movie we have not sought to preach from the pulpit, but endeavoured to find reply from the common man's perspective,\" Chaudhuri explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17222436", "title": "Maharashtra syllabi still falls short: Students, teacher", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra State Board Of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education has partially upgraded the syllabi for std XII from the current academic year. Yet, students and teachers feel that it falls short when compared to CBSE.The state board has upgraded syllabi for physics, chemistry, biology and mathematics to ensure students appearing for the common entrance tests can compete with those from CBSE on a level playing field. The remaining subjects will be upgraded next academic session.Sameer Phale, lecturer at Ambedkar College (Deekshabhoomi), said, \"There is certainly a difference between the books of our state board and that of the CBSE. First if you just look at the thickness the variation is visible. CBSE books are much thicker. The reason is that CBSE teaches each topic in much greater detail than us.\"The CBSE syllabi is set according to the recommendations of the National Council for Educational Research and Training ( NCERT).The state board's chairman Sarjerao Jadhav however disagrees. \"We have taken great efforts to upgrade our syllabi. All the topics that are mentioned in the syllabi are at par with any other board,\" he said.The process of upgrading the state's syllabi to bring it at par with that of CBSE started a few years ago. Gradually each year successive classes saw their syllabi upgraded, with Std XII being done this year. The common syllabi is being prepared with a view to facilitate a common entrance test. The central government had been pushing for single entrance tests for medical and engineering undergraduate courses, and had urged states to ensure a common syllabi.The first common test, National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET), for medical undergraduate course kicks off from next year and Maharashtra students too will participate. But some students believe that the state's syllabi has still not been upgraded. Two such students from Nagpur have knocked on the judiciary's doors against NEET citing syllabi as one of the reason.While the Nagpur Bench of Bombay High Court has given time to the respondents till December 13, it observed that \"prima facie we find that the policy of holding NEET can't be flouted. However prior to doing that we are of the view that it will be necessary that the syllabi for entire country is common and the students should be put on same level before they appeared in the test\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17222723", "title": "Bal Thackeray\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s condition critical, Maharashtra on high alert", "text": "MUMBAI: Ailing Shiv Sena supremo Balasaheb Thackeray's health took a turn for the worse on Wednesday, prompting the police to go on high alert throughout the state.\"Balasaheb's condition is very, very critical,'' said a close relative after visiting Matoshree, the well-fortified residence of the Thackerays, late on Wednesday evening. A team of doctors from Lilavati hospital was monitoring Thackeray's health, it is learnt.Balasaheb's son and Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray, his nephew and MNS chief Raj Thackeray , and other relatives were at his bedside. Shiv Sainiks, including senior Sena leaders Manohar Joshi and Subhash Desai, made a beeline to Matoshree on learning about the Sena chief's health.Police threw a security ring around Matoshree and senior Mumbai police officials visited Kala Nagar, the three-lined enclave where Matoshree is situated, to take stock of the situation.Thackeray has been ill for over two weeks. He was admitted to Lilavati hospital in July this year after he complained of breathlessness and constipation. Since then, he was wheeled into Lilavati on two occasions.He couldn't attend the Sena's Dussehra rally last month because of poor health. A video-tape of his address was played at the annual party conclave held at Shivaji Park.Maharashtra on maximum alertFormer President Pratibha Patil called on Matoshree early this week to inquire after Balasaheb's health. Maharashtra leaders, including Chhagan Bhujbal , Gopinath Munde , Ramdas Athavale too paid a visit to Matoshree. NCP chief Sharad Pawar made a call to Thackeray's son, Uddhav on Tuesday and inquired after the Sena chief's health. Bollywood actor Amitabh Bachchan was also learnt to be at Matoshree late on Wednesday night.Meanwhile, the entire state was put on maximum alert in view of the deteriorating condition of the Sena supremo. In a wireless message to all the police commissioners and SPs, the state home department asked them to deploy not only companies of the state reserve police force, but also rapid action force companies. \"Ensure that adequate police force is deployed in your jurisdiction and if someone is taking the law into his hand or creating communal tension, deal with them with an iron hand,'' a senior IPS officer quoted the message as saying.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan too had a prolonged meeting with chief secretary J K Banthia, DGP Sanjeev Dayal, Mumbai police commissioner S P Singh and high ranking officials as news of Thackeray's condition spread.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17229504", "title": "Veena Malik celebrated Diwali in Hyderabad", "text": "The festival of lights, Diwali, is considered auspicious by Bollywood bombshell Veena Malik. On the occasion of Diwali, the actress was seen celebrating with her Telugu movie director Rama Rao at his residence in Hyderabad.Veena Malik said, \"Diwali is a festival of light and colour and I am very happy to celebrate Diwali with Rama Raoji. It's fun to light diyas, burst crackers, sparklers and rockets. And it is my second Diwali in India.\"Diwali has turned out to be a blessing from goddess Lakshmi for Veena as well. The actress offered Lakshmi Puja for wealth and success. She is also busy with her debut Telugu movie Nagna Satyam which is directed by Rama Rao and produced by Chadalavada Srinivasa Rao.\"I love seeing lights all around me. Hyderabad looks like a lovely bride during Diwali. And it's great to see people who finally take time off from their hectic lives to enjoy some time with their dear ones,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17230787", "title": "Chevrolet Knights bid to stop the roaring Lions", "text": "MUMBAI: The bizhub Highveld Lions, already runaway log leaders, will look to take a healthy lead into the second half of the Momentum One-Day Cup league competition by adding the Chevrolet Knights to their list of scalps at Senwes Park on Friday.It has been a different story for the men from the central franchise. After a comfortable win in their opening match, they have slumped to two heavy defeats in their following matches. The margins of defeat might be concerning, but coach Sarel Cilliers is philosophical on the subject. \"We need to focus on what we believe in and stick to the basics. It's a simple recipe really. All defeats hurt, the close ones the most as they leave more questions because one mistake could have made the difference. The big defeats show us exactly where the problems are.\"He is hoping to see his team rebound from the latest setbacks in the same way the bizhub Highveld Lions shrugged off the hiding they received in the final of the Champions League T20.The Chevrolet Knights will be led into battle by their third captain in four matches. Morne van Wyk's shoulder injury is still not responding to treatment, and Dean Elgar has left to join the Proteas in Australia. All-rounder Ryan McLaren will be in charge. His form with the ball has been excellent, with nine wickets in three matches, while he has also shown signs of good form with the bat. His average is at a respectable 54 with a strike rate of close to 90.Van Wyk's normal opening partner in the one-day format, Reeza Hendricks, will also be absent. Hendricks has been getting the Chevrolet Knights off to some brisk starts, maintaining a strike rate of better than a run a ball. But an injury in the field on Wednesday afternoon against the Sunfoil Dolphins has seen him side-lined as well.The Chevrolet Knights have called up fast bowler Duanne Olivier as well as Aubrey Swanepoel. The latter will probably bat up the order, and is a useful off-spinner. Rilee Rossouw is also showing some good form.Nicky Boje and Dillon du Preez have both been among the wickets, although a bit on the expensive side, while the other veteran in the bowling attack, Johannes van der Wath , had a night to forget against the Sunfoil Dolphins.They come up against a Lions outfit that is in superb touch, as their results attest. Stephen Cook is in the form of his life, piling up 283 runs already including two of his three career centuries at this level. He has not only scored big, but scored quickly with a strike rate of 95.9. He is 116 runs ahead of the next challenger ( Andrew Puttick ), and is miles ahead on the averages table as well.He has been well supported by Gulam Bodi, Quinton de Kock and Neil McKenzie . The only moderate concern will be the current form of the middle-order should the top four fail.The bowling has been in similar devastating shape. Hardus Viljoen has swept all before him, already claiming fourteen wickets at an average of just seven, and has been miserly as well with an economy rate of 3.3. Left-arm spinner Aaron Phangiso was a revelation in the Champions League, and has continued that form with seven wickets despite not even getting a bowl in the rout of the Titans, and his economy rate of 3.1 is the best in the tournament.Cook feels that being named captain in the absence of Alviro Petersen has sharpened his batting. \"In a strange way, my batting has improved even though I am focusing more on the team. I did not play much of a role in the T20 squad, but I knew I had the ability to make an impact and kept training during the Champions League.\"The success of Hardus Viljoen, especially on the quicker Highveld wickets, has not come as a surprise. \"We knew what impact he could make, especially playing with two new balls. He is tall and can exploit any movement in the pitch.\"Quinton de Kock is settling in well at the top of the order, and has easily taken up the role of a wicket-keeper/batsman in the style of an Adam Gilchrist, and gives the bizhub Highveld Lions more options at the top of the order. The Lions are a settled unit, and are relishing the habit of winning. Cook is not anticipating any changes to the team for tomorrow.History does give the Chevrolet Knights more hope than the formbook. In 17 previous encounters, the Chevrolet Knights have won twelve and the bizhub Highveld Lions just four, with one washed out. At Potchefstroom the bizhub Highveld Lions have enjoyed more success, winning eight out of sixteen (one no result) against all opponents as compared to an overall record of 30 wins to 50 losses.The Chevrolet Knights' last visit to Senwes Park was in 2010. Although Rossouw hit 102 in an imposing total of 259 in what was then a 40 over competition, the bizhub Highveld Lions snuck home by three wickets.Cook has not seen the pitch yet, but by all accounts another good batting wicket is to be expected, and the outfield is sure to be as lightning fast as always. Play starts at 15h00. Weather conditions are expected to be hot with only a slight chance of rain towards evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17221999", "title": "The key to change in India: educated youth", "text": "Times Guests Athith Krishna and Akhila Jayaram spoke to TOI on issues like education, politics, environment and corruption, besides their dreams and aspirations. The youngsters differed in their views on tackling the city's garbage problem and taking a plunge into politics to change the system, but agreed on education and corruption, especially anti-graft crusader Arvind Kejriwal's recent exposes.ON EDUCATIONToday's students are slaves of rote learning with little course flexibility. With very little time for extra-curricular activities, the 16-year education cycle pushes the child to go with peer pressure and obtain that coveted degree.But both Athith and Akhila have managed to fight time and pursue their interests, including quizzing, football and writing. There are too many students chasing too few seats in IIMs and IITs. The duo has a word of advice for those who rigorously chase the IIT dream and then end up doing something they didn't learn on campus. \"Bollywood is growing by the day. There are so many related industries and fields that can be pursued instead of something mundane, like engineering. The other option would be to increase the number of seats,'' points out Akhila.On the 25% quota reserved for the underprivileged at schools, Athith felt the RTE Act segregates people and infuses an inferiority complex in poor students. \"The government needs to look at providing proper infrastructure in their institutions and train teachers before bringing in a law that picks 25% children and puts them in an environment they are not comfortable in,'' said Akhila.Added Athith: \"Where is the need to invest so much in the defence sector? Why can't that money be pumped into education and improve the lives of so many children?''ON POLITICSLike many from GenNext, the duo has nothing nice to say about Indian politicians. But says Athith: \"Indians can't blame their politicians for misgovernance as it is we who bring them to power.''But Akhila is quick to add: \"What about the illiterate who vote for something in return? How do you blame them? Education is the answer for electing good politicians. If educated, we would make a judicious decision in voting the right people.\"While Athith doesn't mind taking a plunge into politics after completing his education, Akhila seems disinterested in politics but strongly feels that Indians need to elect the right kind of people, and not be swayed by empty promises. Both feel that youth political icon Rahul Gandhi is yet to prove himself. \"Though he's been campaigning for his party, he is yet to show his decision-making prowess to the public.\"ON CORRUPTIONBoth have been exposed to some form of corruption or other. Athith strongly feels that standing up against wrongdoers is the way out, while Akhila believes in educating the masses to wipe the evil out of the system.Corruption, they feel, cannot be dealt with in the Kejriwal fashion - that of jumping from one issue to another. \"He's just hogging the limelight and should stay outside politics to bring about a change. I wouldn't vote for Kejriwal,\" says Athith.Akhila thinks public memory is too short and corruption too deep for one person to take on. \"Kejriwal should try to prove to people why he is not like the rest of them. He should show the way on how things can be done differently. I wouldn't vote for Kejriwal because he's too inexperienced. I don't think he'd create such an impact. As citizens of the country, we need to have faith in our systems.''Both are of the view that Kejriwal has wasted his IIT degree by jumping into politics.ON ENVIRONMENTAs other children in Bangalore schools, both have done their bit for the environment, from rain water harvesting to plastic-free environs. TOI asked them for a solution to Bangalore's garbage woes and what would they do if they were in the BBMP commissioner's seat.An aggressive Athith said: \"I would pass an order for citizens to compulsorily segregate waste, which would include fines, should people choose to ignore the order. I will use technology to its fullest potential to rid the city of the menace.''A researcher in the making, Akhila thinks penalizing people would backfire. \"People should be encouraged to segregate waste at home and kids should be taught the same in school. If I were the BBMP commissioner, I'd use the media to get my point across and show visuals which would scare people and force them to segregate waste.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17224998", "title": "Obama\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s choice for secretary of state: Fried Rice vs Stale Kerry", "text": "WASHINGTON: A furious political scrap has erupted in full public view in the US capital over a potential successor to Hillary Clinton in the State Department. Republican lawmakers have threatened to block the confirmation of Susan Rice, the US envoy to UN, if President Obama nominates her for Secretary of State. The President has dared them to take him on.At the heart of the wrangle are charges from lawmakers that Rice misled them on the events in Benghazi, Libya, when she suggested that the killing of the U.S ambassador there was the result of a spontaneous uprising rather than a terrorist attack. They have demanded an inquiry into the incident and have said they have no confidence in Rice, who is an Obama acolyte and one of three candidates in running to succeed Clinton, John Kerry and National Security Advisor Tom Donilon being the other two.But at a White House press conference on Wednesday -- his first since March -- Obama bristled at suggestions that he would be forced to back down if he nominated Rice, and strongly defended the UN ambassador. Rice, the President grated, made her presentation at the request of the White House and gave her best understanding of the intelligence that had been provided to her. If McCain and Graham and others want to go after somebody, ''they should go after me. And I'm happy to have that discussion with them.''\"But for them to go after the UN ambassador, who had nothing to do with Benghazi and was simply making a presentation based on intelligence that she had received and to besmirch her reputation is outrageous,\" Obama fumed, adding if they are going after Rice because she's an easy target, ''then they've got a problem with me.\"It was the most combative President Obama got during the hour long session with the media in the East Room, although the press conference also touched on two other explosive topics -- the Petraeus affair and the fiscal cliff issue. Other than that minor eruption, the President, who appeared to have banished his gray hair overnight, exuded good cheer and confidence after his famous election win.Obama maintained he had not made a decision on naming Rice but \"if I think that she would be the best person to serve America in the capacity, then I will nominate her. That's not a determination that I've made yet.\" The current Foggy Bottom incumbent, who has expressed her desire to step down, was meanwhile in Perth, Australia, on her final farewell tours.Opinion is divided on whether Obama will expend political capital in pushing Rice should McCain and Graham dig in their heels and fry her nomination. Democrats have 53 seats in the Senate and the support of two Independents; they need 60 votes to pull Rice through, not an impossible task.But the President also has the option of drafting Rice as his National Security Advisor -- a staff position that does not require Senate confirmation -- and sending his current NSA Tom Donilon to State. Another possibility is that he may nominate John Kerry -- the Senate will happily confirm one of its own -- although it will reduce the Democrats' strength in the chamber. Capitals across the world are watching the developments.Whichever way it goes, New Delhi mandarins say they can live with it in the spirit of accepting what is inevitable, although they lean towards Rice despite occasional run-ins with her at the United Nations. Rice recently went on a private trip to India -- including a mandatory visit to Agra -- but found time to exchange notes with NSA Shiv Shankar Menon and Foreign Secretary Ranjan Mathai, an exercise that reportedly went off well.Kerry on the other hand -- despite his longer engagement with foreign policy and India -- invites a roll of the eyebrows because of his ardent championing of US aid to Pakistan to buy its support. That stale policy, repeated every few years, is now deemed a failure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17230169", "title": "Kashmir set to host international cycling meet", "text": "SRINAGAR: Kashmir is all set to host the maiden International Cycling Championship next month for which all arrangements have been finalised, the state's Minister for Youth Services and Sports RS Chib said on Thursday.The one-day event, scheduled for December 4, is being organised by Tour De India in collaboration with the Cycling Federation of India, International Cycling Federation and Jammu and Kashmir Sports Council, Chib told reporters.He said 120 cyclists of international repute are expected to take part in the event having seven 26-kilometre laps -- a total distance of 168 kms.\"The race will be held on the banks of world famous Dal Lake and will be telecast live. Twenty international media channels will cover the event,\" Chib said.He said the race is being held in three cities of the country.On December 2, the first leg of the race will be held in Mumbai followed by the second in Srinagar while the third and final leg will be held on December 9 in the Buddh International Circuit in Noida, Uttar Pradesh.\"It is the first mega event of its kind here. I welcome all the participants and hope the event will be successful,\" Chib said adding it will be a feather in the cap for JK sports council.He said a contingent of 250 participants and officials from abroad will arrive on December 3 in the valley.\"Reputed teams like Astana and Lotto have confirmed their participation in the event,\" he said.\"We will be able to showcase the beauty of Kashmir before the world. I am grateful to Tour de India for bringing this event to the valley as it will also provide an opportunity for the youth to witness the race and hopefully infuse interest in them,\" Chib said.Managing Director Tour de India Akil Khan said the valley provides best circuit for cycling and \"I am sure international players will like it\".\"The natural countryside is here in Srinagar and that is best for cycling. International cyclist look forward to long stretches and high altitude and this (valley) is the best they can have,\" Khan said, adding \"It is better than Mumbai and Noida\".He said many more such events will be organised in the state.\"We want this to be a regular feature and not just for a day but for two to three days so that the participants can enjoy the beauty of the valley and help in promotion of tourism as well,\" he said.The event will showcase the beginning of a landmark opportunity, Khan said.He said the event carries a prize money of Rs 10 Lakh. Earler, Chib laid the foundation stone of the Sports council headquarters adjacent to the Bakshi Stadium here.The Rs 2.5 crore building will be completed in one year time, he said.He also announced the Sher-e-Kashmir award for outstanding sportsperson will be given for the year 2011-12 and 2012-13 on December 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17223326", "title": "Police bust sex racket, six arrested", "text": "PATNA: Patna police raided a building at Kumhrar under Agamkuan police station on Wednesday and arrested six persons, including four girls, for allegedly being a part of flesh trade racket.\"Acting on a tip-off, a team of Agamkuan police station raided the house of Mohd Bablu near Kumhrar Gumti and arrested them. An FIR was lodged with the Agamkuan PS but, later, the case was transferred to Mahila Thana for further investigation,\" said Chandan Khushwaha, ASP, Patna City.According to police sources, Bablu was running a sex racket from his residence at Kumhrar. Bablu and his wife, along with four girls, were arrested.Two girls, Renu and Tina (name changed) were brought from West Bengal. \"I am a native of Barasat, North 24 Parganas (WB). We were a part of a dance troupe. A guy conducted the Patna trip for a Diwali party. Ladies present at the flat asked us whether we were aware about the trade or not,\" said Renu.Tina said, \"I belong to Sealdah, Kolkata, and reached Patna on November 6 with Renu. The person who brought us here put us in a private flat near Gulzarbagh railway station. On November 7, we were shifted to another flat at Kumhrar.\"Bablu had sold both the girls to another sex racket operator, Sapna Khatun, a woman police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17222036", "title": "Riots erupt in Bengal, 1 dead in police firing", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17227755", "title": "Bal Thackeray off life support system, security beefed up in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray , whose condition turned critical last night, is showing signs of improvement and has been taken off the life support system, party spokesman Sanjay Raut said on Thursday.\"Yesterday definitely there was some problem. Balasaheb is stable and responding to treatment and off life support system. Yesterday there was the need for him to be on life support system but today it is not,\" Raut, a Rajya Sabha MP, said.No medical bulletin on the ailing 86-year-old leader's condition has been issued as yet, but one of the doctors attending on him said Thackeray was still being administered oxygen.\"He is being given oxygen and his condition is still not good,\" the doctor, who did not want to be identified, told .Meanwhile, security outside Thackeray's 'Matoshree' bungalow in suburban Bandra has been stepped up following yesterday's incidents in which Shiv Sainiks had damaged some media vehicles and equipment.Large contingents of Mumbai police and Rapid Action Force have been stationed and the area has been heavily barricaded.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has been continuously monitoring law and order situation in the state in view of Thackeray's condition.\"Last night, Chavan held a high-level meeting with the chief secretary and top police officers. Since this morning, he is in constant touch with family members of the Sena chief,\" official sources said.Large number of shops and business establishments in Sena strongholds like Dadar and Parel were closed as anxious party workers converged at 'Matoshree' to inquire about their leader's health.Politicians, film personalities and captains of industry made a beeline for 'Matoshree' as a mark of solidarity with the Thackeray family.Union minister Sharad Pawar , BJP chief Nitin Gadkari , party's deputy leader in the Lok Sabha Gopinath Munde, Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh, actors Salman Khan and Sanjay Dutt , filmmakers Madhur Bhandarkar and Ashok Pandit and industrialists Rahul Bajaj and Venugopal Dhoot visited 'Matoshree' to inquire about Thackeray's condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17229187", "title": "Mohammed Nazim heads off to Punjab for brother's marriage", "text": "Mohammed Nazim popularly known as Ahem of Saath Nibhana Saathiya, has taken a few days off from his hectic schedule, to be a part of his brother's wedding.The actor is planning to attend his brother's wedding in his hometown Malerkotla near Chandigarh in Punjab. \"With the daily soap, I hardly get any leaves to spend time with my family. But as it was my brother's wedding, I got a break. With the festive season, it is the best time to catch up with all my relatives, cousins and friends who will be coming for the wedding,\" says an elated Nazim.With the wedding season around the corner, is he planning to get married anytime soon? \"I am happy to play a hubby on-screen at this moment and have no plans of getting married as of now,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17226051", "title": "Southern Railway to run special trains during Sabarimala pilgrimage season", "text": "MANGALORE: The Southern Railway will run more special trains to clear the extra rush of passengers during the Sabarimala season.Train 06007 Chennai Central - Kollam Weekly Special will leave Chennai Central at 10.30pm on Sundays from November 25 to January 20, 2013 and arrive at Kollam at 3.30pm on Mondays. Train 06008 Kollam - Chennai Central Superfast Weekly Special will leave Kollam at 9.15 pm on Mondays from November 26 to January 21 and arrive Chennai Central at 12.50 pm on Tuesdays. The trains will stop at Arakkonam, Katpadi, Gudiyattam, Vaniyambadi, Jolarpettai, Salem, Erode, Tiruppur, Coimbatore, Palakkad, Thrisur, Aluva, Ernakulam Town, Kottayam, Tiruvalla, Chengannur and Kayankulam. 06008 will stop at Perambur also.Train 06009 Chennai Central - Kollam Superfast Weekly Special will leave Chennai Central at 5.35 pm on Tuesdays from November 27 to January 15, 2013 and arrive at Kollam at 9.10 am on Wednesdays. Train 06010 Kollam - Chennai Central Weekly Special will leave Kollam at 11.15 am on Wednesdays from November 28 to January 16, 2013 and arrive Chennai Central at 3.30 am on Thursdays. The trains will stop at Arakkonam, Katpadi, Gudiyattam, Vaniyambadi, Jolarpettai, Salem, Erode, Tiruppur, Coimbatore, Palakkad, Thrisur, Aluva, Ernakulam Town, Kottayam, Tiruvalla, Chengannur and Kayankulam. 06010 will stop at Perambur also. Advance reservation for the above trains will commence from Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17221664", "title": "Three of family get burns on Diwali", "text": "NOIDA: Three members of a family sustained burn injuries on Diwali after crackers at their residence caught fire after coming in contact with diyas. Fire tenders took around half an hour to douse the flames while the victims were taken to a private hospital. They are said to be critical and undergoing treatment.The incident took place at the residence of Satender Kumar, who lives with his wife and two children in Sector 66 of Noida. Satender was out of his residence while his wife and two children, identified as Sunita (40), Puja (13) and Vivek (18), were at home.Police said the family had diesel stored in their home which further aggravated the fire. \"Prima facie it appears that the crackers caught fire with diyas which ignited the diesel placed in a container,\" a police officer said. All family members have sustained at least 20% burn injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17232217", "title": "three-tier disaster management system for UT", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT administration has finalised a three-tier disaster management system, which includes setting up of a District Disaster Management Committee (DDMC) and district-level coordination committees.A comprehensive disaster mitigation plan to optimally utilize men, material and available resources to prevent loss of life and property in case of an eventuality has also been finalised.The proposal has been discussed with the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) and the details of the project will be worked out shortly. The deputy commissioner office has been directed to prepare a report on the disaster management plan for the city after a meeting with NDMA members, who were here last week.Mohali and Panchkula have already decided to work out a joint Disaster Management Plan, so that, any natural calamity like earthquake or any accident due to the negligence of mankind like fire is tackled effectively.As part of the plan, the fire department has been asked to ensure the sufficient number of hydrants near the Shastri Market, Palika Bazar, Patel Market, Janta Rehri Market, Sadar Bazar and other rehri markets. He directed the officials to immediately remove the violations if any and to keep the pathways and corridors clear of all the encroachments at all the times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17230063", "title": "Google adds new features to Gmail", "text": "Google, the search giant, has introduced new search features in Gmail, its cloud-based email service. In a post on the official Gmail blog, software engineer Christian Kurmann said that users can search their emails while taking into account file size and exact date.\"We're always looking for ways to make it faster and easier for you to find your messages using search in Gmail. So starting today, you can now search emails by size, more flexible date options, exact match and more. This means, for example, to find emails larger than 5MB, you can search for size:5m or larger:5m or to find emails sent over a year ago, older_than:1y,\" according to the blogKurmann's post further continued that these new additions will work in conjunction with other Gmail features intro by Google recently, including new compose box and autocomplete in search.A few months ago, the company had also started field trials wherein users logged into their Gmail accounts could search for emails and files from Google Search itself. Currently being tested only on desktop searches, these trials require users to sign up by themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17221249", "title": "'Wednesday's cool weather not here to stay'", "text": "PANAJI: The mercury suddenly dropped from 23+C to 21.2C on Wednesday morning, but a system developing in the Bay of Bengal may play spoilsport, as it may turn into a well-marked, low pressure area, sources at the meteorological centre said.The minimum temperature was 24.2C on Saturday and continued to be 23+C during the last few days. But on Wednesday, it dropped to 21.2C while it was even lower, at 20.4C, at the ICAR complex at Old Goa, barely 10km from Panaji. The humidity levels also came down to normal-75% in the morning and even 53%, which is -12 less than normal- on Wednesday.But the met centre is watching the system in the Bay of Bengal. \"Though the night temperature has reduced, there may not be much change,\" K V Singh, director, met centre, said. The systems in the Bay of Bengal are unsettling the pattern of winds. \"The trend of winds is not setting due to disturbance, and largely easterlies are blowing,\" Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17228356", "title": "Santosh Sivan working big in 2013", "text": "Santosh Sivan will probably have a very busy 2013 as he is gearing up to work on two mega projects next year. On his drawing board for the next year is 'Ceylon', a bilingual film to be made in Tamil and English.\"All I can say is the film stars a 15-year-old and this has been on my mind for a while. Then I have something very big and at the moment I am sorry I just can't share the details of that mega project. I will speak up the moment everything is ready,\" said Santhosh Sivan.The Priyadarshan-Sivan duo is coming together for ' Rangrezz ' after 1996 film ' Kalapani ', which won four National Awards including the best cinematographer trophy for Sivan.\"The past couple of months have been hectic as I was almost simultaneously doing two mega projects. While Tamil film ' Thuppakki ' is over, there is a little bit more to be done in Priyadarshan's Hindi film ' Rangrezz ',\" added the ace cinematographer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17223778", "title": "Bal Thackeray critical; not lost hope, says Uddhav", "text": "MUMBAI: \"I have not lost hope. We are facing a crisis, we shall overcome,\" Shiv Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray said early Thursday even as his father and party supremo Bal Thackeray remained \"critical\".Uddhav stepped outside the Thackeray home 'Matoshri' briefly around 2am to address the massive crowd of anxious party activists who gathered there since late Wednesday.Accompanied by son Aditya, Uddhav appealed to the people to \"remain calm and maintain peace\" and ensure that the image of 'Matoshri' is not spoiled.\"The team of doctors is continuing their efforts....Balasaheb's self-determination is very strong... We are facing a crisis, we shall overcome,\" Uddhav assured his supporters.He added that Thackeray was responding positively to the medical treatment being administered by the doctors and urged his supporters to pray for their leader's health and co-operate in maintaining peace.The 86-year-old Thackeray has been suffering from breathing problems and has been occasionally put on oxygen.Shortly after Uddhav's assurance, many of the 5,000-plus party activists who had crowded around 'Matoshri' slowly started dispersing.Over 5,000 anxious Shiv Sainiks from Mumbai, Thane and other parts of the state trooped to Bandra east awaiting a word on their beloved leader's health.All roads leading to 'Matoshri' were also barricaded and even some party leaders had to abandon their vehicles near the Western Express Highway and walk the short route to the Thackeray household.Traffic jams were reported on major roads to the north and south of Bandra inconveniencing thousands of people celebrating Diwali.Balasaheb's son and Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray, his nephew and MNS chief Raj Thackeray, and other relatives were at his bedside. Shiv Sainiks, including senior Sena leaders Manohar Joshi and Subhash Desai, made a beeline to Matoshree on learning about the Sena chief's health.Police threw a security ring around Matoshree and senior Mumbai police officials visited Kala Nagar, the three-lined enclave where Matoshree is situated, to take stock of the situation.Thackeray has been ill for over two weeks. He was admitted to Lilavati hospital in July this year after he complained of breathlessness and constipation. Since then, he was wheeled into Lilavati on two occasions.He couldn't attend the Sena's Dussehra rally last month because of poor health. A video-tape of his address was played at the annual party conclave held at Shivaji Park.Maharashtra on maximum alertFormer President Pratibha Patil called on Matoshree early this week to inquire after Balasaheb's health. Maharashtra leaders, including Chhagan Bhujbal, Gopinath Munde, Ramdas Athavale too paid a visit to Matoshree. NCP chief Sharad Pawar made a call to Thackeray's son, Uddhav on Tuesday and inquired after the Sena chief's health. Bollywood actor Amitabh Bachchan was also learnt to be at Matoshree late on Wednesday night.Meanwhile, the entire state was put on maximum alert in view of the deteriorating condition of the Sena supremo. In a wireless message to all the police commissioners and SPs, the state home department asked them to deploy not only companies of the state reserve police force, but also rapid action force companies. \"Ensure that adequate police force is deployed in your jurisdiction and if someone is taking the law into his hand or creating communal tension, deal with them with an iron hand,\" a senior IPS officer quoted the message as saying.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan too had a prolonged meeting with chief secretary J K Banthia, DGP Sanjeev Dayal, Mumbai police commissioner S P Singh and high ranking officials as news of Thackeray's condition spread.(With inputs from IANS)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17221978", "title": "Cap on cell towers near Okhla Bird Sanctuary in Noida", "text": "NOIDA: To check harmful effects of electromagnetic radiations on wildlife, the Gautam Budh Nagar forest department has made it mandatory to obtain clearance before setting up mobile towers near Okhla Bird Sanctuary. The forest department has asked Noida Authority to refrain from granting any fresh approval for setting up new towers within a 1km radius of the protected sanctuary.Forest department officials said that the Authority has also been directed to provide a list of already existing mobile towers within the 1km region. The department of telecommunication in the district has also been issued similar notices. \"These towers would be considered for possible removal from the area to be re-located,\" said B Prabhakar, DFO, Gautam Budh Nagar. The directives have been issued in compliance with an advisory issued by the Union environment ministry in August on the use of mobile towers to minimize impacts on wildlife. The advisory has been formulated by the ministry with the objective to avoid and mitigate harmful effects of electromagnetic radiation based upon a report prepared by an expert committee constituted by it in 2010.According to the forest department, notices would also be put up within the bird sanctuary to create awareness about the norms and standards with regard to installation of mobile phone towers and the dangers of electromagnetic radiations.As per the guidelines laid down in the MoEF advisory, studies conducted by any agency to verify the impact of electromagnetic radiations need to be shared with the forest department and the department of telecommunications to formulate proper policies. The telecommunication department has also been advised to take precautions while installing new towers, so that they don't obstruct the flight of birds, and also not increase combined radiations from other towers in the area.\"The pollution control board, apart from the telecommunication department, has been issued notices for compliance with the advisory,\" added Prabhakar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17220918", "title": "On Diwali, Obama seeks guidance from darkness to light", "text": "WASHINGTON: Diwali is a time of reflection for the year gone by and a time to pray for a good year ahead, President Obama explained in an elaborate video message on Tuesday to wish Indians of all faiths, with references to Rama, Mahavira, and Guru Hargobind. He also provided a brief exposition of the upanishadic mantra \"asatoma sadgamaya\" seeking guidance from darkness to light.The US president will have plenty to contemplate in the days ahead as an unexpected ethical scandal and a looming fiscal crisis threaten to derail the start of his second term. A general who evidently succumbed to \"base human impulses and emotions\" that the President cited Jain guru Mahavira as conquering, has made his cabinet reconstituting exercise harder than anticipated.While much of the focus of that exercise hitherto centered on finding a replacement for Hillary Clinton , who is expected to step down as Secretary of State, attention has now turned to stewardship of CIA and the post of Secretary of Defense, where Leon Panetta has signaled his intention to head back to his native California. Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairman John Kerry , who was tipped to succeed Clinton in Foggy Bottom, the State Department headquarters, is now being spoken as a successor to Panetta at the Pentagon. Consequently, Susan Rice, the US ambassador to UN, the other favorite, is now considered a top contender for State.Nothing is written in stone. Obama has a record of making surprising, unexpected picks; his National Security Advisor Tom Donilon, is also in the mix. But unlike Kerry with Kerry, whose Senate peers are expected to approve him easily in the confirmation process, Rice is not a shoo-in on account of her statements on the Benghazi episode which killed the US ambassador in Libya , wherein she suggested it was the result of a spontaneous uprising, not terrorism. Some Republican stalwarts have indicated it will be tough going for Rice.\"I'm not entertaining, promoting anybody that I think was involved with the Benghazi debacle. We need to get to the bottom of it. The president has a lot of leeway with me and others when it comes to making appointments, but I'm not going to promote somebody who I think has misled the country or is either incompetent. That's my view of Susan Rice,\" South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham told CBS Face the Nation. Obama could still push for Rice, but it is difficult to see him expending political capital on the process when he needs it to work on the fiscal deal.Although he sent out a two-minute long Diwali greeting on video, Obama did not attend the White House festivity on Tuesday, delegating his vice-president Joe Biden to light the diya. Instead, the President was meeting business leaders and CEOs for talks on America's economic crisis, including averting the so-called fiscal cliff before the year-end, failing which the country will have make huge spending cuts and increase taxes all around.Among those he met, Pepsico chief Indra Nooyi , who has often been spoken for a role in the administration, specifically in the Department of Commerce, which has been headless since the departure in June of John Bryson following a seizure-related road accident.Indian-Americans have voted in droves for President Obama -- somewhere in the region of 84 per cent in 2008 and about the same level in 2012 -- and there is expectation that the community will see one of their own in a cabinet position soon. USAID administrator Rajiv Shah , who is of a sub-cabinet level, is the highest ranked official in the Obama administration. Over the years, there have been several Indian-Americans at the assistant secretary level.But the community has gained much recognition and traction in recent years because of their high academic achievements and income levels. The White House Diwali celebration is one acknowledgement of that. On Tuesday, Biden, whose home base Delaware has a significant Indian population, led the festivities that included Carnatic music by Vandana and Vidya Iyer. Also attending the event was Tulsi Gabbard, the first self-described \"Hindu-American\" to be elected to the US House of Representatives from Obama's home state of Hawaii.The White House website also marked the occasion with an elaborate blog including videos and pictures of the Obamas celebrating Diwali during their visit to India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17221807", "title": "Parking drive: Cops net Rs 45 lakh in 3 weeks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Traffic officials have collected over Rs 45 lakh in challans in three weeks in their attempt to make certain areas of the capital free of illegal parking on carriageways. Traffic police figures show that around 6,625 people have been issued challans for parking on the main carriageway on Vikas Marg, Connaught Place, Dwarka, Ring Road and Chandni Chowk.\"Any vehicle found parked on the main carriageway of these pilot corridors have been issued a challan of Rs 600. When the vehicle driver has not been found in the vicinity, in around 773 cases, the vehicles have been towed away,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Of the challans, around 2,290 have been in the form of notices pasted on windscreens of these vehicles. About Rs 20 lakhs is expected to be collected from these challans, said cops.The special challan of Rs 600 has brought real compliance along these corridors, say traffic cops. This challan, as opposed to the usual challan of Rs 100 for improper parking, is to deter rampant illegal parking in Delhi. Those found parking on the main carriageway of these stretches are slapped a Rs 100 fine under section 177 of the motor vehicle act for improper parking and a Rs 500 fine under section 179 for obstruction and disobeying lawful directions. Vehicle owners have to pay additional towing charges if their vehicle has been found parked without anyone in attendance.The stretches where the Rs 600 challan are currently applicable in the outer and inner circles of Connaught Place, Ring Road between Ashram and Moti Bagh, Vikas Marg, Dwarka sector 4/12 and 6/10 markets and the Chandni Chowk main carriageway between Red Fort and Fatehpuri Masjid.\"The stretch between Moolchand to AIIMS sees many buses slowing down traffic as there is unauthorized parking where the bus stops are located. To reduce this, the stretch has been included in our drive,\" said Garg.This drive has now been expanded to the area around Pragati Maidan for the duration of the trade fair. To avoid improper parking and traffic snarls due to the trade fair, traffic officials have placed signs around Pragati Maidan to ensure proper traffic movement.Any vehicles found parking illegally along Bhairon Road, Mathura Road and Purana Qila will be issued a challan for Rs 600 and the car will be towed away if not removed immediately, said cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17222669", "title": "Damage to place of worship triggers tension in Hyderabad Old City", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tension prevailed in Falaknuma and surrounding areas on Wednesday after unidentified assailants damaged the gopuram of Nalla Pochamma temple located at a graveyard near the railway bridge on Tuesday night.The incident came to light on Wednesday morning when locals noticed the partly damaged gopuram of the temple located inside the Dhobhi community grave yard near the Falaknuma railway bridge.With a mob starting to gather at the site, a police team headed by Falaknuma inspector M Hussaini Naidu rushed to prevent any untoward incident. \"There are three small temples located in the graveyard. Miscreants damaged the gopuram of the three-feet tall Nalla Pochamma temple,\" the inspector said.Police immediately cordoned off the area and posted a picket to prevent any of trouble. With the assurance given by the police that the miscreants would be arrested soon, the mob left the place.Falaknuma police said that in the past miscreants had resorted to desecration of the other two places of worship located in the graveyard. But no arrests have been made so far. Police booked a case under section 295 (destroying, damaging or defiling a place of worship or sacred object with intent to insult the religion of any class or person) of the IPC. Meanwhile, with Diwali passing off peacefully, South Zone police removed the road blockades set up around Charminar and traffic was allowed to pass through from Wednesday morning. However, keeping in view the sensitive situation, a strict vigil is still being maintained at Bhagyalakshmi temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17225052", "title": "Chidambaram seeks release of person held for photographing him", "text": "NEW DELHI: Finance minister P Chidambaram on Thursday expressed surprise over the arrest of a person who reportedly attempted to take some pictures of him near the Chennai airport on Tuesday and sought his immediate release.In a statement issued here on Thursday, Chidambaram said he was surprised and disappointed to learn that a person who reportedly attempted to take some pictures of him was detained by police at the Chennai airport on Tuesday.\"I did not know about the incident until the media reported it yesterday evening. Immediately, I told PTI that I had no knowledge of the incident and nobody had told me about it then or subsequently,\" he said.\"I do not know why the police has detained the person concerned. I have asked my office to get in touch with the Tamil Nadu police and request them to release the person immediately,\" Chidambaram said in the statement.A 34-year-old man has been taken into custody for questioning after he was seen taking pictures of finance minister P Chidambaram at the Chennai airport.Airport sources said Amir was seen taking pictures of the minister using his camera. He had confirmed first-class tickets to Delhi and from there to Dubai .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17230488", "title": "We would have been happier with 5-6 wickets: Graeme Swann", "text": "AHMEDABAD: England would have been happier with five or six wickets by stumps on the opening day of the first cricket Test, according to off-spinner Graeme Swann , who said destructive opener Virender Sehwag took the game away with his blistering run-a-ball 117 on Thursday.\"They are in a very strong position. The first session they undoubtedly won. Arguably the other two were even. Having lost the toss and bowled first on that pitch we'd have liked five or six wickets but we'll take four,\" said Swann, who was the standout performer for the visitors with his 4-85 haul.\"If we had five or six it would have been an exceptional day for us and would have knocked 60 runs off the total,\" he added.Swann credited Sehwag for taking the game away with his first Test century in two years.\"You have to hand it to Viru the way he played at the start. The way Viru batted he really took the game away from us in the first couple of hours so it was very important to pull it back. We know he can be destructive, he's done it against us before,\" Swann said.\"I've been reading in the paper that he hasn't got a century for a couple of years and he's been questioned by the local press ... Good on him for banishing those doubters,\" the 33-year-old added.Swann had started the day one wicket behind Jim Laker (193 wickets) and became England's highest wicket taking off-spinner when he scalped Sehwag's wicket.\"It is a proud moment. I always say I'm not a stats man but when people told me I was near Jim Laker I was genuinely excited. When you're growing up these are the famous names of the game, you don't even dream of emulating them, let alone going past them,\" he said.Swann, who grabbed the wickets of Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir , Sachin Tendulkar and Virat Kohli, said the key on the slow Sardar Patel Stadium wicket was to bowl straight which his team did not do in the opening session.\"At lunch time we sat down and came up with a new game plan. I don't think we bowled straight enough in the first session. On a pitch that is low and slow you have to attack the stumps a bit more. I think we did that as the game went on and that's why we got a couple of wicket and pulled the run-rate back,\" he said.Swann said there was not much turn on the pitch and credited luck for getting some extra turn to beat the defensive bat of Virat Kohli and bowl the Indian batsman through the gate.\"I was fortunate that the ball was changed after the quarter seam exploded on the soft ball. The replacement was a touch harder. No ball spun for three or four overs and then one just hit a pebble and turned square.\"If you look at the footage going through the day, very few balls have turned. Towards the end there was a bit of turn, but I don't think that necessarily makes a bad Test wicket. It's very, very flat for the seamers. You could argue that it's a good Test pitch. I will say that because I've got four wickets,\" he added.Though he got senior batsman Tendulkar's wicket, caught in the deep, Swann said the senior Indian batsman was still the greatest player in the active players' list.\"Before he even comes out to the middle you know who it is from the crowd's noise. It's always nice to get him out, and get him out early. Let's face it, he's the greatest player still playing the game,\" he said.Swann said the Indian slow bowlers can pose some problems to his team's batsmen but the pitch was still good for batting.\"The Indian spinners were probably watching with eagle eyes today and looking forward to bowling on that pitch. It's still a very good pitch for batting on. It's only the odd ball that turned. That can pose problems sometimes. I think our batsmen will look at the footage and realise that it's still a good pitch,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17220883", "title": "Baichung Bhutia begins stint as Sikkim FC coach", "text": "KOLKATA: One of the country's most successful footballers who still plays in the I-League, an entrepreneur and owner of a football team \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Baichung Bhutia has worn many hats in his illustrious career.On Tuesday, he added another 'feather' to his list of accomplishments \u00e2\u20ac\u201d he became a coach.With his team United Sikkim FC still smarting from the 1-10 defeat at the hands of United SC in their I-League match last Saturday, Baichung \u00e2\u20ac\u201d both a player and co-owner of the team \u00e2\u20ac\u201d got into the act, restructuring the team management by elevating himself as player-cum-coach and giving coach Philippe de Ridder the role of football director.\"I'll be coaching the team on a temporary basis till we get a suitable candidate. It's a challenge and, at the same time, a risk,\" he said ahead of his team's practice session at the East Bengal club on Tuesday.\"It's not new for a player to be coach of the team as well. It's happened in Europe, like in the case of Ruud Gullit .\"Sometimes things just happen and situations call for a different reaction and different perspective. As a team, we are going through a difficult phase. So I have stepped up to take it as a challenge,\" added the former Indian captain.Baichung will make his debut as coach this Sunday when United Sikkim face Sporting Clube in Margao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/ berhampur", "code": "17221106", "title": "Five Maoists killed in Gajapati district", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/ BERHAMPUR: Securitymen on Wednesday claimed to have gunned down five Maoists and injured a few others belonging to the Sabyasachi Panda faction during an encounter in Gajapati district. Two securitymen also sustained injuries, but are out of danger, police said.The gun-battle took place at Bhaliagada forest in Mohana's Gobindapur panchayat area around 11 am when a police patrolling party came across a Maoist camp where Panda and around 15 of his associates were present, police said. \"The Maoists opened fire and our men retaliated likewise. The gun-battle continued for an hour. We have recovered five bodies (all male) from the spot,\" DGP Prakash Mishra told TOI. \"Their identities are yet to be ascertained, but we believe they were from Kandhamal and Gajapati districts and indoctrinated in the Maoist ideology,\" he added.Police said the blood trail from spot of encounter to the jungle suggested that some of the Red rebels were injured. \"We have seized an Italian-make pistol, which is supposed to be Panda's personal weapon. This forces us to suspect he was present during the gun-battle and could be injured as well,\" a senior police officer said.Police sources said the security team, comprising district voluntary force (DVF) and policemen from Ganjam and Gajapati districts besides personnel of the elite Special Operations Group (SOG), were tipped off about the Maoist camp on Tuesday night. \"We had information that several Maoists, including Sabyasachi Panda alias Sunil, Pradeep, Sagar and Nikita were present. All of them belonged to Panda's newly floated Odisha Maobadi Party (OMP),\" a police officer disclosed. Panda launched OMP earlier this year after the CPI (Maoist) expelled him dubbing him a \"renegade\", soon after he caught international attention by staging the kidnap-then-release drama involving two Italian tourists in March.DIG (southern range) R K Sharma said around 100 security personnel were still combing the bordering areas of Gajapati and Ganjam districts, where Panda has been operating for over a decade. \"We have alerted police in the region to seal possible escape routes and also keep an eye on hospitals,\" Sharma informed. \"We have information that Panda is trying to regroup and increase his cadre strength in Gajapati, Ganjam, Kandhamal and Rayagada districts,\" he added.SP (Ganjam) Ashish Singh said police have seized four country-made guns, two 9 mm pistols, around 80 kg of explosives and 35 rounds of live cartridges from the spot.Dandapani Mohanty, who was one of the two interlocutors during the Italian hostage crisis, described the encounter as \"cold-blooded murders\". \"Policemen killed them when they were sleeping,\" he said. Sabyasachi's wife Subhashree, who was released as part of a swap deal during the Italian hostage episode, condemned the slayings. \"The killings expose the government's double face. When a peace process is on and efforts are being made to bring him (Sabyasachi) to the mainstream, where was the need for such an encounter?\" she asked.This was the second major success for police. In 2011, they had claimed to have shot dead nine Maoists at Basangamali hillock in Kashipur area of Rayagada district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17223165", "title": "J&K; infiltration bid foiled, 3 jawans, 2 terrorists killed", "text": "SRINAGAR: Three Army jawans and two terrorists were killed in an encounter at Nowgam along the Line of Control in north Kashmir's Kupwara district on Wednesday as the army foiled an infiltration bid.Defence spokesman Lt Col J S Brar said the encounter continued till late evening and the slain terrorists were Pakistani nationals. In a separate incident, a Lashkar-eTaiba terrorist was killed by security men on Tuesday during an encounter at Kujjan village in south Kashmir's Kulgam district. Police identified him as Shabir Ahmad Mir, a terrorist with a cash reward on his head.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "puducherry", "code": "17221972", "title": "In two days, Pondy sees 69 fire accidents", "text": "PUDUCHERRY: The Union territory of Puducherry reported 69 fire accidents in which 50 huts and six sheds were razed on November 12 and 13. Divisional fire officer Balla Kristaya said properties worth 35.37 lakh were gutted in these fire accidents in two days. Spark from fireworks might have led to the accidents, he said.A fire accident was reported on East Coast Road at 10am on Tuesday near Villupuram border in which three huts, three sheds and antique furniture mart were destroyed. Three fire tenders took almost three hours to put out the fire. The loss of property was estimated at 27.31 lakh. In another major fire in Karaikal, 10 huts, waste materials and a tractor were damaged. The loss of properties was estimated at Rs 2.49 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17222498", "title": "Four vehicle thieves held", "text": "HYDERABAD: KPHB police arrested four persons including two engineering students and recovered 16 stolen vehicles including 12 cars from their possession.During the vehicle check at Bhagyanagar Colony on Tuesday night, KPHB police intercepted an Alto car (AP 10 H 5354). As the driver Manoj, a student from SS Institute of Technology in Dundigul, did not have the vehicle registration documents police seized the car and took him into custody.During the interrogation, Manoj confessed that he along with his friends, Shiva Shankar and Karthik of Proddutur had committed 15 vehicle thefts at KPHB, Chaitanyapuri and Vanasthalipuram in the past one year. Police said that Karthik is an engineering student from Kadapa and Shiva Shankar recently finished his graduation. Shiva Shankar and Karthik used to visit Manoj frequently . Based on Manoj's confession, police arrested Shiva Shankar, Karthik and Vinod Kumar, who purchased the stolen vehicles, from Proddutur on Wednesday. All the stolen vehicles were recovered from their possession.\"In the past few months, the gang stole 12 cars, three bikes and a DCM van from the city. The stolen vehicles were disposed off at Kadapa,\" Kukatpally ACP B Malla Reddy said. The accused along with the stolen property have been produced before the court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17221848", "title": "In a first, \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcbook week\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 tries to reach Delhi's Walled City kids", "text": "NEW DELHI: November 14 is a busy day for children. There are cultural programmes to participate in, painting competitions and cartoon-drawing. And at Zakir Husain College, after a round of \"sit-and-draw\" for about 450 kids, National Book Trust inaugurated their annual National Book Week. The programme is a quarter century old but this year is the first time NBT is trying to reach kids in the Walled City.Such efforts have been difficult in the Walled City. \"Even our vans can't reach the lanes inside,\" says M A Sikander, director, NBT. He hopes the partnership with Zakir Husain College,will pay off.The Book Week kicked off at the college with the competition and an exhibition of books, organized by NBT in collaboration with Sahitya Akademi and Naitional Council for Promotion of Urdu Language. Minister for communications and information technology, Kapil Sibal, released several books. Also, 50 Delhi schools as well as educational institutions run by NGO's, many of them operating within Old Delhi and areas around it, received books worth Rs 5,000 each.\"Last year we had 40 'static' exhibitions in 40 different schools. But there weren't many takers for the books,\" says Sikander. This year, they also held online contests for children which included activites such as blog-post writing. Sibal says both NBT and Urdu Council \"should launch themselves in a much bigger way\" and he proposed a tie-up with his ministry to make books available in different formats.\"Illustrated works can be made available in digital format and you can add sound too,\" he says adding that he hopes that books can also be loaded on Aakash tablets for easy access. The book week will continue till November 20 and about 200 book promotional events are being organized.At a Saket Mall, the Delhi leg of a reading-promotion programme, 'Qitaabe', will run for a month. For this, NBT has collaborated with NGO Cinedarbaar. They are holding an online writing contest and the best entries will be considered for publication by NBT.Delhi Commission for Protection of Child Rights teamed up with Delhi Child Rights Club and Butterflies to organized drawing competitions and cultural programmes at Gandhi Peace Foundation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17221335", "title": "Board issues notice to marine plant in Cuncolim", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) has issued a show cause notice to United Marine Products atthe Cuncolim industrial estate as to why should their consent to operate orders not be cancelled for allegedly causing an obnoxious smell and environmental pollution in the vicinity.Activist Oscar Martins, in his complaint, alleged that the unit is being operated by night, and because of this, a bad smell is being caused in the vicinity.Based on the complaint, board officials conducted an inspection of the unit and observed that the effluent treatment plant installed at the unit was not stabilized and was not being efficiently operated.The board then directed the management of the unit to remain present before the chairman of the board on November 19, 2012, in order to submit its say and show cause as to why appropriate legal action as stipulated under the Water Act and Air Act, including action for the cancellation of the consent to operate order issued to unit, should not be initiated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17227252", "title": "Ganesh goes evil", "text": "Ganesh Venkatraman will be seen in a completely different avatar in his upcoming film with Nagarjuna and Anushka, Damarukum. \"As an actor, it's important to switch characters just like Prakash Raj sir does. After doing a romantic film like Panithuli, it was a good experience doing a negative role,\" says the actor. The film, he says, has used some of the best technicians around and thus, the special effects have shaped up really well. He adds, \"The story of the film is quite interesting, and my character is something on the lines of SRK's character in Darr . I would call it a contemporary doomsday film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17225945", "title": "Monica will be Parvana in Mollywood", "text": "Actress Monica has made a change to her name for Mollywood, where she will be called Parvana. She is 'Parvana' only as far as her commitment to star in Malayalam films is concerned. The actress, who impressed many with her role of a teenager in Parthiban's Azhagi, is trying her best to make deep inroads in Mollywood.Born as Rekha Maruthiraj, the 25-year old Monica has recently forayed into the world of Malayalam films with 916 which has Anoop Menon, Asif Ali, Mukesh and Meera Vasudev as her co-stars. The film released last weekend to a mized review.\"Script is the strength of the film and I'm happy to have entered Mollywood in a film directed by award-winning director Mohanan,\" says Monica.Monica started off as a child artiste and graduated into a heroine but except for Silandhi in which she sizzled in a sexy avatar, none of her films in Tamil managed to make a mark.\"I shall continue to remain Monica for Tamil audiences,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "17222425", "title": "Centre unjust to Vidarbha: Manikrao Thakre", "text": "YAVATMAL: Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee president made a scathing attack on the UPA government during a press conference on Wednesday. He said that the centre has been unjust to the state and also Vidarbha. He was talking about the non-inclusion of the leaders from the region in the cabinet during the recent shuffle.\"We have brought this injustice to the notice of Congress high command and have requested the top leaders to consider issue,\" said Manikrao Thakre.The MPCC has decided to organize division wise rallies followed by State-level rally, in order to create awareness among the people about the benefits of FDI . The rally will commence from Akola falling under Amravati Division on November 17. The rally would be addressed by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and other Party leaders including ministers of state, he informed.Regarding procurement of cotton, Thakre said that MPCC has asked NAFED and to open at least 10 centres in each district.For the ongoing agitation of sugar cane growers, Thakre accused the mighty sugar lobby for not disclosing their agenda behind the agitation. He categorically denied Swabhiman Sethkari Sanghatana president Sadubhau Khot's allegation that the farmers are facing crisis due to the cold war between Sharad Pawar and Ajit Pawar.\"We want the management and the cane growers to come together and solve the issue through productive talks, so that the farmers get good price for their produce,\" he further said.The District guardian minister Dr Nitin Raut, education minister Rajendra Darda, YDCC president and MLA Wamanrao Kasawar, RS member Vijay Darda, MLA Vijay Khadse and mahila wing district president and former MLA Vijayatai Dhote were present at the press meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17223452", "title": "Saving Sukhna on their mind", "text": "It is not the affairs of daily life that occupy the thoughts of this group of five students from University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET), who have taken an initiative to save the Sukhna Lake by joining hands with the UT administration.The students, hoping to rejuvenate the dried water body, have conducted a detailed study and are preparing a report that will help the forest department in this endeavour.Their study suggest that to keep a check on weed growth, which is called eutrophication, there needs to be a balanced amount of minerals in the lake water. This can be ensured by treating water before it enters the lake. The low water-level in the lake during summer can be resolved by ensuring high inflow of rainwater into the lake during monsoons. Also, the sewerage treatment plants can be developed as a new source of continuous water supply, the students have proposed.Subodh Khullar, Vikramjeet Singh, Minaldeep Singh Cheema, Siddharth Singh and Soumil Madaan are all final year students of BE-MBA course. The UT administration had approached Panjab University to assist it in saving Sukhna.\"The lake's water-level has been declining continuously because of silt accumulation, weed growth and poor quality of water, which is the most important issue,\" said Soumil Madaan, a group member.He added the group has worked out several other ways to resolve the silting issue in the lake. The UIET students said one of their plan includes a proper drainage system in residential areas around Sukhna, through which waste water can be treated and let in to the lake. \"A proper drainage system will also save rainwater from getting wasted and take it straight to the lake,\" said another group member Siddarth.The rain-fed lake was created in 1958 by damming the Sukhna Choe, a seasonal stream coming down from the Shivalik Hills. The 1.52 km long and 1.49 km wide lake was originally 18-feet-wide. But, heavy silt deposits reduced the depth of the lake to 8 feet 6 inches and its area to 1. 5 sq km, said another student working for the cause Vikramjeet.Minaldeep from the group said the water from original catchment areas of the lake should be diverted to the water body without obstructions.The students' report also mentions that a continuous flow of clean water in the lake is important.\"We want this to work out as it would be a good deed to our beloved city and would let us implement our engineering an management skills,\" said Siddarth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17223403", "title": "The dark side of Diwali: 60 cases of eye injury", "text": "CHANDIGARH: For some Diwali is all about an adrenaline rush, even if it means plunging someone into darkness. Take the case of eight-year-old Sahil. A bomb exploded and his world imploded. He felt a shooting pain in the eye and ran home crying. His eyes were swollen. The family rushed him to PGI where he is undergoing treatment with two other children. Sahil's mother does not know that her son won't see again. She is expectantly waiting for the ordeal to end. It has just begun.Splinters from 'bombs' caused several accidents on Diwali. \"There has been perforation of the eye globe in serious cases. In many of the cases, victims were bystanders,\" said Dr Amit Gupta of the Advanced Eye Centre, PGI.Doctors at GMCH-32 said a 21-year-old patient lost his vision following an injury caused by a cracker. A 14- month-old was also rushed to hospital after a splinter pierced his eye. \"The child was a bystander and a bomb splinter pierced through his eyes. He has recovered,\" Dr S K Arya of the department of ophthalmology, GMCH said.There were around 60 cases of eye injuries this time, which is less than last year. But the nature of injuries was more serious. \"We have four serious cases, including two adults and two children under 14 years of age,\" Dr Arya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17222959", "title": "India, Suu Kyi bury the past", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's a homecoming as well as a reconciliation. Aung San Suu Kyi , the iconic democracy leader from Myanmar, caught up with friends, visited her alma mater, even the Myanmar embassy where she stayed with her mother, who was Burma's ambassador to India.In her first visit to India in over 40 years, Suu Kyi and India both tried to put an uncomfortable past behind them. Suu Kyi's imprisonment shut off Myanmar from the rest of the world as condemnation was heaped on the military regime. India, though, engaged the Tatmadaw extensively, so much so that after China, India has become one of Myanmar's most important partners.To that extent, it has been a hurdle that India, a beacon of democracy itself, should abandon the world's greatest living champion on democracy next door. It has been a difficult decision for India, and one that has kept it in the firing range of the western world.India's awkwardness with Suu Kyi was evident in June, when Prime Minister Manmohan Singh visited Yangon. Not wanting to annoy the military, the PM's office insisted that Suu Kyi call on Singh, even though a long line of world leaders had visited her in her now famous house by the lake. It was a clumsy move, and India's official explanation that protocol triumphed everything found few takers.Therefore, it was really important for a big reconciliation process, specially after Suu Kyi herself described India's actions as \"disappointing\". This week, Suu Kyi received a reception reserved for a head of state as she arrived for a six-day visit. From a private dinner by the PM to a public lecture and scores of high-level interactions in between, Suu Kyi has been feted in a particularly special way. India remains in active engagement with the military in Myanmar, because the government believes it will remain the most important player in Myanmar for some time to come. The next round of elections are in 2015 where Suu Kyi's party NLD is expected to sweep. But before that, a series of reforms and changing power equations will be expected. Suu Kyi will be a big player or will be deeply affected by all these changes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17229711", "title": "Parupalli Kashyap reaches quarterfinals of China Open", "text": "NEW DELHI: London Olympics quarterfinalist, Parupalli Kashyap showed nerves of steel to notch up a hard-fought three-game victory over seventh seed Vietnamese, Tien Minh Nguyen, to reach the final eight of the China Super Series in Shanghai on Thursday.The world number 23 Indian recovered after dropping a game to see off Tien 12-21, 22-20, 21-14 in an hour and nine minute match in the men's singles competition. He will next take on China's Zhengming Wang in the quarters on Friday.Kashyap, who had beaten Tien in the London Olympics in August, could not get his act right in the opening game and was left doing the catch up job as the World No. 11 Tien closed it comfortably without being threatened much.In the second game too, the Commonwealth Games bronze medallist was lagging 1-5 but he then made a strong come back, reeling off seven straight points to open up a five-point lead over Tien.The Vietnamese caught up at 17-17 and moved to 20-20 but the Indian quickly notched up two points to roar back into the contest.In the decider, Kashyap went into the break at 11-8 after fighting tooth and nail and though Tien stepped up the heat, the Indian kept his nose ahead and eventually cemented his place in the last-eight comfortably.Among other Indians, Indonesian pair of Riky Widianto and Puspita Richi Dili proved too good for the young duo of Pranaav Jerry Chopra and Siki Reddy N, beating them 21-11 21-15 in just 24 minutes.Indian men's doubles pair of Tarun Kona and Arun Vishnu also lost to top seed Mathias Boe and Carsten Mogensen of Denmark 10-21 8-21 in 32 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17221445", "title": "Damu ups ante on state festival status for Dindi", "text": "MARGAO: The demand for according the status of a state festival to Margao's famed Dindi is beginning to gain ground in the state's commercial capital. Leading the brigade voicing the demand is ex-Fatorda MLA Damodar 'Damu' Naik who heads the organizing committee of the festival this year, which marks the 103rd year of its celebrations.Speaking to TOI, Naik said he has already spoken to chief minister Manohar Parrikar in this regard and expressed the hope that the demand would be considered favourably by the government.\"The proposal for granting the status of state festival to Dindi was first put forward by the organizers before Margao MLA Digambar Kamat when he was the chief minister. It's disappointing to note that despite the fact that he hailed from Margao and understood the significance and popularity of the festival, Kamat failed to bestow the rajya utsav (state festival) status to Dindi. I am confident that Parrikar, who is sensitive to the sensibilities of the people, will consider this demand seriously,\" Naik said.Propelling Dindi to the status of a state festival would, besides enjoying state patronage, attract tourists from far and wide to witness the religious event, thereby boosting the local economy, Naik said.\"Declaring Dindi as the state festival would provide the much-needed fillip to the efforts aimed at conserving and promoting the age-old traditions associated with the festival. Sangeet maifals and bhajani baithaks (devotional recitals) are the hallmarks of Dindi,\" Naik added.Dedicated to Shree Vithal Rakhumayi, Dindi has been celebrated in Margao since 1909.This year, the Dindi celebrations will start from November 21 and conclude on November 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17221757", "title": "Over 350 land in hospitals with burns on Diwali night", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than 350 people with burn injuries were brought to the city hospitals on Diwali. While Safdarjung Hospital, which runs Asia's largest burns unit, received 150 patients, approximately 40 patients were taken to Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital and Lok Nayak Hospital each. GTB Hospital in east Delhi received 85 patients, of whom one died, and Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Hospital in west Delhi received about 20 cases.Special teams of doctors and nursing staff worked all night to attend to the patients. \"Injuries to the hand or face are most common. A majority of the victims were children,\" a senior doctor at Safdarjung Hospital said. He said the degree of injury varied from mild to moderate. \"Only five patients required surgery. The rest were discharged after first aid and medication,\" the doctor added.Dr P S Bhandari, senior plastic surgeon at LNJP Hospital, said they got almost twice the number of patients received last year. \"We received 38 patients with burn injuries, up from 15 cases reported previously. An 80-year-old woman who got burnt while lighting a diya received 80% injuries and is critical,\" Bhandari said.A 14-year-old boy died at GTB Hospital due to burn injuries that he sustained while bursting crackers on Diwali, police said.\"Burns usually happen when people try to burst the crackers in their hand or go near the firecrackers accidentally. Anar, bomb and rocket are the most common culprits,\" the doctor said.A recent report on firecracker injuries during Diwali by Safdarjung Hospital, published in the Indian Journal of Plastic Surgery, showed how the cases had gone up despite anti-firecracker campaigns by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17221366", "title": "16 companies get Goa state pollution control board summons", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB), dissatisfied with 16 companies' replies regarding the installation of the continuous stack emission/effluent quality monitoring system and automatic air and water quality stations, directed all of them to be present for a personal hearing.Speaking to TOI, chairman of GSPCB Jose Manuel Noronha said, \"The personal hearings will be held from November 19 to November 23, 2012\".Sixteen industries had been issued show-cause notices for not complying with pollution-monitoring directions advised by the central pollution control board, which were issued as directions by the GSPCB.Noronha said Merck (India) Ltd, in its reply, stated, \"We would like to mention that we are surrounded by other very highly-polluting industries like a cattle feed plant, Goa meat complex, a cement pipe manufacturing plant, a hot mix plant, a stone crusher and cashew shell oil extraction plant. Our factory is also very close to the national highway; further, mineral ore transportation takes place from Usgao village, and ambient air quality is highly impacted from other, such surrounding activities, and will have an effect on the online measurement and monitoring system\".Noronha further said that Sanjivani Sahakari Sakkar Karkhana Limited, a sugar factory, in its reply, said, \"Installing an air monitoring system will require huge financial investment and the factory is running a loss for the last many years, and only after obtaining financial help from Goa government factory will we be able to install the above system\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17221432", "title": "Non-lethal arms yet to reach district police", "text": "KOLKATA: The incident at Tehatta may not have occurred had the West Bengal Police made full use of the equipment in its arsenal.Earlier this year, the state police procured 350 pump-action guns capable of firing rubber pellets and other mob-control equipment, but few have been issued to police stations in the districts. While police officers say that 350 guns may not be sufficient for all the police stations in the state, non-lethal weapons could be distributed sub-division-wise for use when situations demand.\"A few months ago, there was mob violence in Howrah after an accident on National Highway 6. The mob started pelting stones on policemen and also torched a few vehicles. The policemen repulsed the mob by using pump-action guns and there were no major injuries. Unfortunately, not all districts have access to these guns. The guns should be distributed to the districts and placed under the charge of sub-divisional police officers for use when there is mob violence. Even in Tehatta, there was sufficient time for the guns to be brought from the SDPO's office,\" a senior officer of the West Bengal Police said.According to a source, as many as nine people have died in police firing in West Bengal since May, 2011, when the new government came to power. It was the firing on a mob in Nandigram that worked as a catalyst for erosion of the Left's support base across the state and Mamata Banerjee , after taking over as chief minister, had directed the police to maintain restraint when dealing with a mob. In fact, she even instructed the police not to carry guns. This makes little sense though, say police officers. According to them, guns act as the deterrent. The only option is to carry lethal weapons but use non-lethal ones when mob violence escalates.\"As part of the modernization plans of the West Bengal Police, 15 water cannons were procured for Rs 6 crore. In addition to this, 350 pump action guns, 200 Mirchi grenades and several Agni Varsha launchers were purchased. The costs were borne jointly by the Central and state governments. While some guns were distributed to police forces around Kolkata, none reached the districts like Nadia or Birbhum, which are at a distance from the city,\" a police officer confirmed.The pump-action guns are capable of firing cartridges that hold rubber pellets. They are also known as scatter guns and are ideal for mob control. The Mirchi grenades are small bombs packed with chilli powder and are equally effective in controlling a mob. So are the Agni Varsha launchers that can charge four teargas or smoke shells one after the other.The Ordnance Factory Board (OFB) , the sole manufacturers of weapons in the country, confirmed that they supplied pump-action guns - that are incidentally manufactured in the outskirts of Kolkata at Rifle Factory, Ishapore -to the West Bengal governmentas per the guidelines of the Ministry of Home Affairs. To avoid deaths along the Indo-Bangla border, even Border Security Force (BSF) personnel have been issued with the pump-action guns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17231247", "title": "Accused in Dara Singh encounter case found dead", "text": "JAIPUR: An accused in the Dara Singh alleged fake encounter case was found dead in Churu district of Rajasthan on Thursday.\"Prima facie, the man was shot dead. His body was recovered today near Bukhari village located near Churu-Sikar border,\" SP, Churu, Omprakash told PTI.\"His family has identified him as Vijay Chaudhary who was involved in Dara Singh killing case but we are verifying his identity,\" he said.The SP said that CBI, the investigating agency of the case, was being informed by the district police so that his identity could be confirmed.Vijay Kumar , who was involved in liquor business, was absconding and wanted by the CBI in the alleged fake encounter of 2006 in which few police officers, including two IPS officers A Ponnuchamy and AK Jain have been arrested.The CBI also arrested senior BJP politician and MLA Rajendra Rathore in April this year but the lower court discharged him.However, the widow of Dara Singh, a liquor smuggler who was killed in a police encounter in 2006 near here by SOG Rajasthan, approached the high court following which the court directed Rathore to surrender before the CBI but he has got relief from the apex court which has stayed the high court order earlier this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17221168", "title": "Film urges new life for convicts' kids", "text": "The open fields are lovely, lush and green. They remind Afroza Khatun of her home somewhere across the forbidding barbed wires. But there's no longing to go across in the nine-year-old at the centre of Flickering Angels. The documentary, beautifully imagined and visualised with lyrical metaphors by Subhrajit Mitra, comes from Gaurang Films, dedicated producers of children's films like Safed Haathi and Aaj Ka Robinhood.Afroza remembers her father who was no more when her mother crossed over and got arrested. Afroza remembers her mother who died in October 2009, three months after the arrest. Afroza remembers her brother who, being above six, was sent to a children's Home in Balurghat and subsequently repatriated. But Afroza doesn't talk about them. Or of anything. Silenced by the traumas of life, she has become an introverted, listless child with no agility or vibrancy.Afroza is torn between two loyalties. She's growing up in India, getting education here but must soon go back home. She has no dreams or wishes, nor hopes. Without a family, she'll be on the streets - or perhaps trafficked for sex. Insecurity hounds her although the W B Human Rights Commission has awarded a compensation of Rs 1.5 lakh for her mother's death. It will be handed over to her at the time of her repatriation. By then, will she be able to resolve her internal conflict - and smile?There are other girls like Afroza in Dayabari, a rehabilitation home in Ranaghat run by Sisters of Charity. The four Khatun sisters, for instance, aged between nine and five. Their parents, Saidul and Rashida were arrested in a child kidnapping case. Their grandma turned them into beggars. The mother asked B D Sharma, now Addl DG (East), BSF, to send the daughters to Dayabari. With care, and education, the eldest one now dreams of becoming a teacher. Another girl wants to be a nurse.Trafficking is a major problem on the highly porous, and largely riverine, Bangladesh border. Many enter illegally in quest of a brighter future. Some petty thieves hope to round off cattle and return overnight. When they're apprehended, their children are condemned too. And they're not alone. Children of Indian convicts or undertrials too face the same embarrassment, humiliation, bullying. \"Indian law doesn't discriminate between children of convicts and of others,\" says retired Supreme Court justice Ashok Kumar Ganguly. But society does.\"Jail inmates are most worried about their families - children in particular,\" says Ranvir Kumar, now in charge, Prisons. Who will take care of their food, dress, leisure? But being in jail with convicts can scar the kids for life, says psychiatrist Sabyasachi Mitra. For, they're without an identity save that of the parents stamped as criminals.Believing that positive input in a child can yield positive output in future, B D Sharma has embarked on a new mission. After his tireless work in culture therapy - with Alokananda Roy - at Alipore Correctional Home, he is now striving to provide Afroza with a 'Dayabari' in her own country. During recent talks between BSF and Border Guard Bangladesh, he urged his counterpart to ensure \"education upto graduation\" when repatriation comes.Perhaps then Afroza will smile. So will friendship, understanding and humanism - across barbed wires.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17221420", "title": "'Mamata Banerjee should allow civil society to grow'", "text": "KOLKATA: Though it is too early to comment on how successfully Mamata Banerjee is running the state, she cannot be rated too highly when it comes to allowing civil society to grow. Historian Ramachandra Guha said this as part of a communique he shared with the Indian Institute of Management (IIM), Calcutta community on Wednesday. IIMC has turned 50 and Wednesday marked the end of the golden jubilee celebrations.Guha said that no state can develop unless civil society is given a chance to speak and in the case of Bengal he has noticed that this voice was being suppressed with a heavy hand unless it spoke in her favour.\"States like Kerala and Maharashtra have grown because of their vibrant civil society, which took the cudgels up for the common man. It seems that Mamata does not want that kind of a civil society. It is unfortunate that Bengal's long experience with the Left Front was similar and civil society was not allowed to lead opinions. That tradition continues,\" Guha said.While elucidating the point that he had made in a recent editorial, he said that Bangladesh was growing at a faster pace compared to Bengal. Guha was at IIMC on Wednesday to receive the distinguished alumnus award from IIMC chairman Ajit Balakrishnan .Guha advised Mamata to move away from her current attitude. \"Why should you have a stand like your party knows it all or that Writer's Buildings is always right and no one should dare to challenge them!\" he criticised. Speaking to reporters later, he further said that Mamata's image has changed since the time she became the chief minister of Bengal.\"Is she the endeared Didi any more? Today she is the leader, who is not as accessible as her earlier self. I am given to believe that she single handedly runs her party and takes all its decisions. Is it any different from what Sonia Gandhi or Jayalalitha is? You tend to criticise dy nasty-driven politics at the Centre, I tend to feel that Mamata's style of working is similar!\"He enumerated six deep crises that still bog the country - religious unrest, secessionist movements in Manipur, Nagaland and Kashmir, instability in Pakistan , Maoist insurgency, political corruption that bogs all major parties like the Congress, the DMK and the Samajwadi Party and finally environmental degradation. These he enumerated to be India's major fault lines that needed immediate healing.A 32-minute film on the institute, directed by Goutam Ghose, was shown as part of the closing ceremony. It captured the journey of the institute from its inception in 1961 from the Emerald Bower campus on BT Road to the present times. A book - 'Citizens and Revolutionaries' - on the institute's oral history was also released to commemorate the occasion.Guha spoke on India's internal fault lines - a fatal blow to global ambitions, where he tried to prove that though there is a lot of euphoria about India becoming the next super power, the country is riddled with problems, which need to be resolved internally first before the country aims at a quantum leap in the global scenario. Guha is a social historian and so throughout his extremely gripping speech, he tried to trace these fault lines to the country's political history since Independence.\"India is the most reckless political experiment in human history, considering its size and diversity. It negates the European definition of nation-states where you have a single religion, language and enemy. However, it still succeeded because leaders like Gandhi, Nehru, Patel and BR Ambedkar understood that the Dalit, who were socially boycotted, had to be included in the country's daily developments,\" Guha reasoned.He enumerated six deep crises that still bog the country - religious unrest, secessionist movements in Manipur, Nagaland and Kashmir, instability in Pakistan, Maoist insurgency, political corruption that bogs all major parties like the Congress, the DMK and the Samajwadi Party and finally environmental degradation. These he enumerated to be India's major fault lines that needed immediate healing.Guha spoke at length about the Maoist problem and said what was true of the Dalits after India won Independence is true of the tribal population of the country and the Maoist problem is a direct fallout. States like Andhra Pradesh , MP, Bengal and Maharashtra have been deeply hit because of this problem. \"About 8% of our population is tribal who have a right to the natural resources of the region of which they are the original inhabitants. Today energy and mining projects are taking away their sources of livelihood without adequately rehabilitating them,\" Guha criticised.A 32-minute film on the institute, directed by Goutam Ghosh, was shown as part of the closing ceremony. It captured the journey of the institute from its inception in 1961 from the Emerald Bower campus on BT Road to the present times. A book - 'Citizens and Revolutionaries' - on the institute's oral history was also released to commemorate the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17222501", "title": "Man stabbed by pillion rider", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 35-year-old painter was stabbed by miscreants at Attapur on Wednesday. Police immediately rushed him to a hospital in Nampally. He was discharged after being treated and his condition is said to be stable.The victim was identified as Mohammed Abdul Khaleel, resident of Golconda. The assault occurred at 1.30 am while Khaleel was returning home on his two wheeler after attending a function at Savera function hall in Kamatipura. While returning home, Khaleel gave lift to an unidentified person at Kishanguda.After the bike reached pillar number 161 of PVNR Expressway at Attapur, the pillion rider asked Khaleel to stop the bike. \"As soon as Khaleel stopped the bike, two persons standing there pounced on Khaleel. The pillion rider joined them and the trio assaulted Khaleel with a knife before escaping from the spot,\" a Cyberabad police official said. Alerted by locals, police rushed to the spot and shifted the victim to a corporate hospital in Nampally.Khaleel suffered a minor stab wound in his stomach and police said that he was discharged after being treated at the hospital.Based on the complaint lodged by Khaleel, Rajendranagar police booked cases under sections 295-A (Deliberate and malicious acts, intended to outrage religious feelings or any class by insulting its religion or religious beliefs), 324 (voluntarily causing hurt with dangerous weapons or means) and 341 (punishment for wrongful restraint) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17221952", "title": "Children\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Day observed in Kozhikode", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Various programmes, including a colourful rally, a film festival and a book release function, marked Children's Day celebrations in the city.The Regional Science Centre and Planatarium, in association with the corporation, took out the Children's Day rally in which hundreds of children took part wearing various attires.Eight-day children's film fest was inaugurated at the Kairali theatre.Children films will be screened in three theatres and 100 schools in the district.District collector released the book 'Nehru Anusmarana Prabhashanam' as part of Children's Day observance of Poorna Publications, Alakapuri. Writer P R Nathan presided over the function.A book 'Jeevitha Vijaya Kala' by G S Pradeep was released by M P Veerendrakumar during the Children's Day programmes of Mathrubhumi books and Balabhumi, at Nalanda auditorium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17226122", "title": "Kaatu Poochi is NASA now", "text": "Santhanam is playing a funny scientist, whose name is NASA, in the fast shaping up 'Tamilselvanum Thaniyar Anjalum', which has Jai in the lead.The movie directed by Premsai is a rom-com and portions involving Santhanam promises to be a laugh riot and adding more to the flavour is VTV Ganesh.VTV Ganesh is said to be playing an Assistant commissioner in the police department. His character's name is Sakthivel.Produced by Gautham Vasudev Menon, the film has Yami Gautham as the leading lady. It is simultaneously being made in Telugu, under the titled ' Courier Boy Kalyan '.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17221462", "title": "Iraqi film brings to life the struggle of Kurds", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17223157", "title": "Aryabhatta Knowledge University vice-chancellor seeks security on campus", "text": "PATNA: Patna-headquartered Aryabhatta Knowledge University (AKU) has sent an SOS to the Patna district administration, requesting it to take necessary measures for ensuring the safety of its staff on the campus as the university administration is finding it difficult to handle the mob of agitating engineering and medical students which often \"invades\" the campus to press for their reasonable or unreasonable demands.AKU vice-chancellor S N Guha met Patna senior superintendent of police and other officials and requested them to deploy adequate policemen on the campus. A group of agitating engineering students recently ransacked the Muzaffarpur Institute of Technology campus and they may attack the AKU campus any day, he feared.The VC pointed out even though the university has over 10,000 engineering and medical students and has under its jurisdiction 13 government medical and engineering colleges, 11 private engineering colleges, one nursing institute and radiotherapy department of Mahavir Cancer Sansthan, it does not have a security cover on its campus.Referring to the demands of the agitating students, Guha told TOI on Wednesday some of their demands were reasonable. Most technical institutions in the state are facing shortage of teaching staff and lack even minimum basic infrastructure. As their courses of studies are not completed, the students fail to secure good marks in university examinations. And if they are not promoted to the next semester, they resort to agitations, he said.The university itself is plagued with shortage of staff. It has been managing its affairs with the help of only three regular officials, including the VC, registrar and finance officer. Besides, there are 13 officials and employees appointed on ad hoc basis. With the help of this skeleton staff, the university has conducted engineering and medical examinations and published the results in record time, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17227328", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan the biggest crowdpuller at KIFF", "text": "Megastar Amitabh Bachchan, who had mesmerised Kolkatans with his Bengali at the inauguration of the Kolkata International Film Festival (KIFF) last week, continues to be its biggest crowd puller.A select bouquet of seven of his most memorable films are being screened at the eight-day festival which ends on Saturday. Officials said all the shows are going houseful with tickets being sold out days in advance.26-year-old techie Goutam Basak, who stood in a queue at the state-run auditorium Nandan to buy tickets of the Yash Chopra directed 1975 classic film 'Deewar' said it is probably the only time he will get to watch his favourite film on the big screen.\"The new releases can be seen in theatres but not the old ones. This was a golden opportunity for me to watch it on the big screen rather than on DVD,\" he said.Right from the 1969 film 'Saat Hindustani', one of Bachchan's earliest films, to more recent hits like ' Black' and 'Chini Kum', are being shown. Others include Hrishikesh Mukherjee directed 'Abhimaan' and Sudhendu Roy's 1973 film 'Saudagar'.Fondly called 'Babu Moshai', as his character was called by Rajesh Khanna in 'Anand', Bachchan had struck a chord with the city while inaugurating KIFF last Saturday.He had begun his speech by saying \" Ami Banglay bolchi asa kori apni bhujte parben (I am speaking in Bengali. Hope you will understand)\" amidst loud applause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17220899", "title": "Indian government asks Britain to deport Lalit Modi", "text": "LONDON: The Indian government has asked Britain to deport Lalit Modi , the sacked commissioner of the Indian Premier League. This was confirmed by a senior diplomatic source.The source said the Indian high commission had, in a note verbal to the British foreign office, pointed out that Modi's Indian passport \"had been impounded\" and that he is \"wanted in India for questioning and appearances related to charges and court cases against him.\"The UK's response in the matter is awaited. Modi, however, is unlikely to surrender without resistance and will most probably contest any extradition order. His plea will be he is prepared to be interrogated either in London or via a video link.Modi is reportedly in the UK and Europe ever since he left India after the third edition of IPL. He is suspected of embezzling $80 million from a TV deal, among other alleged wrong doings. He denies the allegations.In a recent statement, Modi made a veiled threat that any decision taken by the IPL was the collective responsibility of members of the governing council and not his own alone.In other words, he could implicate his erstwhile colleagues if prosecuted for any offence.Modi fled from India in 2010 on grounds that his life was threatened. The British police, though, categorically told TOI they did not perceive any threat to him; and no protection was ever requested by him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "17227713", "title": "Pakistani soldier hanged for murdering colleague; first in four years", "text": "LAHORE: A Pakistani soldier sentenced to death for murdering a colleague was hanged in a jail in Punjab province today, becoming the first person to be executed since the PPP-led government imposed an informal moratorium on executions over four years ago.Muhammad Hussain was hanged in Mianwali Jail at 6.30 am, officials said.A resident of Sahiwal area of Sargodha district, Hussain was sentenced to death in 2009 for killing Havaldar Khadim Hussain in 2008.Hussain was executed after the formal issuance of a death warrant.Senior jail and army officials and a doctor gathered at the jail at 5.30 am to complete legal formalities so that the execution could be carried out before sunrise.An executioner was sent from Lahore's Kot Lakhpat Jail for the hanging.Hussain's body was handed over to his relatives. He was hanged after all his appeals for mercy were rejected.He was tried by a military court in Okara cantonment that sentenced him to death in February 2009.Mercy petitions sent by Hussain to army chief Gen Ashfaq Parvez Kayani and President Asif Ali Zardari were rejected, police officials said.The PPP has imposed an unofficial moratorium on executions shortly after it came to power in early 2008.Among those who benefited from the moratorium is Indian death row prisoner Sarabjit Singh , who was convicted for alleged involvement in a string of bomb attacks in 1990.Media reports said the presidency issues a letter every three months staying all executions in the country's four provinces.The provincial home departments then issue instructions to chiefs of prisons department not to carry out executions.Legal experts said the PPP-led government had apparently not intervened in Hussain's case because he was sentenced by a military court.According to the NGO Human Rights Commission of Pakistan, over 8,000 people are currently on death row in the country's prisons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17222654", "title": "Loud &amp; clear message from kids: No firecrackers this Diwali", "text": "BHOPAL: With pollution becoming a synonym for Diwali, these children are celebrating the festival of lights in an eco-friendly way. They have not only abstained from bursting crackers but have stepped forward to impress on others to do the same.\"We have to save the environment from dark clouds of smoke emitted by the burning of crackers. It has been two years since I pledged to say no to crackers,\" said Ashi Singh, class VIII student of school World Way International School.Her friends, including tiny toddlers going to pre-school to senior secondary students, all dressed in best togs yet without the firecrackers their spirit of festivities went on, unhindered. \"We organized a series of competitions amongst ourselves around Diwali. Like fun games, lightning diyas, candles and making colourful decorative rangolis,\" she said.Pihu Agarwal, a Class IX student, loves bursting crackers. But this year, Ashi impressed upon her not to pollute the environment. \"My classmate was not be able to breathe healthy air and fell sick a day before Diwali. So, I asked my parents not to buy any crackers. I will only light candles,\" she said.A resident of the same colony, social activist Ashish Bharadwaj said, \"We are amazed that without much persuasion, these children decided to keep crackers off. Hope their sensibility spreads the message to others.\" The festival of lights lives on among these kids with devotion, enthusiasm and excitement minus the firecracker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17221923", "title": "Stockguru scam: Raksha\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s college mates, ex-boss shocked by arrest", "text": "MYSORE: The arrest of Raksha J Urs, who studied and worked for a brief period in Mysore, has shocked her college mates and her first employer. Raksha was arrested in connection with economic offences across India, along with her husband and partner in crime, Ulhas Prabhakar Khaire.Raksha lost her father at a young age and was brought up by her mother, Maya, who ran a canteen at a college in Mysore for a few years. Soon after her schooling, she joined Chamarajendra Academy of Visual Arts (CAVA) in 1998, but discontinued studies to support her family.She worked as an anchor for a city-based firm involved in event management, promotions and entertainment, for about two-and-a-half years in the early 2000s. She then disappeared and resurfaced only after her arrest on Tuesday.Raksha's senior has expressed shock on a social networking site, saying: \"Ooops! I never imagined she would be involved in such a big scam! I am still unable to digest it and I believe she may have supported her husband in the crime out of fear...\"Raksha Urs was a 'crybaby', if her college mates at CAVA are to be believed. \"She couldn't just stop crying if she felt sad, or if someone teased her,\" claims her junior, who didn't want to be named. However, she was not a bright student and didn't show much interest in studies, which could be due to family problems.\"I don't know much about her family history, but she was living with her mother who ran a food business. I visited her house twice when they lived in Paduvarahalli, off the Mysore-Hunsur road near the University of Mysore campus, during my college days. We were regular visitors to Modern Cafe and Kamadhenu hotel nearby. She left college in the middle of the five-year course. After that, I lost touch with her and tried to trace her on Facebook, but to no avail,\" recalled her junior, who passed out in 2004.One classmate claimed that Raksha was dependent on her college mates for financial assistance. She was active in cultural activities too. Raksha joined a business firm to support the family and thereafter, she disappeared. \"I was amazed to see her on the news on Tuesday,\" said her former employer. \"Raksha worked for our firm as anchor on an event-to-event basis for about two years, some 10 years ago. Then she moved on,\" he said.When contacted, members of some Urs families in Mysore said they didn't remember any such family in their circle, and were clueless about Raksha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "behrampore", "code": "17221501", "title": "Rebel Congress MLA to join Trinamool", "text": "BEHRAMPORE: Dissent and desertion have eaten into Adhir Chowdhury's Congress in Murshidabad when he needed the partymen around him to take on Mamata Banerjee. Rebel Congress MLA from Reginagar and a former Adhir loyalist Humayun Kabir has announced to dump the Congress and embrace Adhir's arch-rival Trinamool Congress.\"I will resign from all the four Congress posts on November 16 with my followers after a meeting at Shaktipur. I will also put in my papers as an MLA because it was our dada's (Adhir Chowdhury) gift to me and join Trinamool on November 20. I can't bear the backbiting from within the district Congress anymore. I have already got in touch with chief minister Mamata Banerjee and held talks with the party's all India general secretary Mukul Roy. I realised that I am no longer important to Adhir Chowdhury who is desperate to throw me out of the party. But I am not like my predecessors who waited till the end to be kicked out.\"Humayun's hint was at some of Adhir loyalist Congress leaders and former 'core committee members of Behrampore' - Satyen Chowdhury, Kanai Roy and Niamot Sheikh - who were shown the door after Adhir got re-elected as MP in 2004. \"I do not know what happened to dada. But he didn't get time to talk with me after he became the Union minister of state for railways. Instead, he targetted me three days after becoming a minister, though I have six cases on me while carrying dada's orders, in a bid to strengthen the party,\" the rebel Congress MLA said. He also said made a point that he had no murder charges against him with a tacit hint that Chowdhury has it.Humayun's dissent came handy to the Trinamool Congress that dubbed the development as a fallout of Adhir's anti-minority stance. Trinamool leaders narrated how Adhir removed Akbar Kabir from the post of Behrampore municipality chairman in 2002 and then expelled former MLA Niamot Sheikh for keeping in touch with Akbar Kabir. This is not all.The leaders also pointed to Adhir's showing the door to zilla parishad karmadhyakshya Sanwar Sheikh in 2007 and complaining making a complaint against Congress sabhadhipati Siddika Begum to former panchayat minister Surya Kanta Mishra. In 2011, Siddika and members of Congress-run Murshidabad zilla parishad Bani Israel and Ismatara Begum joined Trinamool. To make things worse forAdhir's MPLAD representative and district general secretary Afzal Hossein Khan has also joined Trinamool.Siddika Begum, now Trinamool district vice-president, said: \"It is clear that Adhir Chowdhury cannot tolerate party leaders from the minority community. He has failed to substantiate the corruption charge he brought against Akbar Kabir. Adhir is working hand in glove with the CPM.\"Adhir parried questions on Humayun Kabir when he came to Murshidabad as Union minister of state four days ago. He asked the media to get in touch with district Congress spokesperson leader Ashoke Das. Sensing the mood, Das delegated his responsibility to another general secretary, Mahfuj Alam. \"Humayun gained much from the Congress. If you take a bucket of water from the sea, the sea doesn't dry up,\" Alam said.Humayun lodged a complaint against Monaim Sheikh, Adhir loyalist of Kapasdanga, who had threatened to kill him if Kabir quit to join Trinamool. Murshidabad SP Humayun Kabir has already started probing the rebel MLA's complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17222157", "title": "Firecrackers kill 14-year-old in northeast Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: All the preparations for a safe Diwali by the fire department failed to save the life of a 14-year-old from Nand Nagri who died after receiving 80% burns while bursting firecrackers on Tuesday.The accident took place about 6.55pm in northeast Delhi. Diwakar was rushed to Guru Tegh Bahadur Hospital where he died in the early hours of Wednesday morning. \"His was the only serious case referred to the burns ward. All others were treated in the casualty section,\" a hospital staffer said.In another incident, a woman was injured while lighting diyas at her home in Sector 5 in Rohini, north Delhi. She was taken to a nearby hospital with 80% burns where she is stated to be critical, a fire brigade officer said. Two fire tenders went to the spot to douse the fire, he added.This Diwali, more than 1,700 firefighters were on the streets for over 36 hours operating out of their 55 permanent bases and 24 temporary ones. The number of fire calls received till Diwali midnight is 184, a drop from the 206 recorded last year. This year, though, the fire brigade continued getting calls through the night. A total of 66 calls were received between midnight and 7 in the morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17221521", "title": "Gurgaon civic body gears up to seal illegal phone towers, writes to town and country planning department", "text": "GURGAON: The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon is in the process of seeking permission from the state authorities to seal the illegal mobile phone towers in the city.A few months ago, the mayor had raised the issue of sealing these towers as, according to him, they pose a health hazard to those living in the vicinity of these towers.The MCG officials had written a letter to the directorate of town and country planning department to seek clarification from it on how to go about sealing these towers and there are many such that are installed outside the municipal corporation jurisdiction.In response to this letter, the department of town and country planning wrote back to the municipal commissioner that action can be taken according to the provisions given in the Municipal Corporation Act, 1994. The letter, a copy of which is with TOI, says that the rules under Section 23 of the Punjab Scheduled Roads and Controlled Areas Restriction of Unregulated Development Act, 1963 should be adhered to.The MCG commissioner said that he has already issued orders to seal the towers that are under the corporation area. \"As per the survey we have carried out, there are around 320 towers in the MCG area and about 96 in the private developer area. We are further studying the Supreme Court order regarding mobile towers and we will take further action in the days to come. I think action against the towers that are in areas outside the MCG limits would be taken by the respective agency,\" said Sudhir Rajpal, commissioner, MCG.The mayor has stated in the House meeting that most of the towers in the city are illegal and pose a health hazard resulting in lethal diseases like cancer. He had directed the MCG authorities to seal all the illegal towers immediately and shift them away from residential areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17222482", "title": "Copper wire thieves bug BSNL", "text": "HYDERABAD: The rising price of copper has several organized gangs going after the metal. In the last few months, BSNL has seen its telephone and internet services frequently getting affected in several parts of Hyderabad and Cyberabad due to the increasing theft of copper from the underground cables laid by the public sector telephone company.The Begumpet police said a few days ago, thieves had dug up the road and removed the BSNL cables near Patny Centre with an obvious intention to sell the wire. In view of the theft, BSNL services were affected in several parts of Secunderabad for a few days and the service provider was flooded with complaints of telephones going dead and net service not being available. Investigations revealed that the miscreants had cut and took away about 40 metres of the underground cable between Patny Centre and Jubilee Bus Station. Apparently, they carried out the heist by posing as BSNL staff undertaking repair work of the cables during the night.\"With the increase in copper prices, several gangs in the city have taken to snapping the cables with the intention of stealing the copper wires. These gangs also have women as its members,'' the Cyberabad police said. According to them, a 10-member gang from Srikakulam district is in their custody and that their formal arrest is likely on Thursday.BSNL Secunderabad area manager M Arvind Kumar said the repair work of the underground cables at Patny Centre had been more or less fixed and most of the affected services restored. \"The scale of damage to the customers was huge. We have lodged a complaint with the police and some of the stolen property has been recovered. This is not the first incident of its kind. Similar incidents have been taking place in other parts of the city too,'' BSNL officials said.After stealing the cables, the culprits would set them ablaze and later take the copper wires bunched in it and sell them in the grey market. During investigation by the police, an organised gang was nabbed in Ghatkesar and it was revealed that similar gangs are still at large. Incidentally, for those using underground copper wires including BSNL, other telephone service providers and cable operators, even if the stolen property is recovered, it is of little use since it cannot be reused. It is learnt that in the last few days, CCTV cameras of Hyderabad police at a few traffic junctions in Secunderabad stopped functioning because of the theft of the cables.Few months ago, interstate gangs had targeted several industries in Cyberabad and Medak distirct and had stolen huge quantity of copper wires worth several crores. The industrialists had to repeatedly knock the doors of Cyberabad police to contain the menace. But with the demand for copper still being very high (copper is going for over Rs 400 a kg), the gangs have resorted to striking at the underground cables for the copper wires.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17230767", "title": "Lance Klusener calls for consistency", "text": "MUMBAI: Sunfoil Dolphins coach Lance Klusener has admitted to relief after his side's first Momentum One-Day Cup victory of the season and has challenged his players to maintain their performance levels when they face up to the Nashua Titans on Friday.The two sides meet in a second versus third clash at Sahara Stadium Kingsmead in Durban - the home side jumped from bottom of the log to third with a convincing 128-run win over the Chevrolet Knights in Bloemfontein on Wednesday.\"I think we were due for a performance,\" Klusener said on Thursday. \"So yes (it was a relief for the players). We have been working exceptionally hard and we do feel like we've been letting ourselves down.\"It was nice to get on the board and the challenge now is to put a performance like this on the table week in and week out.\"Victory was the first across all competitions this season, although inclement weather had played a role in all the others. They have so far lost their Momentum One-Day Cup matches to the Nashua Mobile Cape Cobras and the bizhub Higveld Lions, while having their home match against the Chevrolet Warriors washed out.Klusener feels the biggest challenge now will be for his players to start becoming more consistent. \"We haven't really put it all together,\" he said. \"If you put the batting, which was good last night, with a reasonably good bowling performance like we did, then you get those results.\"We've been mixing good batting with poor bowling and vice versa, which makes it impossible to win.\"Despite climbing to third, Klusener admitted it was still early days in the competition. \"I think the log will only start to take shape after about seven or eight games, as we get towards the end. \"As good as we were last night, we need to be a lot more consistent.\"As for the Nashua Titans, the Sunfoil Dolphins coach added: \"They're a really good team, like all the other sides are in this competition. There are no easy games and we'll have to play well again.\"On the other hand, visiting coach Matthew Maynard has watched his side storm back after they were annihilated by the bizhub Highveld Lions in their opening game, a result that came on the back of their Champions League Twenty20 exit. Successive wins since over the Cobras and Knights have lifted them to second, although they trail runaway leaders Lions by a massive 10 points.\"To lose the semi-final of the Champions League off the last ball of the game took a lot out of the players,\" Maynard said. \"I don't think we recovered in time for that first game against the Lions, but since then the guys have responded fantastically.\"Maynard said he was pleased with the way thing were coming together for his charges. \"Our batting looks very solid and so does our spin department,\" he added. \"We still got a bit of work to do with our seamers, but that's an ongoing process.\"We'll be looking to maintain our form after those two wins.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17221174", "title": "Party on Bhai Phonta with the Irrawaddy hilsa", "text": "KOLKATA: Fresh hilsa from Myanmar is set to hit the markets on Bhai Phonta morning with 500 kg being flown into the city by a Thai Airways flight in the early hours of Wednesday.The decision to import hilsa by air was taken at a meeting between importers, Customs, Food Safety Standard Authority of India (FSSAI) and animal quarantine department of Airports Authority of India a month ago. Fisheries minister Subrata Saha had chaired the meeting.Though the Irrawaddy hilsa that has a pink hue (the Kolaghat and Padma variety is shiny silver) has been imported earlier, it was primarily shipped in frozen form unlike Wednesday's consignment that is fresh. This is only the second instance of hilsa arriving in Kolkata by air. The earlier consignment, imported a fortnight ago, had gone bad due to delay in clearance.\"We are delighted to import the consignment of fresh hilsa on the eve of Bhai Phonta. The fish had almost disappeared from the platter as local catch is extremely low and the ban on hilsa export from Bangladesh continues. The catch in Gujarat has also declined drastically,\" said Fish Importers' Association secretary Syed Anwar Maqsood.The 'freshness' of the fish will come at a premium, not only because demand for the limited stock will be high but because the transportation cost by air is several times higher than sea. While the sea freight for shipment of fish is 10-15 cents per kg, the air freight is a steep $3 per kg. In addition, the import draws 33% duty unlike fish imports from Bangladesh that are duty-free.\"We expect the wholesale price to hover around Rs 800-900 per kg. That means, it will easily be around Rs 1,100-1,200 per kg at retail markets,\" he said.The decision to import hilsa from Myanmar was taken after chief minister Mamata Banerjee wrote to the Centre, seeking clearance for the import. The Union commerce ministry got back, stating that no permission was required as import of hilsa and other fish enjoys concessional rate of duty under India-Asean free trade agreement.Union commerce minister Anand Sharma had also stated in a letter to the state government that fish traders from Bengal should be encouraged to import hilsa from Myanmar and he asked to be informed if the importers faced any difficulty in this regard. While fish consignments that reach the port generally get stuck in tests by FSSAI that take anywhere between 10-15 days, FSSAI issued a provisional NOC for the hilsa consignment to ensure that Bengal's craving for the fish did not get snared in bureaucratic red tape.Maqsood said the import of hilsa by air had paved the way for future import of other fish varieties in small quantities from Vietnam , Thailand, Pakistan and other countries. \"Already, rohu catch is on the decline in Andhra Pradesh. In Thailand, the fish is available at $1/kg. If we negotiate lower duties, it will become viable to import rohu from the country,\" said Maqsood, adding that both fisheries minister Saha and Customs commissioner Gurdeep Singh had been instrumental in making the imports happen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mick jagger cracked a joke about former cia director david petraeus' affair with his biographer paula broadwell at the premiere of rolling stones' 50th anniversary documentary film 'the rolling stones", "code": "17226847", "title": "Mick Jagger jokes about Petraeus' sex scandal", "text": "Mick Jagger cracked a joke about former CIA director David Petraeus' affair with his biographer Paula Broadwell at the premiere of Rolling Stones' 50th anniversary documentary film 'The Rolling Stones: Crossfire Hurricane,' at the Ziegfeld Theatre.\"There's a lot of change in America since we first came here,\" the New York Post quoted him as saying.\"This film . . . takes you back to a younger, perhaps gentler, America. An America where only IBM and the military had computers.\"Where there [were] no smart phones . . . no e-mails. And a simpler America, where we didn't read other people's e-mails, so we didn't know four-star generals were having affairs,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17220850", "title": "Call-up reward for hard work, says Ashok Dinda", "text": "KOLKATA: A morose Ashok Dinda had already boarded the aircraft in Chandigarh on Tuesday, and was hoping to spend the Diwali in Kolkata after Bengal's humiliating loss to Punjab in the Ranji Trophy at Mohali.But before he switched off his mobile phone prior to the take off, he received a text message from a top CAB official that brought a smile on his face.It was actually an SOS from the BCCI , asking him to join the Indian squad in Ahmedabad for the first Test against England as a cover for Ishant Sharma who had been laid low by a viral infection.Poor Dinda had no time to even unpack or celebrate.\"I had no time to celebrate. I got the message just before my flight from Mohali to Kolkata took off. All my Bengal teammates congratulated me on the flight,\" Dinda told TOI.The pacer will be joining the Indian squad in Ahmedabad on Wednesday morning. \"I am yet to inform my parents who are at my native place now,\" said Dinda, who lives in the city on his own.It was not clear to Dinda whether Ishant had been ruled out of the Test that gets under way at the Motera on Thursday. The selectors clearly did not want to take any chances and decided to summon Dinda.The 28-year-old sees this as a reward for his hard work. \"I will not term this as a Diwali gift, rather it's a reward for my hard work,\" he said.The pacer was the highest wicket-taker in domestic season last season and his seven-wicket haul in the Duleep Trophy semifinal against South Zone last month pushed his case for selection in the Test squad.But when his name did not figure in the list of 15 players chosen by the selectors for the first two Tests against England, Dinda was a touch disappointed.\"Every cricketer dreams of a Test cap and I am no different,\" he said. Although the team management is still optimistic that Ishant will be fit for the Test match, Dinda said he will be up for the challenge if he has to take the field on Thursday morning.\"Being a professional cricketer, I have to be ready for every situation,\" Dinda said confidently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17222556", "title": "No major fire mishaps this Diwali in Chennai", "text": "COIMBATORE: The festival of lights more or less remained incident free in the city and suburbs this year. However, the noise pollution levels especially in the residential areas exceeded the permissible limit of 50 decibels. While residential areas recorded 66.5 decibel, the commercial areas in the city recorded 73.7 decibel.Meanwhile, the fire and rescue services men remained on their toes after they received 23 fire emergency calls out of which 19 were due to careless handling of fireworks; fortunately, all of them were minor without any major loss to life and property. Though there was an increase in the total number of fire emergency calls compared to 2011.\"Our rescue personnel were in full attendance at the fire stations on the day of Diwali and all the fire emergencies we attended were minor and immediately brought under control. Though we attended more calls this year when compared to last year,\" said N Balasubramanian, divisional fire officer, Coimbatore.Out of 19 calls attended on Wednesday, 7 calls were from Coimbatore north fire station and 5 were from Coimbatore south fire station. Firemen from Pollachi unit also responded to 7 fire emergency calls on the festival day. The total loss estimated is Rs 25,000, said the fire department. Two sheds, one in Kalingarayan Street, Pollachi and Saibaba Colony in KK Pudur were also partially gutted after wayward rockets fell on them on Wednesday. As many as 200 fire service personnel were on duty in the city on Wednesday to avert any major fire mishap.\"As a result of awareness campaigns at public places and educational institutions ahead of Diwali helped us to keep fire accidents under check. The remaining four fire distress calls were also minor incidents and our men brought them under control soon,\" Subramanian added.The noise pollution levels were measured at two stations installed in residential areas of Ponniahrajapuram and at the commercial area near Saibaba Koil signal on Mettupalayam road. The officials recorded two sets of readings one on November 6, 2012 ahead of Diwali and another on November 13 on the day of Diwali. An increase of 10 decibels were recorded in residential areas as the initial reading was 66.5 dB(A) and on Diwali, the reading was 76.5 dB(A). The officials also claimed that there was no significant rise in the decibel level in commercial areas which was recorded as 73.7 dB(A). However, the prescribed normal level is 50 dB(A) in residential areas and 60 dB(A) in commercial areas.\"The residential areas witnessed an increase in the noise pollution level but there was no such variation in commercial areas this year,\" said PV Marimuthu, deputy director, labs, Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board, Chennai.Coimbatore Medical College Hospital also had a stress free Diwali on Wednesday because there was only one fire burn case brought to the hospital caused due to careless handling of firecrackers on Diwali.\"Unlike other Diwalis, this year was stress-free for our staff as we did not receive as many burn injury cases,\" said P Sivaprakasam, resident medical officer, CMCH.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17222418", "title": "Adopt view favourable to accused, says HC", "text": "NAGPUR: Laying down that a dying declaration can't be the sole criteria for conviction, the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court has made a significant observation that in case of two contrasting views, one favourable to accused should be adopted to prevent injustice.\"The criminal court has to bear in mind that if two views are possible upon the evidence led - one pointing towards the guilt of the accused while towards his innocence - then the one favourable to the accused should be adopted to prevent miscarriage of justice which can result by conviction of an innocent,\" a division bench comprising justices Pratap Hardas and Ashok Bhangale stated.The court acquitted an Amravati-based woman who was accused of murdering another woman by setting her on fire over a quarrel. The ad hoc additional judge in Amravati had convicted Shantabai on October 14 last year for setting on fire Kantabai by pouring kerosene on her which resulted in her death. On basis of deceased's dying declaration, Shantabai was convicted and sentenced to lifer.She then challenged the verdict in the high court through her counsel Rajendra Daga. She took the defence of false implication and contended that the trial court had erred on relying solely on the declaration with no witness or other evidence to corroborate the same. The dying declaration was recorded at 8.15pm whereas the incident occurred at 2pm, indicating a huge time gap between the two.Shantabai further pointed that the time lapse gives scope for \"tutoring, prompting and imagination\". She argued that the dying declaration was narrated and hence it can't be said that the declaration was \"truthful, voluntary and reliable\".The division bench agreed that there is no witness or evidence to show malicious motive on the Shantabai's part. Until and unless the dying declaration is truthful and voluntary and not tutored or doctored, conviction solely on that basis is not possible, it said.\"It is a well settled legal position that in order to record conviction on the basis of dying declaration, it must be established as true, reliable and voluntary after due scrutiny of the evidence. The court must be satisfied that the deceased was in a fit mental state to make the declaration and must ensure that the dying declaration was not the result of tutoring, prompting or imagination,\" the judges remarked.\"In the cases of circumstantial evidence, motive is very important unlike cases of direct evidence, where it is not so. We find that there was no convincing evidence to impute criminal liability positively to the accused in the absence of wholly reliable and acceptable evidence. The accused is, therefore, entitled to the benefit of doubt,\" the court said before quashing Shantabai's lifer and ordering her release.(With inputs from Lakshmi Dwivedi; names changed to protect identity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17227157", "title": "Stand-bye for a day, it's back to Ranji Trophy for Dinda", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bengal speedster Ashok Dinda is all set to be released by the Indian team management so that he can join his state team for the third round Ranji Trophy encounter against Gujarat starting from November 17 at Eden Gardens.After Ishant Sharma was diagnosed with viral fever, the BCCI had announced Dinda's name as stand-bye. He joined the squad as Ishant's stand-bye on SOS basis.Dinda was in Chandigarh when he got a call of his selection and he travelled to Kolkata and from there dashed to Ahmedabad.\"Ashok Dinda will be taking 3:45 pm flight from Ahmedabad and will be back in Kolkata by the evening. Since the first Test has already started, the selectors feel that it is better to release Dinda so that he can utilise the time in a serious match situation against Gujarat,\" a senior BCCI official said.According to reliable sources in the Board, the selectors want the 14th and 15th member of the squad to leave for Ranji Trophy duties so that they get proper match practice.\"The idea is that we need two extra players who can be substitute fielders. As for the others, it is better that they go and play the Ranji Trophy which will also help them get good match practice,\" a senior official informed.It is learnt that Dinda is likely to join Bengal practice tomorrow ahead of their match against Gujarat.Bengal's chairman of selection committee Deep Dasgupta wants to look at the positive side.\"I would say Dinda should feel good about the fact that his short call-up meant that selectors now feel that he is the number one back-up pacer in the country after Zaheer Khan , Umesh Yadav and Ishant. Also, it will be a good thing as he would be able to bowl a good 25 overs,\" the former India player said.There were also reports that Murali Vijay might also be released for Tamil Nadu's home Ranji game against Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17222300", "title": "Less noisy Diwali this year", "text": "MANGALORE: This year the coastal city had a rather safe Diwali with less noise. Five cases of minor burn injuries were in the city in the past two days.Government Wenlock Hospital, which has a well-equipped burns ward, received no case of injury due to burning crackers. District medical officer P Saroja said, \"We are really happy that no case of burn injury was reported. People in the city must be well aware of the possible accidents that occur while burning crackers.\"While three cases of minor burns were reported in KMC Hosptal Attavar, Fr Muller Medical College Hospital and KMC Hospital, Jyothi Circle received one case each.Sources in KMC Hospital said that all injured persons returned home after getting first aid.Karnataka State Pollution Control Board (KSPCB) had issued guidelines and created awareness against air and noise pollution prior to the festival.KSPCB senior scientific officer Jayaprakash Nayak said that the noise levels in the city have reduced considerably compared to previous years.\"We had conducted awareness programmes and distributed pamphlets containing information on noise and air pollution due to burning of crackers. We are accumulating noise level statistics and a report will be prepared on Friday. We have not received any complaints so far. There is a decline in the usage of crackers too,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17221845", "title": "Teachers don a different role, greet kids with dance, music", "text": "KOCHI: As students of Global Public school entered their school compound on Wednesday morning, they were in for a surprise. Competitions, classes, tests took a back seat, instead a flash mob greeted them with fusion music. Teachers danced to popular songs to entertain them on Children's Day. The celebrations ended with a cricket match between students and teachers.\"We decided to avoid competitions and contests to make the day colourful. This helped them connect with the students in a better manner. The cricket match was a big hit among the staff and students,\" said co-ordinator at Global Public School Shamim Mohammed.Other schools in the city organized a wide range of competitions ranging from stage performances to outdoor sports providing a platform for the younger generation to showcase their talent. Fancy dress competitions and seminars on the life of Jawaharlal Nehru were conducted in different schools of the city.While students of Al-Ameen Public School performed a skit on Jawaharlal Nehru's life, students of Rajagiri Public School witnessed a spectacular show when the literary association organized a presentation on the various festivals of India. The theme of the day was the 'thoughts without boundaries in a society bounded by caste, creed and religion'. Students took an oath to become a trustworthy and reliable leader of their nation.Meanwhile, children dressed as 'Chacha' Nehru and Mahatma Gandhi took part in a parade from Rajendra Maidan to Children's Park as part of Children's Day celebrations in the city. More than 1,000 students from over 40 schools participated in the event jointly organised by the district administration and district social welfare department. Students held placards expressing their needs and rights. Various competitions were conducted at Maharajas College auditorium to mark the birth day of Nehru.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17229228", "title": "I would absolutely like to have kids, says RiRi", "text": "Rihanna has revealed that she 'absolutely' wants to have children, but has insisted that that there is no potential father at the moment, despite rumours that she is getting back together with ex, Chris Brown.During her chat with Ellen DeGeneres on 'The Ellen Show,' the singer was asked whether she has thought about having kids in the future.\"Yes, eventually. I mean, absolutely,\" Rihanna replied.The talk-show host asked the singer if she would you \"do it alone, or do you want to wait until you're in a relationship or married?\"\"I would prefer to ... have a full family,\" People magazine quoted her as saying.\"I'm pretty sure I could handle [a family] if I had to on my own, but that's not what I'm striving for,\" she said.However, Rihanna told Ellen during her interview that there is no potential daddy for her future children in the picture at the moment, but that her perfect date would be \"just to stay on the couch and watch TV or in bed and watch TV.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17223577", "title": "Student body to conduct opinion poll", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The students' agitation against hike in mess food rates at Panjab University is all set to take a new turn, with the incumbent student body, Students Organization of Panjab University (SOPU), whose members are part of the student council, set to seek an opinion poll on the campus from Thursday.They have prepared a questionnaire which would ask common questions like whether a hunger strike on the campus on the issue of mess charges' hike is justified or not. \"Our aim is just to find out the magnitude of the issue. Has it really affected the students? Do a majority of students mind paying Rs 6 extra?\" said Manoj Lubana, president, SOPU.The issue of hike by Rs 6 in mess charges per meal, has become a bone of contention between PU officials, protesting students of SFI, Students for Society (SFS) and the ruling student body, SOPU.Lubana added that since select students have been protesting on the issue of hike, the intention was to find out what the common student wants. Intending to bring more students under the subsidy relief net, PU officials had announced the expansion of 'definition' of economically weaker section to those families whose annual income is Rs 3 lakh. Food subsidy for hostel residents belonging to EWS was increased from Rs 1,000 per month to Rs 1,350 per month.University officials said that the introduction of \"fixed menu\" which would be offered at original rates of Rs 22. 5 and Rs 24 in girls and boys' hostels respectively from Thursday was done by the dietician, taking care of the nutrition needs for students. The new menu that has been hiked from Rs 22.5 to 24 and Rs 28.5 to Rs 30 for girls and boys too would be introduced from Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "patna ", "code": "17223335", "title": "Monkey menace at Patna Science College", "text": "PATNA : Patna University (PU) campus is, of late, being visited by some unusual \"scholars\". These casual visitors are not only disturbing the academic peace of the campus but also scaring and posing threat to the bonafide scholars as well as faculty members.Only last week, the post-graduate students of English department located in Darbhanga House complex were astonished and shocked to find a snake occupying a seat in the departmental library. PU English teacher Shanker Dutt was supposed to engage a class there, but he could not do so as the reptile refused to budge from the place despite persistent efforts of students and the staff. The teacher had to engage the class somewhere else and students are scared to use the library.The class rooms of Patna Science College are being regularly visited by monkeys these days. Recently, a fortnight back, when the staff of geology department opened the lecture theatre located on the first floor, for an M Sc class, he found half a dozen monkeys occupying the lecture theatre. It took at least half hour to get the monkeys chased away from the lecture theatre and the class to be held. Monkeys jump into the class rooms from the NIT Patna campus located just behind the geology department.Monkeys are also reportedly creating all sorts of nuisances in and around the GDS Girls' Hostel located at Krishna Ghat. They often enter the hostel rooms and even loot valuables of the hostel residents. Any resistance to the monkey menace would only make the animals to unite and attack the inmates , said a hostel staff.A couple of years back, on the intervention of PU proctor Kriteshwar Prasad, the forest department officials swung into action and drove the primates away from the campus. But, the monkeys have somehow sneaked into the campus again.Almost all the colleges and post-graduate departments are regularly visited by stray dogs and some have made the campus their permanent abode. Even as they dare not enter the class rooms, they are found often loitering on the verandahs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "roorkee", "code": "17231660", "title": "Dutch woman tourist pushed out of running train", "text": "ROORKEE: A woman tourist from Holland was injured after she was pushed out off a running train by an unidentified person who robbed her in Haridwar district, police said on Thursday.Flair de Noozle (34) from Holland was going to Amritsar by Dehradun-Amritsar Express on the night of November 12 when she was pushed off the train by an unknown man, SSP Arun Mohan Joshi said.He said the incident occurred when Flair went to the toilet with a bag tied around her waist after the train left Laxar station. As she came out of the toilet, a man standing near the wash basin pushed her out of the running train, he said.The man too jumped out and snatched the bag from the tourist who was lying unconscious near the railway track, the SSP said, adding that the culprit later fled.A police patrol team found her lying there and rushed her to a nearby nursing home from where she was discharged yesterday.The bag contained Flair's passport, ATM and credit cards and an iPod among other valuables, Joshi said.Flair came to India on October 2 on a tourist visa, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17221937", "title": "Police to visit Sri Lankan refugee camp in Chennai", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The police team probing the human trafficking case at Ponnani will visit the Sri Lankan refugee camp in Chennai in the coming days to collect more evidences. Police suspect that one of the accused in the case, Suresh, who is yet to be nabbed, is residing in the refugee camp in Chennai.The police have already arrested five persons, including the main accused Dinesh Kumar, in connection with a bid to illegally transport 50 Sri Lankan refugees to Australia through Kerala coast. Dinesh is a Sri Lankan native residing in a camp in Coimbatore.After the interrogation of the main accused, who was arrested four days ago, the investigation team found that more inmates of refugee camps were involved in the case.Customs officials had seized the boat, which was about to leave for Australia with the refugees, off Ponnani coast last month. Officials also seized 6,000 litres of diesel and packets of food items which were stocked in the boat. The boat was loaded with rice and vegetables meant to sustain the refugees in their trip.Other four arrested have been identified as Shamsudheen, Shajahan and Ishaque, natives of Coimbatore, and Kabeer, native of Ponnani.CI of Ponnani Abdul Muneer said the police team will visit the camps in Chennai in search of Suresh and would collect more evidences. \"Customs officials have started interrogation of the accused who are already arrested and we are hopeful that police will get more clues on the remaining members of the racket which is behind human trafficking,\" he said.Dinesh had confessed that he transported many Sri Lankan refugees to Australia through Kollam coast in June and had collected Rs 5 lakh each from 50 refugees to transport them through Ponnani coast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17222172", "title": "Belgaum City Corporation to create awareness on waste management", "text": "BELGAUM: To create awareness on waste management among school children and their parents, the Belgaum City Corporation (BCC) is holding lectures and competitions from next week.According to BCC sources, in view of the Bangalore city facing severe garbage problem, the urban development department (UDD) has instructed all city corporations in the state to undertake such initiatives to educate the school children on waste management so that garbage disposal should not become a problem.Satish Potdar, BCC health officer, said: \"I have already written to deputy director of public instructions (DDPI) seeking his support for the initiative. The DDPI has given a list of 358 primary and high schools which include government and private in the BCC limits.As part of the initiative, there will be lectures and competitions in essay writing, slogans writing, elocution and drawing. The winners will be awarded on behalf of the BCC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17223620", "title": "Material worth crores gutted", "text": "LUDHIANA: Incidents of fire were reported from various parts of the city on Tuesday night. Though no loss of life was reported, material worth crores was gutted. Additional divisional fire officer Kartar Singh said all the firemen and over 170 fire tenders were on a continuous vigil, taking control of every fire incident that was reported throughout the night.Among the places gutted almost completely on Diwali night were a tyre factory at Kanganwal in Jaspal Bangar, Chawla Fibres Factory on Rahon Road, several houses in Gurdev Nagar, Madhopuri, Shivpuri, Gill Road and four shops on Pindi Street, added the officer.Firecrackers caused the fire in almost every case, but it being a festive night, there were no people in the shops and factories that were gutted.Kartar said the fire incidents reported this year were less than the number of incidents reported last year on Diwali night, when fire broke out at 60 places in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17222623", "title": "Smacking kids may raise cancer, heart illness risk", "text": "LONDON: Smacking or shouting at your children may put them at a greater risk of cancer, heart disease and asthma later in life, a new study has warned. The study found the link could be caused because smacking and shouting at children causes them stress.The increased stress levels then cause biological changes within an individual which can lead to serious health problems, the Telegraph reported.Researchers from Plymouth University found the stress caused by the smacking or shouting in a child's early years may lead to biological changes which predispose to disease.The research team asked 250 healthy adults in Saudi Arabia about their childhood and compared the answers to 150 adults with heart disease, 150 with cancer and 150 with asthma. They were asked whether and how often they had been beaten and subjected to verbal abuse as children. Those who had cancer were 70% more likely to have been beaten as a child compared to the healthy group.Those with cardiac disease were 30% more likely and those with asthma 60% more likely. \"Early life stress in the form of trauma and abuse is known to creating long term changes that predispose to later disease,\" professor Michael Hyland, from the University's School of Psychology, who led the study said.\"But this study shows that in a society where corporal punishment is considered normal, the use of corporal punishment is sufficiently stressful to have the same kinds of long term impact as abuse and trauma.\"Our research adds a new perspective on the increasing evidence that the use of corporal punishment can contribute to childhood stress, and when it becomes a stressor, corporal punishment contributes to poor outcomes both for the individual concerned and for society,\" Hyland said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17221977", "title": "Cracker accident victims pour into hospitals", "text": "BANGALORE: While Adarsha M, 9, who suffered a serious eye injury on Tuesday, is still battling to regain his sight, about 40 more people, mostly children, were hospitalized late Tuesday night and Wednesday.They were brought in with mild to severe eye injuries to various eye hospitals in Bangalore, which registered 2-12 cases each. Young children accounted for most of the patients.At the government-run Minto Eye Hospital, 12 patients were admitted with minor to severe eye injuries, with three undergoing surgeries on Wednesday. Five cases, mostly of minor injuries, were reported at Narayana Nethralaya, 12 at Sankara Eye Hospital, six at Devi Eye Hospital and two each at Samprathi Eye Hospital and Rangalakshmi Nethralaya in Yelahanka.Said Dr Bhujang Shetty, chairman, Narayana Nethralaya: \"We've registered over 50 cases of eye injuries due to cracker accidents in the past two days. Many of these are severe and the patients will require surgeries. The condition of Adarsha, who underwent surgery yesterday, is still serious and he will require a lot of post-surgical care. We cannot say how long it will take him to recover from his injuries.\"Dr Arun Samprathi, MD, Samprathi Eye Hospital, said two patients were brought to the hospital late Tuesday night. \"A 6-year old boy, who injured his right eye after a cracker accidentally burst, underwent surgery on Wednesday morning. Multiple foreign particles were found in his eye and it will take him 7-10 days to recover.\"On Tuesday, 49 cases of eye injuries were reported from Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17221011", "title": "Kids' fest gets underway", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Survi 2012, the state-level children's festival kicked off here on Wednesday. The four-day festival aims at spreading the idea of joyful learning among school kids and honing the talents of children through workshops.Inaugurating the festival, school and mass education minister Rabi Narayan Nanda said, \"It's all about joyful learning. Many novel ideas are incorporated in Survi this year, which provides a unique platform to children to express their creativity.\"About 1000 children from different schools are participating in the festival, while hundreds of others will be visiting the festival every day. The sprawling playground of Unit-IX Boys High School has been converted to a fairytale set up with different workshops going on in beautifully erected tents. The workshops include balloon art, sand art, film making, puppetry, pottery and so on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17224824", "title": "Tulisa 'dating' Danny Simpson", "text": "Tulisa Contostavlos has bagged herself a new man in the form of Newcastle United star Danny Simpson , according to reports.The 24-year-old 'X Factor' judge is said to have met the Premiership player through mutual friends and were said to have gone on a date in Manchester recently, the Mirror reported.They spent Tuesday evening together, having romantic drinks and dinner.\"Danny is a good-looking guy and, physically, completely T's type. After being set up by a mutual associate, they swapped numbers and recently started texting,\" a source said.\"They have similar senses of humour and arranged their first date last week. Tulisa went up to Manchester on Tuesday to meet him for drinks in a hotel. It went well and they had a laugh.\"Neither Danny or T are in any hurry to rush things, and both want to take it all slowly. It is still early days,\" the source said.Former Manchester United star Simpson, who earns around 25,000 pounds a week, is understood to have recently split from his ex-girlfriend, Stephanie.The couple have a daughter, Skye.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17222729", "title": "Chaos to debut with 'Violent Redemption'", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: With fast percussive beats, low-register guitar riffs, direct and denunciatory lyrics, 'Chaos', the Thiruvananthapuram-based thrash metal band is all set to release its debut album 'Violent Redemption'.Jayakrishnan S, the vocalist of the band, says their album is a kind of a vent to the aggression that was piled up within them. \"Through our aggressive style and bass drums, we want to question the injustice around us. Our album 'Violent Redemption' has a revolutionary approach towards social issues like corruption, violence and terrorism. We have tried to vent our anger against these evils in the society.\"'Violent Redemption' has 10 tracks based on themes like the Godhra tragedy, Kargil war, the materialistic attitude of humans and fake godmen. The track with lyrics 'Rivers of blood divides the land...Into shades of green and saffron... 3 days of slaughter...Endowed by the merchant of death, draws inspiration from Sonia Gandhi's controversial address of Narendra Modi as the 'merchant of death', post-Gujarat riots.\"We hang out for our jamming sessions occasionally, where we also discuss the hot topics that dog the society. These discussions often turn out to be the inspiration for the music that we create. It took us almost five years to complete our debut album,\" said Nikhil N R, the guitarist.The band includes Kishore N S on the drums and Shyamlal on the bass guitar. The band feels that popular Indian bands Mother Jane and Avial have been instrumental in bringing out the album.But was their family supportive?\"Who would like to see their sons grow long hair and beard and spend all their time listening and composing loud and blaring music, instead of having respectable jobs like everyone else,\" asks Nikhil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17222690", "title": "Brightest ever Diwali for MP", "text": "BHOPAL: Bumper power supply was ensured across the state on Diwali by Madhya Pradesh Power Management Company and the energy sector companies.In the 57 years old history of Madhya Pradesh, a new record of supply of 9,089 MW power was set on Wednesday. The new record has been set with a supply of 1755.57 lakh units of power on Diwali day.As many as 1694.78 lakh units were supplied on Dhanteras this year.On Diwali this year, power was not cut in any part of the state after 6pm.Energy minister Rajendra Shukla, secretary energy Mohammad Sulaiman, Power Management Company MD Manu Shrivastava and the managing directors of the distribution companies congratulated the officers and employees concerned in the state for the historic achievement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17223100", "title": "Police too helping smugglers: Punjab Human Rights Organization", "text": "AMRITSAR: While cops are zeroing in on the staff of the chemical examiner's office at Kharar for their alleged role in submitting negative results for narcotics seized by police to help smugglers, the Punjab Human Rights Organization (PHRO) has alleged that even cops are involved in the racket.PHRO principal investigator Sarabjit Singh told TOI on Wednesday, \"Our independent inquiry has revealed that even talcum powder samples were shown positive for narcotics and in many cases police sold the seized opium and replaced it with malt powder.\" He said in a case registered in a police station at Mehta on April 4, 2012, the chemical examiner's office had given a positive result for talcum powder.Meanwhile, Jagdip Singh, a clerk in the office who used to collect samples for chemical examination, was arrested on Monday for his involvement in the case. \"The arrested clerk is just a small fish,\" said Kapurthala deputy superintendent of police Paramjit Singh.According to PHRO, the office of chemical examiner had come up with negative results for narcotics in two cases registered with Nakodar in 2010 and 2011, but the same samples yielded positive results after examination in Chandigarh and Hyderabad laboratories.\"We have submitted a detailed complaint with the director general police and have sought an inquiry into the functioning of the office of chemical examiner,\" said PHRO's principal investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17221317", "title": "Bengal to review bus fare hike", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government is likely to modify the bus fare again. However, the transport operators feared that any backward revision will send the situation back to square one, putting a question mark on the viability of the services again. After receiving the complaints of anomaly in fares, chief minister Mamata Banerjee has asked the transport department to review the fare hike.Though the transport minister refused to comment on further fare revision, sources said the group of ministers for transport and the adviser to the transport department, Mukul Roy, have embarked upon a fare revision. However, the transport operators said that any backward revision would make the trade unviable once more.After the fare revision in April, 2009, the fuel price has witnessed upward revision for 12 times. Since April 2009, the fuel price rose by Rs 19, without any revision of bus or taxi fares. \"The recent fare revision has only made the trade viable. Some buses, which had gone idle, have started coming out much to the relief of the daily commuters. If there is any backward revision, these buses will again go idle,\" said Tapan Banerjee of Joint Council of Bus Syndicates.The syndicate members led by secretary Sadhan Das, on Wednesday, joint council of bus syndicate members led by its secretary by Sadhan Das met state transport minister Madan Mitra at the Writers' Buildings to exchange Bijoya greetings. Madan Mitra, later, said: \"My department has received information that there is some confusion among passengers on the new fares in some routes. The group of ministers will decide on this matter.\" Sources said that the transport department is considering the matter to review some the routes and their new fare chart for any further revision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "azamgarh", "code": "17230927", "title": "Undertrial dies after consuming poison", "text": "AZAMGARH: An undertrial lodged in the district jail on Thursday died after he allegedly consumed poison in his barrack, jail officials said.Neeraj, who was lodged in the jail on the charges of rape, consumed poison on the night of November 13 after which he was rushed to the hospital where he died this afternoon, jail superintendent AK Mishra said.Mishra said that a suicide note was also recovered from his barrack in which the deceased stated that he was upset as his family members could not get him bail from the court.An inquiry has been ordered by the jail administration in this regard, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17232280", "title": "There will be no more great British actors, says Ian McKellen", "text": "Sir Ian McKellen argues that today's young actors will never develop into fine middle-aged performers because they have not honed their talents in repertory theatre.According to the 'Lord of the Rings' star, Britain will produce no more actors of the calibre of Dame Judi Dench or Sir Derek Jacobi because repertory theatre has died out.The 73-year-old actor said that he would not have the career he has today without a grounding in regional rep.The current crop of actors, who go straight into television and film roles or appear in the occasional stage production, do not have the same experience, he said.\"The situation is desperate. There are no [resident] companies in this country - not even the National Theatre has one. There's a desert,\" the Telegraph quoted him as telling Reader's Digest.\"The danger's going to be that the current generation of actors won't develop into good middle-aged performers because they won't have been able to live from their work.\"The strength of British theatre should be that these actors in their middle years know what they're doing and are good at it. Not rich, not famous, but making a living,\" he said.McKellen said that he had \"always been an actor for the long haul. And it all began for me with doing three years' apprenticeship. I didn't go to drama school.\"He appeared in 15 productions at the Belgrade Theatre, Coventry in the early 1960s, where he was paid 8 pounds 10 shillings and honed his talents in Shakespeare, Chekhov and Agatha Christie .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "hong kong", "code": "17228900", "title": "Jyoti Randhawa tied 17th at Hong Kong Open, slow start by Gaganjeet Bhullar", "text": "HONG KONG: Indian golfer Jyoti Randhawa opened strongly with a two-under 68 to be placed at tied 17th after the first round of UBS Hong Kong Open at the Hong Kong Golf club on Thursday.Randhawa dropped just one bogey against three birdies to emerge as the best Indian and was four shots behind Asian Tour rookie, Javi Colomo of Spain, who outshone more illustrious names with a flawless six-under 64 to take the first round clubhouse lead.Three players, including India's Himmat Rai were yet to complete their round. They will resume play on Friday.Shiv Kapur was tied 27th at one-under 69 which included a bogey on the par-4 17th. Himmat was even par with one more hole to play, while the in-form Gaganjeet Bhullar was off to a modest start with a one-over 71 in tied 54th place. He had three birdies and four bogeys.Things did not work out too well for SSP Chowrasia (76), Digvijay Singh and Chiragh Kumar, both of whom shot 80 each and were tied 139th.While Colomo led the field, ltaly's Matteo Manassero, winner in Singapore last week carded 67 and World No. 1 Rory McIlroy of Northern Ireland shot 73.Miguel Angel Jimenez, twenty years older than Colomo, showed that old is gold when he rolled back the years to take a share of second place with Australia's Andrew Dodt, a former winner at Avantha Masters, with his opening 65.Trailing a further shot back was China's most decorated player, Zhang Lian-wei who could have returned with a lower score had he not carded a double-bogey six on his finishing par-four 10th.Zhang, 47, signed for a 66 to take equal fourth place alongside Asian Tour honorary member YE Yang of Korea, Ryder Cup Captain Jose Maria Olazabal of Spain, Italy's Gagli Lorenzo and Sweden's Fredrik Andersson Hed at the Hong Kong Golf Club.Randhawa parred his first eight holes and then found a birdie on the ninth. His lone bogey came on the 11th and he fired birdies on 13th and 17th.Bhullar playing from the 11th - the Hong Kong Club course starts the back nine from 11th - bogeyed 16th and birdied the 18th. On the front stretch of the course, he birdied second and third and bogeyed three times.Colomo, who has enjoyed three top-10 finishes on the Asian Tour this season, opened his campaign with pars on his first eight holes.The 28-year-old's round came alive when he blazed the course with six birdies in eight holes in his homeward run.\"I was very relaxed after the first nine holes, and after that, I took all my birdie opportunities. It helped that I had luck on my side on the greens as well,\" said Colomo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "buxar", "code": "17223353", "title": "130 litres of milk for Rs 4.52 lakh!", "text": "BUXAR: Once famous for its Sahiwal cows and Murrah buffaloes and having the capacity of keeping 450 cattleheads at a time, the Haryana Cattle Breeding Farm (HCBF), Dumraon, is today stuttering with only 35 cattleheads.Of the total 35 cattleheads, 10 are cows. And out of these 10 cows, only two are currently producing milk. The total milk production at the HCBF is just five litres per day. Thus, the monthly milk production is around 130 litres, whereas the farm is spending a huge sum of Rs 4.52 lakh per month on the salary of 23 employees posted there. Of the 23 employees, 19 are exclusively for looking after the cattle, while the rest six are either drivers or office peons.Inaugurated by the first chief minister Sri Krishna Sinha on December 17, 1952 on the sprawling 431.10 acres of land in east-southern part of Dumraon town, 17 km from the district headquarters, the famous farm has the capacity of keeping 450 cattleheads at a time.In 1984, the farm had 1,000 cattleheads and around 1,000 litres of milk was produced per day. Then the milk used to be sent to Ara, Patna and even Kolkata through Toofan Mail, informed Bharat Prasad, one of the farm employees. Stoppage of Toofan Mail at Dumraon railway station was planned especially for transporting the milk produced here.The HCBF was established with the aim to rear bulls of high breed and supply them among farmers to raise the quality of milk producing cattle. Later, the Murrah buffaloes were shifted to Sipaya farm, Chhapra by the order of the then chief minister Daroga Prasad Rai, said Baban Mishra, head clerk of the farm.Of the total area of 431.10 acres, the state government has so far acquired 200 acres of farmland for setting up the Bihar Military Police-4 training centre, 100 acres for Dumraon Agriculture College and also got constructed the sub-divisional hospital and office on 20 acres. Now, the farm has only 111.10 acres of land.\"Sadly, the utilization of HCBF has lowered due to the supply of high quality semen tube from Banka and Patna breeding centres,\" said Prasad adding the condition of the semen bank centre is also bad. A total of 22 health centres of the district, run by the animal husbandry and fishery resources department, are linked with the semen bank centre. \"Instead of producing semen at Dumraon, the semen bank centre is currently purchasing semen from the frozen semen bank, Patna, and supplying the same to hospitals,\" said Ayodhya Choudhary, pashudhan assistant at the centre.Besides this, nine tractors and five tubewells of the farm are defunct but despite repeated efforts, in-charge manager of HCBF Dr Praveen Pathak could not be contacted when they would be repaired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17231956", "title": "Hope people stop criticising Virender Sehwag after this knock: Coach", "text": "NEW DELHI: Irrespective of success or failures, the tough grind of international cricket had helped Virender Sehwag to remain nonchalant over the years, but his childhood coach AN Sharma admitted that he used to get \"hurt\" by the critical remarks about his favourite student.Sehwag on Thursday smashed a run-a-ball 117 against England, breaking a two-year century drought in Test cricket.\"This is a special knock and I hope that it silences all those who were sceptical about Viru's ability to play big knocks at the international stage. This is a fitting answer to all those barbs aimed at him. Muuh se naahin balle se jawab diya hai usne (he has let his bat do the talking),\" an ecstatic Sharma said on Thursday.The man who has helped a young Sehwag hone his skills to become a top quality international player, admitted that criticism \"hurt\" him more than his ward.\"Viru is a man of different quality. I would admit that if someone writes all those things about my favourite student, I would certainly get hurt but he remained unfazed and would tell me not to bother about all these things,\" the veteran coach remarked.But all said and done, wasn't two years a very long wait for his 23rd Test hundred, Sharma was quick to retort, \"Name one player who did well against England and Australia consistently during those eight Test matches that we lost? Just because he (Sehwag) is an attacking batsman, the focus is more on his failures.\"Did he speak on any technical issues with Sehwag before the start of the series, the coach answered, \"When someone plays 99 Tests, there must be something right about him. When I spoke before he left for Mumbai (camp), I just told him to try and bat for as long as possible because no bowler will then be able to stop him from playing his strokes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17221610", "title": "Kerala bird race on Sunday", "text": "KOCHI: The sixth edition of the Kerala Bird Race will be organized by the Cochin Natural History Society with the support of Yuhina eco-media at Kochi, Thiruvananthapuram and Kozhikode on November 18.The event will help the birdwatchers understand more about the diverse bird species living in the three cities and surrounding places as well as their modes of existence.More than 350 bird lovers participated in the event last year and this year the organizers are expecting more participation. At the end of the day all the teams will meet up, share information and finally the adjudicators will declare which team had spotted the maximum number of species.The participants will be divided into groups consisting of 3 to 4 members.Vishupriyan Kartha of the Cochin Natural History Society said, \"The event helps in spreading awareness and also cultivates a deep interest among youngsters\".The Kerala bird race is supported by WWF Kerala, Kottayam nature society, Malabar natural history society and nature education society, Thrissur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17221305", "title": "Body recovered from coal wagon in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: A body was recovered from a coal laden open wagon of a goods train which arrived in Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) from Burnpur here on Wednesday. The recovered body was in a burnt state and seems to be that of a 50-year-old man, yet unidentified.Police believe the deceased might be a security guard seeing the uniform which he had worn. According to B K Sinha, officer-in-charge of Marafari police station, the police recovered the body lying in the wagon on the arrival of the goods train. It was badly burnt.There were sacks containing coals scattered inside the wagon, which indicates that the deceased who might be a security guard had entered the wagon to nab the coal thieves, who usually steal coals at different points on the way, and had sustained electric shock from the overhead wires.Sinha said that they had conveyed the message about recovery of the body to the government railway police stations located on the route through which the goods train had arrived to Bokaro from Burnpur. The body has been kept in mortuary after post mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17223125", "title": "Businessman son's kidnapping solved, say police", "text": "ROHTAK: Police on Wednesday claimed to have solved the kidnapping and ransom case of a 17-year-old son of a Gurgaon businessman who was abducted on November 3. The police said that a joint operation by Rohtak and Sonipat police had led to the arrest of four gangsters involved in the kidnapping of the youth who was released by them on a ransom of Rs 3 lakh, four days later.Rohtak range IGP Alok Mittal said that the gangsters identified as Devender alias Lilu of Kami village; Sandeep, Ashu and Sunil of Mohana were arrested after an exchange of fire between the police and the criminals late on Monday night near Kami village on Sonipat-Kami Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17221863", "title": "Wrangling in council irks citizens", "text": "KOCHI: Kochi Corporation is now unable to proceed with any development projects that require the approval of the council, as opposition councillors are continuing their protest against irregularities in the display of advertisements on lampposts in the city.And this state of affairs is triggering resentment towards the local body among people.People fear that the stalemate in the council would delay the projects that are to be completed in the current financial year.Though people support a vigilance probe into the allegations against mayor Tony Chammany and town planning committee chairman K J Sohan, they want both the ruling UDF and the opposition LDF to focus on city's development.The Ernakulam district residents' association apex council (EDRAAC) has stated that tax payers' money was being wasted on trivial issues.\"Governance has come to a standstill. The local body has been drafting mega plans, but has failed to implement projects that will serve residents. We need good governance,\" said EDRAAC president Rangadasa Prabhu.Hinting at the need for the corporation to act as a catalyst agency and ensure cooperation between various departments, a city-based NGO, Better Kochi response group (BKRG), said the local body should speed up project implementation.In the last two council meetings, with the ruling and opposition fronts locking horns, no business could be transacted.It has been pointed out that if projects taken up this fiscal are not implemented, funds would lapse. Some amount may be carried over to the next fiscal, but then the city will not get new projects and fresh funding.\"The local body must become more creative and associate with organizations and individuals who can support them in their endeavours,\" said BKRG president S Gopakumar.With the BJP and councillors representing the 'I' group in Congress throwing their weight behind the LDF, the demand for the resignation of Chammany and Sohan is growing stronger. However, the LDF has clarified that it had no plans to bring in a 'no confidence' motion.\"The whole exercise of disrupting council proceedings is a waste of time and resources. Such protests do not serve the common good and is not in the best interest of the people,\" said Kerala merchants' union president K Venkitesh Pai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17223095", "title": "Public Interest Litigation seeks removal of encroachment on national highway- 47 in Kanyakumari", "text": "MADURAI: A PIL has been filed in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court seeking the removal of encroachments on National Highway - 47 (NH 47), in Kanyakumari district. The petitioner claimed that the road, which was about 140-feet wide has shrunk to less than 40 feet due to the encroachments.Due to the encroachment, it takes two hours for vehicles to cross the 20km stretch from Thuckalay to Kaliakavilai on NH 47, which passes through the middle of Kanyakumari district and enters Kerala, the petition said.The petitioner, M Maria Barnabas, contended that the then Travancore state considering the life of the future generation, allotted 140 feet wide land for the highway, which is of 65-km stretch and passes through the middle of Kanyakumari district via Nagercoil, Thuckalay, Marthandam and Kaliakkavilai and thereafter enters Kerala. Many influential people had allegedly encroached on NH 47 with the assistance of officials, the petitioner contended.The petitioner alleged that even though several representations had been sent to the district collector, the project director of National Highways Authority of India, the superintendent engineer regarding removal of encroachments, no action initiated by the government.Hence, the petitioner wanted the court to issue direction to the authorities to remove the encroachments on NH 47. After hearing the petition, the court directed to issue notice to the authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17227927", "title": "Trott shows lack of sportsman spirit after dropping catch", "text": "AHMEDABAD: England's Jonathan Trott displayed a distinct lack of sportsman spirit when he persisted with his appeal for a catch despite dropping the ball during the first day of the opening Test against India on Thursday.Post-tea, when India were at 259 for three, Kohli, who was on four, went for a cut shot off Graeme Swann's bowling but edged the ball to Trott at slip.The ball struck Trott's forearm and he dived backward to complete the catch. He, however, dropped it on the turf but still appealed and forced the on-field umpires to refer the matter to third umpire Sudhir Asnani.But the Television replays clearly showed that the ball spilled out of his hand as he dived backward and then his body covered the ball before he scooped it up and appealed.It remains to be seen what action match referee Roshan Mahanama takes against the fielder for his action, which was clearly against the spirit of the game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17229812", "title": "Jane Seymour reveals ageless beauty secret", "text": "Legendary British actress Jane Seymour , who has managed to stay ageless even at 61, has admitted that she has to work on keeping her looks youthful.She said that she is proud of her wrinkles and would not go under the knife to change her look.\"I'm proud of my wrinkles,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as saying.\"They give my face character. As an actress, you mess with that at your peril,\" she said.And although she has tried Botox, she wasn't impressed with it.\"I think the good thing about my face is it has always been expressive. With Botox that goes \u00e2\u20ac\u201d not what you want as an actress,\" she said.However, she's had her work done around her eyes.\"Top and bottom, years ago. I was asked by photographers if I'd consider getting them done because they spent so much time touching up pictures. It wasn't a big deal. I went out for lunch the day after surgery,\" she said.The only other time she went under the knife was for a boob job .\"It was 20 years ago. I'd breastfed my first two children and things weren't what they had been.\"I'd never had a big bust \u00e2\u20ac\u201d I always say they had to make smaller implants just for me, but I wanted the shape back. Clothes fit and look better. It was a good move,\" she added.Seymour denied that she's had a facelift, but said that she may consider it if required.\"I'll never say never, but I've just filmed a part where I play a grandmother. You need character in your face for that,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17228306", "title": "TV far from being endangered", "text": "Television is not at risk of death and still remains the only screen in the house that allows family members to gather together and watch their favourite shows, according to a new Canadian study.The study was conducted by a team of researchers led by Andre H. Caron, professor of communications at Universite de Montreal and Director of the Centre for Youth and Media Studies (CYMS) and looked at the television viewing habits of families with at least one child aged between 9 and 12 years.The study was conducted over three years in two phases. In the first phase, more than 500 Canadian children's television programs were analyzed. The results, published in 2010, showed the decisive quality of Canadian productions. On the other hand, it also revealed significant gaps in the availability and diversity of programs geared specifically to children aged between 9 and 12 years.The second phase of the study consisted of a thorough examination of the appropriation of media by families and children: in addition to the role, perception, and influence of TV, the study examined how children make use of new screen-based media such as computers, video game consoles, and smartphones.Based on this approach, the researchers interviewed Canadian families in their everyday environment (their homes) in five Canadian cities: St. John's, Montreal, Toronto , Calgary , and Vancouver. The researchers also used the method of focus groups, composed respectively of children, fathers, mothers, and young adolescents in each city.The results of the study show that, as in the past, television remains the media platform best suited to shared family experiences in the five regions visited. Families continue to attribute value and importance to TV.The results also suggest that second screens (tablets, smartphones, etc.) are still not widely used by this group and are not a threat to television: when present, they complement it.Because of its dimensions, children and parents interviewed across the country consider television, as far from being endangered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17226111", "title": "Mahadev finds Ganesha in Sadhil Kapoor?", "text": "Triangle Films Company's Devon Ke Dev Mahadev on Life OK is undoubtedly winning millions of hearts with every passing day. Its presentation, perfect cast and delivery of contemporary thoughts through mythology are something which is appealing the audiences most.Mahadev's ( Mohit Raina) journey from being a hermit to household saw the entry of Shiv Putra Kartikeya in Rishiraj Pawar. Now, once again a new major entry is expected to take place after Kartikeya. Any guesses???Yes! It's none other than our favorurite lord Ganesha. Co-Producer, Nikhil Sinha in the recently held press conference stated that lord Ganesha in Mahadev will be a major leap of the show and the character will be showcased unlikely to what it has been showed in other mythological shows.To do justice to the character, the makers have roped in child actor Sadhil Kapoor, last seen in shows like Bhai Bhayya Aur Brother, Chintu Chinki Aur Badmash Company and is also currently on TV for Surf Excel ad which says ' Daag Acche Hain '.All our efforts to reach Sadhil Kapoor were vain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17230882", "title": "Gary Kirsten's mantra pays off for Virender Sehwag", "text": "MUMBAI: They say when you live by the sword, you should be prepared to die by it too. Is there anyone better than Virender Sehwag who can explain this? The 34-year-old, who scored his 23rd Test ton when he slammed a run-a-ball 117 against England at the Motera, on Day 1 of the first Test, has died more often in the last few months than he has lived.The famed upper cut, which often is caught deep in the stands over third-man or deep point, has ended in the hands of the 'keeper. The famed lofted inside-out stroke over extra cover which has left off-spinners of even the pedigree of Muttiah Muralitharan aghast was ending up in the palms of widish long-off.There was a time when fans, who only noticed the gaps between the fielders which Sehwag almost always found when the batsman essayed his quintessential punch off the back-foot, had also begun noticing the gap between his bat and pad which bowlers like James Pattinson, Ben Hilfenhaus and Kemar Roach found with regularity. His reverse sweeps which were looked at as bravado were being labelled as impetuosity and foolishness.Ever since his King Pair against England in the Edgbaston Test, which Sehwag played after a lengthy gap of three months post shoulder surgery, the batsman's attacking instincts seemed to be on the wane. But Sehwag, compelled by the desire to play his natural game and forced to become the slave of his reputation as an entertainer, hasn't quite tweaked his game to suit the occasion.But on Thursday, in Ahmedabad, he married daredevilry with responsibility and it must have got something to with introspection, not always Sehwag's strong point. \"I have to thank my video analyst Dhananjay. We watched the videos of my past innings where I got hundreds till 11 pm last night. I saw that when I played the first ten overs cautiously I had reached 100. I did the same today,\" Sehwag said.Sehwag put on a 134-run opening stand with Gautam Gambhir (45) before adding another 90 runs for the second wicket with Cheteshwar Pujara , who remained unbeaten on 98 at close, as India reached 323 for four at stumps on day one.When Gary Kirsten was in charge of the Indian team, the South African had drilled it into the opener's head that he just needs to stay at the wicket for 30 balls and he would have the bowling at his mercy. It is little wonder then that the dynamic opener played some of his best cricket when the South African was at the helm of affairs. He averaged 58.08 in the 33 Tests he played under Kirsten's regime with nine hundreds, including a triple hundred (319 vs South Africa) and two doubles (201 not out, Galle and 293 Mumbai, CCI vs Sri Lanka).In ODIs, in the same period, he had scored 2068 runs in 45 games at an astounding 49.23 with five centuries and 11 50s.Since his return from shoulder surgery, Sehwag has faced 30 balls in a Test innings 13 times and in five of those knocks he has gone past 50 and one of those innings has helped him reach a hundred. In ODIs, he has faced thirty balls only thrice in 13 matches. The result is 219 against West Indies at Indore and 96 against Sri Lanka at Hambantota.The verdict: If Viru applies himself, he can tame any attack. He even took a dig at the media at the end of the day's play. \"I am happy to get a hundred after one-and-a-half to two years. I did not have any doubt (about my ability to score a ton). You people had,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17222601", "title": "Man becoming less intelligent?", "text": "LONDON: Humans are losing intellectual and emotional capabilities because we no longer need intelligence to survive, a new study has claimed. Researchers from Stanford University claim the intricate web of genes which endows us with our brain power is particularly vulnerable to mutations - and these mutations are not being selected against our modern society because we no longer need intelligence to survive.However, we shouldn't lose any sleep over our diminishing brain power - as by the time it becomes a real problem - technology will have found a solution making natural selection obsolete, the 'Daily mail' reported.\"The development of our intellectual abilities and the optimisation of thousands of intelligence genes probably occurred in relatively non-verbal, dispersed groups of peoples before our ancestors emerged from Africa ,\" said Gerald Crabtree, lead author.In this environment, intelligence was critical for survival, and there was likely to be immense selective pressure acting on the genes required for intellectual development, leading to a peak in human intelligence.It was downhill from there on in as, from that point, it's likely that we began to slowly lose ground, researchers claim. According to researchers, with the development of agriculture, came urbanisation, which may have weakened the power of selection to weed out mutations leading to intellectual disabilities.Based on calculations of the frequency with which deleterious mutations appear in the human genome and the assumption that 2,000 to 5,000 genes are required for intellectual ability, Crabtree estimates that within 3,000 years - about 120 generations - we have all sustained two or more mutations harmful to our intellectual or emotional stability.Recent findings from neuroscience suggest that genes involved in brain function are uniquely susceptible to mutations, the report said. Crabtree argues that the combination of less selective pressure and the large number of easily affected genes is eroding our intellectual and emotional capabilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "17221084", "title": "Kids spread message of clean water", "text": "SAMBALPUR: More than one hundred children on Wednesday spread awareness about clean water bodies by forming a human chain on the bank of the Mahanadi. The programme was organized on the eve of Children's Day by Water Initiative Odisha (WIO) as a part of the national campaign on \"Clean Water Bodies are Children's Rights\". Various other NGOs and local social bodies supported the event.\"With increasing pollution, clean water bodies are vanishing fast. We want to raise this issue with parents, people in general, and more importantly, policy makers of this country, to ensure that each child of the country has the right to play in safe water bodies,\" convener of WIO Ranjan Panda said.Panda said children of various local schools had participated in Wednesday's event. They shouted slogans to protect water bodies of the country for the future generation. \"I am thankful to the members of various organizations who took active role in making the programme successful,\" Panda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17221463", "title": "Producer happy with reaction to film on incest", "text": "KOLKATA: Film audiences around the world are growing up and getting ready to accept bolder and controversial themes. But there are still areas that remain taboo, felt Polish producer Michal Kwiecinski. It's just as difficult to make a film on a subject like incest in Poland as in India, he said. Kwiecinski's film 'Shameless', directed by Filip Marczweski, revolves around the \"sinful love\" between a brother and a sister. It has made waves at several festivals around the world and is now being screened at the 18th Kolkata International Film Festival (KIFF).\"The film has led to a lot of debate across festivals, but has also been appreciated. I am curious about the reaction in Kolkata for the Indian society is a conservative one. The Polish society, too, is a traditional one, which is why the film was not very successful back home,\" said Kwiecinski.'Shameless' is the story of an 18-year-old boy in love with his 28-year-old sister. The latter is in a relationship with the boss of a local Neo-Nazi unit. But she craves for her brother's love. \"We knew it's not going to be readily accepted. We know that such relationships exist in every society. But we are not yet ready to admit that.The film has explored a forbidden area and the debate that it has generated was expected,\" added Kwiecinski.The film has certain explicit sexual scenes that had to be censored for the screen version. But the DVD version of the film has them. As many as 50,000 DVDs of 'Shameless' have been sold so far. \"By Indian standards, the figure is not a huge one. But considering that it's a European film, the number is quite big,\" said the producer.Besides The film is not just about incesstual love, the film though. It also deals with the problem of Neo-Nazism and migration. But Kwiecinski admitted that these were added to make the film longer. \"Essentially, both Filip and I were keen on making a film on incest. It's set in a typical Polish town and the idea was to convey the message that these things are a part of our lives, whether we admit it or not,\" said Kwiecinski.He would like to see more Indian films on a subject like this, he said. \"I have watched a few Bengali films, though I don't remember their titles. They seem to be making them on a small budget, unlike Bollywood films.There lies a similarity with Polish films and if we can explore controversial subjects, so can you,\" he said.The reaction of youngsters in India has left him enthused. \"They were asking questions and differed on the subject. But they didn't seem to have written it off altogether. I am sure it happens in India,\" he said.The Polish society, according to Kwiecinski, was still passing through a transition from socialism and Russian control to capitalism. \"It's still on and we are yet to embrace the new order completely. Previously, health and education was free for us. Now, we must pay for hospitalization. We are still trying to shake off old habits. But our society was a poisoned one, chained by Russian control. Now, we are learning to think and act independently. So, there's a churning going on", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17225127", "title": "Prabhas\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 Mirchi teaser on Nov 18", "text": "The much-awaited trailer of young rebel star Prabhas' Mirchi will hit the marquee on November 18. Official sources say that the Mirchi's teaser will be out on the said date and the audio will be launched in the second week of December 2012.Prabhas would be romancing Anushka and Richa Gangopadhyay in this film, hinges on the interplay of emotions and action. The nexus between Prabhas and the two hearts that he's trying to bond forms the crux of the story. V Vamsi Krishna Reddy and Pramod Uppalapati are producing this film under UV creations banner.Debutante director Koratala Siva is fast wrapping up the shooting and is planning to release the film in January 2013. Vamsi Krishna Reddy and Pramod Uppalapati are producing this film under UV creations. Devi Sri Prasad is composing the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17226242", "title": "Cochin science varsity to be made a central institution", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A proposal to convert Cochin University of Science and Technology (CUSAT) into a leading science education and research institute under the Central government is under consideration, according to Union minister of State for Human Resources Development Shashi Tharoor .The proposal, submitted by Kerala Government, is to take CUSAT an Indian Institute for Education, Science and Research (IIESR), Tharoor said in a release on Wednesday.\"The initial procedures for making CUSAT at IIESR have been started by HRD. It is a long procedure including working out of finacial liablities and finally it will be placed before Parliament and required to be passed by Cabinet,\" the release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17221362", "title": "Pinki Pramanik's medical report unclear on rape", "text": "KOLKATA: It seems the medical report of former athlete Pinki Pramanik doesn't bank on strong physiological evidence to substantiate the rape charge slapped on her.Instead, it says that the charge can't be ruled out either as \"rape can occur without causing injury.\"This forms the basis of the one-page medico-legal opinion by a 12-member medical board of SSKM hospital on August 27, 2012 that stands integral to the police charge sheet against Pinki Pramanik.The note (memo no SSKM/FSM/62) sent by Professor B N Kahali, head of SSKM's forensic medicine department, to investigating officer Sadiullah Sana, says, \"Negative medical evidence does not exclude rape, which is a legal term.\"More important than the medico-legal opinion seems the 164 CrPC statements (confessions to a magistrate) by the alleged victim and her five-year-old child that might go against Pinki, lawyers said.However, the same medical board, in its earlier report on July 10, had written, \"The person examined, Pinki Pramanik, is showing the features of intersex (disorder of sexual development), sub variety being male pseudo hermaphroditism.Genetically, the person is male because of a diploid count of 2n = 46XY with XY chromosome system \u00e2\u20ac\u201d obtained after chromosome analysis and karyotyping.\"The report by Professor Kahali then suggested Pinki showed male features but stopped short of explaining that Pinki is capable of committing rape.This prompted the investigating officer to ask the medical team to give sense to the intricate medical jargons.The contradiction is more apparent when the medical board said in its first report, \"The person examined, Pinki Pramanik, is incapable of performing intercourse like that of an adult male in ordinary course of nature, because rudimentary phallus with very small corpora cavernosa and corpus spongiosum with no urethral opening within and presence of perineal hypospadias, as note.\"Under the law, rape can only be committed by a man. A woman cannot rape a man, although she may be guilty of an indecent assault upon him.In his final report, Professor Kahali wrote, \"In response to the above, I am to inform you that no proper erection of penis (phallus) is possible in this case because of the reason cited in the report of the medical board dated 10.7.2012 of SSKM hospital.However, mere attempt of friction/penetration like that of a minor (with no proper erection) can't be ruled out which may not be detectable at the time of medical examination.Since, negative medical evidence does not exclude rape, which is a legal term, no further opinion can be given in this instant case.\" The report also attaches the medico-legal interpretation of rape which doesn't rule it out in Pinki's case.\"Mere medical reports aren't enough if these are not backed by physical evidence. In this case, even the latter \u00e2\u20ac\u201d according to legal opinion taken \u00e2\u20ac\u201d indicates the victim's rape complaint is true and hence the charge sheet,\" said Bidhannagar police commissioner Rajeev Kumar .\"A charge sheet isn't final, it has to pass judicial scrutiny,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17221986", "title": "Dial hotline for an auto", "text": "BANGALORE: Hitching a ride on one of those green-and-yellow machines just got simpler: just dial for one.Autowale, an online commuting agency, set up its dial-an-auto service in Bangalore. All you have to do is call the hotline - the auto will be at your doorstep and you can pay the fare after you alight. The service is available 24x7.Autowale first began services in Pune, before moving to Bangalore. It was set up by Mukesh Chandra Jha and Janardhan Prasad, two IIT-Kanpur students who were hassled by errant autorickshaw drivers in Pune.Over 100 autorickshaws are attached to the online service, which covers Jayanagar, JP Nagar, Koramangala, HSR Layout, Hosur, Domlur, Whitefield, MG Road, Shivajinagar, Majestic and surrounding areas. Trips are available to bus and railway stations and for children heading to and from schools.The caller to the hotline has to give details of the pick-up point and destination. The caller's mobile phone will receive a text message, confirming the trip. The online service zeroes in on its subscriber base and uses the location tracking system to pick the nearest autorickshaw. Details are texted to the driver, who picks up the commuter.Jha and Prasad conducted extensive surveys about commuting patterns, commuters' complaints and economics of the autorickshaw business before seeing an opportunity in a problem situation.The service website, , also has a complaints page where commuters can write in grievances against the driver or trip.\"We did research in auto-economics for a couple of years and understood how drivers could also benefit by a system like this. We also have a rating system for drivers and reward them for good conduct,\" said Jha, co-founder, Autowale.He said their operations will cover the entire city in a month. There is also a plan to widen the autorickshaw subscription base. At present, the Autowale hotline gets about 100 calls, but Jha said all calls don't translate into business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17223558", "title": "Panjab University wants government to treat students as campus \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcresidents\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The logjam over mess price hike in Panjab University inched towards resolution with officials announcing a campaign to get food subsidy sanctioned in all Indian universities through the University Grants Commission.Addressing students who have been on hunger strike for the past several days, PU officials said they would press for the government to treat students as \"residents\" of universities. \"Since they live on campus for 10 months every year, they must be treated as residents. Students are part of the family of this institution. The productive and positive outcome of the protest is that we will take this issue further on behalf of other universities as well,\" the Panjab University vice-chancellor said.According to Prof Arun Kumar Grover, who was addressing mediapersons during a press conference at the senate hall on Wednesday, the university has been approaching senior government functionaries to seek subsidy for students. University officials said they would write to the prime minister and cabinet ministers who are alumni of the university, secretaries of various ministries such as petroleum, human resource development and finance , senior functionaries of the UT Administration, among others.Officials have also written to the UGC chairman asking for the incorporation of the issue of fuel subsidy for residents in university hostels in the higher education budget of the Central government as part of the national policy on education. \"The University has explored all possible options, including appealing to government bodies to provide relief in the current economic situation,\" Prof Grover stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17221339", "title": "Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray critical, put on life support system", "text": "MUMBAI: The health condition of Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray turned \"very critical\" Wednesday night. Speaking to PTI, doctors said Bal Thackeray is on life support system.Thackeray, 86, is in a \"very critical\" condition, doctors treating the Sena leader told a news agency.As the news spread , several party workers assembled outside his residence, 'Matoshree', in suburban Bandra, where security has been stepped up.Bollywood superstar Amitabh Bachchan along with his son Abhishek visited the Shiv Sena leader. Thackeray's nephew MNS chief Raj Thackeray was also seen at 'Matoshree'.Thackeray, who is ailing for sometime, continues to be under constant medical supervision.A team of doctors stationed inside 'Matoshree' with nursing staff has been taking care of the Sena patriarch, who is having breathing problems.Last month, he could not attend his party's annual Dussehra rally in Mumbai, but addressed it through a video recorded message.Several leaders, including former President Pratibha Patil , have visited Thackeray's residence over the past few days to enquire about his health.Sena supremo Bal Thackeray critical, put on life support system", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17222691", "title": "Festivity goes up in smoke", "text": "BHOPAL: While a good number in the city were busy celebrating Diwali, seven-year-old Arun was in close doors praying for the festival to get over soon. Arun suffers from asthma. He was rushed to a hospital after an attack on the festival eve. Discharged, he had to stay indoors with his house doors and windows tight shut till the time revelry in the neighborhood ended.\"It is difficult to stay indoors as well. I wasn't prepared and did not cover my face while my friends started bursting crackers,\" said Arun, who has been advised by his doctor to remain extra careful.Arun is not alone. As it spells trouble for them, the excessive smoke forced a lot of people to stay indoors during Diwali. According to estimates, respiratory problems like asthma and bronchitis affects more than 10%-12% of adult population while the ratio is much higher in children. \"An estimated 15 to 18 per cent of children under 15 years of age suffer from asthma and related disorders,\" said associate professor (chest medicine) of Gandhi medical college, Dr Lokendra Dave.\"Severe causes of skin allergy are also noticed after Diwali. People must be aware of those things and should take treatment concerned,\" said skin specialist Dr Sumit Soni.Experts say that during the bursting of crackers, levels of sulphur dioxide in air rises by as much as 200 per cent.A combination of changing weather and smoke from the crackers affected elderly patients in the city as well. About half a dozen cases of increased cough and chest congestion were reported at JP hospital alone. \"Chest infections especially amongst children have taken up new severity,\" said child specialist Dr Rakesh Sukheja.\"Those already having problems need to take precautions by wearing masks, avoiding going out and increasing the frequency of their inhaling medicines,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17226492", "title": "Alex Pandian audio release postponed", "text": "After Kamal's Viswaroopam it's Karthi's Alex Pandian's audio release that seems to be postponed. The audio launch of the Karthi - Anushka starrer Alex Pandian seems to have run into a road block of some sort.The audio launch date was fixed for the 24th of Nov but looks like now its been postponed again. The event was due to take place some time back and Devi Sree Prasad had been working at super speed to get the work done.The producers of the film, Studio Green earlier stated that the release date of the film has been pushed to Pongal 2013 after delays in post production. According to Studio Green, the producers, the audio launch date has been changed again. Further details are awaited.Devi Sri Prasad has composed the music for Alex Pandian and Karthi himself has showered praise for the music director's work after listening to the tracks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17221987", "title": "Carnatic music touches a high note as aficionados log on to web radio", "text": "CHENNAI: Musician Ritvik Raja always has his music player at hand when he is touring to give Carnatic concerts. But on the days he forgets his iPod , Raja flips through a few online radio stations that play Carnatic music 24x7 and settles on one of them to get his dose of classical songs.\"The audience for Carnatic music is getting bigger,\" says musician K N Shashikiran, who recently launched a channel dedicated to Carnatic music. \"Earlier, the market was mainly in the US but now there are regular concerts being held in countries like New Zealand and Australia.\"The Carnatic Channel, launched on November 12, is broadcast on www.radiowalla.in and features live events, concerts and full-length shows, says Shashikiran, creative head. He will curate the subscription channel along with upcoming singer Deepika V. Another such channel, www.ctunesfm.com, was launched in January by Charsur Digital Workstation, a city arts foundation. Other channels include www.carnaticradio.com, www.sangeethapriya.org and www.sunaadaradio.com.Internet radio stations are catering to a select but growing set of listeners. \"Most FM channels have only film songs. Now, if I miss those few slots where FM channels play Carnatic music, I can go online,\" says Raja.The biggest consumers of these channels are Indians settled abroad. \"Many of them, who cannot come down for the December music season can listen to the concerts live as we are tying up with some sabhas to broadcast them,\" says Shashikiran of Carnatica Brothers, a vocalist duo. The channel broadcast concerts from the recently-concluded Bharat Sangeet Utsav 2012 from Sri Parthsarathy Swami Sabha.S Niranjan Nanthagopan, the Singapore-based founder of www.carnaticradio.com, says he started the free radio channel two years ago to take Carnatic music to youngsters. Most of his listeners are from the US and India. \"I started the channel because I missed all the Navaratri concerts when I moved to Singapore in 2004,\" he says. Nanthagopan plays his own collection of recordings and listeners also pitch in with their CDs and tapes, including rare recitals by Carnatic greats.Nanthagopan's venture took off right after the satellite radio network Worldspace went out of operation in 2009. \"It had a channel that showed that it was possible to have a regular FM channel exclusively around Carnatic music,\" says Raja. The trend caught on when people like Nanthagopan realised that you can tap a listener-base across the world through an internet radio and not worry about small numbers of classical music fans in a town or a city.\"The radio app I launched for Apple products have had 1,000 downloads and it is just word-of-mouth publicity so far. When I get 500 visitors per month for the channel, I am planning to set up a studio in Singapore,\" says Nanthagopan, who is planning to launch an android app during the upcoming music season.Shashikiran's channel is also available on multiple platforms, from mobiles to laptops. \"We have created iPhone and android mobile apps,\" says the musician, whose channel has chat shows and music learning sessions.According to musicians like singer T M Krishna, programming will be key even as internet helps channels to reach out to fans. \"Internet radio has a big role to play as mainstream channels don't give much space to classical arts. But it will attract more people only when the programming is done intelligently,\" says Krishna, who started livecasting his December music season concerts since last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17221190", "title": "Kolkata celebrates 'quietest Diwali'", "text": "KOLKATA: It seems the city has grown responsible, finally. Police and Pollution Control Board (PCB) claimed that this was one of the quietest Diwalis Kolkata has ever witnessed.They feel that sustained campaigns against high-decibel crackers have yielded the desired result, which enforcement alone could never have done. It is the growing awareness about the environment and empathy for other animals and birds has made all the change possible.Chairman of PCB, Binoy Kumar Dutta, said: \"This year we received less than 50% of the complaints that we receive other years. I consider this a big progress. A shift in awareness has facilitated such change in the psyche of citizens. On the day of Diwali, we received only 66 complaints, half of what we receive on any other Diwali.\"According to joint commissioner (headquarters) Jawed Shamim, this was \"the quietest Diwali\" he has ever seen in the city. \"There were some stray cases of bursting crackers here and there. We took immediate action. In Behala, there were cases of bursting crackers and we immediately cracked down on them,\" he said.The city police arrested 829 people and seized 573kg of crackers. \"This is insignificant compared to the arrest and seizure figures of previous years. The arrests generally cross the 2000 mark,\" added Shamim.The city police had launched a campaign at the school level and also among citizens' groups to send across the message that bursting of crackers causes damage to the environment, in turn affecting the ailing and elderly people. It is also harmful to animal and bird life. Police held rallies and distributed leaflets among the people.But what really worked is round-the-clock surveillance and check at different entry and exit points of the city.\"We made sure that no crackers enter the city from the major fireworks manufacturing dens like Champahati and Nungi in South 24-Parganas. We also tried to restrict the sale of fireworks in three or four major markets. This helped us to maintain a greater vigilance on the buying and selling of crackers,\" he said.But still a lot o people have burst high decibel crackers throughout the Tuesday night.Cops, however, admitted that it was next to impossible to turn Diwali completely quiet. \"It is next to impossible to turn Diwali completely quiet.The effort is to make Diwali tolerable for most of the citizens,\" Earlier, people used to be absolutely reckless in bursting crackers. At least we have managed to put that reckless under a leash\", said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17222411", "title": "Major NMC reshuffle tomorrow", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is all set to witness major reshuffle in the administration. Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane has decided to transfer many of its top officials from one department to other on November 16. Whether the transfers are a part of administrative work or being done following consistent pressure from the office-bearers to transfer a couple of officials will be clear only later.Sources at NMC told TOI that Wardhane had asked deputy municipal commissioners Rizwan Siddiqui, Ravindra Kumbhare and Sanjay Kakade to submit draft of the transfer list. \"Wardhane also discussed the issue with additional municipal commissioner Hemant Pawar and decided to finalize the list on Friday. Many officials, especially assistant commissioners who head the zones and also a few departments, are likely to be transferred,\" said sources.Office-bearers including mayor Anil Sole and leader of ruling party Praveen Datke are demanding transfer of officials who have completed three years in one department. The demand came up following pressure from independent corporators, especially chairman of Octroi committee Kishor Dorle, who wants transfer of just a couple of officials, particularly of assistant commissioner (Octroi) Milind Meshram. The decision is also against Wardhane's earlier stand that there would be no reshuffle for at least six months since his joining. The immediate past civic chief Sanjeev Jaiswal had decided against effecting any transfers during his tenure despite pressure.Wardhane has also decided to transfer many officials from the water works department to other departments. A senior NMC official told TOI that a few engineers in WWD are from property tax department or eligible to work as assistant tax assessors. \"All ten posts of assistant tax assessors are vacant and will be filled,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "belize city", "code": "17222753", "title": "On the run, McAfee denies murdering neighbour", "text": "BELIZE CITY: Anti-virus software pioneer John McAfee said on Tuesday that he was moving every four hours to avoid Belizean police who want to question him about the murder of his neighbour, a fellow American.Belizean police said they want to question McAfee, 67, about the murder of Florida native Gregory Faull, who was found dead in a pool of blood at his home by his housekeeper on Sunday.McAfee, founder of the eponymous anti-virus company, told CNBC television that he had been \"accused of something I didn't do\". He said he was staying on the move out of fear for his own safety, worried that police want to \"shake him down\" and extort money from him.A police report said Faull, 52, was shot in the back of the head. There were no signs of a break-in, and a laptop and cell phone were missing.\"We are looking for McAfee to interrogate him,\" police spokesman Raphael Martinez said. He emphasized that McAfee was \"not suspected of murder\".Martinez added that the three people who worked for McAfee are under interrogation. Police raided McAfee's mansion on Ambergris Caye, an island off the northeastern coast of Belize, late on Sunday to question the millionaire about the murder.Earlier in the year, police searched McAfee's mansion looking for weapons and drugs, and detained him for several hours. The software millionaire however claimed he was arrested because he refused to make a donation to a local politician's campaign.McAfee, who made millions when he sold his anti-virus software company in the early 1990s, has been living in Belize for the past four years.Wired Magazine said McAfee had been hiding on his property during the police raid, burying himself in the sand with a cardboard box over his head so he could breathe. \"It was extraordinarily uncomfortable,\" McAfee told the magazine. \"But they will kill me if they find me.\"Asked about the shooting of his neighbour, McAfee said he knew \"nothing\" other than he had been shot. He even said he was worried that Faull's killers had actually been looking for him.\"Under no circumstances am I going to willingly talk to the police in this country,\" McAfee added. \"You can say I'm paranoid about it but they will kill me, there is no question. They've been trying to get me for months. They want to silence me. I am not well liked by the prime minister. I am just a thorn in everybody's side.\"McAfee also owns a security company in Belize as well as several properties, an ecological enterprise and a water taxi and ferry business. He had started McAfee Associates in 1989.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "17221067", "title": "Rourkela Steel Plant staff dies in factory accident", "text": "ROURKELA: An employee of Rourkela Steel Plant died in an accident on the factory premises on Wednesday. Pradeep Kumar Bahala (34), a doorman in the guide car of coke ovens battery no. 1B, slipped and fell while it was descending. He was crushed between the guide car and coke ovens. \"RSP will provide all possible support to the bereaved family,\" stated G S Prasad, the CEO of RSP. He has also assured that Bahala's wife will be provided a job. An inquiry was ordered into the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17229295", "title": "Catherine Zeta-Jones reveals fitness secret", "text": "Catherine Zeta-Jones has revealed that she stays slim by hula hooping and swimming every day.The 43-year-old actress said that she doesn't need a personal trainer, as she loves exercising and does it for at least 45 minutes everyday.\"I don't have a trainer. Crazy, right? But I don't need anyone to motivate me. I love exercise, even things like the elliptical and stretching,\" Contactmusic quoted her as telling InStyle magazine.\"I'm obsessed with hula-hooping. I do it for 20 minutes a day. I don't use the old-fashioned hollow plastic kind we had when we were kids, but I discovered a new one at Danskin that's smaller and weighted.\"I'm lucky to have a pool at my house in Westchester. I do laps for half hour a day where I can. I either work out in the house or, when I'm at our apartment in Manhattan, at an Equinox. I do at least 45 minutes a day, seven days a week,\" she said.The mother-of-two also admitted that she tries to stick to a healthy diet most of the time.\"I don't deny myself food. I'm no saint. I love butter and cream, but I also eat lots of grains and fruits,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17223105", "title": "PGI paper leak: CBI yet to identify actual beneficiaries", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even four days after the busting of the paper leak scam of MD/MS entrance exam of Postgraduate Institute of Medical Education and Research (PGIMER), Chandigarh, CBI sleuths are yet to ascertain the identities of actual beneficiaries. Although CBI had managed to get four-day remand of the arrested 15 accused, they have failed to find out anything concrete about beneficiaries so far during interrogation. Earlier, CBI had said that there were 20 beneficiaries but now they are maintaining that this number could vary.However, many questions have been raised upon the casual attitude of CBI as they focused only upon those seven decoy candidates about whom they had got tip-off. But there were 7000 candidates, including actual beneficiaries who managed to go scot-free.\"I do not know that from where this 20 number has come. We are yet to confirm the number of actual beneficiaries. Their number could be more or less but at this time we are not sure about this. The interrogation of the arrested accused is on and we are also scrutinizing the details of other candidates. Our probe is on and we are looking into all angles so it is taking time,\" Mahesh Aggarwal, CBI's deputy inspector general, Chandigarh, told TOI.Ending speculations about the arrest of more accused from Hyderabad, Aggarwal maintained that CBI has not arrested anyone from this south Indian city.Working on the tip-off, CBI had raided different examination centres in the city on Saturday (November 10) and arrested seven women, who were sent in the hall as decoy candidates to leak the question paper. On the basis of their questioning, CBI had arrested eight more accused (one woman and seven men) from a hotel in Sector 35. All of them are in CBI remand and would be produced in the CBI special court on Thursday.\"We would appeal to the court for further remand. Investigation officers have extracted many substantial details regarding this scam but we could not divulge them at this moment,\" P K Dogra, CBI special counsel, told TOI.Besides, CBI had arrested a subject expert K Gangadhar Reddy, who was acting as the link between the kingpin and the beneficiaries, on Saturday (November 10). He was brought to the city on transit remand and produced before the duty magistrate on November 12.CBI to take help of forensic experts:From the arrested accused, CBI had seized many hitech devices like smart phones, micro earphones and small Bluetooth enabled devices. CBI is taking the help of forensic scientists to scrutinize these devices to explore more about their history, source and other secret uses. Sources said that all of these were bought from a Delhi-based wholesaler, who deals with electronic goods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17221397", "title": "Bengali sweet tooth takes an upper hand", "text": "KOLKATA: It's that time of the year when we crave for sweets. As we bid adieu to the festive season with a heavy heart, perhaps nothing could lift up spirits like a box of sandesh or a pot of rosogollas or a cup of creamy rabri, for that matter. On the eve of bhai-phonta, sweet shops across the city were brimming with delicious offerings that many would find hard to resist.From Nakur Nandi and Bhim Nag in north Kolkata to Banchharam and Balaram Mullick in the south, sweet-addicts are spoilt for choice. Even a sharp rise in prices has not deterred mishti-lovers from flocking to their favourite shops.At Balaram Mullick and Radha Raman Mullick of Bhowanipore, sweets were flying off the racks fast. Such is the rush that each variety of sweet is being prepared throughout the day and not just the famous ones.\"Chhanar pudding, souffle sandesh, mango, pineapple and chocolate fudge sweets are the new entrants this season. There is a great demand for these sweets. We have stopped taking orders for the past three days,\" said Priyanka Mullick, relationship manager at Balaram Mullick and Radharaman Mullick.At Bancharam, the festive season has seen a sharp rise in sales. \"It is indeed very difficult to quantify the increase in demand. But I would peg it around 10% to 15% more than last year,\" said Subhajit Ghosh, one of the directors of Bancharam. Among the top draws are - Mango Abar Khabo, Ice-cream sandesh with both varieties of jaggery filling and jaggery topping. \"We have opened three shops in Bangalore. So high is the demand for sweets even among Bengalis stationed outside the state that sales have soared even in Bangalore,\" Ghosh added.Nandini Adak, standing in a queue outside Nakur Nandi at Beadon Street for a long time, did not mind the wait. \"We live in Shibpur at Howrah. Bhai Phonta is a special occasion and, thus, I do not mind the wait. Their quality is unparalleled. I hope by the time I reach the counter, my favourite sandesh still remains in the store,\" she smiled.Pranab Nandi, partner at Nakur Nandi said: \"We have been forced to increase the price of sweets by Rs 20 per kilo from last year. But like every year, this time too we have done brisk business. We are not taking any orders. Despite trying to meet the demands, customers may have to stand for quite sometime to get their desired Sandesh if they are picky and choosy.\"At Bhim Chandra Nag, too, the crowd jostled at the counter. \"I am afraid my favourite sweets may vanish before I reach the counter,\" said Sutapa Mazumdar, a resident of Shyambazar. Another customer, J.L.Roy, who lives in Bhowanipore, could finally lay his hands on his favourite 'Abar-Khabo' after waiting for quite sometime.\"It is absolutely worth the wait,\" he smiled. \"We can't even meet the demand at times. Of course, there are customers who have to select other sweets in the absence of their favourites. But our specialities have a loyal fan following,\" added Pradip Nag, proprietor of Bhim Chandra Nag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17232287", "title": "Great to see F1 return to such a promising market: Narain Karthikeyan", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the long Formula One season winds down to an end, one team is going through its most turbulent time. HRT owners Thesan Capital have put the team up for sale ahead of the last two races of the season. If the owners fail to find a buyer by the end of this year, the Spanish team might well cease to exist.The back-markers of the F1 grid have a bigger challenge at hand as F1 returns to America for the United States Grand Prix this weekend. The city of Austin in Texas will host the United States Grand Prix for the first time from the 16th to the 18th of November at the brand new Circuit of The Americas.The first ever Formula 1 United States Grand Prix took place in 1959 at the Sebring International Raceway in Florida with Bruce McLaren of Australia taking the win. This will be the 33rd edition and the sixth different circuit to stage the race.\"The Circuit of The Americas looks like a promising layout, lots of parts from different circuits around the world but what I'm looking forward to most is the massively uphill turn one. These gradient changes do well to add to the circuit's character as we've seen in India so it is going to be a challenging layout. So as a driver, it would be up to us to do the maximum number of laps possible on Friday to learn the circuit and get the base set-up right and then take it from there,\" HRT driver Narain Karthikeyan said.\"I raced in Formula 1 the last time it was in America, back at Indianapolis in 2005 and then NASCAR in 2010 and I really enjoyed racing there; the fan following is huge. So it would be great to see Formula 1 being successful in such a promising market and hopefully with this new facility and an entertaining circuit, it will happen soon enough,\" the Chennai driver added.The Circuit of The Americas is a medium-high downforce track and not too demanding on the brakes. There is a forty metre elevation change on the straight before the first corner, which is a blind downhill left-hand hairpin which will test the ability of all drivers. However, the biggest question mark is regarding the behaviour of the tyres as that is the only factor that the simulators can't predict. Pirelli has elected its medium and hard tyres for this Grand Prix.\"The truth is we don't know much about this circuit. All I know about it is from what I've seen on the Internet. The first thing that strikes you about this track is the number of gradient changes and how extreme they are,\" Pedro De La Rosa said.\"The important thing is for our car to adapt well to this circuit and we will dedicate Friday to learning the track and setting up the car. The choice of medium and hard tyres seems, on paper, an election of quite hard compounds. But until we don't confirm the grip of the asphalt it will be difficult to draw any conclusions,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17221221", "title": "Govt servant gets 3 months jail for assault", "text": "PANAJI: A judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) court sentenced Sudhakar Palkar, a government servant, to three months of simple imprisonment for assaulting Mukund Parwar with a 'wooden danda' at Harijanwaddo, Bicholim, in 2011.The court has convicted Sudhakar under Section 324 (voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons) of the Indian Penal Code and directed him to pay a fine of 2,000. The court has acquitted his wife Sarita, who was also charged by the prosecution.According to the prosecution, on May 12, 2011, Sudhakar and his wife abused Parwar with filthy language before assaulting him with slaps and kicks. Sudhakar also assaulted the complainant with a wooden danda, the prosecution alleged.During the hearing of the case, Sudhakar's lawyer filed an application seeking benefit under the Probation of Offender's (PoO) Act. He also argued that Sudhakar is a government servant and a lenient view may be taken as he has to look after his family.On the other hand, assistant public prosecutor P Narulkar contended that the accused cannot be dealt with lightly.While dismissing the application seeking benefit under the PoO Act, judge Sudhir S Shirgaonkar observed thus: \"Considering the quantum of punishment provided, accused No. 1 (Sudhakar)cannot be just released with fine amount and appropriate imprisonment has to be imposed.\"The court also noted that any person or citizen who is a Government Servant carries more responsibilities on his shoulders to behave in a lawful manner and to uphold the dignity and respect of the law and also of the other citizens.\"The accused no. 1 being a government servant, he earns his livelihood through the salary provided by the government and the said salary definitely comes through the tax deposited or paid by the sincere tax payers of this country. Therefore, accused No. 1 cannot be dealt with lightly, but he deserves to be given appropriate punishment taking into consideration the nature of offence committed by him,\" the court observed.If the fine amount is realized, then an amount of 1,000 is to be paid to the complainant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17221211", "title": "Group proposes changes to students' scheme", "text": "MARGAO: The all-Goa private bus owners' association (AGPBOA) members have demanded that certain changes be made to the 50% concession scheme provided to students. The scheme should be valid only from the student's place of residence to the institute, they said, giving the government eight days to implement the same.While addressing mediapersons on Wednesday, AGPBOA president Shailendra Phaldesai said that the association has demands with the transport department for the last five years, including their grievances with the student concession scheme.Regarding the scheme for students, AGBPOA members demanded that there be a provision that a student's identity card must carry the timings of the institute, validity of the ID card and that the identity card should not be valid on holidays.\"Some of our other demands are permission for putting up hoardings or advertisements on buses, subsidy scheme to the private buses on completion of 12 years as in the case of KTC buses and to increase the amount of the subsidy scheme for purchase of buses from 3.50 lakh to 5 lakh,\" said Phaldesai.AGPBOA members criticized the transport department for failing to complete the construction of the KTC bus stand in Margao despite having laid the foundation stone during the tenure of the previous government.The members said that the government should complete the Margao bus stand first, before making tall claims about constructing bus stands in Quepem and other such places. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17226849", "title": "Working with Kaka was a pleasure: Vishwajeet Pradhan", "text": "\"Emptiness will always cripple me,\" says Vishwajeet Pradhan who has worked with Rajesh Khanna in his last film Riyasat.Rajesh Khanna sudden demise was a shock for Vishwajeet. He says, \"I am completely was taken aback after I heard of his sudden death. We all thought we would be better and join us back in the film.\"Vishwajeet plays a solicitor in the last film India's first superstar while Khanna portrayed a big business tycoon. \"In the film I am working with kakaji who manages all this business. We have had a quiet a lot of scenes together in the film. It was a pleasure working with him in this film though it was for a short period of time,\" says he.Having worked with many actors from the industry he still feels no one can even touch Rajesh Khanna's style and mannerism of talk. \"The style of his talk was so different even when we were not acting. The warmth he had for the crew and cast was immense. He is a legend and I am privileged,\" says he.He further adds, \"Even when he was ill and he used to come on sets he was so happy. He was the centre of attention and attraction both. Kakaji used to bring a certain amount of happiness with him.\" When probed him about Anita Advani and his relation with her. He says, \"Since we had quite lot scenes together. I have always seen Rajesh Khanna coming on the sets with his secretary only and no one from his family. I don't know much about Anita Advani too.\"After working with Rajesh Khanna, Amitabh Bachchan , Vishwajeet feels that actors nowadays have a very short span of success life unlike older days. So, what is going wrong? He says, \"I doubt India will ever see a star of his stature. These days new crop of actors come and go. Their success rate is very low. I feel when a new comer acts in his first film. He starts feeling top of world and nature changes due to the stardom. And, then downfall starts to happen.\"Vishwajeet has acted in many films as cop even when he acted in TV he was police officer. Does he feel he is being typecasted? \"It has happened with me that I get a role of a cop for a film. Few directors typecast you if you do that particular role well. But, it is the actor who has to decide whether he fits in that role or not. Earlier I had no choice but to take up roles of same genre all the time. But, now I don't.\" What are the new projects he is working on? He says, \"I have many films in the pipeline right now like Sher, My Friend Ganesha part 4 and Saturday Night, a party film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "pissurlem", "code": "17221288", "title": "Avalmol fields parched as perennial stream dries up", "text": "PISSURLEM: It's the ultimate irony. Though the pits around wear a deserted look thanks to the mining ban currently under way in the state, the lone, perennial stream watering Avalmol has dried up this season.The decades of mining activities in this hamlet of Pissurlem in Sattari taluka have finally taken a toll on the stream, point out the tribal Gawda families who call Avalmol home.The threat posed by the dried-up stream is dire. It waters the horticultural plantations and fields that are largely the lone sources of income for the families here.\"Two generations of my family have toiled to raise this kullaghar,\" says Avadu Gajanan Gawde, a tribal widow.\"It not only provides us with food, but also fuel (wood) and other resources,\" she says of the areca nut, coconut, nutmeg, pineapple, banana, growing in the plantation.Pointing to the mined hills around the property, she says it's been a struggle to protect the kullaghar. \"Though mining companies had approached us to purchase our land, we refused to sell. But with the flowing water of Sukad Vhal disappearing we are really afraid for our land,\" she cries.The widow's family has submitted a memorandum to the village panchayat at Pissurlem. Another horticulturist, Devanand Gawde, 42, alleges, \"There were three mines operating in our vicinity and they all mined below the ground water table which is why the perennial stream flowing from Pisodevache tole has dried up.\"Pointing out that the stream's water watered his family's plantation in Survey Nos. 21/1, 22/2 and 22/3, he says, \"This is the first time we are facing this problem.\"Pushpa Gawade, 35, too is facing a dilemma, whether to continue the cultivation of local varieties of vegetables this season or not.\"Every year, during winter, we cultivate local varieties of vegetables, amaranth, raddish, chillies, chickpea etc. This year, since there is no water in the stream, we are facing major problems while cultivating,\" she says.Pissurlem sarpanch Vijay Parab told TOI, \"I have received the memorandum and will inform government officials concerned to take necessary steps to solve this irrigation problem faced by Avalmol's tribals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17223107", "title": "High court transfers student\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s murder case to crime investigation department", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Monday ordered transfer of a murder case to the CB-CID after it was alleged that the police failed to conduct a fair investigation into the incident.The bench passed the order following a criminal original petition filed by the 16-year-old victim's father, I Krishnamoorthy of Ragalapuram village in Dindigul district.In his petition, the father contended that his son Dinesh Kumar, who was studying class 11 at the Government Higher Secondary School, Vemparpatti village in Dindigul district, was murdered on April 1, 2010.Krishnamoorthy, who is a dairyman, belonged to the scheduled caste (SC) community. Every evening, he used to take his son for work to Pungampadi village. While so, his son fell in love with the daughter of one Pitchaimuthu, who belonged to the Christian community. When the girl's parents came to know about this, they did not accept their daughter's love affair with a lower caste boy and also threatened him, according to the petitioner.On April 1, 2010, Krishnamoorthy found his son returning home from Pungampadi, where he had gone to deliver milk, with severe blood injuries. He immediately rushed his son to the hospital where the doctor declared him dead.The Sanarapatti police registered a case on April 2 under Section 302 (murder) of the IPC based on a complaint by Krishnamoorthy.However, the police did not conduct a fair investigation in the murder case so far, even after a representation was preferred to the district collector. This was because, the accused are politically and economically influenced persons, the petitioner alleged.Hence, the petitioner in his petition sought transfer of the investigation to the CB-CID. After hearing the petition, Justice M M Sundaresh, ordered the case to be transferred to the CB-CID.\"Since the case is under investigation for more than two-and-a-half years with no results, the court transferred the case to the CBCID for investigation,\" the judge told in the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17221975", "title": "Man kills friend over cooking meat", "text": "CHENNAI: A 25-year-old man from Uttar Pradesh stabbed his friend to death after a fight broke out over cooking, at Korrukupet on Monday.Police said Ramu alias Ramu Paswan and Fiaz Muni, 24, both from Uttar Pradesh were working as painters and shared a house for around seven months. The two fought frequently over trivial issues.On Monday night, Ramu brought some meat to cook, which Fiaz opposed. Subsequently he picked up an argument with Fiaz, which turned into a scuffle. A little later Fiaz left, and was talking to his wife over phone, when Ramu stabbed him from behind with a kitchen knife.Police said both were drunk when the fight broke out. Hearing Fiaz scream, a few neighbours gathered and took him to a hospital where he was declared brought dead.They handed over Ramu to Korrukupet police. Police have registered a murder case and arrested Ramu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17221076", "title": "Civil society, cops differ on encounter", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Wednesday's police operation against the Sabyasachi Panda-led rebel faction in which five suspected cadres were killed has not gone down well with the civil society group negotiating for his surrender. But senior police officials defended the action and even sounded confident of catching the elusive rebel leader \"dead or alive\" soon.\"We are deeply dismayed at the police action when the peace process is on. We are all for giving non-violence a chance and had been trying our best to persuade Sabyasachi Panda to surrender and join the mainstream. We had also met the director general of police (DGP) and the home secretary in this regard. They appeared quite favorable to our idea. But Wednesday's incident has all but marred our effort,\" Radhamohan, who was part of the civil society group, said.Radhamohan said even Sabyasachi himself had publicly responded to their call and had promised to abjure violence as long as security forces did not attack him or his group. He said Panda had openly asked the civil society members to instead persuade the government to stop police action against him.Sabyasachi's wife, Subhashree alias Mili Panda, reacted sharply against the government and said Wednesday's police action had exposed the double standard of the present regime. \"I am sad and distressed that police chose to attack my husband when he has given up violence and was in the process of returning to the mainstream. This proves that the government is not interested in allowing peace to prevail in Odisha. Wednesday's incident smacks of deep rooted conspiracy in the administration for keeping the atmosphere volatile and tense,\" Mili, who was arrested as a suspected Maoist and released from jail after nearly two and half years following the court acquitting her, said.Subhashree accused the government of 'targeting her husband' while being 'totally helpless to face the Maoists belonging to the Andhra Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC) regularly killing people and destroying public property in Malkangiri district and nearby areas.' \"I suspect the incident is likely to exacerbate the prevailing situation,\" she remarked.\"It was a cold blooded murder by the police. The men in uniform killed the Maoists when they were asleep. I condemn the police action,\" Dandapani Mohanty, one of the three interlocutors, who negotiated with the government for release of two Italians kidnapped by the Sabyasachi Panda group in March, said.Former Lok Sabha MP and retired IG, Anadi Sahu, however justified the police action. \"The incident will definitely boost the police morale. More importantly, the district voluntary forces (DVFs), who are not sufficiently trained to undertake anti-Maoist operations, took part in the encounter and proved their worth. It is time Sabyasachi Panda surrenders without delay,\" Sahu said. \"Sabyasachi Panda must know that he has no public support on his side. He is now neither with the CPI (Maoist) nor coming forward to surrender. He will pay a heavy price,\" BJP leader and former IG, said.Police officials however were tightlipped to respond to the critics of the anti-Maoist operation. They said they decided to launch the operation against Sabyasachi Panda after learning that post his expulsion from the CPI (Maoist) Party in July he was trying to expand his cadre strength. \"Sabyasachi Panda had been using the surrender talk as a cover to consolidate his position. He had recently recruited 10 youth to his Odisha Maobadi Party (OMP) and was in fact conducting a training camp near Govindapur panchayat in Ganjam district when the DVFs and members of the Special Operation Group (SOG) attacked them,\" said a senior police official.\"Sabyasachi was earlier confined to just four districts of Ganjam, Kandhamal, Rayagada and Gajapati. But he had recently expanded his base to other districts like Nuapada, Balangir, Bargarh and Koraput from where posters asking people to join his OMP were seized,\" the police official said requesting anonymity. \"For the government there is no difference between an Odia, Telugu or Chhatisgarhi Maoists. Sabyasachi Panda has been deliberately trying to rake up the Odia bogey only to garner sympathy for him. But that is unlikely to cut any ice in public,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17220955", "title": "Indian women's team in quarters of World Squash Championship", "text": "CHENNAI: Indian women's squash team scripted history by entering the quarterfinals of the WSF Women's World Team Championship in Nimes, France on Wednesday.This is the first time that the women's team has made it to the last-eight stage of the tournament in its third participation in the event which started in 1979.The Indian girls had finished 18th In Denmark in 2002, while they secured the 11th spot in the last edition held in 2010 in New Zealand.After defeating higher-ranked Ireland and Argentina in the pool stage, India, seeded 10th, defeated The Netherlands (eighth seeds) in the pre-quarterfinals.Anaka Alankamony set the tone against Milou van der Heijden. Anaka showed maturity and resilience in an evenly-contested match to play a basic medium-paced game to overcome her opponent 3-0.Then it was the turn of Dipika Paliikal to take on World No. 2 Natalie Grinham. The world No.13 found the going tough against Natalie initially but she gave it all she had.However, Dipika lost in straight games as her opponent used her drops and lobs efficiently to help her team draw level.In the deciding match, India No. 2 Joshna Chinappa got off to a shaky start, dropping the first game against a charged-up Orla Noom. She gathered herself in the second using effective cross-court drives and drops.The third game was another close call which went Orla's way. Joshna turned the match on its head in the fourth game using a wide array of shots which caught Noom flat-footed. Then on, there was no stopping Joshna.She won the last two games convincingly and ensured that India topped Pool G and made a historic entry into the last eight.\"Our aim was to top the pool and make the quarterfinals. Beating Ireland, Argentina and now The Netherlands has definitely given us a lot of confidence,\" said an elated national coach Cyrus Poncha after the match.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17221719", "title": "Vendors form human chain to demand special rights", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking a break from selling popcorn, candyfloss, colourful balloons and ice cream, street vendors from India Gate joined others like themselves from all over Delhi, on Wednesday, to form a human chain symbolizing their protection and survival.The demonstration was held to build pressure on the Centre to pass a law for securing, organizing and protecting the rights of more than 10 million faceless vendors across India.Not just hands but also the tools of a hawker's trade \u00e2\u20ac\u201d trolleys and carts \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were used in the chain that reminded people around Rajpath about the quiet yet significant role vendors play in not only the retail sector but also street life.Organized by a vendors' organization, National Association of Street Vendors of India, the human chain was organized to mark the International Street Vendors Day. Addressing the participants, NASVI national coordinator Arbind Singh said, as workers, street vendors are equally entitled to organization, representation and social protection as other workers, and they needed inclusive Central legislation, responsive governance and adequate social protection.Last week, NASVI had cited serious deficiencies in the long delayed Street Vendors (Protection of Livelihood and Regulation of Street Vending) Bill. It had apprised Union minister for housing and urban poverty alleviation, Ajay Maken, about the deficiencies. The ministry is now preparing to seek a review of certain provisions in the proposed legislation by the Sharad Yadav-led standing committee of parliament.The Bill hampers the very purpose of the law by leaving it to the municipal bodies to frame important schemes for vendors, a statement from NASVI said, adding that vendors near railway stations and on railway premises have been left out of the purview of this legislation.Maken is planning to take up the matter with not only Sharad Yadav but also railway minister Pawan Kumar Bansal. NASVI is also preparing to petition Yadav. The Bill was introduced in the Lok Sabha in the last session of parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "erode", "code": "17222620", "title": "Beautician held for robbing her neighbour", "text": "ERODE: A 26-year-old beautician was arrested on Wednesday for allegedly stealing eight and a half sovereigns after offering a cup of coffee laced with sedatives to her neighbour at Kurumathurmedu, Gobichettipalayam, on Monday.According to police, Lakshiyammal, a 54-year-old widow was staying with her son Sivakumar at their house in the locality. On Monday morning, Sivakumar left for Mysore on a business trip leaving Lakshmiyammal at home. As soon as Sivakumar left, their neighbour, N Bhoopathy met Lakshmiyammal and invited her for coffee. Lakshmiyammal fell unconscious after having the coffee. When she woke up, Lakshmiyammal found her wardrobe open and gold jewels missing. On his return, Sivakumar filed a police complaint and the officials zeroed in on Bhoopathy after Lakshmiyammal narrated the incident. Bhoopathy refused the allegation that she had given the coffee mixed with sedatives and no gold ornaments were found in her house. However, police found a bottle of sedatives, which was tested at a laboratory. Bhoopathy's husband Vellingiri is a mason and she works with a beauty parlour in Gobichettipalayam. Investigation is on. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17223250", "title": "Hubby sent to jail for techie\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s murder", "text": "BANGALORE: Software engineer Sanjay Chaudhary, who stabbed his wife 11 times at their Marathahalli house on Monday, has confessed that he set out from Delhi earlier in the day to kill her.The 30-year-old accused told police that he bought a silver knife in Delhi to stab Ruchi (28). Sanjay, who was remanded in judicial custody for 14 days, said he was upset with Ruchi because of compatibility issues and that she wasn't financially backing his plans.R Ashok, assistant commissioner of police, who is overseeing the investigation , said they have so far taken up a murder case against Sanjay under section 302 of the IPC. ''We have two witnesses to the incident (Ruchi's parents),\" he said.After arriving from Delhi, Sanjay headed to his Marathahalli apartment and entered into an argument with Ruchi. As the argument turned nasty, Ruchi's parents tried to intervene, but they were pushed aside by their son-in-law.Police said Sanjay pushed their three-year-old daughter and Ruchi's parents out of the house, before locking the door. When a team of HAL police arrived on the spot, they to break open the door to enter. While Sanjay was found slouched on a chair with the knife in his hand, Ruchi's body lay splattered in a pool of blood.Police said Ruchi was stabbed with the silver knife. Sanjay later tried to slash his wrist but survived with minor injuries. Ruchi and Sanjay had a love marriage four years ago. Sanjay told HAL police that his wife did not support him financially in any of the decisions he took, prompting him to kill her.Sanjay's parents are yet to reach Bangalore from New Delhi. The couple's threeyear-old daughter is in the custody of Ruchi's parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17221954", "title": "Tatkal bookings hit as IRCTC site crashes", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day before Bhai Dooj and just four days before Chhath, when the rush to go out of Delhi is at its peak, the crashing of the IRCTC website for a few minutes led to thousands missing a date with their relatives. IRCTC said that the site crashed five minutes after Tatkal bookings began on Wednesday. Sources claimed they received 13 lakh visitors logging on at a time, more than the 10-11 lakh hits it can usually handle.Though the server was back on its feet within the next couple of minutes and its period of slow functioning was restricted to the next 17, just over 53,000 Tatkal bookings could be completed from 10 am to 12 noon. According to sources, it is actually less than the 55,000-60,000 Tatkal bookings made on a day.The IRCTC which immediately began its damage control exercise claimed it is augmenting its capacity of taking hits and will be able to handle up to 30 lakh hits a minute by the end of the next three months.\"We are aware of the problems though they affected our website for just a few minutes. We are working on a slew of measures to address the issue. We hope to improve the situation by the end of the winter break,\" an IRCTC spokesperson said.The site also developed problems last week. There are about three lakh tickets booked online in a single day.Santosh Kumar, who hoped to travel to Dhanbad for his marriage, said he had missed booking his Tatkal ticket even though he used his office computer to do so himself and deputed four of his friends and family members to try and open the site. \"We failed to get a response from the website in the first 40 minutes. By the time the site was normal, all the Tatkal quota tickets on Howrah Rajdhani, Sealdah Rajdhani and Poorva Express were gone,\" he said.IRCTC, however, claims the rush is sometimes too much to handle. \"We have ensured our system is as tout-free as possible. For faster usage, we have installed several iridium servers, increased bandwidth and worked on ways to increase server capacity. But the users are just too many,\" concedes an official, adding that the CRIS, which prepared the software, has \"also been alerted\". According to top IRCTC management, as the Tatkal counters open at 10 am sharp, the number of concurrent connections peaks.\"We have seen a maximum of 8 lakh concurrent connections---it means there are 10 lakh people knocking on our firewalls during the first 10-15 minutes. This number goes up ahead of festivals and summer vacations. We have a capacity for 1,500-2000 successful transactions per minute. There is a congestion naturally,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17221200", "title": "Appoint Urdu teachers immediately: Arjun Munda", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda has asked the state human resource department to fill the posts of Urdu teachers in all government schools at the earliest. Officials in the chief minister's secretariat said there are around 7,000 vacancies for Urdu teachers in primary, middle and high schools. \"The CM has directed the HRD department to take steps to fill the vacant posts. He is serious about filling the vacancies and has asked the HRD director to include the vacancies in teacher eligibility test to be conducted,\" an official said.A senior HRD department official said that the posts are lying vacant for more than a decade leading to high degradation in the level of teaching. Most students who have passed board examinations from Urdu schools do not know the basics of the language as they were never taught other subjects in Urdu.Student union leader S Ali, who also aspires to be a teacher, said, \"As students, we never read any subject other than Urdu in this language. We studied social science, mathematics and science in Hindi. Now, if the state government takes any recruitment test in Urdu, we will fail. My request as a student leader and aspirant will be that if the government takes any recruitment test, it should ask all the aspirants to answer exams for social science,GK and science in Hindi. Otherwise, most aspirants will fail and the posts will remain vacant forever,\" said Ali.To support his stand he citied the consequences of one recruitment examination for Urdu teachers which was taken by state last year. \"Out of the 7,000 aspirants only 32 passed the examination and finally its challenged in the high court and the result was cancelled,\" Ali added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17222499", "title": "Makkala Mane remembers Jawaharlal Nehru", "text": "MYSORE: Children of prisoners and orphans attached to Foundation for Restoring Human Dignity (FORHD), popularly known as 'Makkala Mane', celebrated Children's Day in a meaningful manner and paid homage to India's first prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru on Wednesday.Children studying from class I to class VII presented cultural programmes. The Makkala Mane is home to 27 kids, including 22 children of prisoners, who hope to make it big in life.Ramesh, a class IX student, now aspires to become an IPS officer and wants to help children in distress like him. A native of Gulbarga district, he came to the home three years ago after he lost his mother in a crime and father due to illness.Like Ramesh, Ramya of T Narasipura too lost her mother in a crime and her father was accused in the case and sent to prison. She came to the shelter some nine years ago. Even her sister Keerthi is here.FRHD is the brain-child of former DGP L Revannasiddaiah who started the organization to help children of prisoners and orphans. The Makkala Mane is perhaps the only organization in the state being run for children of prisoners. Revannasiddaiah told TOI that he established the organization after seeing the plight of some of the family members of prisoners when he was heading department of prisons 11 years.Makkala Mane representative Renukaprasad said children were selected by the former DGP by visiting various jails across Karnataka during the month of February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17221416", "title": "Jharkhand's Pre-teen Problems", "text": "RANCHI: At a time when chief minister Arjun Munda is making frenzied efforts to change the image of a state, which has become synonymous with corruption and poor pace of development, the two major allies of the government, BJP and JMM, are once again wrangling for power.Jharkhand will celebrate the 12th anniversary of its foundation on Thursday. The state was carved out of Bihar on November 15, 2000.The state in its 12 years of existence has been known for political instability and corruption. One of its former chief ministers, Madhu Koda, along with his cabinet colleagues, Hari Narayan Rai, Enos Ekka and Bhanu Pratap Sahi are still in jail. Koda is the prime accused in a scam of around Rs 4,000 crore and has been in jail for the last three years.However, in the last one year the present government tried to bring some positive changes by allotting the work of construction of transmission network in the state to Power Grid Corporation of India Limited. The total cost of the project is around Rs 1600 crore and once complete, it will ensure uninterrupted power supply even in the remotest areas of the state.The state also launched two welfare programme, the Mukhyamantri Ladli Laxmi Yojna (MLLY) and Mukhyamantri Dal Bhaat Yojna (MDBY). Under the MLLY, which was launched on the last foundation day, more than 30,000 girls have already been enrolled. All the newborn girls registered under the scheme will be entitled for a cash benefit of Rs 1.16 lakh when they pass class XII. Another ambitious programme which was also launched last year and has got an overwhelming response is MDBY which provides lunch for just Rs 5. There are 370 such centres across the state.The government also cleared more than two dozen important road projects but internal bickering in the government has once again put a brake on the pace of development. Many road construction projects were cleared, including strengthening and widening of National Highway 33 (Barhi to Bahragora via Ranchi and Jamshedpur). Recently, the state also cleared the Rs 3,000 crore Ranchi-Bokaro Expressway, the first expressway project of the state.A minister in Munda government said that all the ambitious projects can become a reality only if there is political stability. \"It is sad that the two major allies of the government, the BJP and JMM, are wrangling for power. If the government falls because of internal strife, the projects will be hampered,\" said he.The first chief minister of the state, Babulal Marandi , said that according to Indian tradition, 12 years is equal to one yuga. \"I firmly believe the yuga of corruption which has earned the state a bad name the world over is going to end. People of Jharkhand will throw the corrupt government and start a new chapter in the history of the state,\" said Marandi.He also criticised sthe BJP, Congress, JMM and AJSU Party for exploiting the state and playing with the sentiment of local people to avoid mid-term election and forming 'unholy' alliance to remain in power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17231966", "title": "Ramky ties up Rs 830 crore debt syndication for Hospet-Chitradurga road project", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hyderabad-based Ramky group said that its flagship Ramky Infrastructure Ltd had tied up the debt syndication of Rs 830 crore for the execution of the Rs 1103 crore Hospet-Chitradurga road project in Karnataka.An agreement on this has already been inked between Hospet Chitradurga Tollways Ltd (HCTL), the special purpose vehicle formed to undertake the project, and the consortium of bankers led by Axis Bank Ltd , the company said on Thursday.The other lenders that form part of the consortium include IDBI Bank Ltd , Bank of India, India Infrastructure Finance Company, State Bank of Hyderabad, State Bank of Patiala, State Bank of Travancore, Central Bank of India and Oriental Bank of Commerce.The four-laning of the Hospet-Chitradurga section of national highway 13 was awarded to Ramky in January this year on a design, build, finance, operate and transfer (DBFOT) basis by the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) as part of the third phase of the National Highways Development Project. The project has a concession period of 25 years including the construction period of 910 days.Ramky Infrastructure is currently executing projects across water and waste water, roads and bridges, buildings, irrigation, power transmission and distribution as well as industrial projects across 23 states and two Union territories of India as well as West Africa and has a total order book of Rs 13,225 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17226805", "title": "'Chittagong' screening cancelled in Bangladesh", "text": "The first public screening of Hindi film 'Chittagong' in Bangladesh has been cancelled by the organisers of the Hay Festival, film's director Bedabrata Pain said today.After opening to positive reviews in theatres across India, the screening of the Manoj Bajpai and Nawazuddin Siddiqui starrer was scheduled to be held tomorrow in Dhaka during the ongoing Hay Festival which ends Saturday.\"They gave me no reason for the sudden cancellation. It was to be the closing night film. Then at the 11th hour they shifted it to the 16th and cancelled it finally,\" Pain said.\"I didn't want to go to this festival - they practically begged me to come and I had to change a lot of my plans to go to Dhaka only to be unceremoniously dismissed. I consider this extremely unprofessional,\" the NASA scientist-turned-film director said.Pain said since the film is based on a story from the city of Chittagong, now in Bangladesh, he wants the film to be released in the neighbouring country.'Chittagong' deals with a group of schoolboys and young women , led by freedom fighter Surya Sen, a teacher, who raided two British armouries to loot it during India's freedom struggle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17221482", "title": "Antonioni was the best critic of Antonioni, says Dileep Padgaonkar", "text": "KOLKATA: The year was 1994. Michelangelo Antonioni was already in a wheelchair. He was coming out of Nandan, which was that year's venue for the then itinerant IFFI. A large crowd had gathered at the entrance for a glimpse of the Italian who had changed the concept of narrative in cinema. Suddenly they found Fernando Solanas, the Argentinian legend who was among the foreign guests, trying to peep over their shoulders. \"After all, it is history going!\" Solanas said then.This little anecdote set off an afternoon of recollections surrounding Antonioni, whose birth centenary is being toasted by 18th KFF with documentaries and feature films, by Dileep Padgaonkar. In 1976, when the IFFI jury comprised Antonioni, Kurosawa and Elia Kazan , \"I was assisting Ray who was the chairman,\" recalled the former editor of TOI and author of Under Her Spell: Rossellini in India. One particular evening stays on in his mind.Antonioni was late for a jury meeting, so Manikda sent Padgaonkar to fetch him. \"I went to his hotel room and banged on the door. No response. More banging got Antonioni to the door. 'Why?' he angrily demanded. 'You're required for a meeting,' I timidly said. He went back into his room and banged the door behind him. When I returned to Manikda and recounted this, he merely smiled.\" Later he learnt the reason. \"Antonioni is here with a lady 40 years younger to him,\" Ray told him.Later, Padgaonkar had to anchor a conversation for which he prepared a questionnaire of largely political nature. \"Antonioni refused to answer any of them since his basic interest was cinema, never politics.\" The much-discussed alienation of his characters was also not 'political'. After the questions were redrafted, Antonioni warmed up and eventually spoke with so much lucidity about his work that Padgaonkar maintains: \"He was the best critic of Antonioni.\"The legend's Red Desert (1964) was the first film Padgaonkar watched when, as a student in Paris, he enrolled in Cinematheque Francaise - one of the largest archives of films, movie documents and film-related objects that holds daily screenings of films from around the world. He claims enviable company: Resnais, Truffaut, Godard, Chabrol and Roger Vadim also received much of their film education through these screenings.In the film to be screened Friday, \"Antonioni used colour in a way no one had till then. Red was not for the sake of beauty but to suggest emotion. It stood for emotionally drained, mentally deranged characters,\" the cineaste said. \"This anticipated major changes that would democratise the medium and alter the technology-born art itself.\"From the word go Antonioni had marked a break from the tradition that's cinema. Perhaps that is why, when La Avventura was screened at Cannes 1960, the worst thing that can happen to a filmmaker happened. No, not criticism nor censorship but ignominious rejection and crescendo of jeering greeted the film. Such hostility was not witnessed by anyone since 1930 when an anti-Jew group hurled pink ink at the screen showing Bunuel's L'age d'Or. Adding insult to injury Time magazine called it a \"nightmarish exercise in tedium.\" Another critic dubbed it \"a wastage of footage.\" But one week later, L'avventura received the Special Jury Award establishing Antonioni as a symbol of alienation and solitude, just as Kafka and Camus had emerged in literature.Antonioni, who came from a middle-class family, painted, did theatre, played the violin, loved to write. He contributed reviews to a magazine edited by Mussolini's son, and when the magazine stopped, he started making documentaries. \"A brief stint at Rome's film school led to his marriage - and he helped him learn the rules he would unlearn as director.\"The landscape was Antonioni's focus, even in People of the Po Valley, but more to tell about the characters. Indeed, \"his landscape became a character in his films\" that had a narrative of their own, and were filmed in a 'curious' way: \"They dispensed with the idea of causality - with all existing ways of looking at cinema, really,\" Padgaonkar summed up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17221794", "title": "Man freed on rape victim\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s testimony", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man facing trial for allegedly abducting and raping a minor has been acquitted by a trial court after the alleged victim told the court that she was under an impression that she was to depose against another man with whom she had eloped.The girl also deposed that she knew the accused \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who was present in the court \u00e2\u20ac\u201d as he was her neighbour but was ignorant about the case in which he had been in jail.While absolving the charges against the accused, the court noted that the victim had come to the court under an impression that she is deposing as a witness in a case lodged against Shajid, the man with whom she had eloped. \"Shajid was not present (in the court). She knew accused as he resides near her home, but she does not know why he is in jail,\" additional sessions judge Sanjeev Kumar noted while acquitting the man.The court freed the accused saying the prosecution failed to prove his guilt as the alleged victim failed to identify him as the culprit. \"On appreciation of the testimony of the victim and her mother, it is evident that they have not identified accused as the one who kidnapped the girl or committed rape with her, hence, they have been declared as hostile witnesses.The victim's neighbour was apprehended three months ago after the girl's parents, who run a tea stall, had complained that their 16-year-old daughter had gone missing from their house in northwest Delhi on October 15 last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17227172", "title": "'Guest' audio release on Nov 17th", "text": "The audio of Sindhu Samaveli fame Harish Kalyan's 'Guest' is set be released on November 17th in Prasad Lab Theatre. The music for the film is done by Raj-Kakani.Little Precious Films ' Guest ', described by its director Rajakarthic as a psychological suspense thriller, stars Harish Kalyan, Poonam Kaur, Jaya Siddique, Bharani in the lead roles.The film deals with problems faced by a young couple after marriage. The hero and heroine get married after falling in love head over heels with each other. Both of them go to work at separate places. At work, both the hero and the heroine come across another girl and guy, because of which they face a lot of issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17223287", "title": "Ride on footpath and you may lose driving licence", "text": "BANGALORE: Think twice before you ride on a footpath. Bangalore traffic police have recommended for cancellation of licence of at least 1,900 footpath-riding motorists this year. Majority cases were booked during peak hours and mainly in the central business district , statistics say.Two-wheeler riders who seem to be in a hurry to reach their destinations use footpaths to beat traffic jam, caring little for the safety of pedestrians . In the process, they cause injury to pedestrians. Additional commissioner of police (traffic) MA Saleem defines such footpath-riding as 'uncivilized behaviour'.\"It is one of the worst traffic offences. In many cases, innocent pedestrians were injured as the motorists rammed into them,\" Saleem said.According to Saleem, they have booked a total of 5,280 cases of footpath-riding till date.\"We have recommended the cancellation of 3,800 licences for various traffic offences. Of these, more than 1,900 offenders were caught for riding on footpath,\" he said.This is the first year where Bangalore traffic police started their drive against footpathriding . \"We booked less than 1,000 cases in 2010-11 for footpath-riding . The increasing number is a worrying matter,\" a senior traffic officer said.Many top police cops who work in CBD opine that most footpath riders come from educated family backgrounds and are professionals.\"It is sad that these offenders are professionals working with reputed companies. In one case, a software engineer was beaten up by angry pedestrians near Raj Bhavan after he rammed into an old lady last month,\" a traffic officer said.Police said that public who spot footpath-riders and capture them on camera can upload the pictures on the Facebook page of the Bangalore Traffic Police.Don't park on zebra crossingDon't be surprised if traffic police send you a fine amount receipt for the offence of jumping signal. If you had not really committed the offence, just think on which zebra crossing you stopped and waited for the signal.\"It is a bad habit to stop the vehicle on the zebra crossing. It is meant for people to cross the road. The CCTVs at traffic junctions will capture the images of such offenders and we shall book them for signal jump,\" Saleem said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17221778", "title": "Court reduces man\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s jail term over \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcprotracted\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 trial", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has reduced a year-long jail term handed down to a truck driver for mowing down a scooter rider to nine months on the ground that he faced \"protracted\" trial for over 12 years.While upholding the conviction, additional sessions judge Narinder Kumar sentenced the truck driver, Sumodh, to nine-month imprisonment while modifying the order of a magisterial court that had awarded him a year's jail term for causing the death of scooterist, Satpal, during rash driving. The ASJ's order came on an appeal by Sumodh against the magisterial court's decision. According to the prosecution, Sumodh had hit Satpal's scooter near Ring Road, Daryaganj on July 13, 2000, killing him on the spot.Sumodh argued he was falsely implicated in the case and that he was not driving the truck rashly or negligently. He had deposed that his truck was stationary and it was Satpal, who had rammed into his truck at a high speed. The court, however, dismissed his argument and upheld his conviction while relying on the eyewitness testimony of two cops, who had said that it was the negligent driving of the accused that led to the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17221111", "title": "Dogs scurry for cover from deafening sound", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The deafening sounds and sparkling lights of crackers filled our hearts with joy on Diwali but it has certainly disturbed the psyche of dogs. On Wednesday, there were long queues of terrified pet dogs and their owners at the veterinary doctor's clinics. Those dog keepers, who could not visit the clinics, consulted doctors over phone.Among the disturbed pets were Daschshunds, Dalmatians, Dobermans, Labradors and German Shepherds, those huge dogs the very sight of whom instills fear in intruders.But doctors said toy breeds were the worst affected. There were around 50 small-sized dogs, who received the medication on Diwali evening and the morning after at the clinic of Niranjan Sahu, veterinary doctor at Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology (OUAT). \"The appetite of toy breed dogs is badly disturbed and they were drowsy. So I prescribed preventive medicines like sedatives to lessen the impact,\" said Sahu, adding that sometimes convulsion might take place and the dog might die.There are about eight dog clinics in the city. Breeds such as Kennel, Affenpincher and Havanese were treated at these clinics. \"My pet confined itself to a corner of the bedroom after evening. It had become inert compared to its normal agility. It didn't take any food. So next day we took him to the dog clinic and the doctor gave some medicines,\" said Mrutyunjaya Rana, a dog owner.Toy breeds find the sounds intolerable, said S K Ray, a veterinary doctor. \"Behavioural changes are common in toy breeds with crackers going off near them. Since they are shy and less aggressive, they get easily hurt by the slightest intensity of sound. They also feel restless and stressed,\" said Ray..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17225023", "title": "'Jab Tak Hai Jaan' makes you fall in love", "text": "Flawed but fabulous , the pasha of romance Yash Chopra's swan song\u00e2\u20ac\u201dmay God rest his rhapsodic soul\u00e2\u20ac\u201dis a swoon-worthy ode to that achy-breaky feeling called love. Reams of poetry and volumes of prose have been written on it. But no poet no author has come close to unraveling the mystery of the heart.Yash Chopra spent most of his adult years peering passionately into the heart. J ab Tak Hai Jaan (JTHJ) is not his best work. The last 35 minutes when Shah Rukh Khan loses his memory is the best forgotten. Miraculously the entire end-piece of this fractured symphony co-written by Aditya Chopra and Devita Bhagat, doesn't take away from the sublime beauty of the work.JTHJ is like an elaborate work of art and a work that offers many different kinds of guilty pleasures for all those diehard fans of Yash Chopra's romance who grew up, grew wise and even grew old watching Daag, Silsila, Chandni and the Doyen's best work Lamhe.His latest and sadly his last work could keep you enthralled trying to play the game of spot-the-earlier-Yash-Chopra-referenced. You will catch Daag in the way Katrika Kaif returns into Shah Rukh Khan's fractured life. You can catch many shades of Karisma Kapoor from Dil To Pagal Hai in Anushka Sharma's girl-madly-in-unrequited-love act. You will see Kabhie Kabhie in the way Katrina comes to search for her fugitive mother (played by Neetu Singh who had played the girl in search of mom in Kabhie Kabhie ) and you can spot Silsila in Katrina's scenes with Anushka in London.Both the ladies are madly in love with the same man, much the way Sharmila Tagore and Raakhee loved Rajesh Khanna in Yash Chopra's Daag. Indeed there are perceptible shades of Rajesh Khanna's poetic romanticism from Daag in Shah Rukh's loner death-defying soldier's character.Shah Rukh imbues the part of the solider Samar with a deal of heart. Never since Sanjay Leela Bhansali's Devdas has he expressed the pain of lost love so eloquently. That his lady love happens to be Katrina Kaif helps us in sharing his pain. Yup, it's possible to fall hard in love with this tragic beauty of elaborate elegance and spend the rest of one's life pining for her.Luckily fate and the scriptwriters plan a happy ending for the soldier love story. But not before a sassy spunky bindaas photo-journalist Akira (Anushka Sharma) sweeps into the traumatized Samar's life. The Shah Rukh-Anushka sequences in the second-half shot in the stunning Ladakh and Kashmir valleys blends the war-time urgency of army life with a seminal spot of sunshine. It's a pleasing blend of the valorous and the romantic that turns the Shah Rukh-Anushka chemistry from Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi on its head. There he craved for her attention. Now it's her turn.Comeuppance, anyone? Fate, as imagined in Jab Tak Hai Jaan is a flimsy mistress, hard to please and very high-maintenance. Katrina's Meera is a bit of a silly romantic masquerading as an in-charge woman entrepreneur. She makes ludicrous deals with God and pays heavily for her trade practices with an unequal partner (God). Meera is a woman of today captivated by outdated beliefs.In some ways this exquisitely mounted work of art belongs to Katrina. She owns Meera's role in the way Sridevi and Raakhee owned Chandni and Kabhie Kabhie , respectively. Shot in pristine colours by cinematographer Anil Mehta whose camera evidently loves Katrina's face as much as Samar, Katrina emerges as an actress who feels her character's pain in in anguished close-ups.Yup, Yash Chopra couldn't have chosen better. All the three protagonists seem assembly-built for their characters. And they are never short of support from every department of film's making.It's the script that intermittently turns villain showering unexpected blows on the tender romance that the director so meticulously carves out of the lead pair's unflinching commitment to delineating the doomed dimensions of an ill-fated love that finally conquers even fate.While we applaud the film's visual and emotional velocity Meera's dumb deals with God are plainly not the stuff great love stories are made of. And yet, we can't help cheer for the lovers when they finally embrace in strife-torn militant Kashmir. Devdas had it easier. His explosive mine-fields were only in his mind. And he could've never imagined his Chandramukhi would ever be as persistent as Anushka Sharma .\" Kya karoon, ishq ho gaya hay tere se, \" she blurts out in a tragic confession of one-sided love. Ah, love! What a fall it causes even for the cynics. We don't quite fall in love with the film the way Akira falls for Samar. But we come close.JTHJ is an ambrosial autumn sonata done in colours and moods that redefine Mr Yash Chopra's legendary levels of aesthetics while sharpening and polishing the contours of his characteristic preoccupations. There is the elusive search for love and of course the unattainable beauty played by Katrina who miraculously manages to take her character beyond her porcelain features. When she dances in an underground London pub she forgets the world around her is watching. Then there is Shah Rukh Khan standing tall as a soldier who defuses bombs but can't seem to detonate the love catastrophe in his life.Jab Tak Hai Jaan makes you fall in love with love all over again.We will miss you, Yashji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17221269", "title": "Govt gets 8 days to accept private bus fare hike", "text": "MARGAO: Giving an eight-day ultimatum to the state transport department to accept their demand of increasing the bus fare from 5 for the first 3km to 10, the all-Goa private bus owners' association (AGPBOA) blamed the 6 hike in diesel for their stand.While addressing mediapersons on Wednesday, AGPBOA president Shailendra Phaldesai pointed out that there were similar hikes in the states of Maharashtra and Karnataka during the last two months to help the bus owners tide over the diesel price rise, but this had not been done yet in Goa.AGPBOA members pointed out that the price of diesel had recently been raised to 49.69 from the earlier 43.95 per litre. The association is a 1,460-member-strong body.\"The diesel consumption by a bus during the day is about 35 to 40 litres in normal conditions, while buses that travel long distances consume above 40 litres. The increase in diesel prices has put a burden of 300 to 400 per day per bus and the income of bus operators has reduced drastically,\" said Phaldesai. He added that the cost of diesel consumption per day is 1,498.80 if one has to multiply 30 litres on an average by 49.96. When asked why the group had decided to go in for a hike as high as 5, instead of a lower one, Phaldesai replied that it was corresponding to the hike in diesel and that it was difficult to get loose change from the passengers if it was to be increased to around 8. \"Our total expenditure per day comes close to 3,000 given the wages of the driver, conductor, insurance, road tax, passenger tax, maintenance costs. We also have to pay monthly installments to banks for purchasing buses,\" said Phaldesai, adding that the average cost of a bus purchased is 15,50,500.The association members stated that they were well aware that the bus fare hike would affect their passengers. \"The association is generally not in favour of proposing an increase in ticket fare, but in order to survive in the transportation business this association is forced to put forward this demand,\" added Phaldesai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17221390", "title": "Night-long celebrations at Hazaribag temples", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Although Kali Puja was performed at different community pandals here, the main function was organized at the 150-year-old Kali Bari.Devotees turned up in large numbers not only from the town but also from neighbouring Purnia in Bihar , Kolkata and Burdwan in West Bengal. Despite the cold, devotees offered puja and pushpanjali and witnessed animal sacrifice, which was later offered to the devotees as \"mahaprasad\".The Kali Bari was beautifully illuminated. Devotees even danced to the tunes of devotional songs. The tradition of this Kali Bari was set up some 150 years ago along the banks of the Champa, which was known as the burning ghat of Hazaribag.\"This temple was also recognised as the Kali Mandir of the then Ramgarh Raj (1850-60) where the \"pradhan purohit\" Ishan Chandra Tarkalankar (Bhattacharya) arrived and started a permanent puja,\" said Arup Bhattacharya, the main priest.He said the idol of Kali is changed every 12 years and this year, too, the new idol and the existing one were worshipped with traditional rituals. After the puja, devotees bade farewell to the old goddess by immersing her in the local pond.Another place where thousands of devotees turned up to offer prayers was the Bhadrakali Temple in Itkhori along the border of Hazaribag and Chatra.The temple was beautifully decorated on the occasion of Kali Puja. Devotees offered puja after a holy bath on the banks of the Mohane. People from Gaya, Chatra , Patna, Koderma and Hazaribag thronged the temple and remained there till this morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "17222728", "title": "Miraculous escape for actor Siddique in mishap", "text": "KOLLAM: Film actor Siddique had a miraculous escape when the car in which he was travelling met with an accident at Kannetti Bridge near Karunagapally here early on Wednesday morning.Siddique escaped with minor scratches while his driver Hashim suffered an injury on his hand.The actor was going to his house at Kakkanad, Ernakulam after finishing shoot for a channel in Thiruvanathapuram when the Innova car in which he was travelling lost control and fell into a 10-ft-deep ditch by the side of the road. A tree also fell on the top of the car.The actor, sitting in the backseat, managed to get out of the car with the help of a taxi driver who stopped after seeing the accident. He himself informed the incident to police andKarunagappally police rushed to the spot took the two to a private hospital. The two, however, continued their journey after preliminary treatment.\"It was a miraculous escape and thank God, I am doing well now,\" Siddique said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "khanty mansiysk (russia)", "code": "17232080", "title": "Humpy crashes out of World Women's Chess Championship", "text": "KHANTY MANSIYSK (Russia): Grandmaster and highest rated in the fray, Koneru Humpy crashed out of the World Women's Chess Championship after failing to capitalise on her chances against Natalia Zhukova of Ukraine in the second game of the second round that concluded on Thursday.After losing the first game of the two-game mini-match, the Indian faced a daunting task of winning with black in the return game and when the chance came to turn the battle in her favour, Humpy stumbled and went on to lose her second game in a row against Zhukova.The other remaining Indian in the event -- D Harika -- however kept herself in contention with some smart work against Elina Danielian of Armenia that saw her through to the pre-quarterfinal stage of this knock-out championship.Sitting with a cushion of a full point lead having won the first game, Harika played solidly and took a draw in a better position which was enough to secure her entry to the next round.In the shocker of the day, experienced Monika Socko of Poland defeated defending champion Yifan Hou of China to level scores.Not many had given any chances to Socko to score a comeback victory but a temporary loss in concentration from a level position meant that Yifan will now have to fight it out in the tiebreak games of the second round.Humpy was the only one to lose by a 0-2 margin. The reason for that was simply that the Indian wanted to win at any cost. It was a King's Indian vide transposition and though the position looked optically favourably for Zhukova in the middle game it was not easy to find plans.Sensing that quickly enough, the Ukrainian came with a sacrifice for two pieces for a rook that again looked optically promising but favour black and Humpy looked on top and set for a comeback.However as the game progressed, Humpy miscalculated and misjudged almost everything. Her 29th move was a blunder, letting Zhukova back in the game, and subsequent manoeuvres left white slightly better in the complicated endgame. The final blunder by Humpy came on the 39th move and Zhukova won four moves later.Danielian went for the sharp Four Pawns attack in the King's Indian defense by Harika and found some advantage in the middle game. However, wily manoeuvres by Harika ensured she remained in the game while exchanging some pieces at the same time and once the dust subsided, it was just a level position.Looking for more, Danielian tried hard and gave up an exchange giving Harika more chances to win, but the Indian quickly liquidated further and offered a draw where she may have won with some hard work.Preserving energy sometimes is known to be good in these tough knock-out formats and this is what Harika had in mind. Danielian signed her exit papers after 47 moves.Results round 2: Yifan Hou lost to Monika Socko (Pol) 1-1 goes to break: Natalia Zhukova (Ukr) beat Koneru Humpy (Ind) 2-0; Anna Ushenina (Ukr) drew with Anna Muzychuk (Slo) 1-1 goes to break; Nino Khurtsidze (Geo) beat Zhao Xue (Chn) 1-1 goes to break; Lela Javakhishvili (Geo) beat Kateryna Lahno (Ukr) 1.5-0.5; Nadezhda Kosintseva (Rus) drew with Lilit Mkrtchian (Arm) 1-1 goes to break; Viktorija Cmilyte (Ltu) lost to Huang Qian (Chn) 0.5-1.5; Olga Girya lost to Marie Sebag (Fra) 0.5-1.5; Valentina Gunina (Rus) lost to Alisa Galliamova (Rus) 0.5-1.5; Irina Krush (Usa) beat Pia Cramling (Swe) 1-1 goes to tiebreak; Hoang Thanh Trang (Hun) lost to Tatiana Kosintseva ( Rus) 0.5-1.5; D Harika (Ind) drew with Elina Danielian (Arm) 1.5-0.5; Mariya Muzychuk (Ukr) drew with Maritza Arribas Robaina (Cub) 1.5-0.5; Alexandra Kosteniuk (Rus) lost to Natalija Pogonina (Rus) 0.5-1.5; Anna Zatonskih (Usa) drew with Ju Wenjun (Chn) 1-1 goes to tiebreak; Zhu Chen (Chn) lost to Antoaneta Stefanova (Bul) 0.5-1.5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17221790", "title": "Discom to upgrade Daryaganj substation", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the Preet Vihar grid substation, BSES Yamuna has started modernizing its 66/11 KV Daryaganj grid substation. The work is expected to lead to minor power cuts in Daryaganj and the adjoining areas between Thursday and November 30.The modernization work will take place between 10am and 5pm. \"Though BYPL, which supplies power to east and central Delhi, is making arrangements to back-feed the area through an alternative source, Daryaganj and the adjoining areas may face sporadic outages,\" said an official.The Daryaganj substation, situated in Subhash Market, is being upgraded following an internal assessment, which has revealed that the power demand in Daryaganj and the adjoining areas increase substantially during summer.The modernization will replace the oil-filled circuit breakers and panels with next-generation, gas-filled SFS vacuum circuit breakers (VCB) and panels. \"The modernization will further improve and ensure uninterrupted power supply during the critical summer months. The criticality of the area can be gauged by the fact that BYPL has recently also started work on a 33/11 KV indoor substation at Deen Dayal Upadhaya (DDU) Marg, keeping in mind the present and the future power requirements of ITO, DDU Marg and Daryaganj areas,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17222704", "title": "Market dips but long-term investors bet high", "text": "INDORE: The muhurat trading was held at Madhya Pradesh Stock Exchange (MPSE) on Diwali-in Samvat 2069, the new lunar year. There was a fall in the market volume-wise as the Sensex fell by 51 points and Nifty was down by 17 points. Still, it didn't dampen the spirit of long-term investors from the region as they continued to bet high in the hope of better returns in the remaining part of new year which began on the day. Citing the reason behind it, Ashish Goyal, director, MPSE, told ToI, \"We have received weak economic data of the country on the eve of Diwali. There was a fall in IIP numbers. Inflation was also up at 9.7. Besides, exports have been witnessing a fall for past six consecutive months in a row. It all resulted in fall of share prices of the companies listed on the MPSE.\"There was participation from public on the occasion of muhurat trading. While the stocks of 13 companies that are listed on MPSE are traded through the National Stock Exchange, the remaining two companies-namely Pilani Investment and Star Delta are being traded through the Bombay Stock Exchange . Goyal said that there was almost no volume of stocks transfer on the Diwali day due to weak market sentiments.Commenting on the market's possible shape, when it resumes here on Thursday morning, Goyal said, \"Market is in such a zone where people are watching it minutely and hence they are likely to maintain wait and watch tomorrow.\"The sad demise of the city-based hotelier, Sajid Dhanani, on the eve of Diwali further dampened the stock market.His company, Sayaji group of hotels, already listed on the BSE , had been recently listed on the NSE too through the MPSE.\" Talking about it, Goyal said, \"It's a sad affair. Indore has lost a good hotelier. It created a vacuum in the hotel industry of the region.\"The good thing about the muhurat trading being that the long-term investors, which are normally unaffected by the slight variation at the stock exchanges, were seen investing in company's shares as usual. Santosh Sahu said, 'Long-term investors took a bet expecting better returns in coming year.\"Dinesh Patidar, CMD, Shakti Pumps , said, \"We do believe that India will emerge as the third biggest economic power of the world in the coming years as we have got the strong purchasing power unlike others the world over.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "17221927", "title": "Engineer gets life term for murder", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The Mavelikkara additional sessions court on Wednesday sentenced Rahul Varghese (24), an engineer, to life imprisonment for murdering Ashok (50), a government employee, at Mazhukeer, near Chengannur, on March 22 last year.Ashok (50) of Keezhcheriyil was killed when he attempted to prevent Rahul from killing his daughter, Varsha, who had spurned his advances.The court had on Monday found Rahul guilty under the IPC sections 307, 341, 323 and 302. It also imposed a fine of Rs 2,50,000 on Rahul. The money has to be given to Ashok's family.The court observed that though the crime committed by Rahul was a serious one, it had taken into consideration his age and educational status while awarding the sentence.Additional public prosecutor (APP) Remanan Pillai said Rahul had approached Varsha expressing his desire to marry her. Though she rejected it, Rahul kept insisting that she marry him. Following this, Ashok lodged a complaint with the Chengannur CI, who warned Rahul that he would be arrested if he harassed Varsha again.Following this, on the fateful day, Rahul attacked Varsha and her father who were travelling on a motorcycle around 6am, and stabbed Varsha three times in the back. Ashok, who came to her aid, was also stabbed twice. He was working as a senior section assistant in the provident fund office in Kottayam.Rahul was a final year engineering student at Namakkal in Tamil Nadu and Varsha was an MBA student in Mar Athanasius College for Advanced Studies, Thiruvalla at the time of the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17221991", "title": "World Diabetes Day observed in Kozhikode", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Various programmes were held in the city on Wednesday to mark the world diabetes day. The medicine department in Kozhikode medical college in association with the Indian Medical Association, Calicut Forum for diabetes, and private hospitals in the city organized a rally from the town hall to Arayidathupalam in the morning to promote morning walk among the public. District police chief G Sparjankumar flagged off the rally.The Malabar Institute of Medical Sciences ( MIMS) conducted free diabetic detection camp in the hospital from 9am to 12 noon. At the camp, there was free check-up of blood sugar, HbA1c, BMI, blood pressure and consultation by physicians under the guidance of doctors Naseer Ali, Muraleedaran and Jisheer.Nadakkavu-based Open Medicines, in association with Sugarfree, held a diabetic detection camp. A Pradeep Kumar MLA inaugurated the function. Dr M D Balakrishnan took class on diabetics. A video screening on diabetics was also held on the occasion. Around 400 people participated in the programme.Various organizations in the health sector and hospitals also conducted awareness programmes on the day. The IMA, in association with PVS Hospital and International Pulmonology Group, organized a programme on chronic obstructive lung disease (COPD) to mark the world COPD day at the IMA hall. Kozhikode corporation health standing committee chairperson Janamma Kunjunni inaugurated the function.Experts in the field said those who had symptoms like cough, breathing problems, panting, etc should consult an expert. A free COPD detection camp was also held as part of the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17221565", "title": "They make a living from flags", "text": "KOCHI: Anyone walking into Christy's Vaduthala home will take it for a CPM office as it's a sea of red. A closer look will, however, reveal more colours. They are the flag makers for various political and social organizations in the city.Antony Christy and Martin have been supplying flags to these organizations from their screen printing unit for the past four years. \"Our main clients are the CPI and the CPM and the youth wings like the DYFI, the AIYF, the KCYM etc. They organize more meetings,\" Christy says.While they print the symbols on flags, they have outsourced the stitching to three women. That these women have further outsourced it to several others indicates that it is a lucrative business. \"For every 100 flags, they get about Rs 250-500. It takes about one-and-a-half minutes to stitch a flag. We have also supplied motors for sewing machines,\" says Christy, whose brother Simon Britto is a former MLA.While the major market for political flags are met by supplies from Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu, Christy and Martin take their orders two months in advance. \"Parties order about 1,000-2,000 flags, for which we get about two months. Most of the time, they like to have new flags for their meetings. They re-use them during elections,\" he says.However, the Congress does not order flags from them as they come from China. \"Since it is multi-coloured, the printing is done by machine. The machine printing has caught on even in other states but the cloth used is not so good. They get damaged fast in our rains.\"And, it's not every day that they get orders. They do go without orders for months together at times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17221948", "title": "Boost to Malabar\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s industrial sector", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Industrial sector in north Kerala is expected to get a boost with the full-fledged functioning of the tool room-cum-training centre of the Kerala Small Industries Development Corporation Ltd. (SIDCO). The centre, located at Parapparakkunnu near Pantheerankavu, is expected to offer direct job to 150 persons and indirect job opportunity to 450 persons.The work of the centre was completed spending Rs 12.5 crore. The centre is expected to start full-fledged functioning by February. The centre would appoint more technically efficient staff. Sidco has already sought the assistance of the Public Sector Recruiting and Internal Auditing Board for recruiting engineers.The centre has the infrastructural facility to manufacture tools for drilling, turning and boring activities of defence and aerospace departments. The precision tools unit at Olavanna will manufacture high-precision tools and dies for defence, aerospace, railways and other sectors and micro, small and medium industries. Products including jigs, cutting tools, gauges, plastic moulds, forging dies and pressure castings will be manufactured at the unit by using computer-aided designing and manufacturing technology.\"Presently we are receiving orders from small engineering units. Indian Space Research Organization (Isro) has also placed a few orders recently,\" said Dileep Raj, manager, Sidco tool room-cum-training centre. \"We are expecting to receive more industrial orders with the expansion of the unit,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17222433", "title": "SHRC moved over child rape case", "text": "HYDERABAD: Alleging that a case pertaining to the rape of a child was being hushed up by the government authorities concerned, a social organisation approached the state human rights commission. In a petition filed before the commission, the organisation said that a class IV girl at a government school in Kowthalam mandal in Kurnool district was allegedly raped by her teacher in August.P Prasanthi, state programme director, AP Mahila Samatha Society, who filed the petition said that in spite of the incident coming to light in August, the district police department had failed to register a complaint till date.She alleged that the mandal revenue officer was sitting on the medical report of the victim with an intention to protect the culprit. The petitioner demanded that action be taken against the culprit by registering an FIR by the police officials concerned. Admitting the case, the commission ordered the SP of Kurnool district to direct the inspector of Kowthalam police station to inquire into the incident and submit a report by December 6. The commission also directed the collector to inquire into the allegations against the mandal revenue officer and submit a report to the commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "6683016", "title": "Women in 40s have better sex lives", "text": "Whoever said that 'life begins at 40' was probably right, as far as women and sex are concerned.A Brit survey has found that women in their 40s have a better time in bed than at any other stage of their life.It also found that more than a quarter of married women admitted having had an affair, compared with an estimated 18 per cent of husbands.In the survey of 2,000 women, it was found that those in their 40s are less self-conscious about their bodies and as a result are more confident between the sheets.Up to 80 per cent said that they are now more adventurous with their partner than during their 20s, with 60 per cent saying they feel more assertive.According to experts, this is the age when females hit their ''sexual confidence'' peak - they know what they want in the bedroom and they are not afraid to ask.On the other hand, a fifth of women under 30 say they often merely pretend to be satisfied in bed, compared with just seven per cent of 40-somethings.Researchers also found that 68 per cent of women in their 40s are fully aware of which love-making technique gives them the most pleasure, and more than half say they are not too embarrassed to ask.Up to 58 per cent say they have the best sex when they are married, often because they are more experienced.They also tend to have fewer worries than during their 20s or 30s, either about work or children, so they can properly relax in the bedroom.Well over 90 per cent of women insisted that fidelity was essential in a long-term relationship - which made the number admitting to affairs so surprising.Only five per cent of the married women who admitted being unfaithful said it was when they had the best sex.By comparison, 58 per cent said the best sex they had ever had was with their husband.The survey also showed that the average woman over 40 has had five sexual partners in her life - compared with nine for the average 30-something.\"The real sexual adventure begins when the children are older or have left home and women have the body confidence and experience to enjoy sex more than ever before,\" the Daily Mail quoted Nicola Down, editor of Top Sante magazine, which carried out the research, as saying.\"Our survey clearly shows that married women in their 40s have the best sex lives. So it's sad that eight out of ten women think society and younger people in particular don't have a positive image about older women when, in truth, they are the ones worldly enough to enjoy a wonderful sex life,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-15"}
