{"city": "surat", "code": "11863887", "title": "Second online auction for rough diamonds elicits lukewarm response", "text": "SURAT: After the success of the first online rough diamond auction, the second auction organized by the Surat Rough Diamond Sourcing India Limited (SRDSIL), especially for small and medium diamantaires received a lukewarm response on Saturday.Industry sources said the flow of low-range Zimbabwe diamonds in the local markets in Mumbai and Surat could be one of the strong reasons behind the tepid interest shown by small and medium diamantaires.The diamond consortium had kept about 3 lakh carats of low range goods - sourced from various countries like Russia , South Africa, Zimbabwe etc - valued at over Rs 30 crore for tender auction on Saturday.The tender bids were invited from the local diamond manufacturers and rough dealers in Surat and Mumbai. Contrary to the high expectations by the SRSDIL office-bearers, the diamond consortium sold only 1.5 lakh carat of goods valued at Rs 15 crore.\"We have been able to sell about 51 per cent of the goods to the small and medium diamantaires and rough dealers. Out of the 31 diamond lots, 21 were sold out generating Rs.15 crore for the diamond consortium,\" said Aagam Sanghavi, spokesperson of SRDSIL.Recently, the rough diamond sales by the world's leading diamond mining companies like De Beers and Alrosa in January-2012 saw a decline 6-10 per cent decline in the prices, especially in the low range category due to stiff competition from the Zimbabwe stones.The Rs 80,000 crore worth of diamond industry in Surat is traditionally a world leader in cutting and polishing small sized low-range good.In 2010-11, India imported rough diamonds worth $11 billion, out of which more than 50 per cent were of the low range quality.If the industry leaders are to be believed the Zimbabwe diamonds are 40-50 per cent cheaper than the diamonds from other sources. Since Surat is the world's biggest diamond cutting and polishing centre, Zimbabwe diamonds have become diamantaire's best friend.Currently, Zimbabwe has got four diamond mining firms operating in the Chiadzwa fields namely Marange Resources, Mbada Diamonds, Anjin and Diamond Mining Corporation. The country stands to earn more than $ 2 billion US dollars per year from the three Marange mines that have been permitted to sell so far.These low range Zim goods are in high demand in Northern and Southern Indian cities like Delhi, Punjab, Chandigarh, Chennai, Kolkata and other cities and foreign countries like the Middle East, China, Hong Kong, Iran and Armenia .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11855426", "title": "Raj Thackeray's driver fined", "text": "Raj Thackeray's driver was fined Rs 100 by the Pune traffic police for parking his car on a no-parking zone outside Vaishali restaurant on Fergusson College Roadon Saturday, said deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhare. The driver paid the fine immediately, Pandhare said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11863942", "title": "Valentine's Day: Lovers plan to tie nuptial knots on the occasion", "text": "KANPUR: Hundreds of weddings and engagements would be held on the 'World for lovers day' or Valentine's Day on February 14. According to market sources, the golden rings are in demand these days.Like Akshaytritiya and Basant Panchami, Valentine's Day is also among the choice of love birds. Many marriage receptions are also being planned.Annanya, an executive, will be getting marred to her boyfriend on February 24. They have planned to organize the engagement on Valentine's Day.\"I met my boyfriend nearly three years ago and soon our friendship turned into love. Recently, we decided to settle down. We wanted to get married on V-Day, but our priest said that February 24 was an auspicious date to get married. So, we decided to exchange rings on V-Day and make it memorable for life,\" she added.Pradeep and Komal tried to convince their grandparents to get married on this day.\"It was difficult to convince the older people about something called Valentine's Day. But we tried. Now, we are getting married on February 14,\" said Komal.Most of the hotels, community halls, clubs and banquet halls are booked for V-Day. Beauty parlours and caterers are also booked.The wedding or party organizers have asked to use red in the decorations. Be it flowers or curtains, everything in demand is 'red'.Interestingly, even the married couples are ready to enjoy the day. Many men have planned to give jewellery to wives. There are others who have planned to buy a car or a luxurious item to celebrate the day to express love for the female partners.\"Gifting a necklace is a good idea. It will rekindle love between me and my wife once again and life will be joyous,\" said Nitin.Sneha had planned for a surprise candle light dinner on the terrace of her house to please her husband who had a tiff with her some days back.Going by the legend associated with the day, Saint Valentine, a priest in Rome , defied Roman Emperor Claudius II and continued to perform marriages of young lovers in a secret manner, even after the marriage for young men was outlawed by the Emperor. Another story suggested that the day is celebrated to commemorate the anniversary of Valentine's death or burial. Whatever may be the truth, but the day rekindles romance.Valentine's DayValentine's Day SMSValentine Gifts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11855405", "title": "Daroz to offer tips on Raku pottery style", "text": "BHOPAL: Ceramic artiste Daroz P R will hold a pottery workshop in Bharat Bhavan's Ceramic Studio. In his week-long stay in the city, he will offer tips on Raku style of pottery at the workshop beginning from February 13.The National Academy Award winner, Daroz, who had set up the ceramic studio in the multi-art complex 30 years back, says \"Raku is now popular among professional and amateur potters of the country.\" Fifteen artistes from the state would participate in the workshop.Explaining Raku, Daroz said, \"When an art piece is put in a kiln at 1800 degrees F with a combustible material like paper or sawdust, fire and smoke react with glaze to create unique lustre and patterns\". \"For any potter, it is one of the most difficult but an important technique to master.\" he added.On the 30th anniversary of Bharat Bhavan, Roopankar, the fine arts wing of the multi-art complex has invited him for the workshop.Daroz said that he is happy to come to Bhopal and hold the workshop. The ceramic studio of Bharat Bhavan has a collection of more than 200 ceramic art works of artistes including some big names like Himmat Shah, Vipin Goswami, Jyosna Bhhat, Ila Choudhary and Ravindra Reddy, says Devilal Patidar, acting Director of Ceramic department, who had learnt the art from Daroz. This is one of the biggest collections of the country, Patidar added.\"We are eagerly looking forward to presence of Daroz among us,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11859248", "title": "It\u2019s \u2018cricket league\u2019 time in Vadodara!", "text": "If you thought that only big cities can host fun-filled cricket leagues like the Indian Premier League (IPL), think again.Because very recently, the city witnessed a highly entertaining cricket tournament that had some of the city's very well-known names competing against each other with the bat and ball!So be it Karan Grover, Tanuj Desai, Anirudh Dehade, Dipen Gada, Hitesh Modi, Amit Rathod or some of the other 'players' involved, there was a lot of competitive cricket on offer.So what if none of them are professional cricketers? All of them had been practising really hard for about two months to be ready for the tournament and the efforts proved fruitful indeed.And a lot of cricket enthusiasts turned up to cheer for them. Noted city-based architect Sonali Desai was seen cheering for her favourite team. Also spotted, while enjoying the action, were former IPL commissioner Chirayu Amin, Mehmood Khan Pathan (the father of star cricketers Yusuf and Irfan Pathan ), P B Pandey and Dillip Dash.Truly, it turned out to be some cricketing extravaganza, Vadodara style! And after the tournament got over, it turned out to be party time and the team members from different teams joined in the celebrations in style.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "sant ravidas nagar (bhadohi)", "code": "11856318", "title": "No red carpet treatment for ailing industry", "text": "SANT RAVIDAS NAGAR (BHADOHI): A feeling of dejection permeates through this district which has beautified the floors of innumerable buildings and residences. Till a few years back, the buzzing looms in Sant Kabir Nagar, the hub of country's carpet industry, were the signs of a flourishing trade. Today, an eerie silence has settled over many looms, as if sounding the death knell for a profit-making industry.Most of the reasons for the decline can be found on the home turf though some external factors, too, have played a part. The ailing industry has failed to get assistance from the financial institutions, besides facing the crunch of weavers and labourers, who form the backbone of this trade. The global recession and onslaught of cheaper products from China and Pakistan have further dented the carpet citadel.The politicians are once again promising sops to the industry to woo voters but that does not seem to be making much impact.The carpet export trade stood at Rs 4.42 crore in 1961. In 2006-07, it reached the peak at Rs 3674.86 crore. But, next year (2008-09), the global slow down jolted the carpet industry. The year also the decline in demand for traditional Persian carpets, especially from Europe and US. It compelled the manufacturers to shift towards low cost tufted and machine-made carpets.With some improvement in global economy, the trade saw a rising tend in 2010-11. Assistant director, Carpet Export Promotion Council, Vijay Sinha, says: \"Despite the slow down in the global market, the industry has not lost all hopes and it is expected that value of export would not go below the last year's figure of Rs 2992.70 crore.\" But, former president of All India Carpet Manufacturers Association Hazi Saukat Ansari dismisses Sinha's claims.\"During the last Domotex (biggest fair of floor coverings at Germany) rare buyers visited the Indian pavilion. Today, only 25% manufacturers have the orders for carpet export,\" says Saukat.A youth exporter, Amitabh Pathak of Aurai, says the exporters are also facing a stiff challenge from Pakistan and China that are flooding the market with cheaper floor coverings. \"When I had entered this trade, the cost of per sq feet machine-made floor covering in the international market was 1.80 dollar and now we are bound to provide same quality carpets at 1.10 dollar per sq feet,\" he says, adding that the weavers who used to get Rs 100 for a day are now paid Rs 250-Rs 300 per day.Despite increased wages, manufacturers are facing the shortage of weavers and labourers. Except the core zone of carpet weaving like Suriyava and Bhadohi, carpet manufacturers depend on the weavers from Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal and Odisha. Pathak says after the employment generation schemes like Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MNREGA) were introduced and employment scene in Bihar improved, weavers and labourers from other states avoid coming here.Hazi Saukat (or Shaukat) says when the issue of child labour hit the carpet industry of Bhadohi in mid 90s, the Central government had promised to open weavers' training centres, especially in those clusters from where the carpet weavers come. But that promise was not fulfilled. Another carpet manufacturer and exporter, Avinash Chandra Barnwal, says since the traditional carpet weaving is time taking and the returns are less, local weavers have started keeping their children away from the trade.There's another bane for the indutsry -- the alleged misuse of the Scheduled Caste Act during the regime of Mayawati government. This has compelled carpet industry to make a change from cottage industry to small scale industry.Prakash Chand Chaubey says carpet manufacturers used to give wool and threads to weavers to take it home for weaving. In past five years, some weavers started selling the wool and threads given by the manufacturer. And when the latter demanded them back, weavers lodged FIRs against the manufacturers under the SC Act. To settle the cases out of court, manufacturers had to take the help of local politicians, Chaubey adds.To avoid such problems, manufacturers started setting up their own workshops. The manufacturers say that most of the traditional carpet weaving work has shifted to Shahjahanpur. The carpet city is angry with the state government for failing to provide better infrastructure that can attract buyers. Locals allege that due to delay in contributing the state's share, the construction of railway overbridge in Bhadohi city has not started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11854941", "title": "A feast of aqua delights", "text": "KOCHI: Ever seen a live moray eel in your life? If you haven't, visit the 6th India International Aqua Show, an exhibition of ornamental fishes and accessories, at the Jawaharlal Nehru International Stadium.The moray eel kept at the St Albert's College stall here is one of the many rare fishes exhibited at the aqua show. \"We have always tried to bring in the rarest of species for the show,\" said Dr S G Benno Pereira, head of the department of fisheries and aqua culture of the college.Kissing Gouramis, wrestling lobsters and gold Koi fishes are some of the many attractions for Kochiites at the show. Aquariums and accessories too are on display here. \"The aqua show is the biggest ornamental fish event of the state government with an investment of more than Rs 1.25 crore,'' said A Gopalakrishnan, executive director of State Fisheries Resource Management Society. The show will also have dance performances by Shobana and Dharani School of Performing Arts in the coming days. It will be open from 10 am to 8 pm and will conclude on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11853936", "title": "This Valentine Day, hubbies play spy games", "text": "MUMBAI: Red roses, red hearts and a dollop of green appear to be the hallmark of Valentine's Day this year as detective agencies across the city are being inundated with calls from spouses asking them to spy on their 'better halves'.But it's not the suspicious, possessive or insecure woman who is haunted by her husband's infidelity. Top detective agencies said that as February 14 approaches, it's the men who have been bitten by the green-eyed monster and are willing to pay detectives as much as Rs 30,000 per day to assuage their fears that the wives are not looking beyond the marital bed.Since February 3, phones of detective agencies and private security companies have been ringing non-stop, around 30-40 enquires every day, with husbands asking them to shadow their wives. \"In the last three to four days alone, I have received 50 such requests, and most of them are from worried men,\" said Deepak Monga, CEO of Agile securities. \"They even want us to find out what their wives are shopping, their travelling routines and the way they conduct themselves at work.\"According to security agencies, this behaviour is unusual as they normally get only three to four such cases every year during the Valentine season. Brigadier Jaisinghani, who runs Tops Securities, has also observed a marked rise in calls from suspicious spouses, most of whom are husbands.S Salaria of Trig Securities admitted that the fears of 70% of their clients, both male and female, are confirmed: \"In only 30% of cases do we find that the spouse's suspicions are unfounded.\"Monga's agency has deployed 120 people who are \"running from pillar to post\" just to keep up with the 'suspicious husband' caseload. \"It's a huge volume, as at least three personnel are required to investigate each person,\" said Monga, admitting that the workload is so much that the well-staffed company is struggling to \"deploy personnel and technology to spy on their targets\".One would not expect this kind of behaviour in the week before Valentine's Day, when people are affirming their love for each other, noted another detective. One of the reasons attributed to this trend is the rise of the double-income couples and the fact that February 14 falls on a working day. Monga said the BPO and call-centre culture where employees work late-night shifts have exacerbated this paranoia. \"In such cases, we will have to be alert all through February 13 night,\" he said.On an average, well-established detective agencies charge Rs 30,000 per day. \"It's not cheap, but the high rate does not seem to bother,\" said Jaisinghani. Moreover, their job does not end once the case is closed. \"If we establish infidelity, we suggest that the couple go for counselling and also help them arrive at an amicable settlement,\" said Monga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "11855446", "title": "Patkar opposes acquisition of farmland for industrial corridor", "text": "AURANGABAD: Farmers from Bidkin, about 20 km from the city, and six other villages in the district on Saturday resolved to oppose the government's move to acquire 10,000 hectares of farmland for the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC).At a meeting attended by Medha Patkar, the Narmada Bachao Andolan leader, activists and villagers resolved to strongly oppose the acquisition move and dubbed it a conspiracy hatched by some elements in the government and industries to take away their fertile land in the name of industrial growth.The government plans to acquire 10,000 hectares of land between Shendra and Bidkin for the DMIC and has sought financial assistance from Japan for the project.Criticising the move , Patkar said, \"It is a tsunami that is about to hit Aurangabad district. Since the DMIC is being opposed strongly in Delhi and other areas, the government might start the project from Aurangabad, thinking that there would be no resistance in the area. We need to oppose the acquisition\".Patkar said industrialization alone could not be an option for development that too on the basis of foreign investments. The benefits of the project would go to a handful of those in power and the industrial houses.She alleged that those in power were investing money in the land being sought for the project and would benefit more at the cost of poor farmers and oppressed classes.Patkar claimed in the last 10 years, about 180 lakh hectares of farmland had been diverted to non-agriculture purpose and loss of farmland on such a large-scale was not in the larger interest of the country. She pointed out that each of the mega projects under the proposed DMIC would come up on 20,000 hectares, where only the writ of the owner would run.\"Remember the fate of the farmers who lost their land to industrial or major development projects like the Jayakwadi project. Similarly, farmlands were also acquired to set up an industrial estate in Paithan, but a majority of the industries in that area have closed down. The farmers were left in the lurch and their children jobless. They didn't get jobs as promised, and if at all they got something, they were employed temporarily as unskilled workers or security guards that, too, on contract basis,'' she said. Patkar said such projects should be implemented with the consent of the local village sabha.Members of National Alliance for People's Movement and activists engaged in 'save land' agitation in different parts of the country, too, made it to Bidkin to express their solidarity and narrated their experiences of putting up a fight to save landActivists present at the meeting included freedom fighter Kashinathrao Kulkarni, Subhash Lomte, Vijay Diwan and Buddhapriya Kabeer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "11855580", "title": "Rotarians celebrate change", "text": "MOHALI: Celebrating change, the district conference of Rotary International District 3080, was held at Shivalik Public School, Mohali, on Saturday. Over 1,000 Rotarians are attending the two-day event of 75 clubs of District 3080 covering Chandigarh, parts of Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, and Uttrakhand. Journalist Kuldip Nayyar was the keynote speaker at the occasion and spoke on \"Change: Family Values''.Congress spokesperson Abhishek Manu Singhvi was also present at the event. Rotary international president's special representative to the conference, John Smarge, who is currently the Rotary International director, accompanied by wife Cindy also addressed the rotarians underlining humanitarian needs around the world. He complimented rotarians of India for having completed one year of polio-free India.Delivering the keynote address, Nayyar stated, \"One of India's major strengths are our close family ties.\" Citing examples of his interactions with Margaret Thatcher and other world leaders over the years, Nayyar said they envied India and looked upon it as a source of strength to promote family values in their own communities.Earlier, addressing the Rotarians, Manpreet Singh, district governor said, \"This is an occasion for all of us to exchange notes and get inspired from other rotarians in our district for the good work they are doing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "11854222", "title": "4 killed in Navi Mumbai mishaps", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Four persons, including a 10-year-old boy, were killed in three accidents in Navi Mumbai between Friday evening and Saturday morning.A little after 4am on Saturday, a 31-year-old motorist Avinash Shivaji Jagdale was killed after being hit by a trailer at Nhava Sheva. Jagdale had stepped out of his vehicle to inspect the air pressure of the tyres when the accident occurred. The trailer driver fled.A few hours later, around 8.30am, a 20-year-old motorcyclist, Abhishek Thakur, was killed when a tanker rammed into him on the flyover near Moraj junction at Sanpada. Abhishek, a resident of Sector 10 in Vashi, was headed for Palm Beach Road. The Turbhe police said Thakur was wearing a helmet, which was badly damaged.The previous evening, a 47-year-old labourer and a 10-year-old boy were run over by a tanker at Rabale while they were crossing the busy Thane-Belapur road. The driver, Janardhan Ramkumar Yadav, has been arrested. The labourer has been identified as Kashinath Kamble and the boy Sunil Phule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "azamgarh", "code": "11856579", "title": "\u2018Give us bridge, we\u2019ll give you our mandate\u2019", "text": "AZAMGARH: It was like showing mirror to politician and the government machinery, as majority of voters of Hathia village in Azamgarh's Sadar assembly constituency boycotted voting for the UP assembly poll on Saturday.\"Why we should vote them when they do not hear us,\" questioned an agitated Phoola Devi cursing the political leaders and their false promises. The natives of Hathia village, situated just at walking distance from the Chowk market of the town, but separated by river Tons, have been demanding a bridge on the river for a long time. This time they decided to boycott the assembly election just to draw the attention of masses.They had also warned the candidates of all political parties contesting the assembly election not to visit the village for canvassing.The polling booth of the village wore a deserted look when the second phase of assembly elections was in progress in the state. According to poll personnel at the polling booth, only 44 out of 1,245 voters cast their votes till noon.The agitated villagers including women and children assembled at some distance from the polling booth staged demonstration denouncing the politicians and raising their sole demand. \"The people who cast their votes are the supporters or workers of various political parties. No common voter of the village exercised his/her franchise,\" claimed the gram pradhan Rajendra Kumar Saroj.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "seoni", "code": "11861206", "title": "Praveen Togadia targets Congress over Batla House controversy", "text": "SEONI: Targeting the Congress over the Batla House controversy, senior VHP leader Pravin Togadia has accused the party of only shedding tears for extremists, but not for nationalist forces.\"Union Law Minister Salman Khurshid recently said that on seeing the Batla House encounter images, Congress president Sonia Gandhi had cried. But the same did not happen, when a large number of people from the majority community were massacred in Kashmir and over 50 VHP workers were burnt alive in Godhra,\" Togadia said.\"Congress sheds tears only for the extremists and not for the nationalist forces,\" he added.He was speaking at a religious meet organised at the Mission Higher Secondary School ground last night.Togadia alleged that the political leaders were using the minority community for the vote bank politics.VHP is opposed to the 4.5 per cent reservation for the minorities, out of the 27 per cent OBC quota, Togadia said.He asked the Centre to cancel the reservation as well as the Sachar Committee recommendations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11856358", "title": "Shot-circuited !", "text": "Who would have thought patriarchy could come in the way of the rehabilitation of female drug users? In Manipur, it doesEsther lives in Churachandpur , around 65 km from Imphal, the capital of Manipur . She is what is referred to, in technical parlance , as a reformed female injecting drug user (FIDU). Esther gave up a life of injecting and snorting drugs and has come back from the brink - much wiser and sober, and not just on the ill-effects of a dangerous life. Her eyes, she says, also opened up to the blatantly different ways in which society treats male and female drug users.\"I thought we were all offenders in the eyes of society. But to our surprise , boys who used to inject drugs could fall back on their families. When girls tried doing the same, all they found was rejection, with families disowning them,\" she says.For male injecting drug users (MIDUs), things are indeed different in the patriarchal Manipuri society. Families not only give financial and moral support to them, they are even ready to spend as much money as possible for detoxification and rehabilitation . It is this blatant discrimination that prompted Esther, now 34, to work as a peer educator for SHALOM (Society for HIV/AIDS and Lifeline Operation in Manipur).Nattily clad in a striped shirt and formal trousers as she goes about her work in identifying and counselling FIDUs in the crowded Churachandpur area, Esther knows their trials and tribulations pretty well. \"I am aware of the circumstances which force most FIDUs to end up on the streets. Without the family's support, life is very tough,\" she says.Then, there is the added threat of AIDS. Manipur has been marked as a \"highly prevalent state\" by the National Aids Control Organisation (NACO). The state is said to have around 38,000 IDUs, out of which 3,600 are FIDUs, many of whom have not come out in the open, making it very difficult to reach out to them. \"Women who use drugs face double the risk of HIV infection due to unprotected sex and unsafe injections,\" says Lalruatpuii Pachuau, director of SHALOM. \"Also, societal disapproval , fear of exposure and lack of support often stops them from accessing help.\"Due to its proximity to Myanmar - part of the infamous golden triangle , the main illicit opium producing area - Manipur's population has for long, grappled with drug abuse.The most commonly used drugs in the state are opioids like heroin (or No.4, as it is commonly known), codein and spasmo proxyvon (SP). With drug trafficking becoming active from early 1980s , the epidemic of HIV/AIDS also spread rapidly in Manipur, as drug users shared needles and syringes.Those fighting against the scrouge say that cooperation from former FIDUs has made their work much easier. \"The reformed drug users not only have inside knowledge regarding various drug hubs and their operations, they can easily build rapport with drug users and counsel them to come out of the vicious cycle of addiction,\" says Ching Songput, a senior member of Project ORCHID, a voluntary organisation working to reduce HIV spread in the state.The reformed FIDUs are also benefiting through this exercise. Acknowledging the need for them to become self-sufficient , NGOs have been giving them training in yoga and meditation besides equipping them with vocational skills to earn their livelihood. One of the oldest voluntary organizations in the state, Social Awareness Service Organisation (SASO) has started a short stay home - the first of its kind in Imphal - where FIDUs can stay for six months. It also helps them get reunited with their families.Esther who has spent time at the short stay home says that it helped her regain her confidence to start life afresh. \"Today, I run a grocery shop and am reunited with my family. I am confident that life ahead will be positive for me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11859966", "title": "Bollywood pays tribute to Whitney Houston", "text": "Singer Whitney Houston died at the age of 48! This news has rocked and shocked the world, as celebrities from across the globe pay tributes and extend their condolence to the voice that moved many-a-heart.Many Indian film personalities were mesmerized by Whitney Houston's voice. The news of her death left many feeling shallow, and they expressed their thoughts and emotions through their social micro-blogging site. From Shah Rukh Khan to Akshay Kumar and from Bipasha Basu to Priyanka Chopra, all seemed to feel a melancholic void as another world-renowned music legend left us too soon!This is what they have to say about Whitney Houston and her work...Shah Rukh Khan \"and v waste so much time on inconsequential aspects of life. criticism..cynicism...voyeuristic.live ur life so u don't miss it.whitney r.i.p\" (sic)Akshay Kumar \"The loss of one of the greatest voices of all time!! R.I.P. Whitney Houston. I will always love you. Another sad news this morning. Such things sometimes make you think how much for granted we take our lives... \" (sic)Priyanka Chopra \"LA bound..the Grammys will be sad.. Such a tremendous loss to the world ..\"there can be miracles..when u believe.. somehow u will\"thank u. \"Bitter sweet..memories..that is all..I'm taking..with me..so goodbye..pls don't cry\"RIP Whitney..u made me believe in magic and dreams.. \" (sic)Bipasha Basu \"I will always love you'! Whitney Houston's powerful voice will stay with us forever!RIP Whitney Houston! \" (sic)Sonam Kapoor \"#Whitneyh songs #Iwillalwaysloveyou &amp; #Iwannadancewithsomebody r 2 of my alltimefavsongs Only arethafranklin &amp; U sang w/such emotional depth... \"God gave me a voice to sing with, and when you have that, what other gimmick is there.\" #ripwhitneyhouston. \" (sic)Farhan Akhtar \"RIP Whitney Houston. \" (sic)Emraan Hashmi \"RIP Whitney Houston. We will always love you. \" (sic)Vivek Oberoi \"The world has just lost one of the most talented vocalists it has and will ever see. RIP Whitney Houston\" (sic)Siddharth \"and I ....will always love you...\" good night and good luck Whitney Houston...what a terrible tragedy. Gone too soon:( RIP \" (sic)Dia Mirza \"RIP Whitney... Your legend will live on... \" (sic)Celina Jaitly \"Just heard the unbelievable news of whitney H's death,how very tragic.. She gave us beautiful music &amp; left with so much music still within\" (sic)Neha Dhupia \"Shocked and saddened to hear about Whitney Houston .... So , So tragic! RIP\" (sic)Jiah Khan \"One of the first songs I learnt how to sing #iwillalwaysloveyou RIP whitney houston an angel sent down to enlighten us with her voice\" (sic)Mandira Bedi \"Whitney houston, my childhood idol.. Her music will always be remembered fondly.. RIP. \" (sic)Neelam Kothari \"She had a great sense of humour and was full of life.. A great loss! RIP whitney hasten. We will always love you!! She was one of my favourites.. Had the privilege of meeting her. \" (sic)Ken Ghosh \"The voice which was part of every college romance of the '80's is silent....R.I.P. Whitney\" (sic)Gaurav Kapur \"The angels wanted to dance with somebody. So they called one of our best. Treat her better up there, than she was down here #RIPwhitney\" (sic)Sanjay Suri \"I will always love you - whitney houston , still one of my fav love songs. Young age to go. RIP\" (sic)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11854915", "title": "Corpn to remove garbage bins from street corners", "text": "CHENNAI: The Corporation of Chennai is planning to remove steel bins located on various streets and instead place four or five large ones together at a single location in a bid to deter people from littering their neighbourhood. The civic body had tried out the model as a pilot project in ward 141 nearly two months ago. This model will now be replicated across seven zones that comprise old parts of the corporation.The bins would have a capacity to store 1,100 litres of waste, a corporation official said. He said this move would leave residents with no choice but to hand over their waste to tricycle collector, who would turn up every morning without fail. \"If the garbage bin at the end of the street is not there, there is no opportunity for them to litter. People will get over the habit of dumping their garbage,\" he said.The civic body has invited tenders for building the covered sheds under which these bins would be placed. \"The bins will be placed on a concrete surface and covered on top. Each zone is likely to require anywhere 15-22 such sheds depending on its size,\" said the official.The corporations-owned trucks would come once a day during non-peak hours and clear the bins. \"We have been getting complaints of our garbage collection vans creating traffic problems which will not happen. It will be just one trip, and will not enter residential streets,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11854779", "title": "Velim villagers petition for CEO's apology", "text": "MARGAO: Unhappy with the \"behaviour\" of the office of the chief electoral officer (CEO) regarding the recent raid on the parish priest of St Francis Xavier Church in Velim and the subsequent developments, the parishioners have initiated a signature campaign to petition the CEO.Putting their foot down, the villagers have said that 'they would contemplate boycotting the polls if their demands were not met\".The statements made by the CEO on Friday further perturbed the locals (of Velim) that the incident was an election-related raid by the flying squad. The villagers were earlier informed by the flying squad officials and their higher ups that it was an income tax (IT) raid.\"This brings the role of the CEO directly in the picture and hence once again we reiterate our demand for a written apology by the authorities concerned and restoration of the integrity of the parish priest,\" read a press release issued by the parish delegation on February 11.The Income Tax department has said that it has not seize any money or documents from any church premises in Goa. Referring to reports that the I-T department raided residence of parish priest of Velim, Joint director of I-T (investigation), Belgaum, M Rajasekhar said that \"a complaint was received in connection with the elections in the state of Goa regarding unaccounted money. As required under extant instructions of the election commission of India, the complaint was looked into as per the provisions of the Income Tax Act\".The parish delegation added that they were invited to Panaji by the CEO for deliberations on Friday and that they had not taken the help of any help of any political in their struggle for justice.The villagers have also demanded that the anonymous complainant be identified and action be initiated against him/her.The villagers in the petition said that as a \"minority community\", they were \"living in a state of fear\" after the raid on the church premises. \"We see this as an act to suppress our voice wherein our priest tried to advocate ethical voting,\" the petition reads.The parish delegation added that they were invited to Panaji by the CEO for deliberations on Friday and that they had not taken the help of any help of any political in their struggle for justice.The Income Tax department has said that it has not seize any money or documents from any church premises in Goa. Referring to reports that the I-T department raided residence of parish priest of Velim, Joint director of I-T (investigation), Belgaum, M Rajasekhar said that \"a complaint was received in connection with the elections in the state of Goa regarding unaccounted money. As required under extant instructions of the election commission of India, the complaint was looked into as per the provisions of the Income Tax Act\".He clarified that the I-T department had not carried out \"any raid or search operation in any church situated in Goa\" and that it did not carry out any seizure of any money or documents from any church premises in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "siliguri", "code": "11856025", "title": "CM blames Centre for Hills pact delay, seeks PM meet", "text": "SILIGURI: After the spat on devolution of funds, chief minister Mamata Banerjee blamed the Centre yet again on Saturday, this time for the delay in the Gorkha Territorial Administration (GTA) accord.The Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) has been pushing for GTA and has threatened to resume its agitation in Darjeeling if it doesn't come by March. It has been six months since the tripartite agreement was signed between the Centre, the state government and GJM on July 18, 2011, but the promised administrative set-up is yet to happen.\"I do agree with their complaint. There has been a delay. The Centre should not have done it. The Centre asked for clarifications from the state government on two clauses that we sent on time,\" Mamata said in Siliguri on Saturday with GJM general secretary Roshan Giri beside her, soon after her meeting with Morcha representatives.However, the chief minister is not on a warpath with the Centre on the issue. Mamata will meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in the last week of February (tentatively 23rd/24th) to find out why it is taking the Centre so long to clear the GTA Bill, she said. The CM, in fact, called up the PMO on Saturday to seek a meeting with the PM.At a railway programme at Gosaipur, about 15 minutes from Bagdogra airport, the CM announced on stage: \"I shall meet the Prime Minister to know about this inordinate delay in clearing the GTA. I shall also speak to him about the development required in Darjeeling, Cooch Behar and Bankura. I shall return to Darjeeling on February 28. The GTA deal was struck after a long time, after studying several clauses. We did not delay it. But now the Centre is sitting on the bill. We don't know why they are delaying things.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11856282", "title": "Ex-armyman\u2019s war on illegal posters", "text": "MUMBAI: A retired Indian Army colonel, who had earlier tied up with the Municipal Corporation of Delhi to pull down illegal posters on city roads, has now moved his fight to Mumbai.Col (retd) Shivraj (79) has now vowed to rid Mumbai of illegal posters, hoardings and banners.\"I visit my daughter, who lives in Colaba, every year. I was walking down Marine Drive when I noticed the stretch was full of illegal posters. I was appalled at how it marred the beauty of such an important landmark. I decided that I would replicate the Delhi model in Mumbai as well,\" said Shivraj.Shivraj is active on social networking sites and has roped in 200 people from across the city who are now actively involved in removing illegal posters and banners. Shivraj has met city bigwigs to attract attention to the cause. In a meeting with local corporators last week, he briefed them on the Maharashtra Prevention of Defacement of Property Act, 1995. \"It was shocking to know that most of our south Mumbai leaders had no clue about this law and were surprised that putting up posters was a punishable offence. They promised their support in getting the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation to take action against offenders,\" said Shivraj.However, the volunteers have also faced harassment. Volunteers in Cuffe Parade were roughed up by political party workers in January when they tried to remove their poll posters.To avoid trouble, Shivraj met joint commissioner of police (law and order), Rajneesh Seth on Thursday. Impressed with his efforts, Seth promised him that the police would remain vigilant and cooperate with his team at all times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11855678", "title": "Five-star dream, with Katrina &amp; Aston Martin on the side", "text": "LUDHIANA: Deepak Kathuria, 27, has a five-star dream - he wants to set up a chain of high-class banquet and dining restaurants across the country before the world comes to an end in 2012.Kathuria is the owner of a fine dining bar in Model Town Extension. \"After doing hotel management from Bangalore University, I did masters in hospitality management from Monash University. Besides, I also worked with big names in hospitality, including Leela Palace and French run 7-India Hospitality Group. These facts make me to wish to open a chain of banquet and fine dining as I have experience in this field,\" says the young man, who runs Colonels Cabin. \"My next wish is to get married with a decent and homely girl who takes care of me and my family,\"Having dinner with 'super-gorgeous' Katrina Kaif is next on the wishlist. \"She is a bubby actress who, besides being beautiful, is a wonderful actor. She was awesome in 'Namaste London', especially in the part shot in 'apna' Punjab,\" he smiles.Kathuria also wants to travel to Paris and New Zealand. \"I have been to New Zealand in 2009-2010 and I found it very beautiful. But Paris is one city I haven't been to but where I would love to travel,\" he shares. Crazy about car racing, Kathuria wishes to buy an Aston Martin and drive to Goa in it with his friend Shrey Gupta. \"However, If I would ever buy an SUV, it would be a Porsche . Shrey and I would drive to Ladakh in it,\" he laughs.Being a cricket fan, Kathuria would love to face Kapil Dev's bowling. \"I will also like to meet Sachin Tendulkar ,\" he wishes on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11854371", "title": "3 held with 45 fake driving licences", "text": "MUMBAI: Three persons have been arrested with 45 fake driving licences and 35 bogus auto and taxi drivers' badges by the west region squad of the Mumbai police.The accused have been identified as Mushtaq Ahmed Shaikh (34), Yusuf Abdul Rehman Shaikh (31) and Imam Mohammad Hanif Shaikh (78). Mushtaq worked as a licence agent near the Andheri RTO. He used to get in touch with drivers who could not produce the requisite documents for procuring a driving licence.The trio was arrested from Vile Parle and handed over to the local police for further questioning. The accused would reportedly only ask their clients for names and photographs to prepare bogus badges and procure fake licences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "soraon(allahabad)", "code": "11863841", "title": "Only 'aam aadmi' can change UP's fate: Rahul", "text": "SORAON(ALLAHABAD): Once again espousing the cause of aam aadmi (common man), Congress leader Rahul Gandhi said only 'aam aadmi' can change the future of the state and not any political party. Exhorting the youths of the state to usher a change in Uttar Pradesh, if they want to change the face of UP and said that he is not going to budge from UP until it is back on the track of development.Addressing a public meeting in support of Congress candidates in Soraon, Gandhi said that out of Rs 100, Rs 80 sent by the Central government for the development of the state has been gobbled up by successive governments led by Samajwadi Party(SP) and Bahujan Samaj Party(BSP).He however assured that this would never happen under a Congress regime in the state and 99 percent of funds sanctioned for development would be utilised towards development works in the state.Slamming the BSP and SP for only catering to the needs of their respective vote banks, Junior Gandhi said that this has left the common man in the lurch. Moreover both Maya and Mulayam have never visited the house of poor and needy to take notice of their plight. But on the contrary I meet them and share their misery and problems which is ridiculed by the opposition parties.Dubbing the governments led by SP and BSP as that of \"capitalists and builders\" Rahul said that voice of poor has been relegated to the background. But the Congress party would ensure that voice of Aam aadmi is heard in the corridors of power in the state capital, Lucknow.Attacking the India Shining slogan of Bharatiya Janata Party and NDA government he posed a question before the gathering as to how they react to this slogan and their opinion on whether the above saying is true or not.He recalled the fateful incident when lands of poor farmers in Bhatta Parsaul were acquired overnight by the state government without paying adequate compensation and thereafter ordering a crackdown against those who dared to oppose the move.Anticipating protests at the meeting venue, youth Congress and National students Union of India(NSUI) activists stood guard at the meeting spot to thwart any attempt by opposition parties to disrupt Gandhi's meeting, informed Youth Congress district president, Abhishek Shukla.Others present at the meeting included UPCC chief Dr Rita Bahuguna Joshi, Congress candidates from Phaphamau, Soraon and Phulpur, Shekhar Bahuguna, Ajay Pasi, Haji Mashooq alongwith district Congress president, Anil Dwivedi, Manas Sharma and UPCC spokesperson Jawed Urfi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11855442", "title": "IAS couple 1st test case of MP\u2019s anti-graft law", "text": "BHOPAL: Armed with sweeping powers under its new anti-corruption law, one of the first actions the BJP government in Madhya Pradesh may consider under the MP Special Courts Act is to seize the alleged \"ill-gotten wealth\" of the tainted IAS couple, Arvind Joshi and Tinu Joshi.Sources said their property, reportedly worth hundreds of crores, may be used for a high-visibility public cause, to send a message that government means business.\"Yes, attaching the wealth of IAS couple could be the first test case under the new Act, since confiscation of property involves a legal procedure. There is a perception within the government that such a strong first step, that too against two top babus, under the new anti-graft Act could signal a genuine determination to fight corruption,\" sources said.Legal sources said the state could exercise the new Act's provisions, which say: \"On the basis of prima facie evidence, where the state government has reasons to believe that any public servant has committed the offence, it may, whether or not the special court has taken cognizance of the offence, authorise the public prosecutor for making an application to the authorised officer for confiscation under the Act, of the money and other property.\"\"In this case, it is not just prime facie evidence or reasons to believe that we have. The IT department had already submitted its report to the state government indicating the quantum of wealth possessed by the two bureaucrats, which runs into many crores,\" they pointed out.\"The rules of MP Special Courts Act 2012 have already been framed, vetted by the law department and forwarded to the General Administration Department, which is expected to notify it within a couple of days,\" official sources said.As the departmental inquiry against the IAS couple is dragging on with a Retd Chief Secretary, Mrs Nirmala Buch, heading the probe, the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government has drawn flak from many quarters, including the opposition, for catching only the small fry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11849571", "title": "Sonakshi is not dating Ranveer", "text": "And the actor is definitely not making V-Day plans with her Lootera co-star Ranveer SinghIt was recently reported that Ranveer Singh was looking at spending Valentine's Day with his new love, Sonakshi Sinha . The actors, who are starring together in Lootera, were to spend V-Day together, after Ranveer apparently convinced director Vikramaditya Motwane to let them have the day off, as it would not have been just to work on the day of love, given that their film is an intense love story.Since his break up with Anushka Sharma, Ranveer and Sonakshi haveapparently become close. Sonakshi, though, has pooh-poohed the report stating that she is still single and loathes V-Day. Taking to her micro-blogging page, the actor wrote, \"I know it makes a good sensational copy to link co-stars and makes for grrreat gossip, but I just want to confirm that I am not dating or in a romantic relationship with anyone. Oh ya - AND sorry to burst your bubble but I absolutely loathe valentines day, so for me to fuss around it, would be most unlikely!\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11855043", "title": "Student missing", "text": "PATNA: A 20-year-old BCA student went missing after she left her house located on Road Number-25B under the city's Rajiv Nagar police station area on Friday.Sonam's father Vinod Behari Singh, a contractor, lodged a complaint with police late on Friday night. Rajiv Nagar SHO R S Singh said the girl left her house around 8.30am. Some of her friends talked to her around 9am when she told them she was in an auto. Her cellphone has been switched off since 11am, the SHO said and added efforts were on to trace her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11855332", "title": "MP among top three in church attacks, claims GCIC", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh ranks an embarrassing third among states that had the largest number of attacks on Christian churches in the last one year, according to the Global Council of Indian Christians (GCIC).Three out of the 15 reported attacks had occurred in December alone, says a GCIC report brought out earlier this week.According to the report, Only Karnataka and Orissa had reported a higher number of church attacks during the year.GCIC has listed 170 such incidents in the country, the highest being in Karnataka (45). Madhya Pradesh has logged 15 such attacks, three of which were in December last year.However, MP Home Minister Uma Shankar Gupta maintained to TOI over phone that he had no clue about such attacks in the state. \"I am not aware of the details of such attacks but I am sure the administration is vigilant enough to prevent those. The police take prompt action in all such cases,\"according to him.When asked for comment on the case involving RSS and VHP supporters destroying Bibles and beating up a pastor besides looting the place, the home minister disconnected the phone.Father Anand Muttungal Founder and Coordinator, Madhya Pradesh Isai Mahasangh (IMS) said, \"Even prayer meetings are being accused to be attempts at conversions. Previously the RSS and the VHP used to attack missionaries, but now the police are acting on their behalf,\" he alleged.Jerry Paul, State General Secretary IMS said, \"Last year, the racial profiling of Christians was being done on the basis of source of income and education. Fearing violent attacks like in Kandhamal, Orissa, we protested to the Chief Minister. It was after his intervention that the process was scrapped.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11856203", "title": "Key contests can determine parties\u2019 bragging rights", "text": "They are the big battles, the outcomes of which could set the tempo for the 2014 assembly polls. These key civic poll contests can also have a bearing on future BMC policy decisions.Take the case of Congress stalwarts and two-time corporators Sameer Desai and Rajendra Prasad Chaube, both pitted against strong opponents. Desai's opponent is also a sitting corporator. These contests are prestige issues and crucial to the party's future. \"With reservations for women, we are likely to see fresh faces. So, the party would like to have these two seniors in its folds for the next five years,\" said a senior Congress functionary.While Desai is facing the Shiv Sena's Raju Padhye, he also has to contend with Shashank Rao, son of BMC union and NCP leader Sharad Rao. Shashank has pledged support to the saffron candidate in Ward 50 (Goregaon). Chaube is facing the Sena's Abhishek Ghosalkar, son of MLA Vinod Ghosalkar in Ward 1 (Dahisar). \"More than anything else, it is a prestige issue for me,\" said Chaube.For the Sena, in its bastion in Dadar, party candidate Prakash Ayre is facing a tough battle against Samadhan Sarvankar, son of senior leader and Sena-turned-Congress man Sada Sarvankar. There is also a big fight in Ward 169 (Antop Hill), where mayor Shraddha Jadhav is facing five-time Congress corporator Ravi Raja. In Ward 5 (Dahisar), the Sena's Sanjay Ghadi is facing Prakash Darekar, brother of MNS leader Pravin Darekar. These are prestige battles for the Sena.For the BJP, the contests in wards 124 (Ghatkopar) and 80 (Parle) are crucial from the prestige point of view. Both areas are seeing rebel and sitting heavyweights. In Ward 124, chairman of the BMC improvements committee Bhalchandra Shirsat is pitted against BJP-turned-Congress man Pravin Chheda. The BJP's senior functionary Parag Alwani has fielded his wife Jyoti against the BJP's Preeti Bane in Parle. \"While we are focusing on our wards, everybody is watching these two contests,\" said a senior party MLA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11858167", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan is fine after surgery", "text": "Megastar Amitabh Bachchan , who has undergone an abdominal surgery, is likely to be discharged from the hospital.\"There is pain, but nothing good in life ever achieved without it,\" he tweeted last night post surgery.The doctors at the Seven Hills hospital here had said that the surgery, lasting over three hours, went well.It is learnt that Bachchan would be discharged around noon on Feb 12, 2012.The 69-year-old actor thanked his fans on Twitter for their wishes and prayers.\"Back...!! Thank you for your prayers... your love and wishes never fail... indebted for life, one that I shall never be able to pay back. Took almost 5 hrs on the OT, but could feel the concern and wishes of the TwFmXt every minute... you all are incredible... thank you,\" he tweeted.\"Took long because 2 surgeries had to be done on either side...,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11854289", "title": "Cabbies go off roads protesting cop action", "text": "MUMBAI: Taximen in Govandi, Deonar and Shivaji Nagar went on a flash strike on Saturday to protest against policemen who objected to the illegal parking of cabs along the Ghatkopar-Mankhurd Link Road.More than 500 taxi drivers went off the roads in the morning, took a morcha to Deonar police station and called off the stir in the afternoon. Taxi union leader A L Quadros, who led the morcha, told TOI, \"For the last four days, the cops have been harassing our drivers. They deflated the tyres of nearly 150 taxis and damaged two cabs. They want our taxis to stay off Ghatkopar-Mankhurd Link Road and park them elsewhere.\"Quadros said the cabs were not parked on the main road, but on the service road. \"The cabs are parked only during the night and are taken out early (around 6-7am),\" he added.Quadros said that when the morcha reached the police station, a few officers on duty assured him that cabbies would not be harassed anymore. \"They told us they would inquire into our allegations and will allow taxis to be parked in the same place,\" he added.The police have denied deflating tyres or damaging taxis. A police officer at Deonar denied that any assurance had been given on the parking issue. Deonar police senior inspector Prahlad Panaskar said warnings had been issued to the taxi drivers who, along with their union leader, had visited the police station to discuss the issue. \"The taxis are parked illegally in a no-parking zone on the main road. They were asked to park at the stands that were built for the purpose,\" said Panaskar. \"The matter has been resolved with a warning. If the taxi drivers continue parking in a no-parking zone, then they will be fined and action will be taken against the violators,\" he added.A taxi driver, Ejaz Qureshi, said, \" We want to resolve the issue amicably. We don't want any harassment from cops anymore.\"Quadros has threatened that taxis across the city would go on strike if the police did not stop the harassment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11855325", "title": "Puri Duronto to merge railway zones", "text": "KOLKATA: Nearly sixty years after the Eastern Railway (ER) and South Eastern Railway (SER) came into existence, a passenger link between the two will be established. On Sunday, when the Sealdah-Puri Duronto Express is flagged-off by railways minister Dinesh Trivedi , it will be the first ever long-distance passenger train to cross over from ER to SER without having to enter Howrah. Officials consider this a major development as it could lead to several possibilities like the opening of several new routes to connect locations in West Bengal directly to the western and southern parts of the country.\"Goods trains cross over between the two zones via two routes. One of these is via Santragachhi, Ramrajatala, Dasnagar, Tikiapara, Liluah Water Column, Belur, Bally and Belanagar. The second one is through Bhattanagar. Every day, nearly 15 goods trains pass between SER and ER at Bhattanagar Point. However, additional precautions need to be taken when allowing a passenger-carrying train to use the route.An inspection revealed that the route after Bhattanagar wasn't fit for running passenger trains. After this, several measures were taken to upgrade the stretch,\" said Soumitra Majumdar, Chief PRO, SER.According to him, SER general manager A K Verma inspected the tracks between Bhattanagar and Andul on several occasions to ensure that they were upgraded sufficiently. An inspection by the Commissioner of Railway Safety (CRS) was expedited and he observed that the tracks would need more packing of ballast. The work was completed without delay.The Sealdah-Puri Duronto, after leaving Sealdah, will pass through Bidhannagar Road, Dum Dum, Baranagar, Dakshineswar, Bally Ghat, Bally Halt, Rajchandrapur, Bhattanagar, Baltikuri, Bankra Nayabaaz and Andul. The train will be a tri-weekly one and will cover the distance between Sealdah and Puri in eight hours. Officials feel that the train will become popular as passengers will no longer have to travel to Howrah to catch a train to Puri.\"There is always a rush in Puri-bound trains. For most people living in and around North 24-Parganas, travelling to Puri entailed travelling to Sealdah by train and then taking a taxi or bus to Howrah. The timing of the train will also make it very convenient for office goers to spend a couple of days at Puri. It will leave Sealdah at 8 pm and reach Puri at 4 am. With the two terminals at Sealdah and Howrah becoming extremely congested, there is a need for another terminal. Till this happens one can consider originating and terminating a few new trains from larger stations like Barrackpore or Dum Dum. The opening of the new route will facilitate this,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "11854501", "title": "Omar strips tainted minister of education department", "text": "JAMMU: J&K; chief minister Omar Abdullah has divested Peerzada Mohammad Sayeed of his education portfolio after it emerged that he used his influence to have the department officials write his step-son's exam papers. Omar, however, has retained him in the ministry. \"He would continue to hold the public enterprise portfolio,\" said Omar.Earlier, Sayeed told reporters that Congress president Sonia Gandhi has \"rejected\" his resignation that he had submitted to her a day earlier. \"I am a true solider of the Congress and I preferred to submit my resignation to... (Sonia) rather than chief minister Omar Abdullah,\" said Peerzada. He called himself a \"Congress loyalist\" and said he would continue to serve the party.Sayeed said the allegations against him were an attempt to \"malign\" him and called it \"a planned conspiracy to ruin the relations between Congress and National Conference in the state.\" He clarified that Omar had no role in the \"conspiracy\" as his supporters had alleged a day earlier.A crime branch report had on Wednesday concluded that Sayeed had got two department officials to write his son's Class X Urdu, Geography and Math papers in connivance with J&K; State Board of School Education officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11855019", "title": "IPS officer's house burgled", "text": "CHENNAI: The house of an IPS officer in West Tambaram was burgled and gold jewellery and other valuables stolen. The officer was at work and his family members had gone to Marthandam near Nagercoil for a function.On Saturday morning, Mohammad, a tenant, found the door of his portion locked from outside and called neighbours who helped him to come out. Mohammed then saw that the lock of the main door on the ground floor broken and called IPS officer Dharmaraj's father, Guruswami, a retired forest ranger.Guruswami and other family members, who were returning to the city by train when Mohammed's call came, later found three cupboards broken. An inspection revealed that at least 10 sovereigns of gold jewellery and some other valuables were missing. The burglar or burglars appeared to have gained entry by breaking open the window grill, police said.The family members had gone to attend a wedding and also to fix up a marriage alliance for Dharmaraj, an additional superintendent of police (ASP) in Colachel sub-division in Kanyakumari district. Based on Guruswami's complaint, Tambaram police registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11861379", "title": "Facebook can terminate Mark Zuckerberg services 'at will'", "text": "WASHINGTON: Facebook can terminate services of its chief Mark Zuckerberg at any time for any reason, or even without a reason, but the social networking giant's founder and CEO also enjoys similar exit rights.As per Facebook's employment agreement with Zuckerberg, his tenure at the social networking giant would be on an \"at will\" basis, meaning his job can be terminated \"at any time for any reason or no reason\", either by him or by the company.The company has disclosed Zuckerberg's employment agreement, revised late last month, as part of an amended registration document for its upcoming IPO (Initial Public Offer) filed with the US market regulator Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).The global leader in social networking space is planning for a USD five billion dollar IPO, which could push Zuckerberg and a few others into the league of billionaires, based on the valuation of their shareholding in the company.While the job duties, title, compensation and benefits, as well as the company's personnel policies and procedures, might change from time to time, the 'at will' nature of Zuckerberg's employment can be changed only after a written agreement approved by the Facebook board.The employment agreement of Facebook's chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg also has an 'at-will' clause.Sandberg's agreement also provides for reimbursement of her business expenses by Facebook, although that of Zuckerberg has no such clause.One of the clauses also bars Zuckerberg from creating a rival to Facebook.As per the agreement, Zuckerberg cannot \"assist any person or entity in competing with the company, in preparing to compete with the company or in hiring any employees or consultants of the company.\"Similar clauses apply to chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg, chief financial officer David Ebersman and vice-president (Engineering) Mike Schroepfer, for the period these people are rendering their services to Facebook.The agreements are silent on whether these people, including Zuckerberg, can help create a rival to Facebook after leaving the company.The company said that Zuckerberg, as President and CEO, would get $500,000 of base salary and up to 45% of this amount as bonus every year.Sandberg and Ebersman would get an annual base salary of $300,000 each, while the same for Schroepfer would be $275,000. All the three executives would be entitled for a bonus payment of up to 45 per cent of their base earnings.The collective base salary and bonus of the four executives stand at $1.99 million (about Rs 10 crore).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11854862", "title": "New pipes to bring relief to Thammanam residents", "text": "KOCHI: After a year-long wait, the Kerala Water Authority (KWA) has started the work of replacing damaged pipelines on the Thammanam-Palarivattom stretch with new ones. The PWD, which was hesitant to give sanction to road digging, has finally given the nod.KWA has started the work on the 2-km stretch from Ananthapuri temple junction to Palarivattom junction. Frequent pipe bursts along the stretch are causing accidents. There were instances in which motorists were killed after they fell into craters formed due to pipe burst. Regular pipe bursts result in drinking water shortage as well. It is the Thammanam pump house that provides water to all parts of Kochi, except West Kochi area. To facilitate the work, traffic through the road has been diverted for the time-being. According to the KWA officials, they are trying to complete the work before the onset of monsoon.Various underground cables including those of BSNL passing through the road slow down the pace of work. Cross connections to branch pipelines and house connections also make the work more difficult, KWA officials say.Though the PWD authorities have given consent to dig the Thammanam-Palarivattom stretch of the road, they are yet to give permission to dig other roads to lay KWA pipes.\"The Kochi Metro Rail Corporation is all set to start some work on MG Road. That's why we are unable to give sanction for road digging,'' said T I Jose, executive engineer, PWD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "11856510", "title": "TDP, Left activists protest leasing of Bhavani Island", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Taking strong objection to the privatisation of Bhavani Island, a resort on Krishna river, activists of the TDP and Left parties staged a roadblock on the national highway on Saturday.Blasting the government for having given away the precious property, TDP district chief and legislator Devineni Umamaheswara Rao said that Bhavani Island was being turned into 'Chiranjeevi island' . He said that they would approach the courts if the government failed to reverse its decision.He alleged that the property was leased out to Pratyusha Company, owned by ports minister Ganta Srinivasa Rao.Umamaheswara Rao alleged that the decision to lease the island had been taken to show Congress' gratitude towards Chiranjeevi for merging his PRP with the ruling party.\"Who are they to share public property ? What right do they have? It is not a personal property that can be given away as one pleases,\" Rao said. He said that Bhavani Island was developed by former chief minister, late NT Rama Rao, to provide an affordable getaway for the people. After the agitation, which had gone on for an hour, police intervened to arrest the leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11854736", "title": "Rs 5 crore VAT evasion unearthed", "text": "Gujarat commercial tax department unearthed Rs 5 crore worth without bill transactions among utensil traders and manufacturers on Friday.Tax sleuths cracked down on 25 traders in Ahmedabad and Nadiad.Officials raided several units and traders in Naroda, Rakhial and Odhav where they suspected a large scale evasion of value added tax (VAT).\"We raided 11 traders in Ahmedabad and 14 in Nadiad. The raids covered manufacturers, dealers and re-sellers who evaded VAT in trade of scrap required for making utensils and further selling of finished products. We have already collected Rs 50 lakh as evaded tax from several traders,\" said a senior Gujarat commercial tax official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "11860396", "title": "Sexual exploitation: Sleeping pills mixed food served to parents", "text": "ROHTAK: In a shocking revelation, the minor girl of Sanghi village and alleged victim of sexual exploitation, used to serve sleeping pills mixed food to her parents on the instructions of her tormentor.Narrating her tale of woes to the Times of India at the shelter home in Rohtak where she was lodged for last two weeks, the victim girl hailing from native village of Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda disclosed that the accused youths used to tell that he belonged to a family with strong background and high connections.\"The youth used to visit the akhara near my house where I got acquainted with him. Within a week of getting in touch, he provided me a mobile phone. He also provided me sleeping pills asking me to mix the same in the food at dinner. After my family members fell asleep, he took me away on his motorcycle in a room at the outskirts of the village and then drop me back home around midnight\", the girl, who is a middle school drop out told the TOI. She has two younger brothers besides parents in the family.However, the affair was disclosed when her younger brother spotted her talking on the mobile phone and revealed to her father. \"When my father talked to the youth asking him to stay away, he threatened us to keep quite. After this incident, he became so daring that he took me away on his motorcycle in the presence of my brother and an uncle on January 27\", she said.Jaswanti, caretaker of the shelter home which also operates the child helpline told the TOI that the girl's father lodged a complaint of missing with the Ghilaur police post near the Sanghi village the same day. However, the accused youth took the girl to the police station the next day and alleged on behalf of the girl that she was facing threat from family. The police however sent her to the shelter home on January 28 and prefer not to detain the accused who had escorted her to the police station. The caretaker informed that during counseling, the victim revealed that she had been sexually abused by the youth who had also threatened her not to disclose the incident to anyone. \"We produced her to the child protection committee headed by the deputy commission on Friday after which a case was registered against the accused youth, the caretaker said adding that the girl belonged to a poor family and her father is an illiterate farmer. \"He visited the shelter home on Saturday and requested us to not to drag them in the police case. He was visibly shaken after the accused issued threats to him\", she said.The Rohtak SP, Vivek Sharma informed that the accused have been identified as Ravinder Kumar hailing from Mirzapur Kheri village, located in vicinity of Sanghi village. \"Our teams have been raiding various places and hoped to nab him soon,\" Sharma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11854538", "title": "Will rejected candidates still manage to play ball?", "text": "PANAJI: Monday, February 13, 2012 might turn out to be a 'Manic Monday' as the state's political landscape is likely to heat up with meetings of supporters of discarded hopefuls of a few major parties and the addition of candidates in the fray for March 2012 assembly polls.The prolonged negotiations over seat-sharing between the NCP-Congress leaders has put a spanner in the works of several aspirants, who are likely to be discarded in the race for tickets.The NCP-Congress combine is yet to decide on at least seven seats, while the BJP-MGP alliance has to finalize only one seat in Benaulim. The focus is now on Canacona, Saligao, Pernem, Mayem and a few other constituencies as the deadline for filing of nominations inches closer.The newly-formed Canacona segment is likely to develop into a multi-cornered contest with two Congressmen and two BJP MLAs poised to lock horns in the assembly polls.A Congress aspirant and former MLA, Isidore Fernandes is adopting a wait and watch stance. \"I will most probably decide tomorrow after the tickets are declared,\" he said.ZP member and another local Congress leader, Dayanand Pagui said his supporters have decided to wait for the party high command's decision on the ticket allotment matter. A meeting was held on Friday in the presence of former Congress MLA Sanjay Bandekar. \"My workers and supporters have convened a meeting on Monday at Sristhal and they will decide whether I should contest as an independent by noon,\" Pagui said.If the Congress party allots a ticket to him, he says he will be the first OBC candidate to be chosen.Both Fernandes and Pagui are poised to file their nominations as Canacona MLA, Vijay Paik Khot resigned on Friday as BJP MLA. The Congress is likely to allot the ticket for the newly formed Canacona segment, merging Poinguinim and Canacona.In Saligao, NCP state vice-president, Trajano D'Mello joined the poll bandwagon after he filed his nomination on Saturday as an independent. \"I am being backed by Lokancho Adhar,\" he said. The NGO, which he set up has been carrying out social work for a few years. D'Mello contested in 2002 and 2007, losing narrowly to Dr Wilfred de Souza the first time. According to reports, the NCP allotted the ticket this time to Suresh Parulekar.Congress leader, Surendra Furtado said he had written to the Congress party, asking for an explanation why he had been deprived of a ticket in Panaji. \"I have been elected independently five times as a councillor with public support,\" Furtado said. But he is still hopeful and waiting for word from the party.In Siolim, Congress aspirant, Francis Fernandes quit the party on Saturday and announced he would contest as an independent.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "buxor", "code": "11859949", "title": "Three sisters charred to death", "text": "BUXOR: In a tragic incident, three sisters were charred to death as fire engulfed their hut in Bihar's Buxor district, police said today.The fire broke out in the hut late last night fatally trapping the sisters trio Kanchan Singh (6), Damyanti Singh (4) and Hemanti Singh (20) in Dhansoi village, sources said.Deputy Superintendent of Police (DSP) Arvind Gupta and Sub-Divisional Officer (SDO) Nisith Verma rushed to the spot and gave Rs 4500 to the victims' father Kanhaiya Chaudhary, a labourer at a brick kiln unit, for cremation of their daughters under the Kabir Cremation Scheme.The officials also assured the bereaved family of grant of further assistance under the disaster relief fund, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11855655", "title": "Barbie birthday cake for Sia", "text": "LUDHIANA: Bhann family of Harcharan Nagar celebrated a cake-cutting ceremony for their 13-day-old daughter Sia.Gurvinder Singh Bhann said his wife Komal and him decided to celebrate the day as this was the first time that they had taken their little 'angel' to Gurdwara Dukhniwaran Sahib.Close to 150 people attended the ceremony. \"My father in-law Manjeet singh and mother in-law Amardeep Kaur, my parents Daljeet Singh and Inderjeet Kaur and my sister and brother-in-law Ravinder Kaur and Baljit Singh Bindra attended the function,\" Gurvinder said. He said a special cake in the shape of a Barbie doll was ordered for the occasion and it remained the centre of attraction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11855172", "title": "\u2018There will be no more Bhujbals in politics\u2019", "text": "NASHIK: The guardian minister of Nashik, Chhagan Bhujbal , told TOI that contrary to popular belief that more and more members of his family would join politics, there would be no more addition, unless one of the existing one dropped out. When asked about the public appearances of his daughter-in-law Shefali Sameer Bhujbal and speculation of her joining politics, he said, \"Till one of us (Bhujbal himself, his son Pankaj and nephew Sameer) withdraws from politics or retires, no other member from our family would join politics.\"Commenting on the growth of the Bhujbal clan in Nashik in the past few years, and the Congress party projecting its Sinnar MLA Manikrao Kokate as its posterboy to take on the Bhujbals in Nashik, he said, \"I am not immortal. More people should emerge as leaders provided they have the welfare of the people on their agenda. I am not bothered.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11855250", "title": "I-T dept Indore region may go for IS certification", "text": "INDORE: Encouraged with resolving a high 70% IT return-related grievances, Income Tax (I-T) department's Indore region is now planning to apply for the Indian Standard (IS) certification. The Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) normally gives the certificate --IS 15700-to a region on resolving more than 80% of I-T return-related grievances.Training record management and ambience are among the other criteria considered while awarding the certification. Pune, Kochi and Gandhi Nagar had received the certification nearly a week ago. Ludhiana, Mohali, Chandigarh, Surat and Ranchi have already applied for the same.Talking to ToI, Vinay Karn, additional commissioner, I-T, said, \"We are looking to achieve the target of 80% cases redressal by the end of the current fiscal. Once we achieve the target, we will also apply for the certification.\"It is in this context that the department held a day-long workshop on issues relating to Central Processing Centre (CPC) in Indore on Friday.On getting processed through CPC in Bangalore, all e-returns are directed to refund bankers' scheme in New Delhi which is an auto generated system that sends the refund amount directly to the taxpayers' registered bank account.Talking about the certificate, HL Upendra, in-charge director, BIS (Bhopal), said that it is given to ensure that the system delivery standard is in sync with the management principle and reflects the ability of a department to deliver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11855317", "title": "Institute does not have nod for MBA course", "text": "A day after the HC noted that Whistling Woods International (WWI) Pvt Ltd \"is not recognized by the All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) and does not have permission from AICTE\", the council's chairman S S Mantha confirmed on Friday, \"Whistling Woods has not approached the AICTE to seek approval.\"WWI runs a two-year PG diploma in media and communication with a global MBA in media and entertainment management. MBA courses need AICTE approval. Around 43% (or 175) of WWI's 400 students take this course, said Stuti Khanduri, who handles student services at the institute.The court had noted, \"In that sense, the running of the said course appears to be contrary to the provisions of AICTE Act and Regulations framed thereunder.\" From a small batch of 60 students - aspiring actors, filmmakers and screen writers - WWI's student enrollment grew by 400% to 400 students in 2012. It appears to have started a film-related course each time it smelt a market. Growth was strategically charted. WWI went for the twinning model, tying up with other degree-awarding universities, while acting as a study centre for them, observed experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11856308", "title": "Mayawati blasts Congress for Salman remarks", "text": "LUCKNOW: BSP supremo and chief minister Mayawati on Saturday slammed Congress leadership for shedding \"crocodile tears\" over the killing of Muslim youths in an \"anti-terrorist\" operation at Delhi's Batla house.\"If the Congress leadership was truly sincere on the issue, why did it not concede the popular demand for an independent judicial probe into the encounter?\" Mayawati asked at an election rally here. She was referring to union law minister Salman Khurshid's claim that Congress president Sonia Gandhi almost burst into tears when she was shown pictures of the Batla House gunfight.Mayawati sought to alert Muslims against the Congress leadership, whom she accused of \"misleading and fooling the entire Muslim community\".\"Why did the Congress-led governments not care to implement the recommendations of the Sachchar Committee if they were really sincere about bringing about upliftment of Muslims,\" she asked.Terming the recently announced reservation of 4.5 percent to Muslims as a political gimmick, she said: \"The UPA government's policy to give reservation to backward Muslims out of the 27 percent quota for OBCs was another way of creating confrontation between OBCs and Muslims.\"Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11861285", "title": "I have good relations with Army now: Gilani", "text": "ISLAMABAD: \"At the moment I have good relations\" with the powerful military, Pakistan Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said, weeks after they had a tense standoff over the memo scandal.Asked about his relations with the military during an interview to al-Jazeera, Gilani, said: \"At the moment I have good relations\".Last month, the government and the military had differed on the crucial issue of whether the Supreme Court should order an inquiry into the alleged memo that sought US help to stave off a military takeover in Pakistan after the killing of Osama bin Laden in May.Gilani reiterated his contention that the failure to detect bin Laden's presence in Pakistan should be shared by the world's intelligence agencies, which were all looking for the Al Qaeda leader.He said he was \"disappointed\" that the US conducted a unilateral raid to kill bin Laden in Abbottabad last year.\"This should have been shared with us. That was the reason why the unilateral action was not well taken,\" he said.Gilani said Pakistan was opposed to US done strike in the tribal belt bordering Afghanistan as the attacks are counter-productive and go against his government's efforts to isolate tribesmen from the militants.When there is collateral damage in the drone attacks, there is a reaction from the tribesmen, who unite with the militants, leaving \"less political space\" for the government, he said.Responding to another question, Gilani asserted that he was the chief executive and that his civilian government controls Pakistan.\"We are following the Constitution of the country. According to the Constitution, the chief executive is the Prime Minister. Therefore if you think (anybody else) is running the country (it) is wrong,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11854348", "title": "Woman stabbed to death in Palghar", "text": "MUMBAI: The 33-year-old daughter-in-law of a dairy farm owner in Palghar was found murdered in her home on Friday. The motive is unclear as nothing was stolen from the house. The police are awaiting the post-mortem report to determine if there was any sexual assault as the woman was found stripped of all her clothes.The victim had sustained eight to nine stab wounds. The police recovered a bloodstained hammer from the spot. Rajaram Shinde, DySP, said the assailant may have removed the victim's clothes to make it look like rape.The murder came to light around 1.30pm when the victim's son returned from school. When his mother did not open the door of the first-floor bedroom, he called his father who was at the dairy. They opened the door with a duplicate key and found the victim lying in a pool of blood.The cook, who was working in the ground floor kitchen, pleaded ignorance about the murder. The other servant had gone to the market. What has baffled the police is how the killer gained entry to the house when a market was in progress near the bungalow.Around 18 months ago, the dairy owner's daughter was attacked in her bedroom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11858350", "title": "Brand wars: Dhanush dethrones Suriya?", "text": "The Kolaveri Di singer-actor is apparently being wooed by brands associated with the Singam starWhen an actor's popularity rises drastically, he is bound to be flooded with movie offers and of course, brand endorsements. And Dhanush is no exception. With Kolaveri di... becoming a national rage hitting 43 million views, today the actor is being wooed by many.The buzz is that some brands which have been long associated with Suriya, and have him as their brand ambassador, are now competing to be associated with Kolaveri Di and ride its popularity wave.According to sources, while one brand is a popular telecom company in Tamil Nadu, the other is a national FMCG product. In-film product placement is just making inroads in Tamil cinema but it looks like with the success of this 'soup song', the 'brand'wagon finds it lucrative to be part of it.It may be recalled that when Munni Badnaam Hui in Dabanng became a national hit, FMCG brands rushed to tie up with the song and Malaika Arora Khan. However, when we contacted Dhanush, he remained tight-lipped on this subject. Looks like the movie wars have now become brand wars on-screen!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11855834", "title": "Stabbed in UK, Indian student battles for life", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 26-year-old Indian MBA student is battling for life in a UK hospital after he was stabbed at a party in Newham in east London on Friday. Police were yet to indicate a motive behind the incident, but unconfirmed reports suggested that a flatmate attacked the victim , Praveen Reddy, after a late-night party ended in a brawl.Praveen, who is enrolled at a business school in London, moved to Newham just two months ago and his family in Hyderabad does not know who his new roommates are. They suspect that Praveen was attacked in a tiff with his friends after a birthday party. \"Praveen telephoned us at 9.45am (IST) on Friday and told us he wanted Rs 50,000,\" his brother Jaya Shankar Reddy told TOI. \"A little later, when we called him , he did not respond. We suspect that minutes after Praveen spoke to us, he was stabbed and pushed from the third floor of his apartment.\" Jaya Shankar said residents saw Praveen in a pool of blood and took him to hospital.The brother of the Indian student who was stabbed in London on Friday, Jaya Shankar Reddy, said , \"The London Police informed us about the arrests in connection with the bid on Praveen's (victim's ) life,\" he said. \"We were told that some of the assailants are from Hyderabad.\" The attack came days before Praveen was scheduled to return to Hyderabad on February 17 to attend his brother's wedding.London's metropolitan police headquarters Scotland Yard said 11 people were arrested in connection with the attack but seven of them were later released. \"Seven have been bailed until future dates. Detectives from Newham Borough are investigating,\" said a statement. \"Police called at 08 .23 on Friday, 10 February to Newham General Hospital after a man (Praveen ) in his 20s was admitted suffering from stab wounds.\" It said the man is believed to have sustained injuries at an address in Kent Street, E13.London's Indian High Commission officials have been in touch with Scotland Yard and with doctors at Royal London Hospital where Praveen is admitted . The doctors have askedthefamily to rush to London. \"The hospitalsent a mail informing that the victim's parents should be there (for consent ) before they perform any surgery,\" said Jaya Shankar.External affairs minister S M Krishna spoketoP raveen's father, Sudhakar Reddy, and assured him help in facilitating visas. The attack is the third such assault on Indians in the UK since December last year.UNSAFE ABROAD?Praveen Reddy | MBAstudent at a businees school in London. Stabbed apparently in a party brawl on Feb 10Avtar Singh Kolar |62-year-old Kolar and his British wife Carole, 58, found murdered at their Birmingham homeAnuj Bidve |Masters' student of microelectronics at Lancaster University shot dead on December 26, 2011 in an unprovoked attack in Salford", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11860114", "title": "Kaushik Ganguly signs next flick with Suman", "text": "Though Suman Mukhopadhyay couldn't accommodate his dates when Kaushik Ganguly wanted him to play a character in his \" Shobdo\", the latter is more than happy to take to acting in the former's forthcoming project.Come Valentine's Day and Kaushik will begin shooting for Suman's feature film titled \" Kangal Malsat\".Way back in the 80s, Kaushik and Suman used to study together at Jadavpur University. It was during those days that Suman had directed three plays where he had cast his friend, Kaushik.Says Kaushik, \"It was Suman who offered me the main role of the protagonist of \"Kangal Malsat\". My character's name is Marshall Vodi. He is a rebel. Kabir Suman is playing my father in the film.\"Ask him about their days at JU and Kaushik says, \"Suman had directed me in three plays: \"Haripada Horibol\", \"Iman Kalyan\" and \"Notir Katha\". I am so glad that he has that faith in me as an actor and has cast me in such an important role. In fact, this is the first time I am acting in a feature film that's being directed by another filmmaker. I have acted in \"Laptop\" that's been directed by me. Then, I did Riingo's \"Ghuri\" but it was meant for television.\"What's interesting is that Kaushik will be required to use a lot of slangs in the movie. \"Yes, these are not the kind of slangs that one has heard in \"Baishey Srabon\". These slangs are much more innovative and different from what Tollywood has seen. In a sense, Suman is making a ruthless use of slangs. That's the language that the sub-altern characters speak in,\" Kaushik signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11855448", "title": "In this pilgrim centre, major issues: bad air and stench", "text": "The stink envelops the air, while dirty flows the Godavari. That is the state of this pilgrimage centre where thousands of tourists and devotees visit daily. To go to the temples, one has to meander through the encroachments with dilapidated structures dotting the roads. And to top it all, lack of basic facilities has made citizens' life miserable.Welcome to Panchavati, one of the six major divisions of the Nashik Municipal Corporation. Situated on the banks of the river Godavari, around hundreds of small and large ancient temples are located in the area. It is one of the four places in the country, where the Kumbh mela is held every 12 years.\"Cleansing and sanitary works in the Godavari and nearby areas in Panchavati are not carried out properly. Religious activities are continuously performed here in Ramkunda area but water is not released here constantly. Besides, encroachment around temples in the area is also another problem,\" says Satish Shukla, president of the Ganga Godavari Purohit Sangha.\"Temples along the Godavari must be made free from hawkers and permission to shops or hawkers must be given after proper planning. But this does not happen. A weekly vegetable market is held every Wednesday at Ganga ghat area on the banks of the river. Vendors sell meat in open spaces. Permission should not be given to such open meat shops, which affect the holiness of this area,\" Shukla says.It is not just the abuse of religious sanctity that is hurting the citizens. The residents of Sardar Chowk (ward 12) have expressed concern over dilapidated structures in the areas that is affecting the safety of the residents and the tourists passing through this spot. \"Sardar Chowk is always crowded as hundreds of tourists pass from here towards the Kalaram Temple and Sita Gumpha. There are some dilapidated structures in the area and that is a risk to the safety of residents and passersby,\" says a local.Moreover, some parts of the division are still deprived of the basic amenities like water, road, garbage lifting and street-lights.\"We have been waiting for a pukka road for the past decade and this is causes inconvenience during the monsoon.Besides,underground drainage has still not been laid down here. Electric poles in the area are very old and most of them have rusted. We do not have a single public lavatory in our area and most of the time we get contaminated water,\" says Mayur Dhatrak, a local resident of Hamalwadi.Areas That Constitute The DivisionMhasarul, Adgaon, Pokar Colony, Amrutdham, Konark Nagar, Nandur Manur, Meri, Gopalnagar, Rasbihari School Area, Datta Nagar, Kumawat Nagar, Hamalwadi, RTO Office, Borgad, Goraksha Nagar, Makhmalabad, Gandharwadi, Ashwamedh Colony, Ramwadi, Hanumanwadi, Krantinagar, Indrakunda, Rohininagar, Navnath Nagar, Phule Nagar, Bhararwadi, Kalikanagar, Vijay Nagar, R P Vidyalay, Mahalaxmi Theatre, Ganeshwadi, Tapovan, Sardar Chowk, Malviya Chowk, BSNL Office", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "new delhi/lucknow", "code": "11861888", "title": "Salman Khurshid on EC row: What I said was governance issue", "text": "NEW DELHI/LUCKNOW: Having landed himself in deep trouble with the Election Commission, union law minister Salman Khurshid today argued that his controversial comments on quota for minorities was an issue of governance and did not relate to polls even as the Congress virtually disapproved of the statement.Khurshid's remarks which led the Election Commission to censure him triggered a demand from BJP for his dismissal from the Cabinet with a comment that the \"law minister has become the main law breaker\" and that Congress was trying to \"communalise\" polls.The issue has nothing to do with elections and it's an issue of governance, Khurshid said about his comments on sub-quota for Muslims during the campaign for the ongoing elections in Uttar Pradesh.Khurshid told reporters he has only said what is there in the Congress manifesto and that the Election Commission is perfectly entitled to what it has done.In an unprecedented action, the EC yesterday sought the \"immediate and decisive\" intervention of President Pratibha Patil after it charged Khurshid with \"improper and unlawful\" defiance of its orders under which he was censured for promising sub-quota for minorities.The Congress while distancing itself from Khurshid's remarks said the party always wants its leaders to speak as per the norms of public life and law of the land.\"The Election Commission is a constitutional body. Congress always wants that all Congressmen should speak as per the norms of public life and the law of the land,\" AICC general secretary and media department chairman Janardan Dwivedi said in a statement.When asked to comment on Dwivedi's remarks, Khurshid said ,\"Hum bhi to yahi keh rahe hain...Sabko apne dayre me rahna chahiye\", (I am saying the same thing...Everyone should remain in his limits\".Congress leader Digvijaya Singh defended Khurshid, saying every political party has the right to talk about their programmes during election campaigns and it was not correct to press charges like these against political leaders.\"With great humility, I would like to ask the EC that if political outfits are not allowed to speak about their agenda, then the party manifesto should also be stopped,\" Digvijaya said.Leader of Opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj of BJP demanded dismissal of Khurshid as the law minister for acting against the Constitution.\"We request the President to withdraw her pleasure and dismiss Salman Khurshid as a minister of the Cabinet for acting against the law and the Constitution,\" she tweeted.BJP leaders L K Advani and Arun Jaitley, Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha, also made a similar demand.\"The PM should sack Khurshid for making comments on EC. No minister had ever made comments against the EC in such a way. After being censured by the Commission, the minister is making mockery of model code of conduct\", Advani said.\"I have reason to believe it's a part of scripted conspiracy by Congress to communalise UP elections...the more it's done...you might save yourself from the utter disgrace,\" Jaitley said.\"It is my appeal to Prime Minister that such cheap tradition should not be set that during elections the Law Minister become the main law breaker,\" he said.BJP leader Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said if the government does not remove Khurshid, then \"we will consider that this (Khurshid's remarks) is a collective statement of the Congress.\"Supporting the EC's move against the Law Minister, CPI(M) General Secretary Prakash Karat said the Commission has the complete right to implement code of conduct in case of any violation.JD-U president Sharad Yadav maintained that the Law Minister has a \"politically-driven agenda\" and demanded that the Prime Minister should \"ban\" him in Uttar Pradesh as he was trying to \"desperately\" get votes.\"He is talking about nine per cent reservation. Even if he turns things upside down, it will not happen. Only Lok Sabha can do something,\" the JD-U leader said.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11854461", "title": "Brother of girl who died saving him still in shock", "text": "MUMBAI: The brother of the girl who died while trying to save him from being run over by a pick-up truck in Malad (W) on Friday is still in a state of shock, say officers.Meanwhile, Steven Saldanha, the driver of the truck that mowed down 13-year-old Sayali Prajuli, was released on bail on Saturday.On Friday, Sayali managed to save her younger brother Jayesh by pushing him away when she saw the truck reversing in their direction. Unfortunately, Sayali could not move away on time as her shoe got stuck in the mud. Saldanha (50), a resident of Madh, was produced before a metropolitan court on Saturday and released on a cash bail of Rs 15,000 as the offence was bailable in nature.The police said Jayesh, who had witnessed the mishap, was severely traumatized. \"Whenever he thinks of the incident, Jayesh stops talking. He is in a state of shock,\" an official said. When he fell to the ground on being pushed away by his sister, Jayesh sustained minor injuries. He was treated at Bhagwati Hospital in Borivli. Sayali and Jayesh were walking to their school on a kutcha road near the Madh church when the accident took place. \"Saldanha did not flee after he realized that the truck had hit a schoolgirl. He took the help of the school's headmaster and took Sayali and Jayesh to the hospital himself. As he was a local, he was spared the wrath of the crowd of onlookers,\" a police official said.A neighbour of the siblings, who witnessed the accident, said Saldanha should have checked before reversing the truck.Pupil hit by bus in general wardZahraa Shaikh ( 6), a student of Podar International School, Santa Cruz, who was injured in a bus accident on Tuesday, was shifted to the general ward on Friday. She was admitted to the ICU at Nanavati Hospital after she was hit by her own school bus. She will take a few months to recover before joining school again, her parents said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11856597", "title": "MGF sidetracked joint venture vehicle, says CBI", "text": "HYDERABAD: The joint venture vehicle Emaar Hills Township Private Ltd (EHTPL) created by Emaar and APIIC turned into a mere shell company in the hands of Emaar-MGF Land Ltd that was virtually run by MGF. The CBI charge sheet in the Emaar scam says that MGF swallowed almost all 258 acres of prime government land without giving anything to EHTPL.What has surprised APIIC, which has a 26% share in the joint venture, was the MGF move to sell all villa plots at a price of around Rs 50,000 per square yard to gain more than Rs 100 crore. APIIC did not receive any share of this huge amount as Emaar Properties (PJSC-Dubai ), the original partner, had acted with a criminal motive to cheat the former , the CBI chargesheet said.Only Rs 5,000 per square yard was shown as the price on record and, although MGF's own records suggest that Rs 48 crore was to be paid to EHTPL as its share in the gross revenue earned by MGF, nothing was given to EHTPL.According to CBI, two MGF employees, Vijay Menon and Srikant Joshi, had signed the development agreement cum GPA for developing the entire land belonging to EHTPL on July 25, 2007. Nobody from the state or APIIC was a signatory to this agreement despite its effecting transfer of prime government land to a private party.Menon signed as representative of EHTPL and Joshi signed on behalf of MGF. The CBI chargesheet says that that was a step taken with a fraudulent intention since both of them were from MGF. An agreement drawn in 2006 was cancelled and an addendum was included in 2008 by Vijay Raghav and Joshi.Again, both belonged to MGF and the state was represented by none. This addendum was not even approved by MGF's board, the CBI chargesheet said. This unauthorised addendum totally changed the revenue sharing agreement in place between EHTPL and MGF without discussing the same with the government .The revenue from these leases, including commercial leases, was, CBI said, reduced to 5% from the earlier 25% on account of the changes made to the agreements. The entry of MGF into the deal originally struck between Emaar and APIIC was itself achieved through unofficial and questionable means without the government being informed about it.MGF was entrusted with the task of fixing the rates for villa plots keeping in mind prevailing market rates but that was never done. It showed Rs 5,000 as the official selling price and not the Rs 50,000 per square yard that was actually collected.Further, CBI said that Sravan Gupta, the Emaar-MGF MD, owns a company called M/s Discovery Estates Pvt Ltd which was being run by him and his wife who together hold a 99% stake in the company .Gupta floated 10 companies , seven in Delhi and three at Ernakulam with MGF employees being shown as directors in these companies, and acquired 18 villa plots at a price of Rs 5,000 per square yard in 2010 even though the prevailing rate per square yard at the time was Rs 50,000 per square yard. Gupta bought these plots with money that was transferred from his own firm. These plots were bought with an intention to resale at premium, the CBI said in its chargesheet.According to CBI, the money earned through the sale of another 118 plots - shown in records as having been booked through EHTPL - too never reached EHTPL as the sales were effected by Stylish Homes Company. All the money was received by MGF and misappropriated by it. Joshi purchased a villa plot in the name of his wife Jyotsna at Rs 5,000 per square yard in 2010, the CBI said in its chargesheet . He had also booked an apartment in the township project at a price of Rs 3,000 per square feet when the prevailing rate for the same was Rs 6,000 per square feet. As a result, CBI said, the actions of Emaar and its unofficial partners constitute criminal breach of trust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11856586", "title": "Kiran Kumar gears up for bypoll battle", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy is going to face a major challenge in Kadapa district where three Assembly constituencies , Rajampet, Railway Koduru and Rayachoti, will see bypolls in case Speaker Nadendla Manohar decides to disqualify the 16 Congress MLAs who violated the party whip in the recent no-confidence motion. Congress MLAs K Srinivasulu (Railway Koduru), A Amarnath Reddy (Rajampet) and G Srikanth Reddy (Rayachoti), who are loyal to YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy, are facing the disqualification heat.Congress sources said that the dominant Reddy and Balija communities in the area are not comfortable with Kiran Kumar's politics. While the Reddys are siding with Jagan , Balijas are apprehensive about the CM's gameplan for these areas which, along with his own constituency Pileru , are part of the Rajampet Lok Sabha constituency where Kiran Kumar's family has developed special interests.Indicating that he is going to lead the campaign for the byelections, the CM addressed a preparatory meeting of party leaders in Tirupati on Saturday where he said that special schemes alone would not help the party in winning at the bypolls. The purpose of Saturday's meeting with party workers at Tirupati is to set the party machinery rolling for the bypoll campaign . These byelections are crucial for Kiran Kumar what with his brother N Santosh Kumar Reddy being promoted as the party candidate for the Rajampet LS constituency for the next general elections . But for that plan to succeed , the CM has to first win the three Assembly seats which come under this Parliamentary constituency. The whisper campaign for the Rajampet LS seat has left sitting MP and former Union minister A Sai Pratap, a Balija leader , peeved and community leaders are apprehensive about the CM's brother snatching the Rajampet seat away from them, according to an erstwhile PRP leader.The immediate task at hand for the CM is to win over the Balijas and wean away Reddys from Jagan. Sources said that the CM's new-found love for Chiranjeevi was to garner support among the Balijas in this area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "11855528", "title": "Married girl elopes with 'lover' in Ambala", "text": "AMBALA: A married girl has reportedly eloped with a boy of her neighborhood in a locality on railway road of Ambala city. She even sent a fax message to the police alleging that she was married forcefully by her parents. Now, the police is verifying the truth of the letter.In the communication, the girl, 22, wrote that they were in love since long and ran willingly. On the other hand, her parents approached the police alleging that the boy Hitesh, 27, misguided her to elope with him. Meanwhile, family members of boy approached the Punjab and Haryana High Court alleging that the police have illegally detained uncle of Hitesh, Alok Nath. The warrant officer appointed by HC raided the police post on Friday night and got him released.According to deputy commissioner of police, Ambala, Shasank Anand, the police had called family members of both girl and boy to investigate the matter. The family members of her in-laws, where she was married, were also present at the police post during the raid of warrant officer. \"If the girl was married forcibly by her parents, we would help her to remarry with the boy of her choice. We would also ensure her protection,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11862478", "title": "Vedike demands to address concerns of displaced", "text": "MANGALORE: The Karavali Karnataka Janabhivriddhi Vedike (KKJV) has demanded that before any major project is launched here justice be done to those already displaced by Karnataka Industrial Areas Development Board (KIADB) by March end this year.The KKJV made this statement in the backdrop of the 'Karnataka Export Vision 2020' exporters' conclave being organized here on Monday.TR Bhat and Vidya Dinker from vedike said they wanted to focus public attention to important issues concerning persons affected by large scale development projects and the need for an inclusive approach while giving emphasis to export promotion.They warned that inaction or disregard of their legitimate demands will force them to launch a campaign to harness public opinion across the state against the Global Investors Meet (GIM) planned in June this year in Bangalore. They pointed out the much feted export oriented industry projects were clearly guilty of repeatedly compromising safety of employees and the bystander population, going back on Rehabilitation and Resettlement obligations of providing each Project Displaced Family a job, of usurping land far in excess of requirements and of a total disregard to transparency and accountability norms.\"The portfolio of Corporate Affairs carries the charge of Corporate Social Responsibility within its ambit. Instead of taking corrective action against proven corporate misconduct, the ministry has been harping upon acquisition of more land for the Special Economic Zone,'' they alleged.They said that development should bring lasting benefits to the people immediately affected by mega projects and recurring returns to the society at large, not just to corporates. ``The state may welcome them but past experience here and elsewhere does not inspire confidence in the minds of the general public and the most vulnerable sections of the society. We believe projects which do not bring about equitable growth and ensure social justice are counterproductive,'' they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11863878", "title": "Groom calls off marriage after scuffle at wedding procession", "text": "SURAT: A petty scuffle over dancing during the wedding procession has cost a groom heavily in a village of Surat district. Not only did the marriage fall apart, the bride, too, filed a complaint of rape against him.The bride lodged a complaint against the groom Anil Vasava alleging that he forced her into physical relationship for nearly 18 months after their engagement.All was going smoothly for Vasava and the bride till February 5 when he took the baraat to her village Bodhan in Umarpada taluka of the district. The bride's family cordially welcomed the guests and treated them to a sumptuous lunch before the marriage ceremony. When the procession started, a tussle broke out between the revelers and some villagers on the issue of dancing. Vasava also got involved in the fight and fired expletives at the bride's family.Enraged by his foul language, the bride slapped him in front of all the guests. Feeling insulted, Vasava promptly decided to call off the marriage and left the venue. Despite fervent pleading by the bride's family, he refused to budge. Even the attempts by the sarpanches went in vain.After their engagement, Vasava had requested the girl to stay at his house in Bharuch for some days to take care of his ailing mother. During her stay, he allegedly forced her into physical relationship, as per the complaint. The bride alleged she became pregnant but Vasva's mother got the foetus aborted by giving her some household medication.Following the abortion, both families decided to fix the marriage for February 5.\"We are collecting details related to the incident and the accused will be arrested,\" said R G Desai, sub- inspector, Mandvi police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "11856200", "title": "Congress will weep after UP poll: BJP", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Irrespective of the fact whether Congress leader Sonia Gandhi has shed tears on the Batla house issue or not, her party will weep after the declarations of UP poll results, BJP said on Saturday.\"Digvijay Singh says that Sonia Gandhi did not shed tears on the Batla house issue, while other party members say that she wept over it, but it is sure that Congress will weep after the declarations of poll results,\" senior BJP leader Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said. Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh on Friday rejected Union law minister Salman Khurshid's claim that Batla House encounter picture brought tears into the eyes of Sonia Gandhi.While addressing an election meeting in Azamgarh on Thursday, Khurshid had said that the pictures of encounter brought tears into the eyes of his party president, who asked him not to show her the pictures.The BJP also moved the Election Commission today seeking a ban on Khurshid's campaigning in UP. Naqvi said that Rahul and Priyanka both are playing \"dubious\" games with voters to hide the shortcomings of the UPA government as they know that voters will not forgive them for the \"open loot\" of public money committed by their party leaders.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11854586", "title": "Strange tools make for sublime tunes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Didier Malherbe, Loy Ehrlich and Steve Shehan of the Hadouk Trio have musical inspiration from figures as eclectic as the instruments they play. Admirers of Hariprasad Chaurasia, and Ravi Shankar , the renowned French band offered Ahmedabad an evening of ethnic jazz with the most exotic air, stringed and percussion instruments from different parts of the world on Saturday night at Natarani.The djembe, the hajouj and the doudouk assembled musical pieces at ease, and the mood of the evening changed with the well-orchestrated changes in melody and beats - from subtle lilts to rhythmic exuberance.In a piece called 'Dragon de lune', Loy's keyboard aptly accompanied Didier's soprano saxophone as Steve showcased his virtuosity on the percussion instruments.A composition from their album 'Baldamore' had the audience captivated by the rhythm of Steve Shehan's duff, which he played holding straight. A goddess from the Pacific Island was their inspiration for the next song.With Didier explaining his doudouk to the audience in its assembled elements, Steve Shehan picked up his hang, an instrument with tone panels etched on two air-filled plates, and the evening moved on to a plane where endless mixing of sounds became the norm. A composition from their latest album Air Hadouk showed Steve Shehan - who has played with the likes of Bob Dylan and Paul McCartney - in his element. Loy impressed the audience with the African flavours in his hajouj.The Hadouk Trio subtly amalgamated tunes of Armenia with the music of the east and the desert duffs, and yet characteristically offered a platter defined by the boundaries of none on this evening. It was the freewheeling possibilities of musical creation, without the barriers of region or genre that kept the audience spellbound.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11858494", "title": "Music for the soul", "text": "Lovers of Sufi music have all reasons to be overjoyed.For the annual Sufi and mystic music festival, Ruhaniyat, is set to take place in Chennai and will feature some unique performances like Bektashi Sufiana songs from Turkey, Tannoura dance and traditional music from Egypt, Sufi Kalams from Rajasthan (by Mamme Khan and group), Baul music from Bengal (by Parvathy Baul), Qawwali (by the Hyderabad-based Ateeq Hussain Bandanawazi and group) and mystic music from Kashmir (by Abdul Rashid Hafiz and group).Says Ramesh Babu, who came up with the idea of organizing such a festival 11 years ago, \"All genres of music have a festival celebrating them. So, to have such a festival for Sufi and mystic music is a dream-come-true for me.\" But Ramesh says that his festival is a platform to showcase the raw and real face of these music forms with traditional, unknown performers.Selecting these performers, Ramesh reveals, is a continuously evolving process. \"We don't plan for just that year. We talk to performers across the globe all through the year,\" he says and adds, \"Almost 3,000 musicians have been a part of this event since its inception.\" For Turkish musician Latif Bolat, who will be performing Bektashi Sufiana songs today at the event, Ruhaniyat has not only helped him learn from other musicians but has also given him the feeling of performing the songs the traditional way.\"We have lost the traditional way of performing our music; today, we perform in concert halls in our country. But, coming to India, and performing in gardens gives me the satisfaction of performing in a time-honoured way,\" he says.Talking about how Bektashi Sufiana differs from popular Sufi music, he explains, \"First, the poetry is different. Also, the rhythmic patterns are different and we use the Turkish folk instrument saz for the performance.\"Giving us a lowdown on the Tannoura dance, Mohammed Farghaly, who will be performing with other whirling dervishes, says that it is a traditional dance form that was brought to Egypt by the Turkish. \"Each performer wears a skirt of a different colour and each colour represents a Sufi way. Tannoura refers to both the skirt worn by the dancer and also the dance itself,\" he explains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11855252", "title": "Times Fun and Fitness Fest ends on high note", "text": "PUNE: Making fitness fun and part of people's daily lives, the Times Fun and Fitness Fest concluded on Saturday with three events, which received overwhelming response from Puneites.While the 'Nritya for body and soul' event conducted by Bharatnatyam exponent Suchitra Date witnessed over 100 participants from the city, the indoor cycling event saw over 50 participants sweating it out on the spinning bikes. In the beach volleyball event, 12 corporate teams vied for top honours.The Blazing Sunburns team, which consisted of Sharayu Rao and Hemali Doshi, won the inter-corporate beach volleyball event in the women's category, while Praveen Gopalkrishna and Abdul Khalid won in the men's category. Sameer Shingala won the indoor cycling event.Hosted by Vilas Javdekar Eco Homes, a real estate development firm, at their 'Palladio' scheme in Tathawade, all three events concluded on a high note.Date, who is a trained psychologist and therapist by profession, taught participants how Bharatnatyam could be used as a therapy to treat illness. \"I have been using this dance therapy for people suffering from Parkinsons, Alzheimer's, polio and even autism. It has worked wonders with them. I design the format of the therapy as per the illness and the results have been good,\" she said.On Saturday evening, more than 50 of her students and over 50 Puneites participated in the hour-long workshops, where she taught how basic dance steps could be used for relaxation and to strengthen the muscles in body.Prerna Seth, one of the participants, said, \"It was a wonderful experience. The most important part of the workshop was that it was fun. There was a mixture of dance and exercise and I never thought exercise could be so much fun.\"Another participant, Rucha Shah, a mother of two, said, \"As we grow, we tend to ignore daily exercises. They become boring. But, today's workshop has just given exercising a new dimension and it's definitely not boring anymore.\"While the dance therapy workshop took place on one of the basketball courts at 'Palladio', the indoor cycling event was conducted on the lush lawns. Sujit Lavalekar, master instructor for spinning, conducted a competition in cycling. The event received a fantastic response with men and women vying for honours.Lavalekar, who has a certification in spinning from Germany, said, \"Spinning competitions are common abroad. They are still new to India, but I believe it is the most effective way for those who wish to burn their calories. With enough motivational skills and technique, one can burn about 800 to 1000 calories in a single session of one hour.\"The beach volleyball court, at 'Palladio' is the first in the city and 12 corporate teams from the city battled it out for top honours. The teams included Capgemini, Infosys, Convergys , among others. Besides the men's teams, there were also a couple of women's teams who sweated it out on the beach court. The matches were held on a knock-out basis and each team contained two players.Earlier, 'equipment-free' exercises were organised for Puneites. Short fitness programmes based on multiple fitness activities such as yoga, Hasya-yoga (laughter therapy), aerobics, Bollywood dancing, volleyball and basketball were conducted across Pune.The fest was partnered by fitness experts from Art of Living and Shiamak Davar's Dance Academy. The event was also conducted at many corporate campuses, such as Wipro, Capgemini, Tech Mahindra, and Sunguard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore/ malampuzha", "code": "11855102", "title": "Malampuzha beckons", "text": "COIMBATORE/ MALAMPUZHA: When Malampuzha Garden on the western slope of the Western Ghats in Palakkad district opened for the public last week after a major renovation, Coimbatore got back one of its most sought-after weekend getaways. Ever since a dam was built across a tributary of Bharathapuzha river and a garden set beside in the 1960s, it has been attracting a large number of visitors from western Tamil Nadu.\"The renovation has brought new charm to the garden, which I have been frequenting since my childhood. The new entrance gate and the illumination of the main areas are much better,'' says P Kalidas, a businessman from Podanur.The refurbished rock garden, the only one of its kind in south India and conceived by Nek Chand Saini, also won his fancy. The revamped garden has a japanese park, nandi park, children's park, rock garden and a new boat jetty. \"The revamped garden is located close to the beautiful dam with spectacular views. And, the ride on the ropeway on top of the reservoir was a thrilling experience,'' said S J Santhia of Sulur, who visited the place on last Saturday.According to V K Mahanudevan, chief engineer and special officer of Malampuzha Dam, is now spread across 111 acres of land. A few more recreational facilities have been planned. The snake park run by the forest department will also get a facelift soon, he said.\"Now the area is bigger than that of the Brindavan in Mysore. We have also taken steps to ensure that it environment friendly. It would be a plastic free zone,'' he added. According to C K Radhamani, chief engineer (projects) of Kerala Water Authority, the garden has been renovated on the lines of a Mughal garden.\"The advantage is the garden is so close to Coimbatore. It's just 45 km away and we can drive directly to the site without passing through Palakkad town as there is diversion from Kanjikode,'' says M Muruganandhan, a resident of Vadavally, who was seen enjoying a walk on the hanging bridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11855026", "title": "Railways' move to 'restrict' crowd at stations", "text": "PATNA: To prevent security lapses at railway platforms, the railways is learnt to have decided to strengthen its 'Integrated Security Scheme' (ISS), which was introduced in the Northern Railway and Western Railway in April 2011. A comprehensive plan, prepared after consultation with railway security experts, is likely to find a mention in the ensuing rail budget.Since most of the stations of Hajipur-headquartered East Central Railway fall under Maoist-affected areas, the zone is likely to get priority, said a Railway Board official. According to the official, states and Union territories have been asked to extend cooperation to the railways to further strengthen security measures under the revamped ISS in view of perceived threat from terror or Naxal outfits.The official said the railways earlier mooted a proposal to introduce security measures on a par with airport security system. However, it could not materialize. The railways is still seriously contemplating moves to restrict rush of visitors to the stations to receive or see off their near and dear ones, he said and added terrorists often take advantage of \"a chaotic situation caused by a crowd'.According to sources, Railway Board chairman Vinay Mittal at a high-level meeting in New Delhi recently underlined the need to improve ISS in all the railway zones. The Railway Board has approved a plan to spend Rs 600 crore on the ISS. While sophisticated security gadgets have already been purchased for the RPF and RPSF in each zone, steps are being taken to increase the strength of armed forces at vulnerable and crowded stations across the country, including Patna Junction.Under the plan, internet protocol surveillance would be introduced to keep tabs on the movement of suspects on the railway premises. The railways would also install baggage-screening system, explosive- detection system, bomb disposal machine and CCTVs, among other devices, at the stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11855522", "title": "Govt must correct itself on Upa Lokayukta: Governor", "text": "Bangalore: Karnataka governor HR Bhardwaj on Saturday caused further embarrassment to the state government by endorsing the views of chief justice Vikaramajit Sen on the appointment of Justice Chandrashekaraiah as Upa Lokayukta.\"Many apex court judgments say effective consultation has to be held while appointing a Lokayukta or Upa Lokayukta. The chief justice says this was not done. The government has erred by acting on wrong advice So it's the government's responsibility to correct it,\" the governor said on the sidelines of a function.Justice Sen has maintained the appointment is illegal because he was not consulted.On Chandrashekaraiah's appointment, Bhardwaj said it's not just the governor and the CM; \"there are two presiding officers, two opposition leaders and the chief justice who are part of the selection process. Effective consultation was not held. I approve after this process\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ambaji", "code": "11863903", "title": "Modi wraps up Sadbhavana mission with Cong bashing", "text": "AMBAJI: Gujarat chief minister had announced his state-wide Sadbhavana mission on September 17, his birthday, five days after the Supreme Court refused to pass any order on a plea to prosecute him in post-Godhra riots. On Sunday, he wrapped up his marathon fasts in the temple town of Ambaji, a day before a court in Ahmedabad opens the Special Investigation Team (SIT) repot on Gujarat riots, which has given him a clean chit.Modi hit out at his detractors and \"anti-Gujarat\" forces warning people that they should be prepared for a severe outburst of criticism against him within the next 24 hours.\"There will be a blizzard in the form of criticism in the next 24 hours, but the anti-Gujarat forces shall not be successful in doing any harm,\" Modi said to an applauding audience.He continued his diatribe against the Congress and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in the town that was painted in saffron and bursting at its seams. While there is never a let up in the number of devotees, thousands thronged to attend Modi's 36{+t}{+h} and last Sadbhavana mission fast.He said that opposition is unable to digest the peace and development of Gujarat.\"They cannot see Muslims, Christians and people of other religions working together. A handful of people who are against Gujarat are baffled by the success of Sadbhavana,\" he said.Singh also came in for some harsh words from Modi, who accused him of making mere statements on malnutrition and doing nothing about it.\"He (Prime Minister) accepted that malnutrition was a shame, but what next. Expressing his pain will not solve the problem,\" Modi said, adding how Gujarat had shown the way to tackle the problem. \"Hundreds of people have donated sukhdi and dry fruits for the malnourished children in Gujarat,\" he said.Meanwhile, Congress' parallel Satkarma fast to Modi's found far less takers as the difference in the number of people was visible. People were seen leaving the Congress' fast venue immediately after its top leaders had finished speaking.The local BJP unit had ensured a massive crowd for Sadbhavana as more than 500 state transport buses were pressed into service to bring villagers to the venue.Spiritual preacher Ramesh Oza even compared the Sadbhavana fast with Ashwamegh yagna performed by the kings in the past to conquer small kingdoms. He said this was the fast for the betterment of the people.BJP Rajya Sabha MP Smriti Irani and in-charge of Gujarat affairs Balbir Punj also attended the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11855755", "title": "Unchained container was reason behind mishap: traffic police", "text": "JAIPUR: The traffic department on Saturday arrested the driver of the trolley-truck from which a container had fallen over a car causing death of three people including an 8-year-old boy on B2 bypass the previous night. The truck owner has also been booked for negligence as the container had been left unchained on the truck.\"The driver has been arrested and the truck owner will be prosecuted. The truck was coming from Dausa and was accident-prone from the very moment its started its journey as the container had been left unchained. The container could have fallen anywhere on its way. It is gross negligence on part of the truck-driver and the owner,\" said deputy commissioner of police, traffic, Rohit Mahajan.He added that leaving the container unchained was the main reason behind the Friday night mishap. A team has been rushed to arrest the truck owner as well.He said that over 70 traffic policemen are being deputed on the B2 bypass. \"We are taking every possible precaution to prevent accidents on the road,\" said Mahajan. The officer inspected the bypass road on Saturday to prepare a strategy to contain increasing number of accidents.He added that since the B2 bypass opened for plying of heavy vehicles, traffic policemen are deployed 24 hours a day. \"it is not done even in the VIP areas of the city. We are concerned with the fears of local residents affected due to opening of the bypass road,\" said Mahajan.He added that the traffic policemen have been deployed on roads opening into the B2 bypass from residential colonies as well.\"The number of road cuts have been decreased for the safety of residents,\" said Mahajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11855447", "title": "Flier held with drug capsules", "text": "KOLKATA: A Hong Kong-bound passenger was caught by the customs on Thursday night for trying to smuggle 32 capsules, reportedly containing drugs, in his stomach.The passenger, Mahammad Meheruddin, was admitted to Barasat district hospital with doctors still unable to flush out the contraband drugs from his system.A Hong Kong-bound passenger, who was caught by customs on Thursday night while trying attempting to smuggle 32 capsules containing drugs in his stomach, is in Barasat district hospital with doctors still unable to flush the contraband drugs out of his system.According to sources, sources said Mahammad Meheruddin, a resident of Harbour Road in Kidderpore was held by customs on suspicion just before he was to board the Biman Bangladesh flight to Dhaka. He was travelling to Hong Kong along with three others.Suspecting that he was trying to hide something in his body, the officers took Mahammad to the hospital for an X-ray. In all, 32 capsules were detected in the examination. Officers suspect the capsules contain heroin.He is being administered laxative but the capsules are yet to be recovered. If even one capsule bursts in his stomach it could be fatal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "11855705", "title": "Country's 7 top B-schools offer seat to Bharat", "text": "DUGRI: Bharat Batra, an industrial engineer from the city, has made Ludhiana pump up with pride, scoring a 98.53 percentile in CAT-2011 that has got him offers from seven leading management institutes of the country. The 26-year-old said he wants to study MBA from a \"very good business school'' and reach the level of executive director of an automobile company's marketing department by 2020.\"I have got calls from IIM- Udaipur, IIM-Raipur, IIM-Kashipur, IIM-Trichi, IIM-Ranchi, Management Development Institute-Gurgaon and Institute of Management Technology-Ghaziabad. I have also written exams for IIT-Bombay, Faculty of Management Studies (FMS) and National Institute of Industrial Engineering (NITIE) and I'm waiting for their results,'' he said.Talking about his family background, Bharat said his father C L Batra is branch manager of United India Insurance Company and his mother Santosh is senior assistant with Punjab Agricultural University. \"In AIEEE my state rank was 509 and All India Rank was 17316. On the basis of my rank I got a seat in National Institute of Technology, Jalandhar in 2003 for industrial engineering,'' he said.Thanking his family members for their constant support, Bharat added that a large part of his success is credited to the help offered by \"Walia ma'am and Vinod sir,'' who coached him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "male", "code": "11860731", "title": "Maldives president expands cabinet; inducts Gayoom's aide", "text": "MALE: Maldives' new President Mohamed Waheed Hassan on Sunday inducted seven members into his expanded cabinet, including the country's first woman attorney general and an aide of former dictator Maumoon Abdul Gayoom , as he tries to cement his position as the head of a 'unity government'.Seeking to end a raging political crisis that erupted after the dramatic resignation of first democratic elected president Mohammed Nasheed last week, his former deputy drew new members of his cabinet from different political parties.Waheed also left key portfolios vacant like foreign affairs and finance, apparently to bring Nasheed's Maldivian Democratic Party (MDP) on board. Nasheed has refused to accept Waheed's legitimacy to rule the Indian Ocean island nation.Among the cabinet ministers is Azima Shakooru, the attorney general of Maldives, who is the lone woman to get a ministerial berth.Incidentally, she was appointed as the first woman attorney general way back in 2007 during Gayoom's regime.Hassan also inducted into his government Mohamed Husain Sharif Mundu, the spokesperson of Gayoom's Progressive Party of Maldives (PPM), which ruled the tiny nation for three decades.Asked if his appointment confirms former Mohamed Nasheed allegation that the \"coup\" was engineered by his party, he replied, \"I am not the only party in the government.\"He pointed out that the current President has left certain cabinet berths vacant and is keen to have Nasheed's MDP on board. The government is yet to appoint ministers for foreign affairs, finance, housing and fisheries. He is yet to announce his Vice-President also.Asked when Gayoom, who is currently in Malaysia , will come back, Mundu said \"soon\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11854801", "title": "Cong-NCP yet to decide candidates in 7 seats", "text": "PANAJI: With just one day to go for filing of nominations for the March 3 polls, uncertainty continues to cloud the allotment of tickets by alliance partners Congress and NCP in seven constituencies, leaving aspirants on tenterhooks.Saturday saw hectic deliberations in Goa as well as in New Delhi over getting the \"right winnable candidates\" for the alliance, as the MGP-BJP alliance is posing a threat to the ruling coalition. The Congress-NCP have to decide candidates in Canacona, Mormugao, Fatorda, Sanvordem, Mapusa, Porvorim and Mayem. AICC general secretary Jagmeet Singh Brar said the names would be finalized on Sunday.Speculations were initially rife on Saturday over the allocation of tickets, but, on the political pendulum, the names changed by evening. For the Canacona seat, reports said the name of Vijay Pai Khot, who resigned as BJP MLA on Friday, was cleared, but by afternoon, the name of Isidore Fernandes surfaced only to disappear in favour of Khot by night.Sources said Khot's induction into the Congress, which was to take place on Saturday, has been postponed by a day. But it is not clear whether he will contest on a Congress or NCP ticket as the two parties are believed to be trying to swap seats to get winnable candidates.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11854259", "title": "Times Impact: Ram Ganesh Gadkari's home to be a national monument", "text": "NAGPUR: Two weeks after TOI exposed how noted litterateur from Vidarbha Ram Ganesh Gadkari's home is in a shambles, the Mumbai-based State Archaeology and Museums Directorate, looking after heritage structures and state protected monuments, has taken a serious cognisance.After the report was published on January 23, its director Sanjay Patil paid a flash visit to the Saoner-based monument of Gadkari, who was once known as Shakespeare of Marathi literature.He told TOI that the archaeology directorate had decided to develop Gadkari's home into a national level destination. \"We've started efforts for its complete makeover and soon budget for it would be prepared,\" Patil told TOI from Mumbai.He added that he straightway went to Saoner to get first hand information. \"I went there on my own expenses as I don't want to rely on anybody. I found many points raised by TOI were correct,\" he candidly admitted. He however clarified that Gadkari's home, where he penned some of his popular plays including 'Ekach Pyala', was not on the verge of collapse.\"As head of Archaeology Directorate I take all the responsibility for its state of affairs. But let me be very clear that all things are not rosy as highlighted,\" he asserted.His deputy in Nagpur, assistant director Anand Bhoyar, said they had taken cognisance of TOI reports and immediately rushed estimates to the Mumbai head office for funds allocation regarding measures to control termite infestation. \"Frankly, all the problems arise as the government failed to sanction funds in time. Even we want the memorial to be renovated,\" he said.Speaking on the horrible conditions of the three-storey monument on the state highway that was full of filth as lone sweeper had left the job six months back, Bhoyar passed the buck on to guide Hansraj Mishra. \"He is responsible for everything. Now, we have sanctioned funds for appointing a sweeper who will clean the floors and also take care of garden which is completely dried at present. We've also demanded a security guard at the monument,\" Bhoyar informed.Deputy engineer with State Archaeology and Museums Directorate at Mumbai Prakash Rokde confirmed that they had received estimate from their Nagpur branch. \"We were shocked to read the reports in TOI and thereafter started taking action,\" he said.TOI had exposed that Gadkari's three-storey home on the bank of Kolar river, which was once a happening place where litterateurs along with arts and literary giants including Pandit Dinanath Mangeshkar and Bal Gandharva used to meet frequently, is lying in utter state of neglect. The entire building, declared as \"state protected monument\" in 1986, is in dilapidated condition due to lack of maintenance and termite infestation.A foul smell welcomes you at the entrance due to filthy surroundings where pigs and dogs wander. The wooden floorings are on its last legs due to decay over the years. The well at the backside is hidden behind bushes while roof is falling making it dangerous for the visitors. Even toilets are not cleaned since many years.To add to woes, the memorial remains unguarded, putting at risk the prestigious pictures and memorabilia. Moreover, there are no fire extinguishers in case the wooden planks in the house catch fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11859886", "title": "Dance India Dance: Poodle on the sets", "text": "There's a new star on the sets of Dance India Dance Season 3. Someone who is so cute and adorable that everyone wants to hold him, play with him and love him.We are talking about Fluffy, the cutest poodle ever born!!! All of 45 days old, this baby pup was Jay Bhanushali's gift to Master Remo D'Souza.Jay Bhanushali, the DID anchor said, \"Rubina had five dogs out of which four were males who were instantly adopted by friends after her sad demise. People were a little hesitant to adopt a pregnant poodle. When I heard of this, I immediately got in touch with her family and adopted the lonely dog. I will never forget the moment when she delivered five adorable pups at my place. They were so adorable that four of them got instantly adopted by some close friends of mine and I kept one to gift it to Remo as he is a huge dog lover!Remo and his wife Lizelle were overjoyed with Jay's surprise. \"My kids are on cloud nine to have Fluffy as a pet. I have to remind them that he is a living being and not a toy. The pup is so adorable that even Geeta and Terence rush to cuddle him in between breaks,\" said an elated Remo.Mohena, Sanam and Vaibhav have also become fans of the poodle as they believe he will bring their team, Remo Ke Rangeelay lots of good luck this season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11854677", "title": "Parsekar bags Parab's support in Mandrem", "text": "MAPUSA: In a major development in Mandrem constituency, former education minister and Nationalist Congress Party's vice-president Sangeeta Parab has decided to back the candidature of BJP's Laxmikant Parsekar. She told STOI that this was per the wishes of her supporters.The Congress and the NCP are in an alliance for the March polls. Following the NCP losing Mandrem to its alliance partner, around 150 of Parab's supporters held a meeting at her residence in Paliem late Friday.The meeting was to decide their course of action and sources told STOI that the supporters condemned the Congress for the injustice to Parab and for favouring family politics in Goa.They pledged to overthrow the Congress in the constituency by supporting the BJP, supporters said. The meeting was also attended by Parsekar and opposition leader Manohar Parrikar.Political analysts say the development has favoured the winning chances of Parsekar who is pitted against Congress candidate Dayanand Sopte and Trinamool Congress' Sameer Salgaocar.Sopte, the former BJP Pernem MLA, had joined the Congress last year at the behest of his mentor, Valpoi Congress MLA Vishwajit Rane, on the promise of the Mandrem ticket. Sameer, son of independent Sanvordem MLA Anil Salgaocar, was also a Congress ticket aspirant for Mandrem.Parab, who contested the last polls as an independent after being denied the Congress ticket, had bagged nearly 2,000 votes. She later joined the NCP and claims to have the support of 4,500 voters.Parab and her supporters allegedly took an assurance from Parrikar that Mandrem will be developed if BJP wins.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11855302", "title": "Bollywood directors to make short education flicks", "text": "BHOPAL: Anyone angry with the Bollywood directors for making films, which have often created negative impact on children, think again. A group of 15 well-known directors have come together and have made short masala flicks for the young, this time to help educate children, teacher and parents alike.After winning accolades from Cannes to Goa film festival, these 80 odd films of 15-minutes duration each may soon subtly encourage and influence school children in Bhopal. \"It enables the child to establish and maintain better relationships with his or her peers and share an open and meaningful relationship with parents and teachers,\" said Edumedia MD, S S Ahmed.The Bangalore-based company is in talks with schools in the capital and is hopeful that at least a dozen would adopt their idea in the coming session. \"The film is accompanied by text books which are given to students for better communication,\" he added.Interestingly, the film by Bollywood filmmakers like Subash Ghai, Javed Jaffri and award-winning actress and film director Revati have touched a few more cords. \"There are about five films for teachers and parents as well,\" said Ahmed. The films are meant for students of class I to VIII.\"The idea is also to promote parents to learn to build on parenting skills and increase bonding with their children. Teachers too can learn to effectively deal with challenges affecting them - personal or at the workplace,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11854325", "title": "Trichy bus driver run over in road rage", "text": "Trichy: In a run-in over rash driving, a lorry driver knocked down a bus driver with his vehicle near Kattur early on Saturday morning. The police later traced and arrested the accused near Thuvakudi toll gate in Trichy.The victim, A Sundararajan (44) of Anna Nagar in Trichy was a driver with a private bus company. He had begun his day as usual at 5am with a few passengers from Chatram bus stand to Thirunedunkulam near Thiruverumbur. When the vehicle reached Gandhi market area, a lorry tried to overtake the bus. Lorry driver A Mohammed Kasim (29) from Tharasuram in Kumbakonam was reportedly driving in a rash manner. Even as Sundararajan and Kasim abused each, the latter managed to overtake the bus.Sundararajan, who was in no mood to give up, chased the lorry and overtook it. He stopped the bus at Kattur bus stop and alighted to waylay the lorry. Conductor V Shanmugavel of Thanjavur also joined him. The two blocked the lorry and once again had a wordy altercation with the lorry driver. Kasim, who was all through sitting at the driver's seat, took revenge on Sundararajan by running the vehicle over him. He died on the spot. Shanmugavel managed to escape.On information from the Thiruverumbur police, policemen at the toll gate near Thuvakudi intercepted the lorry and arrested Kasim. The police registered cases under section 294(B) and 302 of IPC and has remanded him to judicial custody. The deceased Sundararajan is survived by his wife and two children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "11855445", "title": "US court to hear plea on anti-Sikh riots against Congress on Mar 15", "text": "JALANDHAR: A US federal court will hear a petition on March 15 against the Congress party for its \"failure to defend the charges of conspiring, aiding, abetting, organizing and carrying out attacks on Sikhs in November 1984.\"Judge Robert W Sweet of US federal court, through his order issued on February 6, has fixed the date of hearing on a petition filed by Sikhs For Justice (SFJ), a rights group.In the summons issued on March 1, 2011, the Congress was directed by the US court to file its reply within 21 days in the class action law suit filed under Alien Tort Claims Act (ATCA) and Torture Victim Protection Act (TVPA).\"Initially, the Congress responded to the summons through its attorneys Sabharwal, Nordin and Finkel and asked the court to grant additional time until June 24, 2011 to file its reply. Despite getting the requested extension from the US court, Congress failed to file a reply to the summons and defend against the charges,\" said attorney Gurpatwant Singh Pannun, legal advisor to SFJ.On February 2, 2012, SFJ filed a motion before the US court that \"since the Congress failed to respond to the summons, a judgment by default be entered against the defendant and that an evidentiary hearing be scheduled in order to determine the amount of compensatory and punitive damages to be awarded to the plaintiffs.\"Pannun said that the plaintiffs will ask the court to enter a judgment for US$17.5 billion against defendant Congress for rehabilitation of survivors and compensation for loss of life and property. \"To prove the clear and convincing involvement of Congress, the plaintiffs would ask the US court to issue 'letters rogatory' for appearance of Justice Nanavati, who in his 2005 report had referred to the pre-planning, police involvement, use of state infrastructure, and organized method in which Sikhs were killed in November 1984 throughout India,\" he said.SFJ would also move an application before the US court to appoint advocates H S Phoolka, Navkiran Singh and All India Sikh Students Federation (AISSF) president Karnail Singh Peermohammad as \"overseas amicus of the US court\" to ascertain the exact number and identity of victims and survivors of November 1984 riots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "11855512", "title": "Sexual exploitation: Youth gets girl to serve dinner laced with sleeping pills to parents", "text": "ROHTAK: In a shocking revelation, a minor girl of Sanghi village and an alleged victim of sexual exploitation, has said that she used to serve food mixed with sleeping pills to her parents, on the instructions of her tormentor.Narrating her tale of woes to The Times of India at the shelter home in Rohtak, where she was lodged for the last two weeks, the victim girl, hailing from the native village of Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda , disclosed that the accused youth used to tell her that he belonged to a family with strong background and high connections.\"The youth used to visit the 'akhara' near my house where I got acquainted with him. He soon gave me a mobile phone. He also provided me sleeping pills and asked me to mix it with food at home during dinner. After my family members fell asleep, he took me away on his motorcycle to a room on the outskirts of the village and later, dropped me back home around midnight\", she told TOI. A middle school dropout, she has two younger brothers, besides parents, in the family.However, the affair came to light when her younger brother spotted her talking on the mobile phone and disclosed the same to her father. \"When my father talked to the youth asking him to stay away, he threatened us to keep quiet. Later, in a daring act, he took me away on his motorcycle on January 27, in presence of my brother and uncle\", she said.Jaswanti, caretaker of the shelter home, which also operates a child helpline, told TOI that the girl's father lodged a missing complaint with Ghilaur police post near Sanghi village the same day. However, the accused youth took the girl to the police station the next day and alleged on behalf of the girl that she was facing threat from the family.Police however sent her to the shelter home on January 28 but preferred not to detain the accused, who had escorted her to the police station. During counselling, the victim revealed that she had been sexually abused by the youth, who had also threatened her not to disclose the incident to anyone, Jaswanti said.\"We produced her before the child protection committee headed by the deputy commissioner on Friday, after which a case was registered against the accused youth,\" the caretaker said, adding that the girl belonged to a poor family and that her father is an illiterate farmer. \"He visited the shelter home on Saturday and requested us not to drag them into the police case. He was visibly shaken after the accused issued threats to him\", she said.Rohtak SP, Vivek Sharma, said that the accused has been identified as Ravinder Kumar hailing from Mirzapur Kheri village, located in the vicinity of Sanghi village. \"Our teams are raiding various places and we hope to nab him soon,\" Sharma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11855365", "title": "'We miss Pune, will return in six months''", "text": "PUNE: The former manager of German Bakery is in Goa but his heart is in Pune, and he is optimistic about opening an eatery in the city that he feels will be a substitute to the once famous joint.Gopal Karkee has shifted base to Goa along with nine waiters earlier employed at the blast-torn bakery. He currently runs a restaurant in Vagator and an all-purpose shop in the Chapora Market there. But he and his boys were not quite happy in Goa because they miss Pune a lot.\"We will return to Pune after a few months. I am still looking for a place here to open a restaurant. The boys keep telling me to find a place here and I am doing that. I have stayed in Pune for 25 years and it is a second home for me. My family and friends stay here and there is no other place,\" Karkee, who was here, told TOI.\"We will stay in Goa for six months and plan to return to Pune after April, which is the end of the tourist season there. I hope to open another eatery in Pune, which would replicate German Bakery in one section and have a proper, multi-cuisine restaurant in the other,\" he said, adding that with inflation and property prices sky-rocketing, it will be difficult to live off a bakery alone. Hence, a bakery-cum-restaurant.About his new restaurant in Vagatore, Karkee said, \"We have christened it as the 'Willy's Restaurant and Bar'. It is a multi-cuisine resto-cum-bar, spread over 3,000 sq ft.All the nine boys do various chores in the restaurant - from purchasing ingredients to serving tables. Sri Krishna Thapa, who was with the old bakery for 12 years, now manages Karkee's Goa restaurant.\"Karkee has also started an arts/crafts/fashion accessories business and a bookstore in Goa to supplement his earnings. \"Even after I am back in Pune, I will continue to run these ventures in Goa,\" he said.Moving to Goa had become imperative as he had to find some source of income, Karkee said. \"I tried for as many as 20 months to open an eatery in Pune, but in vain. There was no other way than to go to Goa for a livelihood.\"According to Karkee, people and acquaintances in Pune are scared to lease out a place for another 'German Bakery'; hence the delay in finding a suitable place. \"Before the February 13 blast, I had people approaching me, volunteering to lease out their place to open another branch of German Bakery. The terror attack, however, changed the scenario to such an extent that land owners are sceptical about renting out their precincts for such a bakery,\" said Karkee.On how he feels about German Bakery still not opening doors to its patrons even after two years since the blast occurred, he said,\"I am deeply unhappy about the fact that the bakery is still not up and running. A lot can happen in two years, but the bakery is still under renovation. I miss the coffee we served there. It was the kind of coffee you would not get anywhere in Pune.\"Despite several confrontations with the owners of German Bakery, the two parties - Karkee and the Kharoses - have not been able to work out financial differences that separate them. \"We have our differences, but the Kharoses are close to my heart. Their children have grown up before my eyes, have laughed and played with me. I will always have a special place for them in my heart,\" said Karkee.Thapa, who was one of the injured in the bakery blast, said, \"We miss our family in Pune. We, however, plan to stick with Karkee and will return to the city with him within six months.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11856278", "title": "\u2018Activist\u2019 arrested for extortion", "text": "MUMBAI: An 'activist' was arrested on Saturday for extorting money from schools in Malwani.The accused, Azgar Ali Tehsildar (42), threatened the school trustees that he would expose irregularities in the educational institutions.Tehsildar told trustees that he would use his influence over BMC officials to penalize the school. The police are also on the lookout for Tehsildar's associate, Kiran Sindhi (45). However, the two were booked only after parents of the schoolchildren held a demonstration.The conmen had targeted the management of a school. Unable to meet the increasing demands of the two, the trustees decided to shut down the school, a move that irked parents. \"The accused approached trustees of a school recently. The school building was undergoing repairs and the two threatened to expose some irregularities,\" said a police officer.\"Trustees gave Tehsildar and Sindhi Rs 20,000 that they demanded. However, on Friday the two returned and asked for an additional Rs 25,000,\" the officer added. The school management decided to take the parents into confidence. \"After the parents protested, we arrested Tehsildar,\" another officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11855347", "title": "'Ghost' sighting : Scared youth falls off power pole, injured", "text": "BHOPAL: Imagining he had seen a ghost when he went to urinate near a crematorium, a scared youth climbed up an electric pole and fell on a live power cable, sustaining burns.Sanjay, 24, a driver, was sleeping in a parked truck at the Categorized Market in the old city. He had gone to urinate in a drain adjacent to a crematorium in the wee hours of Friday, when he thought he saw something strange moving there.\"The scared boy ran for his life, climbed up the nearest electric pole, blabbering he had seen a ghost. He lost his grip on the pole and came in contact with a live wire as he fell. Luckily, there was a truck parked under the pole and he first hit it before landing on the ground.\" said ASI Amar Singh who rushed him to the Hamidia hospital, where he was treated for electric burns.He remained in a state of shock in the hospital and could not explain what he saw, the police added. Finally, his parents were called and they took him back to their home town in Mandla, late on Friday evening.His employer Ratan Lal said Sanjay was perfectly normal till the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11854603", "title": "Gujarat can supply power to India in two years: Modi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi said on Saturday that Gujarat will take on the responsibility of providing power to the entire country in the next two years.\"Gujarat has taken several initiatives in the power sector. Considering the way Gujarat is moving, the state will be in a position to provide power to all states in two years with a power generation capacity of 7,000 MW from the present 4,000 MW,\" Modi said, while addressing 600 women delegates of 100 public sector units (PSUs) at the Forum of Women in Public Sector (WIPS) held at the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A).Modi called for women's empowerment in the decision-making process for the progress of the nation. He said that 50% of the people's power comprise women and engaging them in the decision-making process would lend fresh impetus to the nation's progress.Modi also told the gathering that he wished all conferences for women are held in Gujarat as they are known to be the market drivers. \"Women are known to be the market drivers and Gujarat is known for its textile. If women come to the state to attend conferences, they will certainly shop,\" Modi said in jest.The 22nd annual national meet of WIPS included speakers from the industry like Dr U D Choube, director general of Standing Conference of Public Enterprises, Anil Gupta , executive vice chair, National Innovation Foundation, among others.Ajay Pandey, faculty at IIM-A, said, \"Measures like increasing participation of women employees, providing opportunities and safety to the fairer sex, making more jobs available will overcome the challenge of lesser women employees in PSUs as compared to the private sector.\"The chief minister handed over WIPS awards to women achievers for excellence in different categories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11856634", "title": "Caste, community major factors in east UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: In east UP's badlands, known for mafia dons and low voting percentages, people again sprung a surprise, with 59% of the electorate casting their vote on Saturday, keeping up the tempo of the first phase which saw a record 62% polling.Caste and communal factors played a major role in the elections in this region. Congress revived the Batla House encounter controversy in a bid to woo Muslims. BJP played its cards to polarise votes along communal lines on the issue of 4.5% Muslim quota within 27% quota for the other/most backward classes (OBC/MBCs) quota as the region has a huge population of OBCs/MBCs.The BSP played its sarvajan card to woo Muslims and Brahmins while keeping the Dalit base intact to offset anti-incumbency. The region has a substantial number of Muslims and Hindu upper castes, particularly Brahmins. While trying to keep its Muslims-OBC votes intact, SP projected itself as the only alternative to the ruling BSP.The region gave UP two chief ministers. The number of ministers from Purvanchal in subsequent governments after independence have also been high. However, caste and communal factors have always dominated the political discourse in the region rich in agriculture and natural resources but highly backward, neglected and poverty-ridden.Known as the land of mafia dons, Hari Shankar Tiwari was the first mafia who turned politician in 1985 and won the election from Chillupar in Gorakhpur. This time, there were over a dozen mafia dons or their relatives in the fray besides 31 sitting MLAs and 24 former ministers.The big names in the fray include Sukhdev Rajbhar, Swami Prasad Maurya and Phagu Chauhan from BSP, Ambika Chaudhary from SP, and BJP state president SP Shahi. This phase will also decide the fate of smaller parties like Peace Party and Ulema Council which could cut into the voteshare of the bigger players and dent their winning chances.However, the huge turnout, particularly of women and youth, may upset old equations of political bigwigs and mafia dons. Several factors are said to be responsible for the increase in voting percentage. The anger among people against corruption and lack of development was evident. Faria, an undergraduate student in Ballia, said that caste and religion is a non-issue for her. \"I want a candidate with clean character to win the elections.\"More women candidates were seen in the rural areas of Gorakhpur and Maharajganj. Ramkali, a 50-year-old woman in Gorakhpur, said she wanted an improvement in law and order. Haji Masood, a tailor in Ghosi, said he would not mind voting for a good Hindu candidate who can bring development in his village.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11863933", "title": "Autos go on indefinite strike", "text": "RANCHI: First day of 'chakka jam' called by the diesel auto drivers made travelling within the city difficult and costlier for commuters. As the plying of autos stopped, the rickshawpullers took full advantage by doubling their fare.\"Today, I had to take a rickshaw from Ratu Road to Kutchehary as the autos were on strike. I paid Rs 70 when the fare is usually Rs 20,\" said Manisha, a local resident. Similar was the situation at other places were rickshaws were the only means of communication.The buses did ply around the city but their limited number only ensured that these were over crowded with commuters. Rahul, a commuter, who got injured while boarding a bus, said: \"I tried getting into a bus but it was so crowded that I lost balance and fell down.\"The chakka jam had been called to protest against the seizure of autorickshaws by police for plying without permits. Over 150 autos have been seized by police in the past three days. Out of the 9,000 autos plying in the city only 1,855 have permit, say police. Diesel Auto Drivers' Association president Dinesh Soni said, \"Although it is an indefinite strike, we are ready to discuss the matter with the authority.\"According to Soni, the permits given to 1,855 autos are also illegal as the drivers' residential location is not mentioned in the permits. For instance, if a driver lives at Kanke Road but has the permit to drive near the railway station, he does not know which will be the appropriate route for him to take or whether he should carry passengers on his way to the station. \"All the permits should be cancelled and new permits should be issued to all autos,\" Soni said. The other demands of the association are to give the auto drivers a permit to drive within a16-km radius and to let the association participate in deciding the routes.A few autos belonging to another association headed by one Nagendra Pandey, were seen plying on the streets. They, too, charged double the normal rate.Nagendra said, \"We are against the strike. We had had a meeting with the DC and he assured that permits will be issued soon. The strike is ineffective. Today being Sunday, there's less number of autos on the roads, anyway.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "11863212", "title": "Four run over by train in Jabalpur", "text": "JABALPUR: Four railway employees were run over today by a speeding train between Bhedaghat and Bhitouni stations here, sources said.The victims -- three gangmen and a supervisor -- were working on the upline between the two stations of the Jabalpur division of West Central Railways (WCR) when they saw a train approaching on the same track following which they moved towards the downline for safety, railway sources said.However, another train (CST-Varanasi) Mahanagri Express (11093) arrived on the downline at about the same time catching them unawares and killing them on the spot, they said.The deceased were unidentified as supervisor Ramgopal and gangmen Moolchand, Badri Prasad and Rattu, the sources said.Railways have formed a three-member committee to probe into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11855729", "title": "Man steals cheque, attempts to encash Rs 48.5 lakh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An unidentified person stole a cheque and tried to fraudulently withdraw Rs 48.5 lakh from the account of the partner of a Sector-22 based jewellery shop Nikamal Baburam in Dehradun.The incident came to light when officials of State Bank of Patiala (SBOP), Dehradun, informed Kamal Kant Jain on Saturday. The miscreant tried to withdraw cash while producing a cheque with fake signatures on February 5.Chandigarh Police have lodged a complaint at police post in Sector 22.Complainant Jain said, \"The cheque was stolen from the cheque book on January 18 and after noticing the same, I had locked my account for any transaction with the help of SBOP officials in Sector 17.\"He said there is possibility that cheque was stolen by a known person because the miscreant seemed aware of the heavy account balance.Police sources said the cheque, which was used in the crime, was stolen from the jewelry shop and CCTV footage of the shop will be probed for ascertaining the identity of the culprit. Complainant Jain has also received a photocopy of stolen cheque along with the request that Rs 48.50 lakh would be transferred to the account of Gopal Parsad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11854118", "title": "Race hots up amid buzz that Army chief may resign", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eastern Army commander Lt-General Bikram Singh remains the clear front-runner to become the next chief of the 1.13-million strong force. But amid mounting speculation that Army chief Gen V K Singh will resign before his tenure ends on May 31, two other Army commanders, Lt-Generals Shankar Ghosh (Western) and V K Ahluwalia (Central), are also in the reckoning for the coveted post.While Lt-Gen Bikram Singh of the Sikh Light Infantry passed out from the Indian Military Academy in March, 1972, Lt-Gens Ghosh and Ahluwalia are senior to him, having being commissioned in November, 1971.The latter two would retire as per schedule, if Gen V K Singh decides to carry on till May 31. While Lt-Gens retire at 60, a military chief can serve for three years or upto the age of 62, whichever is earlier.But what could queer the pitch for Lt-Gen Ghosh (Guards Regiment) is a question mark over his medical category since he is suffering from \"osteoarthritis of the right hip joint\".The second in the line of seniority, Lt-Gen Ahluwalia (Artillery), can only be considered for the top job, if Gen V K Singh decides to resign in February since the former is slated to retire on February 29.A top government source said the chapter on Gen Singh's tenure was \"finally over\", irrespective of whether he decides to resign or completes his tenure. The government is looking ahead and readying succession plan.\"All options are being kept open...but it's not mandatory for the government to pick the seniormost Army commander if Gen V K Singh suddenly decides to put in his papers,\" said government sources on Saturday. This can mean that Lt-Gen Bikram Singh in all probability will be the next Army chief even if Gen V K Singh decides to hang his boots earlier than scheduled.Right since the Independence, successive governments have been wary of rocking the seniority boat while appointing military chiefs. The supersession of Lt-Gen S K Sinha by Indira Gandhi to appoint Gen A S Vaidya as the Army chief in the early 1980s has been one of the rare exceptions.As earlier reported by TOI, Gen V K Singh does not seem to be in favour of Lt-Gen Bikram Singh succeeding him since he believes his date of birth was not corrected despite his repeated attempts since former chiefs like Gens J J Singh and Deepak Kapoor allegedly wanted to fix the succession chain in favour of the present Eastern Army commander.The Army chief himself spent Saturday closeted with his lawyers and advisers after returning to the Capital in the morning. He had left for Jaipur on Friday afternoon on an official trip to the South-Western Army Command a couple of hours after losing his legal battle in the Supreme Court to get his date of birth changed from 'May 10, 1950' to 'May 10, 1951'.Defence minister A K Antony and Gen V K Singh are both slated to go abroad on Monday on official tours. While Antony heads for a two-day visit to Saudi Arabia , Gen Singh will leave for the UK on a four-day tour. The two have generally avoided each other since the beginning of February. The wide-spread feeling in both military and civilian quarters in South Block is that if the Army chief decides to continue in office, he will be reduced to \"a lame-duck chief\" due to the \"huge trust deficit\" between him and Antony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11854359", "title": "Three including 15-year-old girl end life in separate incidents", "text": "NAGPUR: Three suicides including that of a 15-year-old girl were reported at different police stations across the city in the last twenty four hours.In the first, Aakanksha Bondhare, a Std 9 student was found hanging from the ceiling hook of her terrace at her Kushi Nagar residence on Saturday afternoon. According to her father, Dhanyal, who works as a security guard, he had scolded her in the morning for not studying regularly. Aakanksha took the extreme step while her father had gone for duty and mother and elder sister were busy with their routine work.Around 4.30pm, Aakanksha's elder sister spotted her body. No suicide note was found. Jaripatka police have registered a case of an accidental death.In another incident, a senior officer of Audit General Office committed suicide by consuming poison on Friday afternoon. 47-year-old Ashok Kumbhare, a resident of Mahal, died during treatment at a private hospital late night. As per the statement given by Kumbhare's wife Bharti, Kumbhare came home from work at around 2.30pm. After a few minutes, he felt uneasy and was rushed to a nearby private hospital. The doctors then found out that Kumbhare had consumed poison. A father of three children, Kumbhare was declared dead at 3.30am.Police said that in the initial investigations, no reason behind the extreme step has been found. Ganeshpeth police checked Kumbhare's house and office as well but no suicide note was found. A case of an accidental death has been registered.In other incident, an unidentified middle-aged man's body was fished out from Gandhi Sagar Lake in Ganeshpeth on Saturday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11860018", "title": "It\u2019s \u2018cricket league\u2019 time in Vadodara!", "text": "An Indian Premier League (IPL) styled tournament held in the city turned out to be a lot of fun.If you thought that only big cities can host fun-filled cricket leagues like the Indian Premier League (IPL), think again. Because very recently, the city witnessed a highly entertaining cricket tournament that had some of the city's very well-known names competing against each other with the bat and ball!So be it Karan Grover, Tanuj Desai, Anirudh Dehade, Dipen Gada, Hitesh Modi, Amit Rathod or some of the other 'players' involved, there was a lot of competitive cricket on offer. So what if none of them are professional cricketers? All of them had been practising really hard for about two months to be ready for the tournament and the efforts proved fruitful indeed. And a lot of cricket enthusiasts turned up to cheer for them.Noted city-based architect Sonali Desai was seen cheering for her favorite team. Also spotted, while enjoying the action, were former IPL commissioner Chirayu Amin, Mehmood Khan Pathan (the father of star cricketers Yusuf and Irfan Pathan ), P B Pandey and Dillip Dash. Truly, it turned out to be some cricketing extravaganza, Vadodara style! And after the tournament got over, it turned out to be party time and the team members from different teams joined in the celebrations in style.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11856613", "title": "'Race' to stop flight of birds from city", "text": "HYDERABAD: After a two-year hiatus, the Birdwatchers' Society of Andhra Pradesh (BSAP) is back with the third edition of 'Bird Race' , which is being held in the city on Sunday. Aimed at spreading the message about the need for a healthy environment , the event will see over 100 city birdwatchers (amateur and professional ) participating in it and showcase the various species of birds found in and around Hyderabad. The race will be flagged off at Hyderabad Public School, Begumpet.\"We have identified certain areas such as Icrisat, Sanjeevaiah Park, Lotus Pond, Nehru Zoological Park, Hyderabad Central University and Narsapur forest where participants can spot birds. The team (27 people have registered so far) that logs the highest number of sightings will win the race,\" said M Shafaat Ulla, secretary , BSAP. He pointed out how this event was crucial for the city to take stock of its fast disappearing bird population.\"There was a time when we could spot 15-20 species of birds at any given time in the Banjara Hills area. Now, one sees none,\" Ulla said, expressing concern over the rapid concretization of Hyderabad which was taking a toll on its environment.That the poor health of the city environment , due to pollution and deforestation , has driven away most of Hyderabad's birds is a claim that no one would dispute. Talking about the ongoing return migration season, they say how Hyderabad, over the last few years, has seen a sharp drop in the number of migratory birds that earlier visited from central Asia and Eastern Ghats. Right from ducks and warblers to storks, falcons and even harriers, the visits by these species , experts say, has dropped drastically , thanks to indiscriminate deforestation and encroachment of water bodies. \"In such a scenario, it is very important that events like the bird race are held for people, especially the younger generation, to realise how essential it is to care for our environment ,\" said Rajeev Mathew, a wildlife expert.\"Another reason why it is so important to track the 'bird wealth' of Hyderabad is because the city sits in the middle of the central flyway (for migratory birds) and has a huge chunk of birds coming every season. We need to find out how many of them came this year and whether there has been a further drop in those numbers so that we can take corrective measures.\"The last edition of the 'Bird Race' , which, too, was supported by the Great Hyderabad Adventure Club, was held in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11855389", "title": "CM hears family's plea at airport", "text": "KOLKATA: Two women from Rajarhat met chief minister Mamata Banerjee after she landed at the airport and was about to take her convoy on Saturday. Bandana Pal, accompanied by her daughter, told the CM that no probe was conducted into the death of her son, who was murdered in 2010. She pleaded Mamata to look into the matter.Mamata had returned from her North Bengal trip on Saturday and was coming out of the domestic terminal, when the two women Just after coming out from the terminal from the left, the woman shouted to draw the CM's attention.aiming at Mamata's car.On noticing them, Mamata immediately stopped her car and came out of it. The two women were then allowed to come near the chief minister and narrate their grievances.Bandana and her daughter were supposedly informed about the chief minister's movements by a staff of Air India's medical department. The woman said that her son Dibyendu Pal, a resident of Rajarhat, was murdered in 2010 by some antisocials in the area. \"Since my brother was murdered, we have moved pillar to post but we have not got justice yet. We have lodged police complaints and even gone to the CID, but nothing has helped,\" said Pal's sister.The chief minister assured the bereaved mother and daughter that the matter will be looked into. The case has been referred to Sanjay Mukherjee, the police commissioner of Barrackpore commissionerate .Pal was murdered on December 28, 2010 and his body was found at Rajarhat. A complaint was lodged at Dum Dum police station and a murder case was initiated. Later in March 2011, the CID took over the case. However, since then the case has not seen much progress.Police commissioner of the Bidhannagar commissionerate Rajeev Kumar said that there was no security breach in the matter. \"The women were accompanied by one of the airport staff and they had been waiting at the airport,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11856098", "title": "Touring the past", "text": "A few children in Chennai recently took a video camera to film local landmarks , a venerable box camera and a good old grinding stone. The result, which was screened recently, is a bit shaky. There is nothing new about the scripts either but organisers from the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Development (Intach), which loaned the camera to students, are happy.\"We learned more about history by visiting these sites,\" said V G Krithika, a participant from Vel's Vidyashram. As enthusiasm for heritage conservation grows in schools, organisations such as Intach are keen to maintain the momentum by organising contests and tours. Intach has been organising the Filmit India project since 2008 after giving teachers and students training in filming and editing techniques.Many schools are also planning their annual school trip around a local monument that is part of history textbooks. \"They prefer visiting Mamallapuram or other historical areas in nearby Kancheepuram as the monuments here are part of their lessons,\" says S Suresh, convener of Intach-Tamil Nadu. During the tours, schools opt for scholars or archaeologists over local tour guides to get authentic information, says Suresh, who has been part of several trips organised by Intach.The organisation has more than 1,200 heritage clubs in schools across 60 cities. Nearly 100 clubs are set up each year with a grant from the ministry of culture, says Purnima Datt, director of Intach's Heritage Education and Communication Service.\"Now, adopting a local monument and taking care of it is part of CBSE's continuous and comprehensive evaluation for class IX and X students,\" says Datt. St Columba's School in New Delhi adopted its main school building, a heritage structure, two years ago, says Gayathri Ramachandran , director, social awareness and outreach. \"The heritage club talks about the architectural features of the building when students are taken on a tour of the school. They appreciate the building more after adopting it,\" says Ramachandran.Though not many have the opportunity to adopt monuments, a visit to the local museum can make a huge difference, says Jayasree N, academic co-ordinator of Ellen Sharma Memorial Matriculation Higher Secondary school in Chennai . The school in Sholinganallur houses the Sharma Children's Museum . \"The primary class students find it easier to understand prehistoric history and archaeology after seeing the stone age tools, fossils and artifacts,\" says Jayasree.As Krithika, a winner of Intach's Filmit project, puts it, the effort is not just about learning the history of a 12th century temple in her neighbourhood . \"We didn't know that the temple looked like a sivalinga from above till we spoke to the priest. It was exciting to learn that and we remember its history better after seeing the monument and hearing about its past,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "11863105", "title": "Friends stab each other over Rs 50", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Two friends allegedly stabbed each other following a quarrel over Rs 50 leading to the death of one of them, police said today.The incident happened yesterday when Ravinder could not return the Rs 50 lent to him by Saurabh, they said.Ravinder died late last night after being admitted to a hospital in Mohan Nagar, they said, adding that Saurabh's condition is critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11855232", "title": "Nurse denied salary, alleges bias", "text": "KOLKATA: IAS couples can claim house rent allowance even if they stay under one roof. But when it comes to junior officers, the rule seems to be different.The government has withheld the salary of a nurse in a state hospital on the grounds that her husband, a Howrah police officer, has claimed house rent allowance while he was staying at his wife's quarters.The government has also drawn departmental proceedings against the police officer and the nurse has been penalized apparently for her husband's fault.Fifty-two-year-old Hushen Ara Ahmed, a nurse with Uluberia ESI Hospital, has not got her salary since 2002 because her husband Enait Ali refused to give details of his service description or sign a form. \"I did not sign the form since there is no such provision in the West Bengal service rules,\" said Ali.What's more strange is that she been completely denied her salary whereas a suspended employee is entitled to two-thirds pay. And she has not been suspended.Hushen Ara Ahmed later filled the details of her husband and submitted the form to the then hospital director Anadi Banerjee, who insisted she disclose details of her husband's occupation. \"The hospital superintendent assured me that my salary would be released if I give my husband's service details. But what happened was real treachery. He passed the information to the Howrah police superintendent. A departmental proceeding was launched and my husband was demoted for withdrawal of HRA even after staying in my government quarters,\" she said.The nurse is on the verge of psychological breakdown after running from pillar to post all these years.Her husband Enait Ali said: \"I was the worst sufferer. For eight years, I was denied increments and promotions. On the verge my retirement, I am still an ASI. I agree that I was at fault. But how can a government punish a woman for her husband's fault?\"Hushen Ara Ahmed knocked on many doors for justice. One such senior official in the ESI allegedly told her to divorce Enait to get back her pay, she says. She then approached the minority commission and the women's commission.\"The state's women's commission took initiative. They inquired with different departments but without any result,\" said Ahmed.The humiliation and hardship has taken a toll on the couple's health.The then chairperson of State's Women's Commission Jasodhara Bagchi said, \"We requested the superintendent to regularize her salary and also asked the director of ESI (MB) Scheme to inquire into the harassment meted to her and non-release of salary. But unfortunately nothing happened.\"The current superintendent of ESI Hospital, Uluberia Abhijit Mukherjee said, \"The incident happened long before my tenure. So I really do not know anything about it. I only know that she has not been receiving salary.\"\"Local CPM-MP Hannan Molla has written several letters to different ministers and even to the then chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee seeking justice on my behalf. But nothing happened,\" the nurse said.The MP said he had written to the ESI (MB) director and former ministers Sushanta Ghosh and Anadi Sahu and CPM chief whip Md Masiha but in vain.\"I am particularly disillusioned with the Left Front tenure which apparently championed secularism. But I was really hurt to see that one my colleagues still continue in her job without hassle, despite not divulging any detail about their husband's government job,\" said Hushen Ara Ahmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11856222", "title": "Books, they're on their last page", "text": "Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read,\" Groucho Marx, the literal genius, infamously quipped. Too bad he did not have a backlit Kindle or hi-res iPad in which he could have carried a whole library - and not just a book - into the belly of the beast and emerge a wisercrack. Those devices came some three decades after Marx passed, heralding dog days for both books and libraries as the master of nonsequiturs knew them. Not that he would have been impressed, because \"whatever it is, he was against it.\"Every age brings its redundancy. Gutenberg's movable type introduced mass produced books, and largely cashiered calligraphists and their ilk - and ink. Bell's telephone burnt up the bush telegraph. \"Video killed the radio star,\" crooned The Buggles , a \"New Wave\" band. They became history, while radio and its satellites got a second and third wind with FM, XM, etc as new technology opened Pandora and showed the way to Sirius.So rumours of obsolescence are now obsolete. There's always a niche market for bygone eras and products. Don't you wish we'd kept that Murphy or Bush or Philips radio, with its giant diodes and valves and dials, which we desperately scavenge for in chor bazaars and flea markets on the weekend to upgrade our homes with nostalgia? How about the Remington typewriter we banged out our first rejected draft with? Or those vinyl records which were supplanted by audio tapes which were replaced by CDs which gave way to a pen drive. Flashed by your memory, did they?But books... ah, books are different. They never went away. Departing for America in the mid-90 s, your correspondent , uncertain of return or residence, stashed away a ton of tomes in parents' attic, carefully packing them in cartons stuffed with neem leaves (to keep out silver fish, advised mother). When a new home was being built in India a decade later with plans to return, the anguished howl that essayed when the interior designer fluted that we ditch books - because \"everything these days can be downloaded on a computer or a device\" - could be heard in book shops and libraries across the world. \"So what if brick-andmortar stores are dying? I'll still be buying books - even if it is on Amazon!\"Spoken too soon. Amazon merely ravaged bookstores. The devices are decimating books - as we know them.Initially, we wept for independent, stand-alone bookshops, whose often solitary and knowledgeable owners offered solace and sustenance when we were broke or indigent. In time, they were devastated by the chains with their deep pockets and deeper discounts. Then, along came Amazon (forbear of Flipkart ) and swept away the chains.You saw the danger signs when not even the fame of inspiring the movie Notting Hill ( Hugh Grant , Julia Roberts ) could save the Travel Bookshop in London from shuttering down last September. The same month, Borders, the book chain which corralled browsers with tepid coffee and loud conversation, dismantled the last of its 500-plus superstores in the US, meeting an ignoble end at the hands of the online onslaught.Of course, there will always be the odd successful independent bookstore selling specialty or antiquarian tomes. How could you hit New York and not pillage Gotham or sift through Strand? Or go to Paris and not shuffle through Shakespeare and Co? Moseying around the bookish village of Hay-on-Wye (whose economy is largely based on used and antiquarian books) in Wales last summer, one discovered the open air, unguarded, Honesty Bookshop, where books are available for 50p - should you wish to pay. Someone recently circulated - online! - a list of the world's 20 greatest bookstores. A real tearjerker it was. \"20 reasons not to buy a Kindle,\" someone wrote in the comments sections. Alas, the stores are spread across the world. And the device is at hand, in our hand. You can call it danger - or deliverance . There is no escape - just an occasional getaway. Yes, dear readers, you can throw the book at me; but I've thrown in the towel. Besides , one never knows when one will be called to read inside of a dog.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "11863885", "title": "108 team delivers baby on train", "text": "SURAT: The 108 team was forced to deliver a baby on a moving train after railway authorities refused to halt a train at Udhna station as it was not a scheduled stop.Ramesh Chaudhary and his family were on way to Bikaner on the Hyderabad Secunderabad-Bikaner Express. At around 9.37 pm on February 9, Chaudhary's pregnant wife developed severe labour pains. When the train reached Udhna station, Chaudhary pulled the chain to stop the train and called for emergency medical help.A response team from Harinagar unit rushed to the station and went aboard the S-3 coach in which the family was travelling. Hemant Mangukiya, who had rushed to the spot with a delivery kit said, \"The baby's head had protruded out and the mother was in severe pain. We delivered the baby on the moving train between Surat and Udhna railway station.\"\"We called up another unit at Surat station and sent the mother with the baby to Krupa Maternity Hospital in Katargam,\" said Mangukiya.Irfan Shekih, manager, 108 emergency services, Surat said, \"Our staff requested the railway officials to keep the train waiting on Udhna station for few more minutes but they said that the chain was pulled; so, after finding the reason we can't make a halt at an unscheduled stop.\"After two full days of observation and treatment the condition of baby and mother is normal. They willl be discharged in a day or two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11856089", "title": "Operation tall claims", "text": "Heard about the great tumour the fantastic doctor removed from a patient in one of the reputed hospitals? Yes, except that the record-breaking size of the growth may just have been in the surgeon's imagination.People often like to tom-tom their achievements. Nothing wrong with that. We are, after all, the only species that can brag articulately. But there is a problem when those who shouldn't be exaggerating - like doctors and hospitals about their \"scientific breakthroughs\" - do it. Because that is no more harmless banter - it is misleading, with an eye on profit, the ones who don't know any better. And it is a cause for worry as it involves a fraternity that has sworn allegiance to the cause of higher ethics.But at a time when hospital chains use the \"expertise\" of their doctors as much as a hyper-active PR team to garner patients, truth may just be an expendable virtue. There are \"records\" being broken in every city, every hospital. How honest and genuine are these proclamations, though? There is no way yet to find out.Some hospitals in Chennai even claim to hold the Guinness Book of World Records - yes, no less - for the biggest tumour removed from a kidney. There are others who claim the first position for the maximum number of surgeries. No wonder an amused alumni of the Madras Medical College wondered if doctors should aim for the Guinness or the Nobel.Last year, on November 17, a team from the Government Medical College and Hospital in Chandigarh called a conference claiming an unprecedented \"feat\" - removal of kidney stones weighing a whopping 495gm. \"The biggest stone alone weighed 385gm and was 12cm long. We have never read about such a quantity and size in medical literature...\" said Dr Vidur Bhalla, one of the doctors who did the operation . Similarly, in 2007, Dr Raj Bahadur, head of the orthopaedic department at PGI, Chandigarh, said stem cells had miraculously cured patients with spinal cord injuries . He even invited the media to listen in. But this case study was never published, nor discussed at any conference.Patna, too, has seen its share of tall stories . On May 14, last year, Anand Shah, a six-month-old baby weighing just 4 kg, was operated in Jeevak Heart Hospital for a congenital heart ailment that had pure and impure blood getting mixed. Doctors said this occurs in just five out of one lakh live births. Two years earlier, on June 18, 2009, doctors in the same city claimed they had performed a successful open heart surgery on Simran, a baby with congenital heart disease. Both cases were not published in any reputed medical journal.Recently in Chennai, Apollo Hospital declared it was the first in India to use biodegradable stents. But the stents in question were in the last phase of clinical trials, prompting another hospital that was part of the trial to accuse Apollo of violating ethics. Says a senior cardiologist who didn't want to be named, \"It's unfair to be a part of a clinical trial and make statements. Where is the chance for a fair trial then?\"It's not just private hospitals that jump the gun. Some government medical colleges , says Dr Rajiv Ranjan Prasad, former editor of the 'Patna Journal of Medicine' , even claim rare surgeries actually done by visiting doctors. In June 2011, scientists at the Chennai-based National Institute for Research in Tuberculosis said their researchers had isolated transitmycin, an antibiotic that could fight TB and HIV, from a coral reef off Rameswaram. It was not substantiated in any way.But all claims can't just be dismissed. In March 2010, doctors at the obscure Netaji Subhas Cancer Research Institute in Kolkata carried out the first mismatched umbilical cord blood transplant wherein cells were taken from a newborn and transplanted in a 12-year-old boy with aplastic anaemia. Ashish Mukhopadhyay, director of the institute, then said, \"We checked with experts if we could do it. Most felt we could as the cord blood cells were immature and wouldn't react. The transplant was successful.\" It was published in the renowned journal 'Blood' , where it was hailed. This, though, is a rare case.How can dubious claims then be arrested ? While Union health secretary P K Pradhan admits that the \"ministry needs to think about a curbing mechanism\" , Bihar's principal secretary, health, Amarjeet Sinha, suggests a centralized system to verify them. Dr Arun Kumar, director of Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (IGIMS), Patna, says in his institute a doctor doing 'rare' surgeries has to first approach a panel, comprising the dean and the medical superintendent, that goes through the case. \"Only then is permission granted to approach the media,\" he says.Mumbai-based neurologist Dr Sunil Pandiya asks, \"When did you read about the Medical Council or the Press Council asking explanations for such blatant violation of ethics?\" Perhaps India, too, should have an office of science integrity , like in the US, says Dr P M Bharghava , founder director of the Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology. Until then we just have to live with tall claims.We did itGurgaon's Medanta Medicity30 knee surgeries done in 12 hours India's first robotic liver donor surgery on Oct 13, 2011Apollo Hospitals1st American heart transplant in Chennai 200 liver transplants of Pakistanis on Nov 2011Fortis HospitalsMinimally invasive cardiac surgery for the first time in India on October 17, 2011Inputs by Shimona Kanwar in Chandigarh , Kounteya Sinha and Durgesh Nandan Jha in Delhi, Prithvijit Mitra in Kolkata , Nishant Sinha in Patna, Hetal Vyas in Bangalore and Pushpa Narayan in Chennai", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11858414", "title": "What's brewing, Rajeev?", "text": "Rajeev Pillai, Mollywood's new hunk on the block, finds himself in the midst of controversy, thanks to his alleged proximity to BhavanaThe new star in Kerala, especially after his fab performance on the field during the celebrity cricket tournament, Rajeev Pillai, is in the news for more than what he's proved himself to be good at. Rumours of his offthe-field romance with actress Bhavana, the brand ambassador of the team, seems to be doing the rounds.The rumours allegedly sparked off when Bhavana seemed most upset that Rajeev was hurt during one of the matches and even took time off from cheering to personally attend to him. Those on the field claim that the visibly smitten actor, who won himself a role in director Priyadarshan's next Bollywood film, also asked the director if there was a role in there for Bhavana too.A furious Rajeev retorts, \"I don't know who is behind such rotten, pathetic rumours. I will take legal action against publications that have reported false news without even bothering to ask me if there was any truth in it. Anybody who was on that field that day can tell you that I'm the one who spoke the least to Bhavana. But, why link anybody up at all! I was injured on the field, but it was not just Bhavana alone who seemed concerned about that. The rest of the team, including Mohanlal, was worried as well..\"The other cause for concern had to do with the recommendations, and Rajeev says, \"As for the role that director Priyadarshan offered me, all I did was thank him for it. I am not that big a star to recommend anyone.\"Meanwhile, Bhavana remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11854789", "title": "Maharajakeeyam amidst a flood of memories", "text": "KOCHI: Maharajakeeyam, the reunion of the alumni of Maharaja's College, witnessed many an emotional moment.Overseas Indian affairs minister Vayalar Ravi inaugurated the event on Saturday morning.Maharaja's College Old Students Association president and vice- chancellor of Kerala Agriculture University K R Viswambharan presided over the meeting. Former finance minister T M Thomas Isaac, MP P T Thomas, poet Balachandran Chullikkad, former principal of the college K Aravindakshan, film director Siddique and actor Baburaj were present for the programme.The inaugural ceremony was followed by 'Guruvandanam' a programme to honour former faculty members of the college. Vayalar Ravi, Mammootty and Siddique released a souvenir to commemorate the event. Old is Gold, an orchestra of old film songs was held in the evening. According to the organizers, around ten thousand alumni attended the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11856087", "title": "Summer on way, brace for another power jolt", "text": "With the power situation getting acute, Chennai residents, who have been suffering just onehour load shedding every day, are likely to sweat it out for another hour. Managing electricity supply during peak summer this year will be a herculean task for the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) and the harried administration is seriously considering increasing the duration of power cuts to two hours in the city.In the districts, where outages extend to over six hours every day, protests have been getting more strident. With the power demand soaring, the board is staring at a huge deficit of over 3,500MW. People from the industrial and agricultural sector have poured out onto the streets across the state to express their angst.Officials, who feel the issue could go out of hand and even end up in a serious law and order problem, recently submitted a proposal to chief minister J Jayalalithaa suggesting that the load shedding be increased in the city, which has so far been spared from long hours of power cuts. Power managers feel this is the only solution to ease the problem.As on date, the power demand in Chennai stands at 2,000MW. This is bound to increase once the summer heat intensifies. \"The main problem will be at night when people start using airconditioners. The demand will go up by at least 500MW,\" said a board official . Though the TNEB has booked a separate corridor for getting power from other states and is preparing for power purchase from private players, the period of peak demand in the coming months is going to be difficult to manage, the official admitted.There has been no capacity addition in the state for the past 10 years. According to the CAG report for 2009-10 , as against a required capacity addition of 3,977MW between 2005 and 2010, the state added a meagre 290MW. The previous DMK government sanctioned long pending applications for around 65,000 new agricultural pumpsets last year, adding to the existing 19 lakh and the power burden. The power consumption in the agriculture sector, which was around 2,000MW, has thus increased. \"As the demand is more, the cost of power has also increased . We do not have sufficient funds to buy such costly electricity. The transmission infrastructure is also poor and it is impossible to wheel power from other states,\" said a TNEB source.Private producers who used to supply power to TNEB have cut back as the board still owes them over Rs 10,000 crore. \"We are hoping that the Vallur, Mettur and North Chennai power plants, which can provide a total of 1,700MW will become operational at least by June,\" said the source.Officials say had the Kudankulam nuclear plant been commissioned as scheduled in December last year, the state would have been able to bridge one third of its shortage.'Distribute invertors as freebies'COIMBATORE: A retired post master in Coimbatore on Saturday sent a registered letter to chief minister J Jayalalithaa urging her to stop distribution of freebies like mixer grinders and table fans and instead dole out small capacity invertors. N Hariharan of Kovaipudur, who won six national awards for meritorious service during his 38 years in postal department, said mixers and grinders would be of no use at a time when the state is passing through severe power outages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "11854776", "title": "'LPG cylinder may have led to train fire'", "text": "MAPUSA: The truck driver who died after a truck loaded on a Konkan Railway Ro-Ro (Roll on-roll off) freight train caught fire at Pernem on Friday night, has been identified as the Satyanarayan Yadav of Thane. The deceased's body has been sent to the GMC for postmortem.The cause of the fire is being investigated. Sources said that a LPG cylinder--suspected to be the cause of fire--was recovered from the truck driver's cabin by fire services officers.The Surathkal-Kolad train had left Thivim and was passing through the Pernem railway station at around 8.15pm when the incident occurred.The freight train was carrying 40 trucks. The truck which caught fire was at the very back of the freight train and was carrying machinery. Some of the other trucks had tankers carrying chemicals.It was pure luck that the incident occurred that close to the station. This made it possible for the fire brigade to reach the site quickly.\"This is the first time that such an accident has occurred. We are investigating the case,\" said Baban Ghatge, the public relations officer of Konkan Railways.\"Konkan Railways has suffered no loss in the incident and the train services were resumed immediately after the fire was put-off,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11862426", "title": "Valentine Day likely to be a low key affair", "text": "MANGALORE: For cupid struck couples it will be a \"hush-hush'' affair this Valentine's Day - for any loud celebration is bound to attract the moral police.The hotels here have already taken a cue of the poor response the day has generated over the last few years, especially after the Amnesia pub attack by Sri Rama Sene (though not pertaining to Valentine Day), and have restricted the celebration aspect to special buffets.The Bajrang Dal has already made it clear that the `foreign culture' of professing love in public or partying will not be tolerated.The Dal's convener Sharan Pumpwell told TOI they have already submitted a memorandum to the Police Commissioner that they should not allow any DJing, parties or celebrations of any kind to go beyond 11 pm on that day. ``We will monitor parks and public spaces for indecent behaviour. If we find somebody we will inform the authorities. We will not take law into our hands,'' he said.So what moral grounds does the Bajrang Dal have when the BJP finds in a tight spot over alleged rave party and porn gate scandal? Pumpwell asserted that politics and organization is different. ``We don't condone what the government has done,'' he said.Hotels are circumspect. \"We had organized Valentine Day party last year. The response was very poor. We don't want to lose money. Those who want to celebrate can come and have our special buffet,'' said a hotel manger.'Even if we organize celebrations, who will come? You know the city and how it functions. Moreover there are already diktats issued by the moral police. Even if police give us protection for a day, we have to watch our backs the whole year. The risk is not worth it,'' said another hotel manager.The gift shops here also have decided not to display the Valentine Day cards openly, though a few shop owners are willing to defy the moral police saying that they will give it required display.Police Commissioner Seemanth Kumar Singh said that all precautions will be taken so that police will do the policing and not the moral police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11863911", "title": "6 Congress leaders held for assault on VMC engineer", "text": "VADODARA: The city police on Sunday arrested six Congress leaders in connection with their protests held on Friday at the Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) office and throwing ink on executive engineer P M Patel.They were arrested for conspiring to attack the engineer. Congress leaders alleged that while Raopura police led by police inspector M K Parmar was swift enough to pick up their partymen from their homes early on Sunday morning, no arrests have been made in similar cases where BJP leaders have slapped or threatened VMC officials.\"This is a clear case of vindictiveness. Police on BJP's guidance are trying to intimidate us and muzzle our protests. Why BJP men who have attacked VMC officials in the past not arrested ever?\" asked Congress city unit president Narendra Rawat.\"The cops are acting on directions from the BJP that is under pressure due to our continued protests over the Lalbaug bridge issue. The BJP doesn't want to admit that it had constructed faulty bridge and wasted crores of rupees and hence it is misusing its power to derail our protests,\" Rawat told TOI.Those arrested include Narendra Jaiswal, I D Patel, Rajashri Desai, Saakir Hakim, Anil Parmar and Balu Surve. The police produced only three of the arrested Congress men in the court. \"We will produce the other three in the court on Monday. More arrests may follow in the case soon,\" said Parmar.\"Why were all six not produced the same day? And why were the arrests made in the wee hours when they were sleeping?\" questioned Rawat.A group of city Congress leaders led by Rawat had entered Patel's office to submit memorandum about the faulty bridge. When Patel was accepting the memorandum one of the leaders threw ink on him. A police complaint was registered by the VMC official. The civic officials and staff members had walked out of their offices after the incident and also threatened to go on strike if the Congress didn't tender apology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11855802", "title": "18 months on, SHO fined for not taking action", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After struggling for around one-and-half years, a resident of Phase XI, Mohali, Naranjan Lal, saw justice when a station house officer of Mohali police was slapped a fine of Rs 10,000 and subjected to departmental action for not taking action on the complaint of Lal, on Friday.The fine was slapped by Punjab state human rights commission (PSHRC), which has directed Punjab police to deduct the fine from the salary of SHO Sanjeev Kumar to be handed over to the complainant.Naranjan Lal, an official with Punjab School Education Board, was struggling hard to lodge an FIR of theft in his house, in which thieves burgled gold and cash worth Rs 5 lakh in April, 2010.Though, then SHO of police station, Phase VIII, Mohali, Sanjeev Kumar had visited the house of Lal and recorded his statement, but no FIR was registered and no valid reason was given for the same.Interestingly, when commission sought the comments of SSP (Mohali) over the issue, district police Mohali had filed a copy of an FIR, which was registered on the complaint of Kamna, resident of Sector 68, Mohali, claiming complaint of Naranjan was also being probed along with the complaint of the woman. The commission has rejected the reply of district police Mohali and instructed SHO Sanjeev Kumar to file a reply on his behalf.Sources in the commission told TOI, \"In his reply before the commission though SHO Sanjeev had claimed that the enquiry officer of the theft case was another ASI Harbans Singh, but commission rejected the reply stating ASI Singh was working under his supervision.\"When contacted, SHO Sanjeev Kumar, who is now posted in Ropar, said, \"The complaint of Naranjan was being investigated along with another complaint and this is normal procedure followed by police department.\"The commission has also directed the DGP (Punjab) to file an action taken reply on the orders before the commission on April 17, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11855207", "title": "Pensioners' paradise now tops in abuse of elderly", "text": "BANGALORE: The Garden City, which was once the Pensioners' Paradise, is no longer so. At least that is what a survey has revealed - that it treats its elderly badly. The survey by HelpAge India in nine cities - Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Kolkata, Bhopal, Chennai and Patna - showed the Karnataka capital emerging the leader in verbal abuse (speaking loudly, using foul language, name calling and blaming) and emotional abuse of the elderly.The fact that the alarmingly high count of elder abuse in the city as recorded in the study is only a partial reflection of the actual figure is a matter of great concern. It is fear of further abuse which lies at the root of the elders not making their ordeal public, says the study.A whopping 82.8% of elderly in Bangalore fear further abuse and crime against them, apprehending which, they prefer to silently suffer. Also as many as 40.4% of them facing abuse at home say getting it out in the community will only instil in them a sense of shame, say the findings.Moreover, 19.1% elderly feel that nothing concrete will happen even if they complain and thereby choose to remain silent. Add to that the perception of 9% elderly who feel that they will unnecessarily get entangled in legal issues if they come out with their abuse stories in public. Given the figures, it is not difficult to guess why it is the social workers in Bangalore who are approached the most (20.4%) to intervene and resolve the crisis elders face at home.According to the report, it is only 1% of the elderly people in Bangalore who are willing to take any concrete action against the abuse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11856486", "title": "Students show their class at colour splash", "text": "LUCKNOW: Intelligent minds with colourful imagination gathered on Friday at Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Park, Gomti Nagar, on the occasions of The Times NiE \" Colour Splash 2012\" event in association with Navayuga Radiance Senior Secondary School, Rajendra Nagar, with PSIT &amp; PSAT, Kanpur as associate sponsors and the Fundamental Quiz in association with Rubics Rostrum.The painting competition was followed by a quiz programme. The event offered the students a great opportunity to display their creative skills in painting in five categories: Sheet Painting, Face Painting, Pot Painting, Hand Painting and Teachers category of Sheet Painting. The function started with great fervour with a feel of life in different colours and shades.Students from La Martiniere Boys, Rajkumar Children's Academy, Central Academy, Aashiana, Virendra Swarup, APS Nehru Rd, Sahara Estates, DPS Eldeco, LPS Sec D, LPS Gomati Nagar, HAL School, Navayuga Radiance Senior Secondary School Rajendra Nagar, Modern Academy, St Peters', DPS Jankipuram, GD Goenka, Maharaja Agarsen, Sacred Heart, Ram Swarup, Exon Montessori, CMS Gomti Nagar, St Joseph Rajajipuram, St Joseph Thakurganj, Bal Vidya Mandir and Hoerner School participated.The students described the events as \"exciting\", \"wonderful\", \"humorous\", \"full of frolic\", \"a huge platform for my kind of painting\", \"just loved being here, whether I win or no\". The judges for the colour event were Vibhash Pandey, Ratan Kumar and Shrikant. The 1st winner for the hand painting was Astha Harshita from DPS Eldeco; sheet painting was Shalini Dwivedi from DPS Eldeco; pot painting was Harshita Khatri from DPS Eldeco; face painting was Sudha Yadav from Sacred Heart; clay painting was Shubham Tiwari from LPS Sec D; teacher's category was Arvind Tripathi from LPS Sec D, and to conclude a special prize in the teacher's category which was won by Gunjan Khatri from St. Joseph's Inter College.The mastermind behind the Fundamental Quiz was Surya Pratap Singh with the winners as La Martiniere Boys' College who stood first; Seth MR Jaipuria as second and the third prize went to DPS Eldeco.The events concluded with students in a jubilant mood, all set to arrive soon on another stage of creativity and intelligence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11854601", "title": "RU VC meets principals on college woes", "text": "RANCHI: The vice-chancellor of Ranchi University convened a meeting with principals of all the colleges under RU to discuss their requirements for providing quality education on Saturday.\"The main problem in most of the colleges was shortage of teachers but we have already discussed the problem at the meeting with the education minister on February 6 and it was decided that advertisements will be taken out and appointments will be made for teaching staff in various college,\" said VC L N Bhagat.Another common problem of the colleges is that funds are not provided to the colleges from university. Bhagat said, \"Transfer from university to college account takes time. I have called the teachers of distant colleges next week for immediate redressal of their demands.\"The vice chancellor lost his patience when a college principal came up with the problem of non-availability of drinking water in his college. \"If he cannot manage to provide water how will he provide quality education? I have asked him to come to me on Monday with his demands and I'll provide funds. After he gets the fund, he should make sure to get two water filters and coolers installed in his college in a week,\" said Bhagat.The VC also directed the principals of colleges to prepare a proposal of Rs 20 lakh each to be sent to UGC for the 12th Five Year Plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11855367", "title": "Experts, youths exchange ideas", "text": "KOLKATA: 'Role of cultural institutions in shifting urban landscapes and shaping urban reality on an international level' This was the agenda for the joint podium discussion at the German Consulate General on Saturday. which saw an exchange of innovative ideas and approaches in tackling urban and cultural changes between the panelists.The conference, organized under the aegis of \"Germany and India 2011-2012: Infinite Opportunities\", witnessed an exchange of innovative ideas between the panelists.Speaking on the topic \"Urban Changes and Culture-Conference of Encounters\", was an diverse and esteemed panel of renowned proven specialists. Cultural analyst and professor of cultural policy studies, Yudhishthir Raj Isar, director of City-Historical Museum, Leipzig Volker Rodekamp and Jagan Shah, director, Sushant School of Art and Architecture, shared the stage. The others on the dias were Shivani Saha, Fifi Nuno and Mona Camille representing Kolkata, Accra and Dresden respectively - all part of the youth delegation. Sujata Sen, director, British Council, moderated the discussion.Jagan Shah who opened the discussion said cultural institutions are a vital part of creation of identities for cities. He felt new perspectives for culture in changing urban surroundings has become a vital issue in the public domain.Yudhishthir Raj Isar echoed Shah's ideas. was of the same opinion as Shah.\"Today, forces of globalization have become a topic of salience for the people and it certainly cannot be tackled in isolation,\" he said.Shivani Saha, the second to speak has taken the city to be her home for the last 8 months. She felt that Kolkata has beautifully suffused modern metropolitan currents with tradition.The youth delegation from Dresden and Accra had personal experiences to share. They provided a basis for cross-cultural discussion on the differing situations between Kolkata and the places they represented.Fifi Nuno for instance found many a similarities between his hometown and the city of joy. \"The narrow roads, people living on the streets, remind me of Accra,\" he said.However, for Mona Camille, the noise in the city has been too much to bear ever since she landed in Kolkata.But the topic that really got the ball rolling was 'how museums engage with the challenges of modern society'.Volker Rodekamp was of the opinion that museums built bridges to understand history, society and culture.\"Museums can certainly take an active part in building a society rather than being old fashioned,\" Volker Rodekamp said. In reply to Volker, Shivangi said, \"Museums have to be old fashioned if they represent a time from history.\" Fifi felt that though museums have been in a time warp and are wrapped in timelessness, they need to make a transition with today's changing times.The aim of the discussion was to join together in devising plans for museums, cultural institutions and independent actors and to allow them to face up to the processes of change occurring in cities now and play an active role in shaping them. The dialogue between the youth and experts did spark some creative and unconventional ideas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11860021", "title": "Chennai cheers for Genelia D'Souza", "text": "This was Genelia D'Souza's first outing to Chennai after her recent marriage to long-time beau Riteish Deshmukh .And boy, Chennai was happy to see their local girl out in the stands. The actress, who is also the ambassador for the Mumbai Heroes team in the Celebrity Cricket League, was upbeat and cheering for her husband's team.And the crowd cheered on for Mumbai, as their favourite girl, who started her cinema innings with Shankar's Boys, was part of it.While the team lost the semi-finals, the crowd still roared every time the camera zoomed on her during the presentation ceremony.Chennai loves Genelia, despite her married tag, and this CCL semi-final game was proof enough for that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11854692", "title": "Education minister upgrades to Class XII", "text": "PANAJI: Education minister Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate, 49, has upgraded his educational qualification to Class 12.In his affidavit filed before the election returning officer on Saturday, Monserrate declared that he had completed the senior secondary examination (Council of Secondary Education, Mohali) in the year 2009.Monserrate has also declared that he owns assets worth 21 crore including 13 four-wheelers and 18 two-wheelers. In 2007, Monserrate had submitted an affidavit that he had completed his SSC from St Teresa's high school, Bandra, Mumbai. This was, however, disputed by activist Aires Rodrigues. Monserrate then told the court that he had not completed his SSC at St Teresa's but elsewhere.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11854837", "title": "An industrial park for enterprising women", "text": "KOCHI: If you are an enterprising woman looking to set up a small industrial unit of your own, then the Thrikkakara Municipality is ready to help you. The local body has come up with an innovative idea to promote women entrepreneurs by setting up a women's industrial park.The project, a first-of-its-kind in the state, will start functioning by the year end. The park that is spread across an acre in Thengod, near Kakkanad, will bring women entrepreneurs under one roof.\"There are many small-scale business units run by women. Our aim is to bring them under one roof and make it a collective effort,\" said P A Muhammad Ali, Thrikkakara municipal chairman. In the industrial building with an area of 3,600 sq ft, 10 small scale units can get going in the first phase. The park will have all facilities required for a start-up. The municipal authorities said the beneficiaries can also set up small units for pickle-making and candle manufacturing.Women can start industrial units individually or collectively. The residents of Thrikkakara Municipality will be given priority while allocating space, which will be rented out at minimal cost. The rent will be hiked once the project moves into the secondary stage.To help women market their products, the authorities will seek the help of Kudumbashree. \"They find it difficult to market their products, hence the idea of a marketing platform,\" said Ali. Thrikkakara Municipality has invested Rs 50 lakh for the first phase of the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11854911", "title": "'TV stimulating aggression among kids'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Call it stress in school or undemocratic parenting at home, more and more children, specially adolescents, are being pushed to the edge.Forty eight hours after a class IX student stabbed his teacher in Chennai, triggering shock and outrage across India, child psychiatrists say the message being drilled into them that life is a competitive sport, is turning the joy of learning at school into a struggle to excel for these children.Several questions are being raised following the Chennai murder: Was the student lonely? Did his parents ever try to listen to him? Was the teacher excessively inconsiderate towards him? Could TV have played a role in pushing him to commit such an act?Dr Jitendra Nagpal, senior consultant at the Institute of Mental Health and Lifeskills at Moolchand Hospital, said parents should not forget that the first school for any child is his family. Children brought up in happy and communicating families have been seen to be less aggressive, less defiant and not hostile.\"I don't agree with what the boy in Chennai did. But such cases of adolescent aggression are becoming common. We see 10 such patients every week,\" Dr Nagpal said.He added, \"Several reasons could be causing this. Aggression in children is frustrations due to lack of communication both within the family and school, leading them to feel emotional deprivation. Children are the product of the environment they spend time in and lack of emotional nourishment in that, can cause serious harm.\"So can parents help do? \"Bonding with real time communication with their children, democratic parenting by allowing children in the family to express their opinion, seeing the world through their kids and not imposing their dreams on them can really help,\" Dr Nagpal added.Doctors say parents and teachers should look out for warning signs. Having nightmares is a common response to stress among children. Trouble concentrating on homework, physical or verbal aggression like screaming or having difficulty completing tasks that require patience should be addressed. Having temper tantrums or being continuously disobedient is also important signs to watch out for.According to Dr Samir Parekh from Max Hospital, TV is playing a major role in stimulating aggression among youngsters. On an average, children are believed to be watching four hours of TV daily and it can be a powerful influence in developing value systems and shaping behaviour. Unfortunately, much of today's TV programming is violent with soap operas delving mostly in family politics and conspiracy.Dr Parekh said, \"Reality shows, abusive language and meanness besides violence in even cartoons or video games leads to the child becoming desensitized thereby suffering from distortion of reality. They feel aggression will be celebrated like it is on TV and they can get away with it.\"Experts say a child sitting with parents and watching such soap operas can end up believing in the idea of a fragmented family. The kid, then, fails to trust.Several studies on the effects of TV and video game violence on children have found that children may gradually accept violence as a way to solve problems and identify with certain characters, victims or aggressors.\"Extensive viewing of television violence causes greater aggressiveness,\" Dr Parekh added.Dr Parekh explained that observational learning or the impact of TV violence could be immediately evident in the child's behaviour or may surface years later. Parents can protect children from excessive TV violence \"pay attention to the programmes their children are watching, set limits on the amount of time they spend on watching TV and don't have a TV in the child's room.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11854809", "title": "Fake cops dupe senior citizen", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A senior citizen was duped of gold bangles worth Rs 1 lakh by a duo posing as cops near Memnagar on Saturday morning. The impersonators also showed her their 'Police' cards.Daksha Patel, 62, a resident of Sagar Flat, Memnagar, was going to Kamnath Mahadev near her residence at 9.30 am on Saturday when she was stopped by two men. The duo in early thirties identified themselves as cops and asked her to remove her gold jewellery. They cited recent cases of assault on women and robberies and asked her to be alert.\"Patel did not buy their arguments. She told them that she also reads newspapers and there has been guideline where the policemen are not supposed to handle gold jewellery.She demanded an identity card after which one of the men also provided her with one. When their conversation was going on, one of the men approached them and told them that he had kept the ornaments safe. She was then convinced that it might be a case of genuine police helping citizens,\" said a Gujarat University police official. She removed her four gold bangles that one of the men took and wrapped in newspaper and put in her purse.When she reached home, she found the jewellery missing.\"We believe it to be a typical Irani gang modus operandi. After a long gap, they have been active in western city parts,\" said a senior city police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "11858385", "title": "Congress will weep after UP assembly poll results: BJP", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Irrespective of the fact whether Congress leader Sonia Gandhi has shed tears on the Batla house issue or not, her party will weep after the declarations of UP poll results, BJP said on Sunday.\"Digvijay Singh says that Sonia Gandhi did not shed tears on the Batla house issue, while other party members say that she wept over it, but it is sure that Congress will weep after the declarations of poll results,\" senior BJP leader Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said.Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh yesterday rejected Law Minister Salman Khurshid's claim that Batla House encounter picture brought tears into the eyes of Sonia Gandhi.While addressing an election meeting in Azamgarh on Thursday, Khurshid had said that the pictures of encounter brought tears into the eyes of his party president, who asked him not to show her the pictures.The BJP also moved the Election Commission today seeking a ban on Khurshid's campaigning in UP.Naqvi said that Rahul and Priyanka both are playing \"dubious\" games with voters to hide the shortcomings of the UPA government as they know that voters will not forgive them for the \"open loot\" of public money committed by their party leaders.He said that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh can not escape from the responsibility of scams, and public will not forgive him for his role of being \"silent\".Attacking the Centre on the issue of alleged corruption in various schemes in Uttar Pradesh, the BJP leader alleged that UPA government always \"defended\" state chief minister Mayawati on the issue of \"wastage\" of public funds.Both UPA and Mayawati governments are under fear as BJP will form the next government with full majority in UP, he claimed.BJP media president Sardar SP Singh claimed that about 200 local leaders of Muslim community in western UP today joined BJP before Naqvi.Naqvi said that Ghaziabad will be the centre of BJP for February 28 election in western UP, and he will personally look after the election management.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11855459", "title": "Mentally challenged man sterilized in MP", "text": "BHOPAL: A 35-year-old mentally retarded and childless man was allegedly taken away and vasectomised in the district hospital in Rewa, under the government's sterilisation drive.Ramavtar Gupta, a resident of Mahsaw village, underwent vasectomy in the district hospital on Thursday. His brother, Moolchand, has now petitioned the police seeking action.In his complaint to Kotwali police, Moolchand says his brother was taken by two anganwadi workers from Mahsaw and vasectomised in the district hospital.\"Ramavtar is mentally incapacitated for sure. He started undressing right here in the police station when I asked him what had happened,\" Inspector S S Rajput of Rewa Kotwali Police Station said. \"I wonder how and why the doctor operated on him,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11854406", "title": "CBI begins probe into Cheriyathura firing", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The CBI has started a probe into the source of the explosives used in the Cheriyathura riot that led to a police firing on May 17, 2009. Six people were killed in the incident.The forensic department had recovered highly explosive material, Neogel, from Cheriyathura soon after the incident.The CBI team has been entrusted with the task of finding the source of explosives as the police suspected the involvement of some outfits outside the state in the incident.The CBI team from Mumbai reached the capital on Friday and met crime branch ADGP Vinson M Paul.Important documents including the case diary has been handed over to the CBI. The investigation team is headed by P Satish Daggar, assistant superintendent of police.The judicial commission, headed by district Judge K Ramakrishnan, that probed the Cheriyathura incident had handed over the report to the state government on January 4.Following the report, the state government had requested the Centre to order a CBI investigation to find out about the involvement of foreign outfits in the riots.The clash between two communities from Beemapally and Cheriyathura had led to the police firing.Four policemen were suspended following the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11855270", "title": "Noida-Kalindi Kunj road pothole-free", "text": "Noida: Spelling respite for lakhs of commuters who frequent the arterial Noida-Kalindi Kunj road, authorities have repaired the one-km damaged stretch. The development comes three days after a TOI report highlighted the state of disrepair that the road had been lying in for the past eight months.The two-lane road was ridden with potholes and broken dividers. A portion of the road had been dug up leading to daily traffic snarls. Traffic police officials said the road sees heavy traffic moving across the border. As a result of the vehicular pressure the road was in desperate state of repair.\"An estimated 1.5 lakh motorists use the road every day. During peak hours, traffic jams spill over till the Mahamaya flyover,\" said Saiffudin Beg, traffic inspector, Noida Traffic Police.\"Repair work began late on Thursday night. Only one half of the road was closed down at a given point of time to ensure that commuters were not inconvenienced. We made sure that the traffic kept moving,\" added Beg.Although the partial closure of the road triggered a traffic jam that lasted for over three hours, most commuters felt that was a small price to pay. \"I use the stretch everyday and I end up wasting half an hour navigating through the potholes. I am just glad that the road is getting fixed. Hopefully my daily commute is going to be much smoother from now on,\" said Alisha Brar, a resident of Noida Sector 93.On Friday, the authorities began closed down the service lane which connects the Noida-Kalindi Kunj road to Sector 125. \"We have identified the road as an accident prone stretch. Heavy vehicles and trucks coming from Sector 125 hamper the flow of traffic on the road,\" said Beg.According to officials, the heavy traffic movement on this road is the primary cause for its pathetic condition.\"A number of heavy vehicles coming from Uttar Pradesh ply on the route. The wear and tear on this road is significantly higher than other routes connecting Noida with Delhi,\" said an official of the Uttar Pradesh Irrigation department.aniruddha.ghosal@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11854505", "title": "When kids love to read about rainforests", "text": "What are kids reading these days? While some continue to read favourites like Hardy Boys, Enid Blyton and Roald Dahl, there are five-year-olds who read whatever they find on topical issues like rainforests and nature. Some 10-year-olds \"don't remember the names of books\" they read. Then there are those who are hooked on titles by contemporary authors like Chetan Bhagat.There are a lot of takers for new authors. Diary of A Wimpy Kid by Jeff Kinney is a favourite with Armaan Sharma, a Class 4 student at Navy Children School in Colaba.The series on Greg Heffley and his struggles in middle school appeals also to Armaan's brother Aryan, who studies in Class VII.The elder sibling also reads Enid Blyton and Roald Dahl and \"funny books\" like The Adventures of Captain Underpants by Dav Pilkey.The brothers spend almost two and a half hours after school every day reading fiction, books on general knowledge and encyclopaedia.Five-year-old Mihika Layak of Sr KG at Podar Jumbo Kids in Santa Cruz (W) is already reading books that her parents read as 10-year-olds. Mihika has been reading for two years now. She reads a kid's dictionary, poems by Enid Blyton, moral science stories and fairytales. Then, her parents read out to her stories from Thakurmar Jhuli (Bengali for Grandmother's Tales) and books on Swami Vivekananda, which are procured from Ramakrishna Mission. Even her grandparents carry storybooks for her during visits from Kolkata. Mihika, though, is yet to go a library. Her mother Rini says: \"She loves to read the same story again and again. So, we prefer to buy her books. We haven't even found out if there is a library nearby.\"On the other hand, Ayesha Khan (13) of Bombay Cambridge School in Andheri reads only those books that she gets from the school library.Studies leave her with little time, so she gets only one book a month. She prefers reading Nancy Drew and Enid Blyton.Zaid Shaikh, a Class VI student at St John's Universal School in Goregaon, loves to read Goosebumps, a series of horror novels by R L Stine. He devotes an hour on stories any time after school, but \"preferably before it gets dark and scary\". His neighbour Noorain Naushad Maredia, who studies in Class V at City International School in Andheri (W), likes reading ghost stories any time of the day. He is also a fan of Tenali Rama, Jataka Tales and Nancy Drew. Musharrafa Alam, a Class VII student at City International School in Andheri (W), has read the evergreen Gulliver's Travels and Little Women from her school library as well as the contemporary The 3 Mistakes of My Life by Chetan Bhagat. She also reads newspapers.Despite the grouse among parents that children do not read enough, stores see a rise in the number of young readers. Employees at bookshops like Crossword and Landmark say the Geronimo Stilton series is a hit among 5-8 year-olds. Equally sought-after are the Magic Tree House, Magic School Bus and Junie B Jones series . Enid Blyton's Famous Five remains a favourite in the 5-8 age group. Boys aged 8-12 love reading Diary of a Wimpy Kid and Lincoln Peirce's comic strip Big Nate. Girls in the same age group love books by Cathy Cassidy and Diary of Amos Lee by Adeline Foo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11859218", "title": "Salman Khurshid on EC row: Congress wants its leaders to speak as per law", "text": "NEW DELHI: Apparently disapproving law minister Salman Khurshid's controversial remarks regarding Election Commission censuring him on minorities' sub-quota issue, Congress on Sunday said the party always wants its leaders to speak as per the norms of public life and law of the land.\"The Election Commission is a constitutional body. Congress always wants that all Congressmen should speak as per the norms of public life and the law of the land,\" AICC General Secretary and media department chairman Janardan Dwivedi told PTI.This is the first official reaction of the Congress party on the controversy.Dwivedi's reply came in response to a question on the controversy surrounding Khurshid's statement at Farrukhabad yesterday which prompted the Commission to write a strong letter to President Pratibha Patil seeking her \"immediate and decisive\" intervention.Acting swiftly on the EC complaint, Patil last night sent the missive to the office of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for \"appropriate action\".Leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj demanded dismissal of Khurshid as the law minister for acting against the Constitution.\"We request the President to withdraw her pleasure and dismiss Salman Khurshid as a Minister of the Union Cabinet for acting against the law and the Constitution,\" she tweeted.While defending Khurshid, Congress leader Digvijaya Singh said every political party has the right to talk about their programmes during election campaigns and it was not correct to press charges like these against political leaders.\"With great humility, I would like to ask the EC that if political outfits are not allowed to speak about their agenda, then the party manifesto should also be stopped,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "belur (howrah)", "code": "11855223", "title": "Infosys fate in state hangs on 'clauses'", "text": "BELUR (HOWRAH): Uncertainty looms over IT bellwether Infosys Technologies' entry into the state.IT bellwether Infosys Technologies chairman emeritus N R Narayana Murthy on Saturday hinted that his company was yet to cross the last hurdle for venturing into the state. According to him, Infosys was \"waiting for certain clauses\" to be fulfilled by the state government before deciding on the future of the project.\"We are waiting for certain clauses in our agreement to be fulfilled so that we are not at any disadvantage compared to operations by our competitors or operations by Infosys in other states. Once those things are fulfilled, let me assure you, it would be our absolute pleasure to be in West Bengal as this is a land of wise men and women. But we are waiting for the state government to fulfill certain clauses,\" Murthy said while addressing the national seminar on \"ICT In Rising Bengal\" organized by the Ramakrishna Mission Shilpamandira Computer Centre, Belur Math.The reason for the company's dilemma is quite apparent. Infosys has been eyeing the special economic zone (SEZ) status that the Mamata Banerjee government is opposed to. Company sources said if the state doesn't give the SEZ status and other benefits to Infosys, the company will be in doubt to take up the project in the state. And this after Infosys' executive co- chairman S Gopalakrishnan said on December 9 last year that the company will start construction work in the next three to six months and the initial investment would be in the range of Rs 100 crore.State IT minister Partha Chatterjee told TOI, \"Earlier Infosys raised some issues regarding the offer letter we gave them. But that has been addressed and resolved. Now if they want certain benefits provided by other states, they have to tell us about them. We are ready to sit and talk on those. We are concerned about the project and we want them start work immediately.\" The minister is not in a mood to let go the project that would generate employment for 20,000 people initially. Talking about the software industry in IT, Murthy said it has one the largest number of jobs with highest average salary.Infosys has taken 50 acre in Rajarhat for Rs 1.5 crore per acre. It has made full payment for the land in October last year.In the recent past, Videocon Realty &amp; Infrastructure Ltd - a Videocon group firm - had approached the Centre to denotify its IT/ITeS special economic zone project at Dabgram in West Bengal. But the company claimed that the took the decision being perturbed by the economic slowdown in the western countries.Going by the rule, any IT/ITeS SEZ has to export 90% of its production.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "saraimeer (azamgarh)", "code": "11856616", "title": "Saraimeer wants to leave Batla behind", "text": "SARAIMEER (AZAMGARH): The unpleasant memories of the Batla House encounter still linger here. More so, because the politicians have repeatedly raked up the issue during the election campaign to polarise votes in their favour. But, on Saturday, it was the turn of the voters to make the decisive say. And they did, turning out in large numbers at the polling booths.\"What's on our minds will be known when the votes will be counted on March 6. Don't ask us anything more, ask those who tried to play politics in the name of Batla House,\" said Mohd Afzal, a local native.\"Except the Bharatiya Janata Party, all other major political parties raised the issue of Batla House to draw political mileage, but they can't befool people for long,\" said Mohd Rashid, another voter.\"Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi was shown black flags when he visited Azamgarh recently. A youth from Sanjarpur wanted to ask something but he (Rahul) ignored him. Do you think that people are fools,\" said an elderly sitting at a roadside shop. The very mention of the Batla House encounter leads to unease among the natives of Saraimeer and Sanjarpur. \"The encounter that led to the creation of Ulema Council which developed a strong footing among the Muslim community of Saraimeer,\" said Mohd Yasir, a local resident.\"This time people from all sections went to the polling booths in large number,\" he said, adding that the intention of voters is clear -they want change. \"People want nothing but selfrespect and better living,\" he said.Like other places, Saraimeer, now part of Nizamabad assembly constituency, witnessed crowds at polling booths in the second phase of assembly election on Saturday. Before delimitation, Saraimeer was an assembly constituency won by the Samajwadi Party in 2007 election.The two alleged Indian Mujhaideen operatives, Atif Amin and Mohammed Sajid, killed in the Batla House encounter in New Delhi in 2008 belonged to Sanjarpur in Saraimeer. The incident has been marred by controversy with some quarters calling it a fake encounter.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "sunam udham singh wala", "code": "11860369", "title": "Residents elated over union government approved naming town after martyr", "text": "SUNAM UDHAM SINGH WALA: The birthplace of legendary martyr Udham Singh, who had avenged the Jallianwala massacre after long 21 years by killing Michael O' Dwyer at London' Caxton hall, has now officially been named after him as Sunam Udham Singh Wala from mere Sunam.Though earlier too the town was named as Sunam Udham Singh Wala by Punjab government but now union home ministry has given its approval and has renamed Sunam as Sunam Udham Singh Wala. The union home ministry renamed 25 towns on Sunday including Sunam. The other Punjab towns having got home ministry approval for changing the names are as Sahibzada Ajit Singh Nagar as Ajitgarh, Nawashahar as Shahid Bhagat Singh Nagar and Mukatsar as Sri Mukatsar Sahib.Udham Singh had taken birth on December 26, 1899 at a single room hutment situated at Mohalla Peelbad, in the heart of the town from mother Narain Kaur.After the union government had completed the formalities, Punjab government' revenue and rehabilitation department by issuing notification on February 15, 2006 had renamed Sunam as Sunam Udham Singh wala. Earlier the then Punjab chief minister Amarinder Singh , while paying tributes to martyr on his martyrdom day on July 31, 2003 had announced to name the town after the martyr.\"Now with union home ministry giving its consent, the town residents feel proud over it being renamed as Sunam Udham Singh Wala in real sense\", said town resident Sandeep Jain. \"With the town named after martyr the coming generations will remember the supreme sacrifice made by martyr with pride and if promised museum is set up here and his belongings are brought back, it can apprise generations about the sacrifices of martyr\", said another resident Rajesh Aggarwal.\"We are happy over the renaming of town but governments must also fulfill the promises over the bringing back the belongings, lying at London' Albert museum and at Multan in Pakistan, related to martyr as respective chief ministers had made promises over the years but to no avail till now\", said martyr' nephew Bachan Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11854496", "title": "Liquor seized in pre-poll drive", "text": "NAGPUR: City police confiscated substantial quantity of liquor as a part of the security arrangement for the forthcoming NMC elections in the city on Saturday.Sources from Hudkeshwar police said their detection branch squad, following a tip-off, intercepted a car, owned by Dhanraj Musle near Tukdoji Putla square in which a carton containing 48 bottles of country liquor was found.The driver, Narendra Atkari, was heading towards Manewada Ring Road from Reshimbagh when the cops nabbed him. Police said Atakari was not able to explain the motive behind ferrying such a quantity of liquor with the polling day nearing.Later in the day, assistant commissioner of police RS Pawade's squad intercepted a car near Telephone Exchange Chowk. Ten cartons of country liquor, having 480 bottles, were found in the car that was driven by Arvind Pardhi. Police said that the car was owned by Ravindra Ikkalwar.During questioning, police said that Pardhi claimed to be taking the liquor consignment to Hiwre Nagar in Nandanvan at the behest of a prominent leader who is also contesting the election. An offence was registered at Lakadganj police station.Sources said the name of a BJP corporator and an NCP candidate have been linked with the seized liquor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11856242", "title": "A dancer\u2019s poetic tribute", "text": "If you missed Astad Deboo's Interpreting Tagore in November 2011, watch it on the last day of The Times of India Kala Ghoda Arts Festival. The work is a homage to Tagore whose 150th birth anniversary was celebrated last year.The performance has three pieces based on Tagore poems: 'Walk Alone' (it's more famous as 'Akla chalo'), which has been renamed 'Walking Tall', 'Your Grace' and 'Awakening'. A piece called 'Surrender' that's usually part of the show has been dropped due to shortage of time.'Walking Tall' is a semi-autobiographical work, Deboo says, as it talks about his struggle to popularise modern dance. Both the conservative world of Indian classical dance - Deboo is a trained kathak dancer - and corporate companies which sponsor cultural events were initially reluctant to support his work.'Your Grace', a tribute to the goddess Kali, makes use of giant puppets and masks. \"It starts off with me being devi,\" Deboo said in a recent interview with TOI. \"Then I become a devotee and offer the work to her.\" The performance is by eight street dwellers whom Deboo has been mentoring for four years. They are members of Salam Balak Trust, an NGO that supports street children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11855815", "title": "Engineering student found dead in pit", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 21-year-old chemical engineering student of Chitkara University, Baddi, Manav Garg of Sector 45, was found dead under mysterious circumstances in a two-foot-deep pit near Sector 48 on Saturday.While his parents claim it to be a murder as Manav was thrashed by some of his classmates five days ago, police claim that he died due to drowning. Cops have refused to lodge a murder case claiming that no injury marks were found on the body and only postmortem - to be conducted on Sunday - would ascertain the cause of death.Manav's father Ramesh Garg said, \"I received a call from his cellphone on Friday and the caller claiming to be dean of the university informed me that Manav had got involved in a scuffle and his phone was with him. My wife, Poonam, too got a call from his cellphone, but this time it was a girl. She said due to an assault incident, Manav would reach home late.\"DSP (south) B S Negi said though cellphone is still missing , a purse containing driving licence was found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11856560", "title": "Singhal slams communal violence bill", "text": "HYDERABAD: Describing as anti-Hindu the proposed Prevention of Communal and Targeted Violence Bill (PCTV), the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) international advisor Ashok Singhal on Saturday said that a massive programme would be taken up in April to enlighten citizens about the controversial clauses in the proposed legislation.Addressing a news conference , Singhal said that someone like Anna Hazare should educate the masses about the implications of the PCTV bill.\"Once the PCTV bill is passed, Hindus will be treated as the accused with the responsibility of proving their innocence lying on them.Some of the clauses in the bill are against the interests of Hindus,\" Singhal said.Singhal had halted in the city on his way to meeting Chinna Jeeyar Swami in Nizamabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11857934", "title": "SPS Group's celebration with 'Charuulata 2011'", "text": "What's the perfect way to enjoy a winter evening in the city? Naach-gaana and mauj masti under the opens skies with Tollywood's hottest celebrities in tow.That's how SPS Group celebrated their annual dealers's meet for its three premium brands, Elegant Steel, MW Wires and Bakefresh Biscuits.Over 3,700 dealers from all over the country had gathered and enjoyed the evening in style.The group also launched the first look of its Bengali feature film, \" Charuulata 2011\" which is releasing on March 2. The film, directed by Agnidev Chatterjee, stars Rituparna Sengupta , Dibyendu Mukherjee and Arjun Chakraborty as the leads. The meet was inaugurated by Sports and Transport minister Madan Mitra.Said Bipin Vohra, CMD of the group, \"We are making sure that all 3000 odd dealers from all over the country have a rocking time. Dev is our brand ambassador but he is out of town for a shoot so he couldn't make it to the event. Otherwise we had plans of him and Subhashree putting up a brilliant show.\"Just then, Subhashree, took to the stage and turned emcee for a while, stealing the thunder from original emcees Koushik and Kubra. And when she broke into the song, \"Kobe ashbe amar pala re\", she got the whole crowd on their feet, clapping and cheering on the pretty lady!However, probably the most amount of applause was reserved for Bappi Lahiri. When the man with the golden voice came up on stage, the front of the dias turned into a makeshift dance floor.When Bappida asked, \"Ready to rock?\", the crowd roared back, \"Yes!\" And thus, one after the other, the original disco king belted out blasts from the past like \"Yaad aa raha hai\", \"Pyaar bina chain kaha re\" and, of course, the latest rage, \"Ooh la la\" from \"The Dirty Picture\". \"\"Ooh la la\" nahin gaa ke jayenge thori?\" asked Bappi Lahiri as the audience begged for an encore.\"The ambience is awesome. I'm looking forward to performing for SPS Group. It's indeed an honour to be invited,\" said Bappi.Apart from the cast and crew of \"Charuulata 2011\", other celebs present at the event were Debleena Dutta, Sudipa Mukherjee, Dolon Ray, Sankar Chakraborty, Arijit Dutta and Sudarshan Chakravorty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11854882", "title": "Piravom bypolls may hit West Kochi water project", "text": "KOCHI: The Piravom byelection might further delay the Rs 210 crore JNNURM drinking water project that promised to solve the water scarcity in West Kochi.Fearing adverse reaction, the state government is yet to act on a report which rejects the residents' demand to divert the pipelines of the drinking water project.Kerala Water Authority (KWA), who is in charge of the project, was ready to complete the pipeline work when people protested their move a year ago.With elections to the state assembly fast approaching, the then LDF government took its time to move the project. However, they constituted a committee to explore the possibility of alternative routes.The committee comprising the representatives of PWD, KWA and the local bodies submitted its report in January recommending the original route.\"Political parties fear that residents will turn against them in the byelection if they approve the original route. But the people in Chellanam and Kumbalanghi are suffering from acute shortage of potable water. The only lasting solution is to commissioning the JNNURM project which can provide 100 mld of water,'' said former president of Kumbalanghi gram panchayat M P Sivadathan.KWA has almost completed the pipe work in other areas. \"The Maradu treatment plant can be completed in four months. Pipelines connecting the treatment plant and various locations in West Kochi are nearing completion,'' said KWA executive engineer K S Babu.West Kochi is facing water shortage even before summer. \"Authorities have employed two tanker trucks to supply drinking water to Kumbalanghi and Chellanam residents. The water is insufficient and influential ward members usurp the water meant for other wards,'' Sivadathan said.There were also reports that some MLA wanted to delay the work on Piravom-Mulanthuruthy stretch until the byelection was over.At the district planning committee meet, some MLAs wanted to hush-up the issue until the election was completed, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ramabai nagar", "code": "11863883", "title": "Writing a 'letter' to educate voters", "text": "RAMABAI NAGAR: In a novel effort to boost the percentage of voting in the district, the Ramabai Nagar administration on Sunday organsied 'Vote Ki Pati' (Letter of Vote) event in which children were encouraged to send hundreds of letters to their family elders, requesting them to vote in the assembly elections and choose those candidates who could work for the cause of the people.The main function, which marked the conclusion of an 11-event drive (from January 20 to February 12) to educate the voters about their rights, was organised at the R P Inter College in Rasoolabad. Here children from various schools assembled to form a 'rangoli' of over 1.02 lakh letters carrying an appeal by the district magistrate to come out and vote in large numbers.The letters had \"Mera Vote, Meri Takat, Matdata Mahotsav, Matdan Tithi 23.02.2012\" written on them and if put together, would have formed a 15.3 km chain covering a 15.3 km area. Ramabai Nagar DM Mayur Maheshwari said it could well be a world record of sorts and the administration would endeavour to send it for entry in the Limca Book of World Records.The DM said the letters, attributed to the schoolchildren, were later posted by the reporters and guests present there as a symbolic gesture. Earlier, the district administration had organised the Premium League cricket matches, 'Yuth chala booth ki ore', and voter marathons, among other programmes, to educate the people about their voting rights.SP Ramabai Nagar Subhash Dubey and the DIOS were also present at the Letter of Vote event.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11871821", "title": "Subhajit's big surprise!", "text": "Right after shifting base to Mumbai, former lead vocalist of Lakkhichhara, Subhajit Mukherjee, was in for a royal surprise.He won the best upcoming male vocalist in the Mirchi Music Awards Bangla 2011. In town last week, he received the award, but said he's not in a position to give his nod to more such films. So, what if music directors are interested in making him lend his voice to their tracks?\"This film, \" Kagojer Bou\", had my friend Gabu (Drummer, Lakkhichhara) scoring. He wanted me to sing the number and I was happy to oblige. That doesn't mean I'm in a position to sing for more films as I'm currently based in Mumbai. Yes, if there are good offers, I will definitely think over. But frankly, playback singing was never my priority. It has, in fact, never featured in my top 10 priorities in life.\"Subhajit is currently part of Pritam's music team and wants to continue composing tracks for himself. \"When I left Kolkata, I was still working on my solo album. But strangely, no music label showed interest in it. That was really surprising. I'll still continue composing my own music - takers or no takers,\" he said from Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11854523", "title": "Ex-staffer wins AI dues from UK court", "text": "MUMBAI: In a huge embarrassment for Air India (AI), the UK Supreme Court this week refused to grant the airline permission to appeal a stinging Queen's Bench verdict to pay its former in-flight catering manager at Heathrow airport his overtime (OT) charges, which were stopped suddenly, six years before his retirement.The English Court of Appeal had last July found no explanation other than \"harassment by the local AI management\" of Minoo Driver a \"conscientious employee\" who served AI for over three decades.Driver (70) worked 2,792 hours overtime in 30 months between 2002 and 2006 in UK and made an \"honest\" claim for his unpaid dues worth around 57,000 pounds, the court said. Air India, now not only has to pay him his dues with interest but also the litigation costs, an amount expected to exceed 3,50,000 pounds (Rs 2.8 crore), said Driver's lawyer. The AI management criticized the appeal court ruling which had overturned a trial court order that was in the airline's favour.It said its appeal now raised a \"wider public interest\" on the issue of contractual obligations. The appeal, however, also showcased perhaps the airline's real fear that the ruling \"will be relied on to impose on employers, a duty to pay for overtime when that was not the true objective intention of the parties.\"Preventing AI's appeal plans to even take off, the SC held that the application raised \"no arguable point of law of general public importance which ought to be considered by the Supreme Court.\" Thus slamming AI, the SC also directed the national carrier to pay Driver the \"cost of application and litigation.\"The SC also noted that the case \"has already been subject of judicial decision and reviewed on appeal and the case turns on its rather special facts.\" In UK, for an appeal to be heard by the House of Lords , the would-be appellant must show why it merits the court's attention on legal aspects too.Driver's solicitor Sarosh Zaiwalla of Zaiwalla and Co, one the oldest law firm set up by an Indian in UK, said the ruling is a setback for AI and has \"exposed its aim of harassment against a hapless employee who brings a challenge in court to obtain his rightful dues.\" The appeal was an oppressive move against Driver, he had told the court especially when the court had held that contract with AI had quite plainly contemplated payment for overtime, if such additional hours were 'required' to be worked. \"I am happy now,\" Driver told TOI from his UK home. His fight was \"on matters of principle.\" He had written nine letters to AI for his dues in three years. His letters were \"ignored , deliberately without good reason,\" the court said.In 2005, then AI chief Thulasidas endorsed his claim after Driver's superior approved it as genuine, but it was still not implemented, the court noted. AI argued that it has the \"unilateral right to decide whether it would pay for overtime or shift work at all\" but the court had held that the airline failed to exercise its contractual discretion and hence awarded Driver minimum rate for overtime as determined in AI's overtime claim sheet. Driver, who went to London in 1999, retired as catering manager (Europe) in 2007. From December 31, 2001, AI stopped paying him for overtime and a year later for his shift allowance. It also withheld his car and telephone allowance of around 20,000 pounds.He said he was entitled to OT as per guidelines. The airline made allegations of fraud against Driver which the English court found to be untrue. Undaunted, AI even sought a CBI probe against Driver. Driver earned 24,000 pounds annually could not be expected to have to work overtime beyond the normal 37.5 hours weekly without expectation of pay, the court had said, adding that in an airline staffer on the ground had the duty to decide if circumstances required extra hours without pre-authorization, which then would need to be paid for.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11854261", "title": "5 trains cancelled after snag on WR", "text": "MUMBAI: Five Western Railway trains were cancelled following a technical failure on the Over Head Equipment (OHE) wire between Naigaon and Bhayander stations on Saturday. Several trains ran 10 to 15 minutes behind schedule.This was the third disruption in a week on WR after the DC-AC conversion.\"A Virar-bound slow local was held up due to a technical fault on the Down track. A diesel engine was sent to haul the affected train to clear the tracks,\" a WR spokesperson said. Though the snag occurred around 1.30pm, the path was cleared only after two hours, around 3.30pm. Following the glitch, fast trains were diverted to the slow tracks, resulting in a delay in services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11855308", "title": "AIIMS Bhopal college to take students in this session", "text": "BHOPAL: The pace of work on the prestigious medical college at AIIMS, Bhopal campus is sure to gladden the hearts of course aspirants. For, long wait for the course is set to end this year and the professional college would start taking students for 2012-13 academic session. In case of the 960-bed state-of-art tertiary care hospital, it will take at least a year to be up and running.The academic session at the Bhopal AIIMS is expected to start from August 2012. To start with, 100 seats will be available in the graduate medical course. The tertiary care institution at Bhopal is modelled on the lines of All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) in New Delhi.The construction work on sprawling 138 acre campus area is going at a brisk pace. Of 960 beds, include 500 beds for the medical college hospital, 300 beds for specialty and super-specialty and 100 beds for the ICU and accident trauma.\"We expect to complete the residential and medical college and hostels on time. The overall work progress is satisfactory,\" said AIIMS Bhopal, Superintendent Engineer Ashutosh Mishra.By rough estimates, 82% of residential complex and 65% of medical college and hostels construction has been completed. As for the hospital building, 70% work remains to be completed with a target to finish construction in about 18 months.The recruitment of faculty and other employees is already under way. The institution is being built under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana (PMSSY).The building construction work cost is pegged at Rs 620 crore, excluding the cost of equipment and other facilities. The overall project is to cost some Rs 1,000 crore, way up from the initial estimates of Rs 332 crore in 2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11855534", "title": "Malls eating into pie of markets, restaurants", "text": "KOLKATA: For a large section of the urban middle and upper middle class population in Kolkata, malls have not only replaced traditional shopping destinations like New Market, they have also eaten into the pie of popular eating out joints in Park Street and Tangra.More significantly, youths today find malls more comfortable to hang out with friends than Nicco Park, Nalban, lakes at Dhakuria and Beliaghata, Victoria Memorial, the Maidan, Safari Park, Science City and Botanic Garden.Respondents to a TOI survey in five malls - four in Kolkata and one in Howrah - revealed that youths in their twenties no longer prefer parks as meeting grounds and find malls more chic and safe environment.The survey, done on weekdays, also busted a myth that youngsters who frequent malls simply hang out and don't spend. The study revealed a high average consumer spent of Rs 700 per person on a weekday. Around 55% people spend Rs 750 or more every time they visit a mall. The spend ranges from Rs 150 to Rs 1,500. The average consumer spent goes up on weekends when movie tickets cost more.Nearly 19% of the visitors watch movies. Around 31% shop with 15% visiting malls only to purchase goods. Food is the largest category with one in every four mall visitor buying products from food marts. Just over 48% visitors also eat with 33% preferring food courts and the rest eating out at standalone restaurants.The frequency of visits to malls range from once a week to four times a week. The average frequency was around three times a week. The average time spent varies from two hours to five hours with the average time spent pegged at 2.5 hours.While the sample age group ranged from 16 to 80 years with an average age of 32 years, around 63% were either teenagers or in their twenties and 33% were over 55 years. The average age goes down on weekends when more youngsters visit malls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11855793", "title": "Two college students climb water tank for demands", "text": "AJMER: Two student leaders of Government College here on Saturday afternoon climbed on the water tank at Beawer Road in 'Veeru style' and threatened suicide if their demands were not met. Two hundred other students supported them.They were demanding permission to organise youth festival in the college stadium. Officials rushed to the spot and heavy police force and ambulance were deployed, in case any casualty occurred. Officials tried to convince the students for about one and a half hours, the college authorities even gave a written assurance to send their demand to higher education directorate.Naresh Choudhary and Ishwar Rajoria along with two hundred students of the college went to the nearby Railway Colony near Railway Hospital on Beawer Road around 2 pm. Naresh and Ishwar climbed the water tank, which is 60 feet high. Other students made a circle around the tank and started shouting slogans. They said it was their right to celebrate the youth festival on college grounds.As the matter was reported to police, Rajendra Tyagi, SHO, Ramganj, rushed to the spot along with his force. Other administrative officials also came and reported the matter to district collector Manju Rajpal. The college administration along with the principal E R J Orbert, too, reached the spot and tried to convince the students to come down. The matter became sensitive as the union IT and telecom state minister Sachin Pilot was in the city to attend the first mega medical camp at Patel Stadium, sources said.\"We were planning to invite Sachin Pilot as the guest of honor at the programme but professor in charge M L Agarwal - an RSS man - refused and then cancelled the permission of using the ground,\" students complained.They said the college ground is meant for use by students and youth festival is for all college students but the college denied permission. \"Initially, we showed our protest against the principal but no one paid heed,\" a student leader said.The college administration said that permission was sought from high education commissioner but he denied, \"There is a Supreme Court order that the college grounds should not be used for activities other than games and sports ,\" said Orbert, college principal.Meanwhile, there were talks between the students and district administration, but students remained adamant and demanded written permission to use the ground. The students remained on tank top for a long time and late in evening assurance was given to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11854585", "title": "Intel inputs suggest more Maoist attacks in state", "text": "RANCHI: The CPI (Maoist) is set to launch a major attack on security forces in Jharkhand in near future to regain the lost ground in the state.Intelligence inputs available with Jharkhand police suggest that the central leadership of the Maoists have asked their men to launch a massive attack in Palamu and Singhbhum which once used to be their bastion. There have been two major attacks by the rebels in the past two months in which 24 security personnel were killed.Jharkhand police spokesman R K Mallik said police have intelligence inputs of major attack by Maoists.\"In the past one year we have uprooted the Maoists from their bastions and Saranda jungle in West Singhbhum and Sarju region in Latehar from the Maoists. The two places were like their regional headquarters and after regular operations we have almost flushed them out. To regain the lost ground, the central leaders of the rebels have asked the members to be on a major offensive,\" said Mallik adding that the security forces were ready to meet the challenge and commanding officers of all Maoist-hit areas had been asked to be on alert and be ready with their strategy.He said this was a decisive point in the anti-Maoist operations and the security forces were not going to live them in peace. \"We are against the policy of live and let live. This is evident from the number of Maoists related incidents in the state in the past three years. In 2011, there were 512 Maoist incidents, a marginal increase from 496 in 2010. This reaffirms our policy of hot pursuit against the rebels because had we followed the theory of peaceful co-existence, the number of incidents must have come down,\" said Mallik.On a question of rise in number of kangaroo courts in the state by the rebels in 2011, he said the incidents were on the rise when compared to 2009 and 2010. \"There were 31 kangaroo courts against 15 each in 2009 and 2010. It was definitely less than what as reported in the newspapers recently,\" said Mallik adding that newspaper reports had claimed that there were 53 kangaroo courts in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11854643", "title": "Path cleared for Desai's senate stint", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat University will now have to come out with a notification declaring former MCI president Ketan Desai as elected to Senate in 2010, as the issue has finally been resolved with the petition challenging his election being withdrawn from the Supreme Court.Amid din created around Desai's participation and ultimate uncontested election to GU senate, the GU vice-chancellor Parimal Trivedi had sought guidance from the state government on whether the university should declare him an elected member and come out with the notification. The government left it on university to take the decision, and since then the issue was pending.Meanwhile, NRI president of an NGO 'People for Better Treatment (PBT)', Dr Kunal Saha moved Gujarat high court challenging Desai's election to GU senate, but HC not only rejected his PIL but also slapped a penalty of Rs 10,000 for frivolous litigation.Saha objected to Desai's election saying as per MCI norms, Gujarat Medical Council should suspend Desai's license to practice because of to his alleged involvement in corrupt practices. Hence his election to senate should be declared null and void.However, after rejection from HC, Saha approached the SC, where the university had to clarify that Desai contested election from altogether a different category and his membership was not contrary to legal provisions. The university said that Desai did not contest election as medical practitioner, but merely as a qualified doctor having an MBBS degree.This put an end to the controversy, and Saha had to withdraw his appeal from apex court. SC, however, has granted him a liberty to make a representation before an appropriate forum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11854318", "title": "Park turns into corporation dump yard Woraiyur", "text": "Trichy: While officials are busy sprucing up the city ahead of the chief minister's visit to her Srirangam constituency on Monday, residents in Woraiyur complain that the Trichy corporation was converting a park in a residential area into a plastic waste dump yard.This was being done despite the fact that the case is sub-judice in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court, K Jegadheesan, joint secretary of the Salai Nagar Residents' Welfare Association told TOI. According to him, the Tamil Nadu Housing Board (TNHB) had constructed 258 houses in Woraiyur in 1964 and rented them out to government employees. The housing board colony had been set up with facilities such as a park, constructed in a 27,000 sq ft area. The houses were later sold out to individuals and the colony and its premises had been handed over to the Trichy corporation for maintenance. However, the corporation had no interest to maintain the park, Jegadheesan said.In December 1999, the corporation came up with an idea to construct a water tank in the park area. However, the association strongly condemned the move and filed a petition in the Trichy district court. A few months later in 2000, the court issued a stay order on construction of the water tank. In the meantime, the corporation began the construction work and built some pillars in the park premises, spending over Rs 15 lakh, he said.Surprisingly, two years back the court vacated the stay. Hence the association moved the Madurai bench of the Madras high court in 2010. The high court again issued a stay on the construction work and took strong exception to the then corporation commissioner for trying to demolish the park to construct the water tank. During the DMK regime, the then DMK minister KN Nehru also intervened into the matter to calm down the residents to construct the work. However, the residents refused to accept his claim, he said.The corporation was now indulging in dumping plastic wastes in the park premises for the past three days, Jegadheesan said. The wastes were being transported by tipper lorries. Such a move had become a menace to the residents and the corporation had violated the court order, residents said.When R Vanitha, AIADMK councillor of the 57th ward was contacted, her brother-in-law Jegannathan answered on behalf and accepted the fact that the case was pending in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court. However, he denied that the corporation had dumped plastic waste in the park and charged the residents of doing the same instead. Corporation commissioner K Veera Raghava Rao was unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11855305", "title": "Noida students rock to Edward Maya\u2019s beats", "text": "Noida: After being enthralled by Lady Gaga and Pitbull, Noida residents swayed to the tunes of musician Edward Maya on Saturday. The Romanian producer and composer - who was in the city for the second time in four months - performed at a private university.The concert, organized by Amity University as part of its \"Youth Festival\", started at 8pm and was attended by over 10,000 students from Delhi-NCR. \"The audience comprised only of students. Students from the university were allowed to enter by showing their college ID cards while those from other universities were issued passes after an online registration,\" said an Amity spokesperson.For many who flocked the varsity, this was their first opportunity to see the artiste whose beats they had been dancing to in clubs. \"Edward Maya has literally taken the world by storm. His music is fresh and it has livened up the house-dance genre. I can't believe that I got the opportunity to see him perform live,\" said Arushi Singh, a JNU student.Music buffs who had also attended Pitbull's concert last year feel that city is fast emerging as a hotspot for international music concerts. \"After the Metallica debacle in Gurgaon, top international artistes like Lady Gaga, Pitbull and Edward Maya have performed in Noida within six months,\" said Saransh Bansal, a student of Amity University, who lives in Sector 15A.The twenty-five-year-old musician Eduard Marian, better known as Edward Maya, launched his first song as an artiste, 'Stereo Love' in 2009, which soon became a hit inclubs all over the world and the video for the song alone received over 160 million Youtube views since August 2009.The musician had performed at the Formula-1 after- party last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "dhanbad/lohardaga", "code": "11854638", "title": "CNT Act protest still on", "text": "DHANBAD/LOHARDAGA: Supporters of the Chotanagpur Tenancy Act (CNT) staged a demonstration at Randhir Verma Circle near the deputy commissioner's office, a day after the opponents showed their strength by observing a near-total bandh here.The demonstration was organized by leaders of the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha and the All Jharkhand Students Union, both allies in the Arjun Munda-led government, and the Marxist Coordination Committee.The supporters of the parties had come from different parts of the district and were carrying traditional tribal arms like lathis and spears. They marched on various parts of the town, including Shramik Chauk, Rangatand, Bank More Saraidhela and ended at Randhir Verma Circle in the heart of the town.Kansari Mandal, Samir Tuddu, Khedu Mahto, all leaders of the JMM and the Ajsu, demanded strict enforcement of the act and pleaded for extending the benefits of the legislation to the members of the backward castes in Jharkhand. \"The people from adjoining states, particularly Bihar, were cheating the locals by purchasing their land at cheaper rates and depriving the Jharkhandis of their genuine rights on the land,\" one of them said.They alleged the big builders and developers were grabbing the land of the people of the state and constructing houses and industrial plots for the outsiders. The land grabbers, they demanded, should be punished and evicted from the land occupied from the tribals and OBCs.In Lohardaga, Archbishop of Ranchi Cardinal Telesphore P Toppo has said the CNT Act needs change as he feels it is irrelevant in present age. \"The act was made for the benefits of tribals who are in troubles because of various provisions of the act which restricts sale and purchase of land within a police station area. There is a need for amending the act so that the tribals are really protected,\" he said on Saturday.He had come here to take part in the closing function of the centenary celebrations of Ursuline Primary Teacher Education Collage that was founded here on February 11, 1912.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "11854605", "title": "BJP leader carrying gun arrested", "text": "LOHARDAGA: The BJP's Lohardaga district chief, Sitaram Oraon, was sent to judicial custody for keeping unlicensed arms on Saturday. The Kisko police had arrested him on Friday in a routine checking. He was carrying his single-barrel country-made gun wrapped of sack on his bike.SP Jitendra Kumar Singh said, \"In suspicion, police, including CRPF jawans, interrupted him and seized the gun from his possession at Noori-Navadih village here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11855361", "title": "1 prisoner hurt in attack", "text": "BHOPAL: One inmate of Bhopal central jail was injured in an attack by another prisoners with a sharp-edged piece of iron on Saturday.Police said Shadab, an under trial facing murder charges, attacked Rakesh Namdev, who is in jail after an incident of burglary with a wall scraper. He was admitted to a hospital on the jail campus.As the duo fought, other inmates intervened and separated them. Another inmate Babloo also sustained minor injuries in his bid to separate.The jail officials said action would be initiated against those involved in the incident in keeping with the jail manual.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11855543", "title": "Candidates log on to social networks seeking \u2018likes\u2019", "text": "NASHIK: With elections to the Nashik Municipal Corporation ( NMC) scheduled next week, some candidates have turned to newer methods like social networking sites for campaigning.Traditionally, campaigning during elections includes hoardings, rallies, sabhas, haldi-kumkum, songs, banners on rickshaws, gate-meetings and similar things.Now some candidates are getting active on their social networking sites as part of campaign. Former standing committee chairman Sanjay Bagul of Shiv Sena is not at all techno savvy but realizing the importance of social networking said he had a team working on it.\"I have special people appointed who handle my campaign through social networking sites. It is a powerful medium,\" Bagul said.The BJP leaders lead the race where the use of social networking site is concerned. From manifestos to videos, they are uploading it all. State General Secretary (industries) Pradeep Peshkar asserted the importance of using this new campaign strategy saying, \"Today almost every youngster is on a social networking site. The percentage of young and educated voters is high in my ward hence I am effectively using social networking sites for campaigning. It becomes easier to convey the message.\"While BJP is on the front foot in campaigning using the cyber networking , the NCP has taken a back seat as a negligible number seem to be social; networking sites. NCP leader Gokul Pingle uses the medium as a forum for people to suggest new projects to be initiated. \"For campaigning I make use of my website and blog,\" Pingle said. MNS city president Sharvari Luth feels that the social networking sites are proving to be a boon. \"My ward comprises of the educated class. Even the senior citizens in my ward are very techno savvy. Hence it is a good medium to reach out to maximum people,\" she said. The question however remains about whether social networking will be able to effectively lure voters.Apprehensive about the effect Luth said, \"The response has boosted the confidence of our team. I got 1600 responses within an hour for my status update. However, whether these convert into votes remains to be seen.\" Opposition party leader Hemalata Patil (Congress) who has also been very active with social networking said, \"Social networking is definitely an important factors in the campaign this time. It is the easiest way to reach out to a maximum number of people. Whether it proves to be beneficial or not only time will tell\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11855816", "title": "Vote for BJP, save my life: Kushwaha", "text": "ALLAHABAD: If you want to see me alive and hale and hearty and save from going to jail, vote for Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) candidates in the assembly elections and inflict a crushing defeat on Bahujan Samaj Party(BSP) candidates, said former minister and expelled BSP leader, Babu Singh Kushwaha while addressing a meeting in support of BJP candidates at Colonelgunj Inter College here on Saturday.Stating that during his political career spanning 27 years he did everything to facilitate BSP to power in the state, Kushwaha said that if the BSP and SP are really interested in the upliftment of backwards and OBC they would have never promised providing 9 and 18 percent reservation to Muslims.This amounts to appeasement and erosion of existing OBC quota of 27 percent reservation in jobs.Accussing BSP ministers of plotting to frame him in false cases he said that had I not received the support of Bharatiya Janata Party(BJP) at this crucial juncture, my fate would have been disastrous. Taking a swipe at BSP supremo, Mayawati for ignoring the interest of backwards, he said that she was only interested in taking care of her cadre votes.Moreover when I tried to raise the voice of OBC's Mayawati feared that I may become the leader of OBC's after which the entire government machinery went against me.By doing so Mayawati wanted to ruin my political career, said Kushwaha. He pointed out that the entire NHRM scam has taken place under his predecessor in the state government and said that he was willing to face any agency for questioning in the case. Others present at the meeting included BJP candidate from city North seat, Uday Bhan Karvariya, city president, Rajendra Mishra, Lalu Lal Kushwaha, Ranjit Singh and others.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11855558", "title": "Opposition shifting focus to goondaism, says Bhujbal", "text": "NASHIK: Claiming that the Shiv Sena , not the NCP, had promoted hooliganism and vitiated the atmosphere in Nashik, the guardian minister of Nashik district, Chhagan Bhujbal , said that the reasons which created hurdles in improving the law and order situation included around 50 per cent shortage of police personnel on the field in the ranks of PSI and below, non-cooperation from top brass of the commissionerate and a lethargic constabulary.\"Who has promoted goondaism in Nashik?...we came on the political scene of Nashik very late...first Yeola (from where he got elected to the assembly), and in the last (2009) elections Sameer (got elected as MP) and Pankaj (elected as MLA of Nandgaon),\" Bhujbal said, speaking to TOI on Saturday in the run-up to the Nashik Municipal Corporation elections scheduled for February 16.\"The city expanded, population increased...with it the criminal activities. The law enforcement machinery on the field has deteriorated...there are many reasons, like shortage of about 50 per cent of police personnel...PSIs and below. Because of some problems, the MPSC was not able to recruit PSIs for three years in succession and it created a backlog...now that things have started moving, the training facilities are burdened. In case of the constabulary, there is no accountability...no transfers that will change their environs. We need to change rules to bring in more accountability and facilitate transfers outside the existing limits.\"When pointed out that the home portfolio is with the NCP and that the party also has inducted controversial people like Suhas Kande in its ranks, he said, \"Yes we are doing our best to improve things...but at the local level there were difficulties in getting cooperation...You are asking about Kande (which also means onions in Marathi), what about the Batates (potatoes) in other parties?\"He claimed that the NCP had neither nurtured nor used Kande. \"We have attachment with Nashik...we won't allow any cactus to grow here. He comes and touches my feet and says he wants to work for the party. We have not taken any undue advantage of him. He had asked for a ticket to contest the (NMC) polls, but we refused.\"He pointed out that things had started improving with the transfer of the previous police commissioner Vinod Lokhande and in due course, crime management would show the desired results. He, however, claimed that the crime scene in Nashik was not as bad as it was in cities like Pune and Mumbai, but opposition parties were trying to create hype on the issue to shift the focus from civic issues ahead of the NMC elections.\"They (opposition parties) are shifting focus to goondaism because they have nothing else to show to (potential) voters...they don't say we have done this and vote us to power again,\" he said, pointing out that the developmental works in the city were initiated by the state government of which he was a part.\"Look at the Nashik-Mumbai highway, the 5.5 km flyover in the city under construction, the plan to revamp the Ozar airport, the plan for funicular trolley at Saptashrungi Gad (for pilgrims visiting Saptashrungi Mata), plans for a metro rail, a passport office...the JNNURM project...these are all results of our efforts,\" he said.He said that on the contrary, the NMC ruled by the Sena-BJP had adjourned its general body meetings on over 40 occasions for no valid reasons and changed the minutes of meetings several times. \"They (the NMC) wanted to construct the Kikvi dam for enhancing water supply to the city but had no money...they came to me. Now we (the state government) would do it. Similarly, when they could not maintain the service roads (parallel to the highway) and the government decided to do the work, they demanded Rs 195 crore from us...for what,\" he asked.He pointed out that the work on the underground sewerage system was incomplete despite December 2011 being set as the deadline and only 25 per cent of the 3.50 MLD (million litres daily) of sewage of the city was treated and the rest was being released in the Godavari river untreated.When asked why the government did not supersede the NMC, he quipped, \"They (the Sena-BJP) would have claimed martyrdom and sought the sympathy of the people (in the NMC polls).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11855339", "title": "Absconding suspect held", "text": "PUNE: The crime branch, Pune, on Friday, arrested absconding suspect Nitin Shantaram Pote and have solved four cases, including a house break-in with murder, dacoity, and cheating. Pote, who was on the run for the last five months was arrested for allegedly duping 60 people to the tune of Rs five lakh on the pretext of helping them get loan from the Maulana Azad Minorities Financial Development Corporation.His accomplish Maulana Shaikh (63) was arrested in September last year.The suspects had cheated people between September 2009 and August 2011. A complaint was filed by one of the victims, Shabana Shaikh (34) of Mominpura, with the Shivajinagar police. tnnAccording to the police, Shaikh introduced Shabana to Pote and said Pote helps people get loan from government through MAMFDC.The suspects allegedly took Rs five lakh for this purpose and gave bo-gus loan sanction letter. When victims confronted the suspects, they is-sued a Rs five lakh cheque to return the amount, which bounced and hence the police complaint.Inspector Sunil Deshmukh of crime branch unit I said Pote had not vis-ited his residence at Supakhurd village in Purandhar taluka since six months. Pote was arrested at Sangvi, following a tip off.Deshmukh said Pote during questioning admitted that he was also ab-sconding in the three cases registered with the Saswad police between 2010-11.A magisterial court on Saturday sent Pote to police custody remand till February 12. Pote was handed over to the Shivajinagar police to con-duct investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11854773", "title": "Divine intervention takes centre stage in Kristanv", "text": "The message in Menino de Bandar's drama Kristanv is that irrespective of religion, if God's calling is there, nobody can change destiny.Ram (S Tari) and Sita (Gloria) are content with each other, except for the issue of a child. Over a period of 10 years, Sita has been praying for the gift of a child. As all medication proves futile, Ram suggests that they try adoption.Arguments and counter-arguments prevail over the issue, often leading to verbal fights. On one such occasion, a nun (Gracia) enters their house with news of an orphan child awaiting adoption. Sita is not convinced about adopt and justifies her stance that she will not be able to provide motherly love to someone else's child.Sita appeals to her husband to make a pilgrimage to Vailankanni. But Ram disagrees with his wife and opposes any visit to Catholic religious sites as he is a Hindu. Finally, the couple decides to make a trip to the holy site and are blessed with a baby boy through the blessings of Our Lady of Vailankanni.Ram and Sita's son Prakash (Creto) is educated in a Catholic school. While Ram decides to make his son a lawyer, Sita wants her only child to be a doctor.Our Lady of Vailankanni appears to Prakash in a dream and makes a revelation. Prakash informs his parents about the apparition and the request made by the Blessed Mother.How does Ram and Sita react to Prakash's dream? Are they willing to accept his wish as per God's plans? What are the obstacles encountered by Prakash while planning to fulfill his dream? What are the consequences?Menino de Bandar scores for a fine script and sleek direction. S Tari and Gloria have played their respective roles with aplomb. As an amateur artiste Creto has performed his role well and shows hope of a bright future on the Konkani stage.Comedy interludes Amir (Sheikh Amir) and Kitmari (Jane) are hilarious. The main stage set of the Hindu family is impressive. More emphasis could have been laid on the backdrop with regards to the principal's office and the seminary.Some of the songs rendered by Reginaldo de Panchwadi (Bhavartachem Hatiar), Sheikh Amir (mimicry), T Britton ( GMC Nurse), T Britton/Jane (family planning) are worth listening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "march 30, 2011, the pca stadium in mohali", "code": "11855879", "title": "Turning wicket", "text": "March 30, 2011, the PCA stadium in Mohali: India beat Pakistan in a historic World Cup semi-final watched by a phenomenal audience. The TRP achieved was a staggering 35.2, perhaps the highest ever in recent Indian TV history. The final on April 2 against Sri Lanka in Mumbai was a similar blockbuster. With a TRP of 23-plus, cricket was easily the nation's singular entertainer. People across the country, irrespective of differences, partied all night to celebrate India's second cricketing tryst with destiny. The 11 men who fashioned the victory were worshipped by a billion Indians even as corporate India came all out to invest in the nation's most trusted and loved brands. Cricket was everywhere, its stock unrivalled and economic worth skyrocketing.REVERSE SWING Just 10 months down the line, India's top form of entertainment has lost its gloss. Watching India fail time and again has turned agonizing and distressing. Performance has nosedived and the governance structure is on the verge of collapse. An ambience of negativity that surrounds the sport is threatening the brand value itself. And why not? Cricket's most prized constituency, the passionate Indian fan, isn't watching anymore. Half-empty venues during home matches and tumbling TRPs are proof of a sport in ill-health and crying out for innovation. Cricket, as we can see, needs an urgent turnaround.Here's a reality check. India lost eight of the last overseas Test matches without even being competitive. From No. 1, India is now fourth in ICC Test rankings with Australia threatening to push it further. M S Dhoni, who was the country's most loved sports icon alongside Sachin Tendulkar , is on the verge of losing his Test captaincy and is looking tired and fatigued. Captaining India is a tough job and Dhoni has started to feel the pain.THE BCCI BANE Off-the-field developments have added to the gloom and torture. The BCCI, arguably the world's richest cricket board, is involved in court cases with three of its IPL franchises - Kochi, Kings XI and Rajasthan. And it has already alienated the costliest IPL team - Sahara Pune Warriors. In doing so it is on the verge of losing a further Rs 430 crore in team sponsorship with the Sahara group severing all ties with Indian cricket. The television agreement with Nimbus has collapsed and the BCCI has been unable to encash the bank guarantee because of a strange technicality. And unlike in the past, no broadcaster is ready to queue up for Indian cricket rights with ESPN-Star Sports, the richest of them all, losing millions from the Champions League. Market estimates suggest the company will lose $700 million in the 10 years of Champions League telecast.Internationally, India sticks out like a sore thumb by refusing to accept the DRS when it is apparent it will be forced to do so sooner than later. Within the ICC's boardrooms, too, India's clout stands diminished because the BCCI has alienated the Sri Lankan and Bangladesh cricket boards by refusing Indian participation in their respective premier leagues. The BCCI has even refused to let a retired Saurav Ganguly participate in the Bangladesh Premier League, distancing its long-standing partner in the ICC. Finally, there is Lalit Modi. Discredited and outdone, he is doing his best to shame the current BCCI president by revealing shocking details from the past. At a time when the BCCI is down, these revelations are bound to hurt more.THERE'S COMPETITION It is important we bring a few more realities into the equation. One of the central reasons for cricket's unrivalled stock in India over the last two decades is the country's inability to win accolades in Olympic sporting circles. Organization of the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi was a shocker, a major opportunity lost. But London 2012 is likely to be different. India, for the first time, has the chance of winning eight medals at the Olympics. Shooting and boxing are much improved sports in India, and a tennis mixed-doubles/doubles medal is a distinct possibility. If the Indians do well at the world's greatest sporting stage, there is little doubt corporate India will have before them non-cricket icons to prop up as brands. Interestingly, in urban India, Manchester United and Barcelona are already established favourites with football the new rage among the upwardly mobile youth. With Euro 2012 round the corner and the UEFA Champions League an annual affair, cricket's diminishing stock is likely to buttress this constituency further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11858929", "title": "The Spanish influenca", "text": "Even if you miss the Spanish city's famous bull fights, Sevilla's charms have been enhanced by various cultural influences absorbed over the centuries.It's something you have to see for yourself, I can't explain it,\" said a Spaniard about bullfighting. There were about 20 of us on a walking tour of the city of Sevilla (pronounced sair-vi-yaa). We were outside the bullfighting ring of the southern Spanish city, where our guide had made a stop. His description of the ring did not betray his disdain for the practice. Bullfighting was very recently banned in the Catalonian city of Barcelona; but here in Sevilla, as elsewhere in this southern European country, it remains part of tradition.The latin touch Bullfighting aside, Sevilla has charmed generations for various reasons. Perhaps the most significant chapter of its history was written after the discovery of America in 1492. Sevilla was awarded the royal monopoly for trade with and riches from the growing Spanish colonies in South America. This meant that all goods had to pass through this city. I was also told by a Mexican I met on my trip that Sevilla left him and his friend astonished when he visited the city for the first time. \"It felt like I was back in Mexico,\" he told me. It seems some of the Latin American architecture during the colonial period was modelled on that of the Spanish city. After all, this was the port of call in Spain during the country's so-called Golden Age.During the walking tour, we were acquainted with buildings that served important functions during this period. The Torre del Oro, which stands right next to the Rio Guadalquivir was apparently used to store gold that was brought from South America (it was initially built as a watchtower). I went past another holding facility not too far away from the river (this building is being converted into an art gallery). A little south from Torre del Oro you would come across Palacio de San Telmo. Looking at the yellow and orange building fronted by a baroque entrance, you would not imagine what this one was used for: it was where the orphaned children of sailors were housed. Our guide said these kids would perhaps then grow up to become sailors, and repeat the cycle of leaving their children behind in this building. He found it amusing; I am not sure if we did.The Alcazar But Sevilla's biggest draws are ultimately the Catedral and Alcazar. The former was built on the site of a mosque when the city was ruled by Muslims between the 8th and 13th centuries. After a couple of earthquakes destabilised the structure in the days after the Christian reconquest, the authorities decided to pull it down and build the cathedral that you see today. The church officials are famously remembered for saying that they should build something so extravagant that future generations would think of them as lunatics - and they were right. Walking in the massive space within the cathedral will leave you in awe and can take a good two hours - at least! The cathedral has elements of Muslim architecture.The Puerta del Perdon on Calle Alemanes is one example. Then there's the Giralda, which you can see from most parts of the city. Twothird of the bell-tower is the remains of the minaret (constructed in the late 12th century) which was part of the mosque that once stood here. The top-most part was added in the 16th century. Climb to the top for splendid views of the city, and the Alcazar to the south.The UNESCO World Heritage site that is the Alcazar was originally founded as a fort for the Cordoban governors in 913. It has since been reconstructed or expanded several times. Here too you will find mudejar architecture - which is a style of Iberian architecture and decoration, particularly of Aragon and Castille of the 12th to 16th centuries, that were strongly influenced by Moorish taste and workmanship. Within the complex, the most impressive room is the Hall of Ambassadors, or Salon de Embajadores. The room's fabulous wooden dome and multiple star patterns, which symbolise the universe , was added in 1427. But do tear yourself away from the building and wander into the large, lush gardens of the Alcazar.Musedo De Bellas Artes The biggest draw for me sat quietly north of the Catedral and Alcazar, in the Museo de Bellas Artes. This two-storey building houses works of religious art by painters from the medieval period to the early 20th century. I arrived an hour before closing time, and the lady at the reception said the better art works were on the second floor. She was not far from the truth, but upon entering the gallery on the ground floor, my jaw fell - before me lay hanging on the walls, huge and breathtaking canvases of works dedicated to Christianity. I suppose what helped add to the experience was the gospel music in the background. The highlight was Bartolome Esteban Murillo's Immaculada La Colosal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11854636", "title": "'Govt may not even finance Carnival'", "text": "PANAJI: Uncertainty still prevails over Goa's Carnival celebrations with the Election Commission of India neither allowing political personalities to chair Carnival committees nor allowing government officers to be on the panel as they are busy in election duties.Joint chief electoral officer S N Navti said, \"The government may not finance the Carnival committees, which may arrange the finances through other means but without political patronage. These are the broad guidelines we have proposed to the Election Commission of India.\"He added, \"The ECI has not yet given permission for the Carnival. Making statements and appointing committees makes no sense till the election commission gives permission.\"Navti explained that though the chief officers of the Vasco Municipal Council and Margao Municipal Council cannot be put on Carnival committees because both are electoral registration officers. Likewise, the chief officers of Ponda Municipal Council and Mapusa Municipal council are returning officers and will not be allowed on Carnival committees.Navti said that the election authorities are of the opinion that all Carnival committees should have members who have no scope for political involvement. Navti said, that the Goa chief electoral officer had written to the ECI on the matter on February 4 and also furnished subsequent clarifications.Asked about the controversy created by the election flying squad raiding the residence of the Velim parish priest, Navti said the South Goa district election officer Daulat Hawaldar is handling the issue and has sought the co-operation of the parish priest and villagers to resolve it amicably.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11856280", "title": "'Taking drugs was my biggest mistake'", "text": "Julie (name changed) is a former drug user in Manipur, currently undergoing rehabilitation. The 32-year-old mother of two recalls how addiction took over her lifeWhen did you start using drugs?I have been taking drugs for almost eight years. I started when I was in a low phase, after I had separated from my husband.How did you manage to buy them ?After getting addicted, I started peddling drugs. I also got involved with sex work to earn money.Have you ever been arrested by the police?Yes, several times, although after keeping me in custody, they used to release me. However, I have been abused by the police on many occasions.Do you regret getting involved with drugs?Yes, it was the greatest mistake of my life. I have lost sight in my left eye, due to chronic drug use. Also, because of my addiction, my children are away from me. They are staying in a children's home run by the government.What do you want to do in the future?I want to get reunited with my children and start life afresh. But, I know it is going to be difficult . I have to be financially independent to provide a decent life to my children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11854380", "title": "Khurshid: From suave liberal to Muslim mascot", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 1991 election in Uttar Pradesh turned Mulayam Singh Yadav into 'Maulana Mulayam'. The 1999 Lok Sabha contest shrank Hindutva icon Kalyan Singh into a caste leader of Lodhs. After March 6, Salman Khurshid may find it tough to live down the image of a 'Muslim' leader.The suave minister's unexpected belligerence over last fortnight on \"Muslim issues\" woke partymen and observers to a new Khurshid, one eager to be seen as community leader. An absolute about-turn for the man, who spent years in Congress resisting use of identity as a bargaining chip.The melodrama over Batla House that Khurshid wove in Azamgarh, saying Sonia Gandhi wept on seeing pictures of alleged slain terrorist Atif Amin, and his advocacy of 'Muslim reservation' despite EC censure, is contrary to his moderate stance as the minister for minority affairs.Over the past 31 months, Khurshid refused to swim with the populist tide, dubbing \"quota\" as a \"double-edged sword\" for Muslims and kept the ministry anchored in development initiatives. The middle-path earned him an army of detractors, their grudge with the minister expressed in half jest - Maanga tha Musalman, de diya Salman.Khurshid was never a Muslim, in the way identity politics tags leaders by community or caste. The Anglophile's laboured Hindi-Urdu made him incongruous with the acceptable \"minority\" image, and it appeared in tune with intra-party dynamics.The traditional belief in Congress has held that \"only a Hindu can be a Muslim leader\". Biggies like H N Bahuguna and Arjun Singh carefully cultivated the \"secular\" image. AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh has modeled himself on his guru Dau saab, his contentious views on reservation, Batla House and even his Osamaji seen in that light.Congressmen strongly believe that a Muslim's advocacy of minority issues in a country with the past of the Partition would attract charges of \"communalism\". Not a Hindu.Khurshid was also seen to understand the ethos of a centrist Congress, which cannot afford to mimic strident voices of Mulayam-Lalu combo on minority issues.This UP election marks a watershed. Congress's aggressive advocacy of Muslim reservation, led by heir apparent Rahul Gandhi , is a first and the loud speeches different from what is tucked away in party manifestoes.With Digvijay Singh and Co are quite unapologetic, Khurshid may have fallen victim to the pressure of competition within. The Muslim agenda with his home state as battlefield presents his best chance to carve a niche for himself. The influence of maanga tha... barb seems evident, as the race for minority votes enters the final paces.An anxious Congress may be praying that March 6 changes its fate in the state. But Khurshid is sure his face has already changed nationally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11848948", "title": "Aamir Khan bats for Prateik", "text": "Aamir Khan has always been very protective of Prateik and takes a keen interest in the boy who shone in his wife Kiran Rao's Dhobi Ghat.Aamir is currently is on a whirlwind tour of India; in fact the media is carrying photographs of him on a shikara in Kashmir just yesterday. Anyway before he left for his tour he called up Prateik to say that he has liked the promos of his next release Ekk Deewana Tha. Aamir expressed interest in seeing the film. He is away travelling for a while and has said that he would do that on his return.Pratiek is dear to Aamir as he cast him first in Jaane Tu... and then Dhobi Ghat but it's the first time that Aamir commented about his upcoming film. \"It's really special to hear this from Aamir as I know he doesn't get excited easily about any film. Once he comes back I will like to show Ekk Deewana Tha to Aamir and Kiran,\" says Prateik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11855212", "title": "Power supply to be hit", "text": "INDORE: Power supply will remain disrupted in many parts of the city from Sunday to Wednesday owing to maintenance and cable laying work. This is not the first time that the power supply is being cut on Sunday.Last month, power cuts were scheduled on three consecutive Sundays. Bus Rapid Transit System works and shifting of poles were stated to be the main reasons.This time, power cut will occur for around five to six hours in the first half of the day. \"The duration of power cuts may increase or decrease, depending upon the work,\" said a Discom official.Power supply will remain disrupted on February 12 between 7am and 12 noon and the areas affected will be Sukhliya, Swastha Nagar, Royal Bungalow Area, Saver Sector C and F, Race Course Road and Roshan Singh Bhandari Marg.On February 13, power cuts from 9am to 2pm will affect the residents of Clark Colony, Pardeshipura and nearby areas. On February 14, there will be no power supply from 9 am to 2 pm in Electronic Complex, Nanda Nagar, Bajrang Nagar, Doctor Colony, Karsevak Nagar and nearby areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "11855251", "title": "Mom asks Maoist to surrender", "text": "MIDNAPORE: The mother of Maoist state secretary Akash urged him to surrender, a day after police released pictures of him and other wanted rebel leaders.\"I have seen on television how Kishanji died. I don't want my son to meet with the same fate. Now that I know he is alive, I would appeal to him to return home,\" said Sankari Mondal, mother of the rebel who was born Asim Mondal.Akash last got in touch with his family in 1986 and Sankari wasn't even sure that he was alive till the police visited their home in 1998. Akash's wife Kalpana alias Anu was also a Maoist and was arrested with former Maoist state secretary Sudip Chongdar. Joint forces have begun a two-pronged operation from Belpahari (Jhargram) and Purulia to nab Maoists. The security personnel scoured the jungles and villages in search of Maoists.Sankari wants nothing to do with her though and refuses to accept her as her daughter-in-law.Akash's house is in the Phoolchowk village of the Manoharpur Gram Panchayat in the Chandrakona Town police station area. He was the sixth of 12 brothers and sisters and neighbours remembered him as a quiet boy. He was known as Shanu then. In 1982, Akash cleared his Madhyamik examination with second division marks. He also obtained a second division in the Higher Secondary examinations in 1984 and opted for Mathematics at the Garbeta College.In 1985, floods ravaged Akash's house and his father lost his mind in anguish. He hasn't recovered since. In 1986, Akash cleared his Part-I examinations and returned home from hostel for the fees to enroll into the Part-II course. Once home, he realized the financial condition of his family and left. That is the last that Sankari or the others saw him.\"In 1998, the police came to me and said that my son has joined an organization called the People's War Group. That was the first time in 12 years that I heard of him. I told them that I know nothing of my son's whereabouts. I simply wanted him to return to me,\" Sankari said.The Mondals have nearly 30 bighas of land. Akash's brother Asit says that he doesn't want to get involved in the mess. Another of Akash's brothers Bholanath is a government employee while Ramkrishna, a third, is an agriculturist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11854695", "title": "Fitness highlighted at seminar in city", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Fitness seems to be the last thing on the mind of Gujaratis, feels Dr Ayyapan Thangavel, head LA-Diva plastic cosmetic centre.Thangavel was in the city for seminar on plastic and cosmetic surgery organised by Times Wellness and Sal Hospital. \"Though Gujarat is an industrial state which is flourishing, fitness is one area where people do not consider important.\"The latest advancements in cosmetic surgery were highlighted at the seminar. He further said: \"There is a thin line of difference between plastic surgery and cosmetic surgery. While plastic surgery helps in reconstruction and restoration of the tissues below the skin, a cosmetic surgery goes beyond it and enhances an individual's appearance more aesthetically.\"Primary consultation being free, people came and took its maximum advantage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11855734", "title": "Curzon Park: From ditch to delight", "text": "It was a ditch before it changed the way Mysore looked about a century ago. Now, the Curzon Park, a memorial commemorating the visit of viceroy and governor-general of British India Lord Curzon, has added another feather in its cap with an ancient tree in the open space getting a heritage tag.The Curzon Park, which adds to the aesthetic quotient of the city, was opened in December, 1900 to mark the visit of the viceroy. That the Mysore administrators thought it was fit to name the open space after a VVIP. It was part of what was 'New Palace Gardens' given that it was abutting the Mysore Palace. Even as the Palace was under construction, the site located to the north and west of the Mysore fort was swept clean, filled up and the garden laid.It all started during 1890s when the administrators focused on the city's infrastructure development. The ditch around the fort was filled and a park was spread out to offer a melange of colours to the site.The calm and serene environs at the open space belie its surrounding even as it is hard to believe that it was a moat in the past. Later, it took its name after Lord Curzon, who according to 'Mysore Gazetteer', visited Mysore on November 30, 1900, and toured the erstwhile Mysore State for 10 days. He visited Srirangapatna, Kakanakote, Bangalore and KGF. The red silk cotton tree (Kempu Boorugada Mara) in the park which has got heritage tree tag is believed to have been planted by the visiting dignitary.There are at least eight other trees in the open space which have survived the threat of urbanization in its vicinity for over a 100 years, says M Ramalingam, convener of the committee for protection of heritage trees.Following the declaration of the red silk cotton tree as heritage property by the committee, the state government stepped in and notified it as such.These heritage properties are living examples of the history. Though the area has seen change in the passage of time, these trees have survived the vagaries of life, he said. There was a 100-year-old mango tree at the city bus stand which was initially part of the Curzon Park. During the renovation of the facility, it was felled, he said. According to the octogenarian botanist, among the 20 neem trees which have spread their wings on the city for more than 100 years, one is in the park. These heritage properties need to be preserved, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11855324", "title": "Shortage of anesthesiologists must be addressed: experts", "text": "BHOPAL: The shortage of anesthesiologists needs to be addressed as the current strength in the country is only one-third of the optimal service requirement now, say experts.They were speaking at the 13th annual conference of the Indian Society of Neuroanesthesiology and Critical Care here on Saturday. According to estimates, there are about 5,500 anesthesiologists in the country at present while for optimal service delivery, the requirement more than three times the current strength.On the second day of the conference, specialists said that with minimum evasive surgery becoming a common practice, administering anaesthesia has become safer and simpler.\"Today administering anaesthesia is controlled and appropriate doses act as a simple on and off button,\" said professor and HoD, anaesthesia, TN Medical College (Mumbai), Dr Pinakin Gujjar.However, stressing the need for specialised neurocritical care intensive care units, neuro anaesthesiology consultant Dr Anil Parakh said, \"Life-threatening neurological illnesses such as massive stroke and accident cases are on the rise. Neurocritical care units specialize in managing the unique needs of such patients.\"According to estimates, there were 1.31 lakh road accidents took place in India last year. Moreover, Indian Council for Medical Research (ICMR) estimates that by 2015, there will be 1.6 million patients suffering from paralytic stroke in the country of which 1/3 face permanent disability due to lack of awareness and basic infrastructure.Reiterating the need for more anaesthesiologists, Dr Dileep Gulati said, \"Anaesthesiology today is an upcoming multimodality specialty in medical science with its spectrum ranging from preoperative patient care to pain management , critical care and palliative care.\" Sunday would be the last of the conference.Symptoms of paralytic strokeSudden numbness or weakness of the face, arm, or leg (especially on one side of the body)Sudden confusion, trouble speaking or understanding speechSudden trouble seeing in one or both eyesSudden trouble walking, dizziness, loss of balance or coordinationSudden severe headache with no known cause", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11855676", "title": "People throng free medical camp in Ajmer", "text": "AJMER: Seniormost cardiovascular and cardiothoracic surgeon of India Naresh Trehan said diseases in the country are taking shape in different ways since the 20 years and people need a change in the lifestyle to cope with them.Trehan, who came here on Saturday to render his services to the two-day mega health camp at Patel Stadium organized by Union MoS (IT and Telecom) Sachin Pilot, told the media that it is the lifestyle that matters these days. \"Things are changing and so we have to change our lifestyle.\"He said about 20 years ago, TB and other diseases were prevalent but heart problems and cancer gripped people these days.Stressing that change in the lifestyle could beat such diseases, Trehan said, \"Only 45 minutes walk will keep you fit and less prone to heart diseases.\"Food is also an important factor which is now unchecked, said the doctor, who is also the chairman and managing director of Medanta Group. He praised Pilot and said it was due to the minister's personal efforts that made him to attend this mega health camp.During the camp, Trehan also checked five children suffering from holes in the heart and assured free operations for them to correct the disorders.\"Doctor Trehan will operate on these children free of cost. Such an operation cost lakhs of rupees but Trehan who came to attend this camp will help the small boys to have a good life,\" Pilot said during the camp.The minister added that the aim of the camp is to provide facilities to those people who could not afford costly operations and consultations.Padma Shri award winner K K Agarwal and chairman of the Heart Care Foundation said to organize such a largescale medical camp needs strong will power and Pilot had showed it. It was the reason why big multinationals and pharmaceutical companies came here to treat the poor, Agarwal said.Renowned neurosurgeon and director of Apollo Telehealth, K Ganpathy, diagnosed brain-related diseases during the camp. \"The telemedicine division of the Appollo Hospital is facilitating these virtual consultations using high speed broadband connectivity. All virtual consultations will be documented in an electronic medical record using Medintegra software. We have made arrangements to handle up to 500 specialsits tele consultants,\" said professor K Ganpathy who is also president of ATNF.There was a large crowd in the camp since morning and people came from remote regions and villages with their families to get treatment. \"There was a perpetual pain in my back and here they diagnosed it and gave me medicines free of cost,\" said Ganpat Choudhary of Bhinai who attended the camp. Sabnam and her little son Salim were happy to get free biscuits and cake after having consultations with the experts. She said doctors told her that she has low mineral and gave free medicines for a month. Women who came from minority dominated regions and rural areas were also happy to get the best gynecology treatment in the camp.Woman dies at health campA 60-year-old woman, Habida of Hajipura, who came to attend the mega health and medical camp at Patel Stadium on Saturday morning fainted on the spot and died. She was rushed to JLN Hospital where doctors declared her brought dead. According to spectators, there was some crowding and pushing at the registration counter when several people were rushing to get registration for the free check-up. Doctors said Habida died because of breathlessness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11854462", "title": "People are best tutors of politics, says Rahul Gandhi", "text": "VARANASI: Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi considers that his process of learning has not been completed. \"Poora seekh liya tab maza dekhna (Let me learn all the tricks of politics, then see what I do),\" he declared, hinting towards the work culture of opposition parties. \"The bureaucrats and present politicians do not know how to run the country. It's the people who run the country.Without going among the people, neither their pain nor their expectations and requirements can be judged,\" Rahul said while addressing an election meeting at Beniabagh Park here on Saturday. Citing the example of BJP-led NDA's defeat in 2004 Parliamentary elections as an example, he said, \"After coming to power, the BJP leadership became overconfident and without going among the people to know the ground realities, they gave the slogan of 'India Shining'.But, during 2004 Parliamentary elections, the people taught a bitter lesson to them.\" He said that people, especially the poor ones, are wise enough to teach the harsh realities of life. \"When I returned from US and UK after completing my studies, I contacted senior politicians, bureaucrats and intellectuals to know poverty. Many paper presentation and sessions were held. But, no such efforts proved sufficient to explain the real sense of poverty as taught by a poor woman of a village to me when I visited her place,\" Rahul said.After that, he realised that people, especially the poor, are the best teachers and he started visiting them. \"I am still learning and it is also a fact that I am not quitting UP whether it takes five or 15 years as I am confident that the fate of this state will change,\" said Rahul. On seeing participation of Muslims in good numbers in the impressive gathering at his election meeting, he said: \"By going among the weavers, their problem came to his knowledge after which the Prime Minister announced package for them and also introduced weavers credit card.\"He said that the idea of introducing Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act and Jawahar Lal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission was came after going among the people and knowing their requirements. But without going among people, Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav, Bahujan Samaj Party chief Mayawati and BJP are making pre-poll promises which can never be fulfilled, he added. Malayam Singh Yadav never visited Bundelkhand during his chief ministership but now he is promising to develop this region on the lines of Israel, said Rahul adding, perhaps MSY has found some magic wand to generate power.How he would fulfil his promise to ensure 24 hours of uninterrupted power supply in the state without generation is a billion dollar question. \"When I spent a night here recently and moved the streets and ghats along Ganga I found that it is most beautiful city in the world. But lack of basic facilities and poor cleanliness arrangements is compelling the tourists to prefer other destinations like Rajasthan,\" Rahul said.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11855040", "title": "Hold PTA meets to avoid tragedies: Police", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Tirupur police have approached government and private schools in the district asking them to conduct regular parents-teachers association meetings in order to avoid incidents such as the classroom slaying of a teacher, Uma Maheswari, by a 15-year-old boy at a private school in Chennai.The police have asked school managements to hold meetings with parents every month. V Balakrishnan, superintendent of police, said, \"The parents teachers association (PTA) meeting is not held regularly in many schools. The PTA is defunct in many schools. As many untoward incidents are happening in schools, parents need to be updated on the activities of their wards in schools. We want closer coordination between parents, teachers and police to prevent murders and suicides.\"He also said that inspectors of various police stations would attend PTA meetings in schools to prevent such tragic incidents from happening.Inspector of matriculation schools (Erode and Tirupur districts) N Jayaraman said he was waiting for government instructions. If any instructions were received, he said he would immediately implement them. \"Schools should conduct PTA meetings every month,\" he said.S Gopidas, inspector of matriculation schools (Coimbatore and Nilgiris), said that many schools in the two districts did not have PTAs. \"I am going to send a circular insisting that PTA meetings be regularly held in these schools,\" he said.Heads of schools had different insights on why the incident had happened. R Kulandaivelu, headmaster of Boys Higher Secondary School, Thondamuthur, said, \"We give importance for sports in government schools. There are three PT periods in a week. So students are not under any stress. There is cooperation among students and staff. But in private schools, students are under a lot of pressure. Because of this, there are continuously studying. Even after classes, they have tuitions. This puts them under a lot of strain.\"V Jayamani, principal, Premier Vidyaa Vikash Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Thondamuthur, said, \"Many parents think their duty stops at sending their children to school. They don't find time to spend with their wards. If PTA meetings are held, only a few are willing to attend. They are willing to pay for the course, but not ready to hear the problems their children face at school.\"Coimbatore superintendent of police ES Uma said, \"We will approach schools in rural areas and persuade them to identify children under pressure and offer them counselling.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11856240", "title": "The art of kissing", "text": "The meeting of mouths isn't only about sex and romance, it also conveys powerful cultural messages. So lean in for a lessonJudas did it to Jesus, Britney did it to Madonna , Prince Charming did it to Sleeping Beauty. Birds do something like it, bees don't , and Bonobo apes have been observed doing it for 12 minutes straight (they prefer the tongue-sucking method). This Valentine's Day, you might be doing it, too.Kissing is the universal language. It is mirrored in the animal kingdom and in human terms it is arguably the most evocative behaviour we exhibit towards each other. Studies show that people remember the details of their first kiss more clearly than they do of any other of life's firsts; including their first sexual experience.But the mouth-to-mouth kissing we are familiar with is a relatively recent global phenomenon. In his 1864 book, Savage Africa , British explorer William Winwood Reade described how an African princess he fell in love with thought he was trying to eat her when he approached her for a kiss. Reade also described how one tribe he encountered greeted each other by talking in baby language and patting each other's chests; \"the kiss is unknown among the Africans\" , he surmised.Philematologists - people who study kissing - record that the earliest reference to kissing-like behaviour is found in the 1500BC Vedic Sanskrit texts from India . Although there was no word for 'kiss' back then, the Hindu documents refer to the act of 'smelling with the mouth' . Kissing was big in India. Another Hindu text describes lovers 'setting mouth to mouth' and in the fourth century BC, the epic Indian poem Mahabharata describes affectionate mouth kissing.Modern thinking is that kissing is both nature and nurture, and has evolved over human history. One theory suggests that cavemen licked each other's cheeks as a way of obtaining salt and another theorises that, in the days before lightbulbs, people had to get close and sniff each other to recognise family members.According to Rutgers University Anthropologist Helen Fisher , kissing evolved to facilitate three essential needs: sex drive, romantic need and attachment. Each is a component of human reproduction and kissing bolsters all three. In this theory, kissing helps people find a partner, commit to them and stay with them long enough to have a child.Sheril Kirshenbaum is the scientific queen of kissing. She is a biologist from the University of Texas and author of The Science of Kissing. She says: \"When an infant is born, his or her first experiences of love and comfort and security usually involve some kind of kissing, so we are hard-wired at an early age to associate these positive emotions with lip contact.\"In many cultures, before baby food was widely available, parents pre-chewed food and passed it into their infant's mouth by tongue. As an individual grows, kissing develops to fulfil a range of functions. In children it is used playfully as a way to bond with peers. Research by Goldsmiths College found that five-year-old boys used playful hugging and kissing in the same way that adolescent boys play-fight to reinforce masculinity. The study found that boys were far more likely than girls to make physical contact.In adulthood, kissing also has multifaceted purposes. When a woman kisses a man, the contact enables her to gauge his suitability as a mate by picking up on his hormonal markers.Kirshenbaum explains: \"Our sense of smell tells us a lot about other people and whether they may be a potential partner and even a genetic match. It happens on a subconscious level and kissing puts us in the closest proximity possible to get a sample . Women have a stronger sense of smell and taste and when we are kissing we use the information we get from our senses. It is nature's ultimate litmus test.\"Endocrinologists have found that through kissing, women can sample a section of a potential partner's genome called the major histocompatibility complex (MHC). The MHC are codes for the immune system and women are attracted to the scent of men with a different MHC to themselves . \"The advantage is that if you pair up with someone who has a diverse MHC, your children will be healthier and more likely to survive,\" adds Kirshenbaum.It is also believed that kissing allows partners to smell each other's pheromones.Secret world of SnoggingThe word kiss comes from the Old English cyssan from the proto-Germanic kussijanan or kuss, which is probably based on the sound kissing can make On Valentine's Day last year, a couple in Thailand locked lips for 46 hours, 24 minutes, the longest kiss ever recorded A woman in China partially lost her hearing after her boyfriend ruptured her eardrum with a passionate kiss French kissing involves all 34 muscles in the face. A regular kiss involves only two Kissing burns 6.4 calories a minute It is possible for a woman to reach an orgasm through kissing The mouth is full of bacteria. When two people kiss, they exchange between 10 million and 1 billion bacteria The average person spends about 15 days kissing throughout the course of a lifetimeThe Independent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11854938", "title": "Politics trumps civic concerns at residential association meets", "text": "CHENNAI: Political differences and ego clashes are coming in the way of representatives addressing public grievances. A legislator shy of sharing dais with a councillor whom she blamed for her name not being included in a poster, and a deputy mayor who didn't want to be seen with a CPM leader are but a couple of examples of this disturbing trend.On Saturday morning, when the Alwarpet Residents Welfare Association convened a meeting with elected representatives and civic officials, Mylapore MLA R Rajalakshmi chose to stay away.While the MLA was not available for comment, participants at the meeting said she was upset that her name was missing from posters of a previous function.In the absence of the legislator, residents took up matters with South Chennai MP C Rajendran, who participated. Residents spoke at length about encroachments on main roads, commercialisation of residential areas, parking issues and lack of buses in RA Puram and Alwarpet. \"There are so many problems, but we are not able to meet our elected representative in the assembly,\" said M Ravi, a resident of Alwarpet.Among those present at the meeting were councillor Jhansi Rani and officials from Metrowater, Corporation, MTC, police and Ramky Enviro, the private conservancy agency appointed to clear garbage in the area. Residents said the invitations, which had mentioned that mayor Saidai Duraisamy would be attending, was distributed a week ago.\"We had invited them more than a week ago. Only after they agreed to attend the meeting did we print the invitations,\" said association president E Muralidharan .While Duraisamy said he had to inspect arrangements for the chief minister's visit to Manali on Sunday, residents said the MLA was unreachable on Saturday. \"We called her, but she did not pick up the phone,\" said Muralidharan.A similar incident took place a month ago at a welfare association meeting organised by the residents of Alapakkam near Virugambakkam.The meeting was to be attended by CPM legislator Bhima Rao and deputy mayor B Benjamin. Participants at the meeting said the deputy mayor, an AIADMK leader, didn't want to be photographed with Rao, and hence came to the venue only after the legislator left the place. Benjamin later denied this, saying he had got held up in traffic.The mayor defended him saying the residents may have misunderstood him. \"We have no issues with CPM. He may have wanted to avoid a situation of the opposition member cornering him with an uncomfortable question. It was just a misunderstanding,\" said mayor Saidai Duraisamy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ghosi/mau", "code": "11856553", "title": "Voters seal Ansari\u2019s fate", "text": "GHOSI/MAU: The eyes turned towards Haji Manjoor Ahmad and his three-year-old granddaughter as the duo emerged from a polling booth at madrassa Darul-Uloom Khariah Faiz-e-Ghosi in Ghosi constituency of Mau district.The little girl was holding close to her chest a photograph of the candidate who is new to the constituency but not to voters --mafia-turned-politician Mukhtar Ansari.So, on Saturday, when the electorate of Ghosi went to exercise their franchise, Ansari had stirred great curiosity among voters, polling staff as well as the security personnel who stood guard at various sensitive and hypersensitive polling stations across the district.A day before voting, on Friday, a polling agent in Mau had accused Ansari, who is contesting on Qaumi Ekta Dal ticket, of bullying the administration to get the votes cast in his favour. Officials manning the polling stations were, however, quick to shrug it off as another allegation. ``It is all peaceful,'' said a police official manning a polling booth in Amila village of Ghosi. The booth was a small one thogh, with just 700-odd voters on the rolls.Ansari is contesting for the first time from Ghosi. The constituency has been greatly altered post-delimitation, giving Ansari some reasons to worry. Two villages, Adri and Kopaganj, which have a strong Muslim presence, were separated from Mau Sadar from where Ansari had won in the past. The two villages are now part of Ghosi, where Ansari is up against BSP's Fagu Chauhan and Samajwadi Party's Sudhakar.Known for his stakes in coal mining, railway construction and scrap disposal, PWD construction and illicit liquor business, Mukhtar Ansari's clout has grown in the region. This time, Mukhtar Ansari is contesting from two out of four assembly constituencies in Mau.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11854843", "title": "Beni: PM should pave way for Rahul Gandhi", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior Congress leaders seem to be taking turns to create situations to embarrass the party. A day after Union law minister Salman Khurshid described Congress president Sonia Gandhi emotions while going through the photographs of Batla House encounter, Union minister for steel Beni Prasad Verma described Prime Minister Manmohan Singh as too old to handle his job in 2014, thereby paving the way for Rahul Gandhi to become PM.Beni made this comment on Friday while talking to reporters in Mandiahu assembly constituency of Jaunpur where he was campaigning for the party candidate. Asked about the political prospects of Rahul Gandhi, Verma said: \"Manmohan Singh is already 80 years old .... by 2014 (next Lok Sabha election) he will be 82... there is a limit to which anyone can handle the pressures of being a PM ... so Rahul Gandhi will automatically become the prime minister.\"Senior Congress leaders were unwilling to comment on Beni's statement on Saturday. But the opposition was quick to react.\"This shows how and what Beni Prasad Verma and his party feels for the veterans in the party ... look at their mentality... he is showing the door to the person who got him in his cabinet,\" said Beni's friend-turned-foe and senior Samajwadi Party leader Mohammed Azam Khan. Earlier, Beni had left the party embarrassed when he described fellow Congress MP from Barabanki PL Punia as an \"outsider\" in UP politics.\"Punia has come from Punjab... all the people here are our people and we are winning all the six seats,\" Verma had told reporters after casting vote in his home district of Barabanki. The purpose behind describing Punia as an outsider was to send across a message that if the Congress win seats in Barabanki it would be due to Beni's clout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "11856546", "title": "Pop music queen Whitney Houston dead", "text": "LOS ANGELES: Whitney Houston, who reigned as pop music's queen until her majestic voice and regal image were ravaged by drug use, erratic behavior and a tumultuous marriage to singer Bobby Brown , has died. She was 48.Publicist Kristen Foster said that the singer had died, but the cause and the location of her death were unknown.At her peak, Houston was the golden girl of the music industry. From the middle 1980s to the late 1990s, she was one of the world's best-selling artists. She wowed audiences with effortless, powerful, and peerless vocals that were rooted in the black church but made palatable to the masses with a pop sheen.Her success carried her beyond music to movies, where she starred in hits like \"The Bodyguard\" and \"Waiting to Exhale.\"She had the perfect voice and the perfect image: a gorgeous singer who had sex appeal but was never overtly sexual, who maintained perfect poise.She influenced a generation of younger singers, from Christina Aguilera to Mariah Carey , who when she first came out sounded so much like Houston that many thought it was Houston.But by the end of her career, Houston became a stunning cautionary tale of the toll of drug use. Her album sales plummeted and the hits stopped coming; her once serene image was shattered by a wild demeanor and bizarre public appearances. She confessed to abusing cocaine, marijuana and pills, and her once pristine voice became raspy and hoarse, unable to hit the high notes as she had during her prime.\"The biggest devil is me. I'm either my best friend or my worst enemy,\" Houston told ABC's Diane Sawyer in an infamous 2002 interview with then-husband Brown by her side.It was a tragic fall for a superstar who was one of the top-selling artists in pop music history, with more than 55 million records sold in the United States alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11855168", "title": "'25% elderly population depressed'", "text": "NEW DELHI: One in every four among India's elderly population is depressed , and one in three suffers from arthritis, while one in five cannot hear.While one in three suffers from hypertension in rural India and one in two in urban areas, almost half have poor vision. Around one in 10 experiences a fall that results in fracture, while two in five are anemic.One in 10 in rural India and two in five in urban areas suffer from diabetes, with nearly 31% suffering from bowel disorders.With the Union health ministry's \"Health Problems in the Elderly\" estimates not painting a pretty picture, allocation to take care of the country's rocketing geriatric population could see a 300% jump in the next Plan.According to the report of the Union health ministry's working group on non-communicable disease burden for the 12th five-year Plan, while in the 11th Plan Rs 1, 000 crore was allocated to take care of the senior citizens, Rs 3,147 crore will be required to upscale the programme over the next five years.Ministry estimates say the number of people in the 60-plus age group in India will increase to 100 million in 2013, and 198 million in 2030.The elderly population will increase to 12% of the total population by 2025, 10% of whom would be bedridden, requiring utmost care. The ministry's revised National Programme for the Healthcare of the Elderly (NPHCE) expects to have 20 institutions with capacity to produce 40 post-graduates in MD in geriatric medicine per year, additional 6,400 beds in district hospitals and 1,000 beds in medical colleges for the elderly by 2017.It also envisages geriatric clinics in OPD and physiotherapy units in 640 district hospitals with more than 2,000 geriatric clinics in community and primary health centres.The group has suggested setting up of the National Institute of Aging in New Delhi and Chennai attached to AIIMS and Madras Medical College, respectively.Under the proposal, 12 additional Regional Geriatric Centres will be developed in Chandigarh, Lucknow, Jharkhand, Kolkata, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Ahmedabad, Nagpur, Cuttack, Agartala, Bhopal and Patna.The ministry plans to start a six-month certificate course in geriatric medicine to train service candidates in these colleges. Every medical college will train six candidates at a time, and there will be two sessions each year.Designed to be preventive, curative and rehabilitative for the elderly, the programme is running in 100 districts of 21 states.\"India will soon become home to the second largest number of older people in the world. The challenges are unique with this population in India. A majority (80%) of them are in the rural areas, making service delivery a challenge, feminization of the elderly population (51% of the elderly population would be women by 2016), increase in the number of the older-old (persons above 80 years) and 30% of the elderly are below poverty line,\" the internal ministry note said.The report of the working group says the programme will be extended to 540 more districts over the next five years. Each district will have a 10-bed geriatric ward and a geriatric OPD on a daily basis for care of the elderly.In the CHCs, geriatric clinic will be set up twice a week, while in the PHC there will be a weekly geriatric clinic. Home-based care will be available for bedridden cases. At the sub-centres, male health workers posted will be trained to make domiciliary visits to the elderly in areas under their jurisdiction. Annual check-up of all the elderly at village level will be organized by PHC/CHC.\"Village health workers will give special attention to the elderly who are bedridden and provide training to the family to look after the disabled. They will arrange suitable callipers and supportive devices and provide them to elderly disabled people to make them ambulatory,\" the official added.* India will soon become home to the second largest senior citizens' population in the world* The 60-plus age group population is likely to rise to 100 million in 2013, and 198 million in 2030* The elderly population will account for 12% of the total population by 2025, 10% of whom would be bedridden, requiring utmost care* A majority (80%) of them would be in rural areas, making service delivery a challenge* 51% of the elderly population would be women by 2016* According to the 2006 World Population Prospects, the number of Indians aged above 80 will increase more than six times from existing 78 lakh to about 5.14 crore by 2050* 20% of this category suffers from Alzheimer's* The number of people over 65 years is expected to quadruple from 6.4 crore in 2005 to 23.9 crore, while those aged 60 and above will rise from 8.4 crore to 33.5 crore by 2055* WHO says around 4%-6% of elderly people experience some form of maltreatment at home* Elder maltreatment can lead to serious physical injuries and long-term psychological consequences* The global population of people aged 60 years and older would more than double, from 542 million in 1995 to about 1.2 billion in 2025* Maltreatment of sr citizens is an important public health problem", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11855516", "title": "Woman robbed of chain", "text": "HUBLI: Two unidentified persons snatched an 85 gram gold chain from a woman's neck near Shirur Park in Jayanagar here on Thursday night.Police said two bike-borne miscreants snatched the Rs 2 lakh-worth gold chain of Swati Shivprasad (32), resident of Brindavan layout, who was going to a temple with her son.Vidyanagar police have registered a case and investigation is on.5 held for robbery bidTown police on Saturday arrested five persons, who were standing on Goodshed road, planning to rob people travelling on the road.Town police inspector V N Patil told STOI that Nagaraj (34), Anand (29), Rajesh (34) B Sundarraj (26) and Sudhakaran (34) were arrested.Police grew suspicious seeing them standing by the roadside. Two rods, knives and chilli powder packets were recovered from them. A case has been registered at the town police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11854443", "title": "Rahul leaves officials gasping for breath", "text": "VARANASI: By changing his programme to reach Benibagh Park from police line by road, instead of landing directly at his election meeting venue before his arrival on Saturday, Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi left the local authorities sweating.Rahul not only stopped his motorcade at many place on way to Beniabagh Park but also came out of his vehicle to shake hands with people eagerly waiting for him. After ending his speech, he again started meeting the youth.When huge crowd surrounded his vehicle before he could come out of Beniabagh Park, he climbed up the roof of his vehicle for few seconds.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11855229", "title": "Drug trials: A father moves DCGI", "text": "INDORE: In yet another complaint against the unethical drug trials that took place in the city, a local resident lodged a complaint with the Drug Controller General of India (DCGI), Medical Council of India (MCI) and National Human Rights Commission on Saturday accusing some city-based doctors with a clinic of making his son a trial subject after keeping him in the dark.Om Prakash Agrawal, a resident of Rajmohalla here, alleged that the people involved in the controversial drug trials kept him in the dark. He alleged that the drug had severe side-effects and the health condition of his son, Nitin, continued deteriorating. \"After my son failed in examination, his mental health became unstable. He was not a healthy volunteer. Then, how could the doctors conduct trial on him,\" asked Agrawal.The complainant stated that a medical store owner referred him to Dr Abhay Paliwal at his clinic in Geeta Bhawan. \"Nitin was admitted in May 2010 and we were told that he would be alright in a few days. They asked me to sign on some forms, which were in English. Though I could not understand the content, I signed on it trusting the doctors. My son was admitted to the hospital for 10 days,\" stated Agrawal in his complaint.Informing that the 'treatment' did not yield any result as per the promise, Agrawal complained that the doctors used to take blood samples 8-10 times a day.\"We even opposed when doctors collected blood samples frequently but no one listened,\" alleged Agrawal.The complaint alleged that an Ahmedabad-based company, Intas, sponsored the trial for which approval was taken from city-based Naitik independent ethics committee and ethics committee of CHL-Apollo Hospital.Nitin was also not insured against clinical trial liability and is still taking the medicines for his ailment. He was not given patient information sheet and a copy of informed consent form, the complainant added.However, the doctor involved in the particular case clarified that no trial was conducted without informing patient or family member. \"I do not remember the case. I have to check the records. However, no trial was conducted without taking consent of the patient or family members,\" added Dr Paliwal.After my son failed in examination, his mental health became unstable. Then, how could the doctors conduct trial on him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11854268", "title": "HC orders state to pay compensation for woman's land", "text": "MADURAI: Condemning the state government's lethargic attitude over acquisition proceedings for forming a water channel, the Madurai bench of the Madras high court directed it to pay compensation to a woman who had parted her house plot for the purpose.M Saradha was in possession of a housing plot in an extent of 50 cents situated at Valayankulam village, Madurai district since thse year 1991. The Public Works Department had initiated acquisition proceedings to acquire her housing plot along with other lands for the purpose of forming the Nilaiyur irrigation channel. The petitioner had no objection for the acquisition of her housing plot for a public purpose. But even after acquiring her land, she was not paid compensation for six years. Hence she filed the present petition, seeking a direction to the district collector to disburse the amount.Disposing the petition filed by the woman, Justice K Ravichandra Baabu pointed that in 2005, the woman was dispossessed of her land by invoking the urgency clause of the Land Acquisition Act, 1894. Thereafter, the authorities had not completed the acquisition proceedings in time and had allowed the same to get lapsed for the reason that proposals sent for fixation of the land value to the Special Commissioner and Commissioner of Land Administration, Chennai was not considered in time.Justice Ravichandra Baabu directed state authorities to complete the acquisition proceedings initiated against the petitioner in respect to her land and others within the time frame and pay the compensation to the petitioner without any further delay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "11854699", "title": "3 PLFI men nabbed in Gumla", "text": "GUMLA: Three PLFI rebels, including an area commander, were arrested and a country-made pistol and other articles were recovered from Dhodhtritoli under Raidih police station of the district on Friday evening.Gumla SP Jatin Narwal said the arrested rebels have been identified as area commander Durjan Singh, Surendra Pal Singh and Bandhan Oraon - all residents of the same police station areas of the district. Police brought them before the mediapersons on Saturday.\"Police recovered a country-made pistol, eight sim cards, a cellphone and four live bullets besides a dairy containing names of the persons from whom PLFI activists extorted levy,\" said the SP. The police team was led by ASP (operation) Vipul Shulka.In another encounter between police and the Maoists took place at a bordering village with Chhattisgarh on Friday afternoon.The maoists were believed to be holding a meeting with villagers and some members of panchayat representatives when the security forces arrived there.Soon an encounter ensued and the Maoists retreated seeing the huge contingent of the security forces.Police recovered blankets and other articles from the site after carrying out a search operation soon after the encounter stopped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11855303", "title": "Five planets to be visible in a single night this month", "text": "PUNE: Sky watchers in the city are in for a celestial treat at the end of this month as they get an opportunity to see Mercury, Venus, Jupiter, Saturn and Mars, all in one night. It is a rare phenomenon as these are the only planets visible to naked eye from earth, and all five will be seen in one go.Arvind Paranjpye, director, Nehru Planetarium, said, \"One or more of these planets are usually hidden behind the sun, hence they cannot be seen in a single night.\"The phenomenon is estimated to take place between February 22 and 24. Venus and the moon will be seen together around February 23 to 24. The five planets will be seen between 7 pm and 1 am during this period.In fact, Mars and Saturn are already easily visible without optical aids, from sunset to sunrise. Mars can be seen in the east with the naked eye. Venus is visible towards the west after sunset, till 9 pm and Jupiter can be seen above Venus till 11 pm.Paranjpye said, \"In the coming days, Saturn will be seen in the east close to midnight. February is shaping up to be an excellent month for those who like to gaze at the night sky, especially for those who like to look at our closest neighbours in the universe , the planets.\"Mercury, the innermost planet of the solar system, will be visible in the evening sky during the last week of February.Paranjpye said, \"Uranus is also visible these days and can be easily spotted, compared to other days. It can otherwise be seen only with the help of specialised star maps. However, in the coming few days, it will be close to Venus. Since Venus is easy to spot, spotting Uranus without the help of specialised maps is possible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "there goes an old saying", "code": "11858603", "title": "Way to the heart", "text": "There goes an old saying: the best way to a man's heart is through food. Incidentally the same is true for women as well.And while that's common knowledge these days, interestingly in so many years no one has actually deciphered the 'love' recipe that will win over the one you love. But the quest continues. And in ours we reach out to those-in-the-know (in this case chefs and dessert specialists) to find out if that 'love portion' is possible. Instead, we find five different recipes, each a winner of love.BITTER, SWEET AND SPICY \"I have never had a special Valentine's dessert as such. But this is the one cake that I end up making each year of our married life and incidentally it's on the Valentine's Day. For me, it's more than being in love. The cake that I lovingly call 'Sweet and Spicy!', has been the real story of my married life and is dedicated to my wife, who in spite of my shortcomings has loved me with all her heart. It's our dessert of love! What makes the dessert even more special is that it's flourless and yet has a moist, deep, dark and mysterious core - just like a woman. The chilly mousse spiked with vodka is just my interpretation of my life.\" --- Mehernosh Khajotia, confectioner and owner, Celebrations Fine ConfectionsFLOURLESS BITTERSWEET CHOCOLATE CAKE, SWEET AND SPICY! Ingredients - 120 ml water, 150 gm white sugar, 500 gm bittersweet chocolate (Lindt singles are good too!), 225 gm butter, 6 eggsMethod 1. Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Grease one 10 inch round heart shaped pan and set aside.2. In a small saucepan over medium heat combine the water and sugar. Stir until completely dissolved and set aside.3. In a microwave melt the bittersweet chocolate. Pour the chocolate into the bowl of an electric mixer.4. Cut the butter into pieces and beat the butter into the chocolate, 1 piece at a time. Beat in the hot sugarwater. Slowly beat in the eggs, one at a time.5. Pour the batter into the prepared pan. Have a pan larger than the cake pan ready, put the cake pan in the larger pan and fill the pan with boiling water halfway up the sides of the cake pan.6. Bake cake in the water bath at 300 degrees F (150 degrees C) for 45 minutes. The centre will still look wet. Chill cake overnight in the pan. To unmould, dip the bottom of the cake pan in hot water for 10 seconds and invert onto a serving plate.CHILLY MOUSSE Ingredients 2 green chillies chopped without the seeds, 25 g powder sugar, 30 ml vodka, 400 gm heavy whipping cream, 170 g white chocolate, chopped 5 gm Gelatine, 6 tab cold waterMethod 1. Chop chillies add the sugar and vodka, and stir until sugar2. Microwave half the cream and chocolate until you get a smooth paste for about one minute3. In a bowl whip the rest of the cream to soft peaks. Fold into melted chocolate mixture, add chilly mixture. Melt gelatine and strain into mousse.4. Let the mixture set for 5 mins in a cool place pipe of pour over the cake 5. Decorate with chopped strawberries and serve to your Bitter, Sweet &amp; SpicyWALNUT MAGIC \"My then-girlfriend and now wife adored this simple dessert recipe. Whether we went to lunch or dinner, we would evidently end up sharing a slice of chocolate walnut cake. So once Valentine's Day I decided to create our own personalised version of this favourite dessert. What I did new? Added two of her favourites: walnut and cinnamon to the cake. She devoured it! Since then I've gone experimental with this dessert and have had my own banana and honey version. But when it comes to showing love, it's the walnut-cinnamon cake that wins all hands. \" -- Chef Sanjay, Pastry Chef, Courtyard Marriott Mumbai International AirportSPICED CHOCOLATE WALNUT CAKE RECIPE Ingredients - 300 gm flour, 1 tsp baking powder, 300 gm sugar, 4 eggs, 250 ml milk, 75 gm Unsweetened cocoa powder, 1/2 tsp cinnamon, 200 gms walnuts, finely chopped 125 ml sunflower oil Icing sugar for decoration, Pinch of saltPreparation 1. Preheat oven to 180\u00b0C, then butter and flour a 28cm round cake tin.2. Sieve the flour, salt, and baking powder into a bowl and mix well.3. In a different bowl, beat the sugar and eggs together. Slowly incorporate the flour, adding the milk a little at a time to keep mixture moist. Sieve in the cocoa powder and the cinnamon, stir in the walnuts, and finally mix in the oil until the batter is well mixed and smooth.4. Pour batter into prepared cake tin and bake for 40 - 45 mins. Let it cool and serve dusted with icing sugar and a cinnamon stick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11854772", "title": "Locals perform footpath dweller's last rites", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Life came full circle for Neelkanth Sonkuse, 80, who started off as a humble mill worker in 1970s. He prospered and settled his family in Ahmedabad, married off two children and sacrificed the only house they had for the son. However, when his wife Shanta, 75, died on Thursday, there was no relative around to perform last rites. The local community members took up the task and have vowed to help Neelkanth as well. Her last rites were performed on Saturday.\"Neelkanth had two children, son Manoj and daughter Nanda. To marry them off, he raised funds by selling his only house in Hanumannagar. The family then shifted to a flat in Radhakrishnanagar,\" said Harshad Patel, a social worker from Amraiwadi.The family was dependent on Manoj, a technician, for livelihood. However, seven years ago, he committed suicide after failed attempts to set up his own venture and family issues. The incident shattered the family as his wife went back to her family, leaving the couple to fend for themselves. The couple survived for two years with the meager pension as well as monetary help that relatives gave but those too dried up. Three years ago, the house owner had asked them to vacate it.\"They first hoped to join their daughter but she showed inability due to her financial condition. The couple had nowhere to go. They then shifted all their belongings to Khokhra bridge and started living underneath it. When we spotted them first, we took them for beggars encroaching the space. However, after hearing their tale, the entire Hanumannagar Society started helping them,\" said a local resident.Thus, when Shanta, 75, died after prolonged illness, she was given the last rites by the community. Patel said that more than 100 people from the locality joined the funeral. They have sent her ashes to Haridwaar and will also conduct the ceremony of inviting people for meal on the thirteenth day after death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11855983", "title": "Indian films haven\u2019t reached the west: Ashok Amritraj", "text": "Ashok Amritraj, one of Hollywood's top producers , tells Meenakshi Sinha on the eve of his 101st film that Bollywood will have to take more risks to get wider global viwershipWhat is your latest film about?The 'Ghost Rider' is based on the classic Marvel comic book. It probably has the darkest hero with Nick (Nicolas) Cage playing the lead, Johnny Blaze. Idris Elba, who won the Golden Globe for best performance by an actor in a mini-series titled 'Luther' , will play an alcoholic warrior monk tasked with finding Ghost Rider in the 2012 sequel. It's mostly shot in Romania and Turkey and comes in 3D and has huge special effects. It is being released in the US and Canada across 3,000 screens through Sony. In India, it releases through Warner Brothers. My company, Hyde Park, releases it in the rest of the world.As a Hollywood producer for the last 30 years, how do you see it vis-a-vis the Indian film industry?It's been an extraordinary journey for me, working with wonderful actors and doing films that grossed over a billion dollars. Things have changed a lot in Hollywood in terms of production and marketing, visual effects, 3D and satellites rights. Both Hollywood and Indian films run on parallel tracks. There are good Indian films with talented filmmakers, actors and cinematographers but they cater to an Indian audience and NRIs who are very loyal.So Indian films haven't reached the western audience?No, they haven't . It will all depend on Indian filmmakers and stars who are willing to take chances, on writers who understand what a global audience wants and on distributors to take a leap of faith and spend money on marketing their films in theatres that are traditionally English language. Right now, Indian films only go to niche theatres catering to a dedicated Indian audience. There is, no doubt, curiosity about its beautiful costumes, energetic dancing and fun locations. But as the internet makes the world smaller and smaller, Indian cinema will reach a wider audience.You've worked with the best of Hollywood. Share some lesser known facts about any of them.It's always fun to work with the beautiful women of Hollywood (laughs). Well, let's see... Sandy (Sandra) Bullock speaks fluent German. Kate Hudson who is Goldie Hawn's daughter is cuter than her mother and even more beautiful. Anjelina Jolie was not the movie star that she is today when she met me. She'd just done the movie 'Tomb Raider' which nobody had heard of then. But she came completely prepared and took the script apart with suggestions and notes.Is there any Indian star you like or admire?(Laughs) I don't think I'll go there because you are going to get me into a lot of trouble. Whether it is Shah Rukh, Aamir or Amitabh, they all do terrific work and all the Indian actresses are stunning.Are you looking for any collaboration with the Indian film industry?Yes. My company, Hyde Park Entertainment will be globalizing. I have partnerships with the governments of Abu Dhabi and Singapore and my international films division company has a picture in pretty much every film festival. We've had robust growth in the last 15 years. My company is also partnering with National Geographic and will be linking films with true events. I look forward to doing something in India as we are in the process of developing some India stories and hope that by 2013, we'll have something to announce to that effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11854464", "title": "Liquor panel may suggest ban in Chanda", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The study panel for liquor ban in Chandrapur has finished its report. Committee members met on Saturday to discuss the inference of their study on the subject and give final shape to the report. Final meeting for unanimous approval of the report would be held on February 17.The committee headed by guardian minister Sanjay Deotale was formed through government notification to examine the various aspects related to liquor sale and its consequences in Chandrapur. The panel initially included eminent social workers Dr Abhay Bang and Dr Vikas Amte, journalist Madan Dhankar, academicians Manohar Sapre and JA Sheikh. Two more women members MLC Shobha Fadnavis and Advocate Vijaya Bangde were later added to panel.Though no member revealed the details of the report, sources said that the report may support liquor prohibition in the district. Panel would submit the report in the sealed envelope to the government which would later come up for discussion in assembly session.The committee visited various parts of the district and took views of common people, social organizations, liquor sellers and people dependent on the business. Panel also visited the adjoining dry districts Wardha and Gadchiroli and discussed the pros and cons of liquor ban in these districts with the administrative authorities. But the entire affair took a year's time and finally when the third extension tenure of the panel neared its end, committee accomplished its task.\"Our draft is ready and committee would meet for a final time on February 17 to approve the report. We will see that report is submitted to the government before its tenure expires on February 22,\" said panel head Deotale.He informed that despite personal engagements and ongoing elections, almost all the members attended the meeting to conclude the report. He didn't give any clue about the inference of the panel, but held that members had one voice on the report.\"There is no possibility of voting among the members over the report. We all agreed on all the points included in the report and each one of us will sign the report on February 17. The report will see unanimous approval,\" he said. All the panel members except Vijaya Bangde were present in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11854144", "title": "After chilly spell, mercury shoots up to 36C on Sat", "text": "MUMBAI: After three days of low temperature and chilly winds, Mumbai spent a hot Saturday, when the maximum temperature soared to 36 degrees Celsius.The minimum temperature recorded in the city rose by four degrees and the maximum remained about five degrees above normal.While the weather bureau assured that winter was not yet over in Mumbai, the city may go through a yo-yo condition, with certain days staying cool and the mercury rising on others.According to the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) data, the minimum temperature recorded in Santa Cruz on Saturady was 14.6 degrees Celsius, one degree below normal, and that in Colaba 18.5 degrees C, two degrees below normal. But what had the Mumbaikars sweating were the maximum readings: 36 degrees Celsius recorded in Santa Cruz and 33.8 degrees Celsius in Colaba, both around five degrees above normal.\"The effect of the Northerly winds is now minimum,\" said IMD director Vishambhar Singh. He explained that the cold spell was due to the winds blowing from the northern landmass. \"But now, the city is being affected by the Easterly winds, which are hot and dry. As a result, the temperature has started rising again,\" he said.The weather department has predicted that Mumbai may have to bear with the heat till another spell of Western Disturbances hits the northern parts of India. \"At least for the next two days, the weather is likely to remain similar. Minimum temperature may rise by one or two degrees, while the maximum temperature mat stay stable,\" said a weather official, adding that another spell of Western Disturbance was likely to hit the northern regions in a few days, which could bring down the temperature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11863931", "title": "City's heritage structures impress Prof", "text": "VADODARA: He was a member of the team that helped Malaysian cities, Malacca and George Town get World Heritage site status from Unecso. And, now he is lending a helping hand to promote Ahmedabad as World Heritage City. Professor Syed Idid, who was in the city on Sunday, feels that Vadodara too has lot of potential as it has many heritage structures. He moved around the old city areas and took photographs of several structures that he found interesting.He also visited Nazarbaug Palace located opposite Mandvi. \"The city has potential to develop itself as heritage destination. There are several good structures here. Many of them are in good condition, but I would say that it could have been better. There is lot of uncontrolled intervention,\" Idid, who is with Universiti Teknologi in Malaysia , told TOI. He was in the city to talk with students of architecture institute Vadodara Design Academy (VDA). Idid was accompanied by Debashish Nayak, leading architect and heritage advisor.\"Some elements of the city's architecture are very beautiful and it can be promoted,\" he added. When asked whether he would help the authorities in maintaining and promoting the city's heritage, Idid said, \"The city has good heritage but how to maintain it depends on the authorities. I can give a helping hand.\"He went on to add that Vadodara is a small city and hence the heritage here can be easily managed compared to Ahmedabad. Idid and Nayak visited Nazarbaug Palace, Laxmi Vilas Palace, Rachhod Temple, Jumma Masjid and Hari Bhakti Haveli during their brief stay in the city. \"Idid was very impressed with the VDA students and spent lot of time with them. He also loved some heritage structures in the city,\" Debashish said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11855392", "title": "Narmada Bachao Andolan's notice to state govt on Maheshwar", "text": "The Narmada Bachao Andolan (NBA) issued a legal notice to the state government cautioning it not to place any equity or give any approval or letter of comfort for the purchase of high-cost Maheshwar power.In a press conference held in the city on Friday, Alok Agrawal of the NBA said the notice has been served through noted lawyer Prashant Bhushan.Alok told reporters that the legal notice has called on the State Government to scrap all agreements and guarantees given to the S Kumars in public interest and to disband the Maheshwar Project in the interest of the State and the people of Madhya Pradesh so that the State and people of Madhya Pradesh are not saddled with high cost power. He termed the project as \"unviable\"Alok claimed that the statement of Shri Maheshwer Hydel Power Project Limited, the project promoters that the cost of power from the project would be Rs 6 per unit is patently false as the meeting of the Ministry of Power dated October 19 last year, revealed that the cost would be Rs 9.98 . He said that these details were obtained by the NBA through the RTI.Agrawal said the notice has been served to chief secretary Chief Secretary Avani Vaish, Energy Secretary Mohammad Suleiman and the Finance Secretary Ajay Nath.He said the notice has stated that enormous undue pecuniary advantage has been given to the S Kumars and Rs 3,000 crore of public money has been put in danger in the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11863829", "title": "Farmers need to use latest technology: CM", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi said there is an immediate need for a platform where farmers can learn various new techniques of farming so that the state can witness a new revolution in the agricultural sector.Addressing the crowd at the closing ceremony of the 1st Northeast Regional Agri fair 2012 organized by Assam Agricultural University at Khanapara on Sunday, he said, \"Young farmers should use the latest technology and those who cannot procure a tractor for themselves should resort to cluster farming and avail loan facilities. If fairs like this are held, the farmers can get a lot of information regarding the various facilities available to them.\"The fair also saw a lot of women enterprenuers from places like the BTAD areas. Bijoya Basumatary a stall owner said, \"We weave eri and traditional dokhna chador and arunai, a traditional bodo scarf which have been well received in the fair.\"Nilamoni Sen Deka, state agricultural minister said more such fairs will be held in the future, and by next year four to five such fairs will be held across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11855079", "title": "Case made for invertors as freebies", "text": "COIMBATORE: What use is a mixer-grinder or a fan when electricity is in short supply?So, a retired post master from the city has written a letter to chief minister J Jayalalithaa urging her not to continue with mixer grinders and table fans as they have any use when the state is reeling under power cuts. Instead, N Hariharan of Kovaipudur, who won six national awards for meritorious service, wants the chief minister to distribute small capacity invertors and UPSs to households free of cost as that may help them tide over the current crisis.\"Power crisis have come at a time when students are preparing for their examinations. An inverter can help them to a large extent in exam preparations. Distribution of freebies must be more judicious and reflective of the existing social realities,'' he told TOI after sending the letter to the CM from Railway Station post office.\"What is the use of a table fan without power? People in the state are known for preparing idlis and dosas for several centuries. They invented chutney decades before the mixer-grinder was invented. Let people go back to their tradition to prepare their favourite foods,'' he said.Hariharan, who is active in the social and cultural cycles of Coimbatore, introduces himself as a man of innovative ideas and said it is routine for him to write to the prime minister, chief minister and those others in key posts on critical issues and their solutions.Meanwhile, the sale of inverters has increased manifold in Coimbatore since the rise in the incidents of power outage. Most shops have run out of stocks, Altaf Sherief, joint secretary of the Coimbatore UPS Manufacturers and Sellers Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11855241", "title": "Five-year-old boy killed, cousin sister injured after car knocks them down", "text": "PUNE: A five-year-old boy was killed and his five-year-old cousin sister was injured after they were knocked down by a Mercedes car in a lane near the Swargate bus depot on Shankarsheth Road. The incident took place around 10.30 am on Saturday.The deceased, Suresh Ashok Kale, and his cousin Mahadevi Pawar, used to stay on a foothpath near Shankar petrol pump on Shankarsheth Road.On Saturday, they were playing with other children in the lane.The Swargate police said that the car driver, Sujay Shah (40) of Gulltekdi Market Yard, lost control over the vehicle while entering the lane and knocked down the cousins. Suresh died instantly, while Mahadevi was severely injured.Sundra Pawar, Suresh's aunt and Mahadevi's mother, who is a vegetable vendor, registered a complaint against Shah. He was later arrested under the relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code and Motor Vehicles Act.In another incident, one-and-a-half-year-old Alia Mitta Bagwan of Chinchwad was killed after a speeding tempo knocked him down at Chinchwad. The Chinchwad police have registered a complaint against the tempo driver, Saheb Helwar (35) of Bijlinagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11854859", "title": "Suspend students, police urge Pachaiyappa's College", "text": "CHENNAI: The city police have recommended that the management of Pachaiyappa's College place the 14 students responsible for Thursday's violence under suspension. Twelve of the students were arrested immediately after the incidents. \"We have sent a formal letter to the principal to take action against the students,\"JtCoP (east zone) S N Seshasai said. Seven people were injured and more than seven vehicles damaged in the violence that erupted after police denied the students permission to celebrate 'Bus Day'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11855200", "title": "'Businessman' throws rules to the winds", "text": "HYDERABAD: Whether 'Businessman' that is being touted as the 'biggest box office hit' in the 81-year-old history of the Telugu film industry' is the subject matter of debate, but surely Mahesh Babu-starrer is breaking rules.The movie has violated provisions of the Cinematograph Act and the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) has been taken for a ride. This pertains to the title of the movie. The CBFC cleared the movie with the title 'The Businessman' but the filmmakers have dropped 'The' on their own. The publicity of the film is being done without the definite article.In fact, the Andhra Pradesh Film Chamber of Commerce, too, through a letter on January 1, 2011 had cleared the registration of the film title as 'The Businessman'. The title was also renewed up to April 22, 2012.However, the definite article is missing from the posters and other publicity material of the movie which was released on January 13. Curiously, a set of publicity posters submitted to the CBFC for certification carry the full title.According to sources, such violation - publicizing a movie with change in title - is an offence and punishable up to three years of imprisonment and also with a fine. Clearly, R R Movie Makers, the producers of the film, showed no respect for rules and regulations as laid down by the Cinematograph Act.The movie which is running for the successful fifth week has also courted controversy for other reasons. Another glaring omission was 'A' certification. A film which is given 'A' certification is meant for only adults. This prompted some activists to lodge a complaint with the police.Taking objection to the lyric 'Bad boys...' in the film, VHP activists also lodged a complaint with the police. But the police failed to take these violations to the notice of CBFC. The length of cuts the film was subjected to by censors shows to what depths film director Puri Jagannadh stooped to in projecting obscenity, including liberal doses of 'f...' word.Strange as it seemed, film hero Mahesh Babu justifies the existence of the mafia in settling problems. In the film, the hero even goes to the extent of suggesting that those who do not have a purpose in life would do better to commit suicide rather than be a burden on the earth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11859587", "title": "Govt approves change in names of 25 towns", "text": "NEW DELHI: Shakespeare may have said what's in the name but for the Home Ministry it is a matter of sentiments of millions as it had approved renaming of 25 towns across the country during the last decade.In Kerala, the highest number of 17 towns were renamed, followed by Punjab, where the Centre approved the change of names in four towns, besides two in Odisha.Though the Home Ministry approved the change of names in two towns in Madhya Pradesh, it rejected the proposal of renaming capital Bhopal as Bhojpal.Punjab's Sahibzada Ajit Singh Nagar is now known as Ajitgarh while Sunam town is Sunam Udham Singh Wala. The name of Nawanshahar has been changed to Shahid Bhagat Singh Nagar and Muktsar town is now known as Sri Muktsar Sahib.Phulbani in Odisha is now called Baudh Kaudhamal while the name of Sonapur has been changed to Subarnapur.The rechristened towns in Kerala are Thrissur (from Trichur), Kollam (Quilon), Alappuzha (Alleppey), Palakkad (Palghat), Kannur (Connanore), Thalassery (Tellicherry), Vadakara (Badagare), Paravur (Parur) and Aluva (Alwaye).The other name changed towns in Kerala are Devi Kulam (from Devi Colam), Kochi (Cochin), Changanassery (Changanachery ), Chirayinkeezhu (Chirayinkil), Kodungallur (Cranagnore), Mannarkad (Mannarghat), Mananthavady (Mannantoddy) and Sulthan Bathery (Sultan's Battery).Names of two Madhya Pradesh towns -- Gotegaon and Mhow -- have been changed to Sridham and Ambedkar Nagar respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11863934", "title": "MSU to start course in cellular, molecular biology", "text": "VADODARA: M S University's Faculty of Science will offer more options to students wishing to make a career in science. The faculty which so far offers BSc, MSc and BCA programmes will also offer a five-year integrated course in cellular and molecular biology from this academic year.The decision regarding this was taken during a recent faculty board meeting and will now be placed before syndicate members for their approval.The suggestion to start such a course was made by professor C V Ramakrishnan, father of Nobel laureate Venkatraman Ramakrishnan aka Venky, who had founded the department of biochemistry at MSU.\"This course will cover multiple disciplines of life sciences. We will be offering 30 seats on higher payment model,\" dean of MSU's Faculty of Science professor Nikhil Desai told TOI on Sunday.Government of India's department of biotechnology has given the faculty three teaching positions for a period of five years to run the new course.\"Additionally, when Venky got Nobel prize, the Gujarat government had promised to provide us Rs one crore as seed capital to offer such courses,\" said Desai.Moreover, a student who takes up the integrated course will be given a BSc degree he/she wishes to opt out after three years.Students will be admitted in this integrated course through an all India entrance test. Those students who have cleared their HSc with 60 per cent marks in group B will be eligible for applying for the course.The faculty board has also cleared a proposal to start two new departments - department of environment science and department of computer applications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11856532", "title": "Undertrial prisoner dies at Gandhi hospital", "text": "HYDERABAD: An undertrial prisoner of Cherlapally Jail, who was undergoing treatment at Gandhi Hospital , died on Friday.A prison official said Ravi, who was an accused in a case of outraging the modesty of a woman, died after vomiting blood. Ravi was remanded in judicial custody on January 12 and was sent to the Cherlapally jail. He was admitted to Gandhi hospital on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11855547", "title": "Blood on the bypass", "text": "JAIPUR: The rushed decision of the authorities to open B2 bypass for heavy vehicles - much before work on it was complete - is obvious at every stretch. There are neither proper traffic signs on the road nor any reflectors. Worse, the construction a kilometre-long stretch of the total 2.7 km-long bypass is not even complete, making it unsuitable for vehicles to ply on it.However, except for local residents, who have been protesting the plying of heavy vehicles since the authorities allowed it on January 28, 2012, nobody seems to have taken notice earlier. The authorities chose to turn a deaf ear to the concerns of the local residents but the shock of consecutive fatal accidents on B2 bypass seems to have finally jolted them to awareness.Though speed-breakers have been created, but they are yet to be painted. There are also not enough reflectors. Though the authorities claim to have taken safety measures, much more needs to be done as the bypass passes through a heavily-populated residential area, which also houses a number of educational institutes.Of the 2.7 km B2 bypass connecting Tonk Road to New Sanganer Road - a kilometre of the road connecting Shipra Path to New Sanganer Road - lies unfinished. \"The locals have repeatedly complained that accidents are waiting to happen on this patch, which though opened for traffic, lies unattended as the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) is yet to pass the budget for it. However, it is for the JMC to pull up its socks and complete the work as soon as possible,'' said a senior official.The patch connecting Tonk Road to Shipra Path crossroad, which is 1.7 km, has been developed by the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA), which has put some sign board on the roads and reflectors.The residents of the area claim there are irregular and unmarked speed-breakers, no demarcation of lanes and outer-edges of the bypass and no reflectors. Also, the B2 bypass between Shipra Path and New Sanganer Road is quite narrow. It is a four-lane road, which needs to be converted into six-lane.But the cash-strapped JMC, which would convert the four-lane road into six-lane, is yet to pass the proposal in the board meeting. JMC chief engineer Lalit Sharma said that the proposal awaits clearance. The work would cost nearly Rs 8.5 crore and the proposal would be tabled in the general body meeting scheduled for Monday.As the allotment of budget has not been done, development work of the B2 bypass has not been completed. The boundary of Dwarkadas Park has also been demolished for six-laning of the road. The high court gave two months time before it directed the civic authorities to allow heavy vehicles to pass through from B2 bypass. But in the two months, the civic authorities failed to complete the preparations.After the B2 bypass is completely converted into six-lane, the technical problems will be rectified and complete sign boards would be put up, claim officials. To control the traffic, police have blocked 9 roads at SFS colony, which earlier remained open. However, one road is open in the colony.Traders of Mansarovar observed bandhThe traders of Mansarovar observed bandh and kept their shops closed. They also set on dharna near the spot where three people were killed. A revision petition will be filed by the traders in the Supreme Court demanding stoppage of plying of heavy vehicles on the B2 Bypass. The residents of the area tried to block the B2 bypass on Saturday protesting after 3 people died on the road in the accident. The police detained some women in an attempt to disperse the people gathered on the road. They were later released. The police remained deployed at the B2 bypass throughout the day to keep the situation under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11854410", "title": "25 bullets found lying on the road", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Twenty-five bullets normally used in 9mm pistol were found lying on the road side at Kumazhikkara, near Kazhakootam here on Saturday. Locals found the bullets and informed the police.A police team led by special branch DySP Sherafudeen E, Kazhakootam SI Rajesh Kumar and Attingal ASP Shibu, along with finger print and forensic experts and a dog squad reached the spot for investigation.According to the police the bullets could either have been disposed off by a thief after a theft from a police officer's house or by some miscreants.\"A 9mm pistol is usually provided to police officers of SI rank and above. It can fire up to 10 rounds. Normally the bullets are loaded inside the pistol and carried. At home and office, we keep these bullets in pouches provided by the company. We are probing if the same kind of bullets are also used by other departments like military and para-military services,'' an investigating official said.Police are also collecting the batch number of each bullet to trace their origin. Even then,the proximity of CRPF camp and Sainik school to the spot where the bullets were found might make it difficult for the investigators.\"CRPF also offers all arms training. So these bullets might have come from a CRPF camp also. But we cannot ascertain since these bullets are mostly used by police officers,'' said special branch DySP Sherafudeen E.The bullets found at Kazhakootam were live but bit aged. Officials said that dumping of aged bullets has always been a major problem. \"Even after doing 100-300 rounds of firing, certain aged bullets remain and training camps often find it difficult to dispose them. These bullets might have been disposed of from some training camps,\" another official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11855526", "title": "IIMM to start MBA programme", "text": "HUBLI: The Indian Institute of Material Management Hubli branch is offering regular and distance mode courses for the benefit of the north Karnataka region students, said branch member M C Hiremath.IIMM offers several courses including Graduate Diploma and PG Diplomain Materials Management, and PG Diploma in Logistic Management, but the strength is weak due to the lack of awareness among people , he said.IIMM will start Master of Business Administration (MBA) in supply Chain management in association with Karnataka State Open University of Mysore from this academic year to help the north Karnataka region students, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11854281", "title": "EC asks President to act against 'defiant' Khurshid", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an unprecedented move, the Election Commission (EC) has sought President Pratibha Patil's intervention over law minister Salman Khurshid's \"improper and unlawful action\" in asserting that he would continue advocating a minority sub-quota even if the poll panel were to hang him.With Khurshid signaling his defiance on Saturday despite the EC having censured him for promising a 9% quota within the 27% backward caste reservation, the Commission wrote to Patil saying, \"We have found the tone and tenor utterly contemptuous about the Commission's lawful direction to him.\"Khurshid is mulling a legal challenge to EC censure to get a few observations overturned by the court. But, the move will have to be ratified by the Congress.The EC's plea further charged the already heated political debate in UP with the proposed Muslim quota at the centre of controversy. Criticizing the minister for \"damaging the level-playing field in the election,\" the poll panel expressed its shock at \"...a Union Minister and that too, the law minister, instead of being remorseful about the violation of the model code, that carries the consensus of all political parties and the sanction of the Supreme Court, has chosen to be defiant and aggressive. This is unprecedented.\"The EC letter follows a complaint by the BJP that the minister was taking recourse to using religion to appeal for votes and that he should be barred from electioneering. It was only on Thursday that Khurshid was in the midst of a controversy over his claims that Congress chief Sonia Gandhi had wept on seeing pictures of the Batla House encounter in which two members of the banned terror group Indian Mujahideen were killed.Reacting to the letter, an unrepentant Khurshid told TOI, \"I am doing my job that is campaigning. Let others do theirs. It's (the letter) making history, isn't it?\" Asked if he would alter his approach, he said \"I am saying what is there in my party manifesto. Can I not repeat what features in the manifesto? I would rather stay home and not campaign.\"\"I would not demean myself by commenting on the remark that I sought votes in the name of religion,\" the minister added.There was heightened speculation over how Khurshid's remarks would impact the second phase of polling in communally sensitive eastern UP of which nine districts voted on Saturday. It is not clear whether such rhetoric will help Congress get ahead of its rivals or prove counter-productive, with three minority outfits and BJP's saffron stalwart Yogi Adityanath being factors in the election.After Khurshid went on the offensive again on Friday, saying he would not give up espousing the cause of backward Muslims, the EC said, \"The Commission is approaching you with serious dismay and a deep sense of urgency that requires your kind intervention in the midst of the poll process in the state of Uttar Pradesh.\"Khurshid's rash of minority rhetoric despite being seen as a moderate seems to indicate a growing unease in the Congress that it might be lagging behind Samajwadi Party in wooing minority votes in a keenly-contested election. Failure to persuade minority voters can mean a serious setback to the Congress that is keen to establish that it is on the comeback trail in UP.BJP promptly reacted to the EC intervention, with party spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad saying, \"This is the first time the EC has had to act in such a manner. It has been provoked by the unconstitutional and recalcitrant behaviour of the law minister who is also the minority affairs minister.\"While BJP urged Sonia to comment on Khurshid's remarks, the Congress maintained silence over the EC writing to the President.\"One of (Khurshid's statements) was to the effect that Congress would provide a quota of 9% reservation to the minorities within the existing quota of 27% for OBCs. He also indicated Muslims having a sizeable population will be benefited from this move,\" the EC said.The EC noted that Khurshid has an added responsibility of ensuring the model code of conduct is observed in letter and spirit so that \"elections are conducted in a free and fair manner and all political parties enjoy a level playing field in the matter of their election campaigns.\"Noting that the minister said he would stick to his line, \"even if they hang me\", the full Commission deliberated in an emergency meeting while being concerned about the fact that Khurshid's action could vitiate free and fair poll in UP.\"The undermining of its constitutionally mandated duties has come from the law minister who has a direct responsibility to uphold and strengthen the ECI rather than to denigrate it...Hence, we find the immediate need to draw attention of the executive to the fact that the onus of holding free and fair polls falls on all organs of the state,\" the EC said.\"The Commission is quite concerned that the delicate balance of functions between constitutional authorities has come under a strain, because of the Minister's improper and unlawful action...The Election Commission of India finds it necessary and unavoidable to turn to you at this juncture for immediate and decisive intervention so that the ongoing general election to the Uttar Pradesh Assembly is conducted, and this Commission discharges its functions, in accordance with the Constitution and the law,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11855404", "title": "Fun and frolic greet residents at Times Evening", "text": "KOLKATA: Residents of Shreeram Estates on Ho Chi Minh Sarani, Behala had a gala time on Saturday at with the Times Evening, presented by The Times of India, an event that has become a household name in the city. The evening was a great hit with the old and as well as the youngsters, as the event had fun-filled activities in store for each of them.The evening was a great hit which had something for everyone - old, young and the very young had some fun and entertaining moments.The evening kicked off with a sit and draw competition called Paint Your Imagination for the young ones. The event saw 28 kids below 12 years letting their creativity flow beautifully on the canvas. The first prize went to Devpriya Banerjee who won herself a digital camera. The second and third prizes went to Kushika Bahugana and Jarin Saba respectively. Both of them won wristwatches. Each of the participants was awarded a special prize.The painting competition was followed by the Master Chef cooking contest. Residents who love to cook and treat others, turned up in large numbers for the contest. for those who love to cook and treat others followed the painting competition.From delicacies like baked palak rice in pasta sauce to chicken momo , it was the great cooking competition saw the master chefs fight for top honours. Shipra Sen got the first prize winner for her delicious chicken momos. Priyanka Agarwal and Gayatri Panigrahi came a close second and third respectively. Chef Pradip Rozario, owner of KK's Fusion, had a tough time picking the best of the lotjudged them allConducted by actor Kanchana Moitra, next was the Made for Each Other contest for couples.that was conducted by actor Kanchana Moitra.It was great fun to see the couples as they tried out the 'compatibility test', which showed how much they knew each other. Couples through their acts also showed what they could do for each other. There was also scope to test what they could do for each other.While some sang for their spouse, some recited poetry, and some even proposed love. Couples were asked to perform for their soulmates and express their love for each other. The event turned out to be a fun-filled one. In this contest, Rupak Keshri had everyone in splits with the song 'Ati Kya Khandala' that he sang for his wife Reshmi. The Keshris took home the first prize.Times Tambola the most boisterous of the events, saw almost everyone participating. ResidentRita Myer hit gold by winning the first row and full house. The other winners were Nabanita Sen, Mitali Mukherjee and Deblina Sarkhel.There was a surprise in store with IFB chef Jhuma Burman baking a chocolate cake for the residents. The evening reached a crescendo with a performance by band Juvenile who regaled the audience with popular hindi songsIt was an evening to remember with everyone having a great time.The Times Evening, an event organized by The Times of India, was presented by Volkswagen in association with Club Mahindra Holidays, Colors, Medica Superspeciality Hospital and Aviva Life Insurance. The gala prizes were sponsored by Canon, IFB, Palki, Camarena, Propello Innovations Pvt Ltd, Sun-Kwik, Manyavar, Rolex Optical, Chowman and Tangerine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11855062", "title": "CBSE schools bridle against state control", "text": "KOCHI: State government rules do not apply to CBSE schools, managements of schools contended in the high court during a hearing on Friday. CBSE schools were challenging the rule brought in by the state government which demanded fresh no objection certificates (NOC) for running schools.Through an order issued on June 10, 2011, the government had restricted permission to run CBSE schools only to managements having three acres of land and a minimum of 300 students. But managements of St Peter's Central School at Kottarakkara, Mythri Vidya Bhavan at Chandrapini and Shanthiniketan Public School at Kodungalloor approached the high court challenging the NOC rule. The main contention of school managements is that they obeyed all guidelines that existed when they opened their schools and new guidelines do not have retrospective effect. They are also challenging the 300-student criteria, stating that the rule is applicable to schools with classes up to 10th standard.The managements challenged the restrictions, stating that they had already fulfilled the rules put forward by the CBSE. According to CBSE rules, only two acres of land is needed for running schools.Last week, the government informed the court that fresh NOCs had been made mandatory to ensure quality of service and infrastructure. Responding to petitions by CBSE schools, government counsel T T Muhamood submitted that the NOC rule brought forward in June last year because mushrooming of CBSE schools would badly affect the public education system.As many as 804 CBSE and 109 ICSE schools exist in Kerala, which is much higher when compared to other states. Kerala stands next to Uttar Pradesh, which has a population of 16 crore, when it comes to number of CBSE and ICSE schools functioning in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11855210", "title": "Parents see red over kid's admission", "text": "KOLKATA: A couple seeking admission of their child at a central Kolkata school has filed an FIR after the latter refused to return the demand draft - submitted to pay the admission fee - even after cancelling admission of the kid. The school offered to pay back in cash, but Md Nadeem and his wife Nahid Afroz Khan insisted on getting back the demand draft and accused the school of cheating them.The couple sought admission for their younger son Kaber Ahsan at St Joseph College in Bowbazar, where their elder son Altamas Nadeem studies in Class IIB. In the application form, they chose Bengali as the second language for their ward. Kaber was selected for admission to KG for the 2012-13 session after an interview session on December 17.\"Accordingly, we drew a bank draft worth Rs 23,125 at SBI, Colootola branch. The receipt of the admission fee through the draft was duly acknowledged by the school,\" said Nadeem. But on December 22, they were shocked to learn that their son's admission was cancelled because of discrepancy in forms filled before and after the admission. According to school authorities, the couple had chosen Bengali as the second language for their son prior to the admission but afterwards, they selected Hindi.\"We tried to explain that the error was inadvertent as we always wanted our son to choose Bengali as his second language since it is his mother tongue. Our elder son also has Bengali as his second language,\" said Nahid. Nadeem echoed, \"We kept requesting the principal for not jeopardizing the child's future for a small error committed by his parents. We have not applied to any other school for his admission.\"But the school's principal, J Banerjee, stuck to her decision and said the bank draft taken for admission would be returned. When the parents went to take back the demand draft, the school asked them to collect cash instead since the draft went missing. The parents, however, insisted on having the draft. When the school failed to provide it, Nadeem lodged a complaint with Bow Bazar police station.When contacted, Banerjee refused to comment. \"We will give explanation only to parents of the kid and to police,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11854999", "title": "BJP-Sena alliance favourite in bookie race", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite the incumbency factor and corruption allegations, the bookies are confident that the saffron-brigade is set to return to power in the civic polls scheduled for February 16. The bookies feel that the BJP-Sena combine would wrench the majority in the closely fought election against the Congress-Nationalist Congress Party-Lokmanch combine.In the recently released odds, the bookies have held BJP-Sena-RPI (Agadhi) alliance as clear favourites. Though there are differences among various groups, bookies feel BJP-Sena alliance is likely to score a win on minimum 58 seats and maximum 61. The equation of 58-61 is being offered as the odds in the bet for the punters believing in the saffron power.On the other hand, a section of bookies feel that the Congress-NCP-Lokmach would sweep a minimum of 47 seats and a maximum of 50. The odds for the Congress-NCP faction have been set at 47-50 as per their chances in winning the polls. The bookies feel that the rest of the seats may be shared by inconsequential others.Some feel that mayor Archana Dehenkar, BJP's candidate from Gandhi Sagar ward, has a poor chance of faring in the election with the anti-incumbency factor playing a strong role in her case. This has been challenged with another section of bookies offering a rate of 50p in Dehankar's favour. \"BJP top orders would not allow their mayor to sink and make an all out effort to pull her out of the crisis,\" insisted an experienced punter. Same is the case with standing committee chairman Sandip Joshi who is contesting from the jail ward against Congress' Munna Jaiswal. The bookies are offering a rate of 40p for Joshi.BJP's city president Anil Sole, also a mayoral candidate from Deekshabhoomi ward, is also among the top favourites of the bookies who are offering 20p for this sure-to-win candidate. Chetna Tank, a BJP candidate from Bhandewadi/Wardhaman Nagar, is also among the favourites with the bookies offering a rate of 40p.Another BJP candidate Anil Dhawad, contesting from Garoba Maidan, too is sure to win the elections, bookies say. Despite being slapped with preventive actions, Dhawad's odd is at 60p.The bookies are offering a rate of 50p for Congress candidate Abha Pandey contesting election from Maskasath prabhag. With number of rebels in fray, BJP's Narendra Borkar, alias Balya, has poor chances from Lakadganj ward, feel the bookies.\"There have been cases where some of the candidates have threatened the bookies not to open bad odds in their names but to project them as favourites. There are different groups of bookies who project candidates as favourites as per their own political affiliations,\" said a bookie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "11863937", "title": "Another Jorhat village to be declared tobacco-free", "text": "JORHAT: After Sahpuria village, another Jorhat hamlet is set to be declared a tobacco-free village. The district tobacco control cell, Jorhat has selected Pangiria village, about 10 km from Jorhat town, under Baghchung development block in the district to become Assam's second tobacco-free village. The district administration has also engaged an NGO to carry on the drive against tobacco consumption in the village.\"We are taking all the necessary steps to make the declaration soon and the NGO, Rural Health Society has also been engaged to carry out awareness campaigns among the villagers,\" Bhaktimoy Bhattacharya, the district tobacco control nodal officer said.He added, \"The village consists of 177 households belonging to the Ahom community with a total population of 948. Though most of them consumed tobacco with betel leaves, 80 per cent of the adult population has agreed to stop consuming tobacco and the other 20 per cent promised to leave the habit gradually after our repeated campaigns.\"\"We launched the drive against tobacco consumption in the village in November last year and organized several anti-tobacco campaigns here since then. Some organizations like Biswajyoti Yuba Sangha, Samaj Sewa Mahila Samiti, Pangiria Mahila Samiti and other women self help groups extended their support to us. We have already trained their members on the bad effects of tobacco consumption and have also gone on door-to-door visits to houses with an appeal to give up the use of tobacco so that their younger generations can be saved from this dreaded habit,\" Dharmeswar Gogoi, Rural Health Society president said.A survey has been conducted in the village to collect information regarding the use of tobacco from them. \"An anti-tobacco committee will also be formed in the village to prevent the villagers from consuming tobacco. The meeting to form the committee will be held on Wednesday,\" he added.Sahpuria gaon, on the outskirts of Jorhat town was declared as the country's first tobacco-free village in 2011. In 2009, Charaibahi high school was declared the first tobacco-free institution in the district. On January 26, 2012, 25 educational institutions were also declared tobacco-free in the district by the Jorhat administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11855287", "title": "Dowry death: 4 of family held", "text": "Noida: Four members of a family were arrested on the charges of dowry death on Saturday after a 23-year-old woman was found dead at her residence in Barola. The woman's in-laws allegedly strangulated her and attempted to make her death appear like a suicide, said cops.The woman's husband, his parents and brother have been arrested. The dead body of the woman, Rani, who was married two years ago, was allegedly discovered by her mother-in-law. \"The mother-in law claims that she saw Rani's body hanging from the ceiling from a window. But when police officials reached the house, they found the body on the bed,\" said a senior cop. Rani's in-laws claimed that the husband and wife had slept in different rooms after having a fight the previous night.The woman's family, however, alleges that she was murdered and her in-laws had been torturing her. \"Her in-laws were harassing her for dowry. We knew that she was unhappy,\" said Rani's father.According to cops, Rani's sister-in-law was supposed to get married on February 26 and her in-laws had demanded a gold chain from Rani's family. The body has been sent for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11855703", "title": "Khadim held for Mumbai businessman's murder", "text": "AJMER: The Dargah police on Saturday arrested Khadim Sayeed Arif Usmani for \"unintentionally\" murdering a Mumbai-based businessman, Janni Mohammad, a day ago.Mohammad, who came from Mumbai to take control of the hotel, had a conflict with Usmani, who was managing it till now.According to Dargah police, Janni's wife Jabonisa lodged the complaint stating that the accused knew it well that her husband was a heart patient. It was alleged that Usmani illegally took control of the hotel when Mohammad wanted to sell off the property.After the complaint, police sent Mohammad's body for autopsy. \"Doctors have put the autopsy findings on hold for now. We are also waiting to know the cause of death,\" said Hanumant Singh Bhati, SHO of Dargah station. After the postmortem, the body of Mohammad was handed over to his wife.According to police, Mohammed, a resident of Ammana Apartment, Asari Pada of Mumbai, had invested his money by purchasing hotel Darbar Palace in Dhan Mandi and sublet it to Khadim Sayeed Arif Usmani. For some years, Usmani paid the rent to Janni but stopped the payment later. Janni came to Ajmer and registered a complaint against Usmani.Police vacated the illegal possession of Usmani and gave the keys to Janni. On Friday, when Janni came back to open his hotel, a fight took place between the two. Usmani pushed and slapped Janni and he fell to the ground. He was rushed to hospital where he was declared dead. Sources said that Janni came with the intention to dispose the hotel in Ajmer and had also talked to some parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "azamgarh/ghazipur", "code": "11856598", "title": "Peaceful polling in Azamgarh and Ghazipur", "text": "AZAMGARH/GHAZIPUR: The second phase polling passed off peacefully in 10 constituencies of Azamgarh and seven of Ghazipur districts on Saturday except for a rumour of booth capturing in Mehnagar (SC) assembly seat.Long queues of voters, including women and first-timers, were seen at most of the places in both the districts. While Azamgarh district registered over 56% polling, Ghazipur district recorded over 60%. Both the districts recorded increase in polling perceantge as compared to 2007 assembly elections when Azamgarh district had polled 46% votes and Ghazipur district 47% votes.\"I am very happy to cast my vote for the first time,\" said a girl in Saraimeer of Azamgarh.Other first-time voters showed similar enthusiasm. Muslim women also came out in large numbers to vote. \"The women of our community are coming in good number for voting,\" said Haji Irfan Ahmed, a native of Mangrawan village in Mehnagar constituency in Azamgarh.The news of booth capturing at the Madrassa Arabia Qasimul Uloom polling centre of Mangrawan village left the officials panicky for some time. But they heaved a sigh of relief when it turned out to be a rumour. \"Don't know from where the rumour was generated. Everything is normal here,\" said a poll official.With the completion of the second phase of polling the fate of candidates, including the speaker of UP assembly Sukhdev Rajbhar, was sealed in the EVMs. While Azamgarh district had 147 candidates, Ghazipur district had 94 candidates in the political battle.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11856292", "title": "Trinamool can quit UPA any time: Jaitely", "text": "LUCKNOW: Leader of opposition in the Rajya Sabha and a senior BJP leader Arun Jaitley said that UPA government has become weak because Trinamool Congress, an ally of the ruling UPA government, can part with the government any time due to its differences with the UPA on several issues.Jaitley, who was addressing a meeting in support of the BJP candidate Vidya Sagar Gupta in Jankipuram area of the city here on Saturday, Trinamool Congress, who is with the BJP on the issue of foreign direct investment (FDI) in retail sector, can take a decision to bid adieu to the UPA any time because of the anti-people policies of the Congress party. The BJP leader said that the SP and the BSP have no policies and programmes either for the development of the state or for the welfare of the people except playing 'caste politics'. He said that the Congress led UPA government is surviving by benefitting from the weakness of these parties.Speaking on the issue of terrorism, Jailtley said that Indian Mujahideen module, responsible for the Batla House incident, is another face of SIMI. No terrorist incident took place after the Batla House incident because the security agencies and the police had pulverized the terrorist organisation involved in the Batla House terrorist activity, he said.He said that the BJP is competent to give a clean and corruption free government and the NDA government headed by Atal Bihari Vajpayee bears testimony to this fact where not a single minister was ever accused of being involved in any type of corruption. \"Bihar is another example which proves that the BJP believes in development.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11854451", "title": "Licence of corrupt fair price shop owner cancelled", "text": "GONDIA: Villagers of Powaritola in Gondia district ended their eight-day long relay hunger strike after their demand for cancellation of licences of the dealer of kerosene and fair price shop on grounds of corruption was conceded.Under the auspices of Bhrashtachar Nirmulan Samiti (Anna) Gondia, the villagers started hunger strike on February 4 in front of local tehsil office to press the demand for cancelling Yograj Shahare's licence as they had not received their quota of foodgrains from his shop from November 2011. However, following the suspension of his kerosene permit and cancellation of fair price shop they withdrew agitation on Friday.For quite a long time, the villagers of Powaritola had not been receiving their regular supply of foodgrains and kerosene as Yograj was black-marketing these commodities. In spite of several complaints to the officers concerned, no action was taken against him, as, apparently, the authorities were hand-in-glove with him. The villagers then contacted Bhrashtachar Nirmulan Samiti (Anna) and the issue was entrusted to one its activists Deepak Dohare.A memorandum was submitted to the tehsildar of Gondia on January 27, signed by over 75 villagers. They said that they were starting a relay hunger strike in front of the office of the tehsildar from February 4. As no cognizance was taken, the hunger strike started. Ultimately, on February 9, the district supply officer (DSO) of Gondia issued orders of suspension of licence of kerosene, cancellation of permit for fair price shop and forfeiting the security deposit of Shahare. This decision was conveyed to villagers on February 10 following which they withdrew the agitation.The DSO has further directed the tehsildar to reallocate these customers to some other shops immediately so that they could get foodgrains immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11854441", "title": "A mystic speaks", "text": "Like ancient banyan trees and classical music, some things remain forever. The poetry of Kabir is one such. This mystic poet-considered a crackpot by some, a saint by others- resides somewhere in the residual consciousness of most Indians, thanks to an Amar Chitra Katha, or a grandmother reciting his memorable two-liners late at night, or a Kumar Gandharva nirguni bhajan that lingers long after it was heard.But sometimes, an intervention is also required to resurrect what lies beneath. This is what the Kabir Festival (Feb 17-19) has attempted to do-through folk music, films and storytelling but, above all, by being utterly inclusive and free to the public, unlike many Sufi music festivals that have turned almost into fashion statements for elite communities seeking a bit of musical and spiritual redemption. Priti Turakhia, one of the forces behind the festival, says, \"We plan to put up stickers on rickshaws and other such spots so that people from all walks of life can participate in the message of Kabir\"-underlining with her words the essence of the poet who challenged social hierarchy and hegemony.Last year, when the festival first took place, and the mesmerising Prahlad Tipanya, a Kabir folk singer from Malwa, was singing in the Bandra amphitheatre, a number of children from the nearby slums had sauntered in to listen. Responding to his singing, which has a peculiar gut-grabbing rhythmic quality, two young kids got up and started to dance. Gradually, others followed, and soon many were dancing with the abandon that makes you forget yourself and achieve a semblance of what the 15th-century poet was trying to create.Not surprisingly, the festival has steered away from the traditional limitations of sponsorship and venue, seeking instead to have many smaller gatherings or performances in schools, colleges, children's NGOs and bookstores across the city. Next week, for example, Prahlad Tipanya and Bhanvari Devi (a folk singer from Rajasthan who sings from behind a veil) will sing at the Shishuvan school in Matunga, while Mukhtiar Ali (a sufi singer from the Thar Desert) will perform in the Somaiya College auditorium. The next morning, the folk singers will do a session at IIT Powai. Three sisters will conduct a story, singing and dance session on Kabir at Kitabkhana, an independent bookstore in Fort. Reaching an entirely different audience, Mukhtiar Ali will sing at Urdu Markaz in Bhendi Bazaar. The story-tellers will also do a workshop at an orphanage in South Mumbai.Rather than rely only on corporate sponsors and ticketing, the festival has decided to involve people genuinely interested in Kabir and music. So a growing community of neo-bhakts has started making small donations, volunteering time and offering its members' homes for workshops or 'satsangs' where the artistes teach music or talk about Kabir-unravelling how his poetry cuts to the chase, decimates intellectual pretension and challenges pre-conceived ideas of religion. In fact, the festival organisers believe that though separated by more than five centuries, the society Kabir lived in and challenged is not so different from the one that pervades today-a society filled with religious disharmony, hatred, greed and social stratification. With the human condition unlikely to change, Kabir's poetry merits, and will perhaps always merit, repetition.Apart from individual donors, the festival is supported by the Mahindra group and Kiran Bajaj's Shabnam Foundation, which seeks to promote and spread Hindi language and literature. A key artiste behind the festival-and the message-who will perform at the Yeshwant Chavan Auditorium on Feb 17 with other folk musicians is Shabnam Virmani, a scholar who has been putting together the Kabir Project, a remarkable and ongoing journey that has documented folk artistes singing Kabir and other Bhakti and Sufi poetry in South Asia. The Kabir Project presented its journeys through CDs and films and continues to work with communities, exploring how Kabir's poetry continues to intersect with ideas of cultural identity, secularism, religion, death and impermanence, especially finding knowledge in folk and oral knowledge systems.One of the most interesting aspects of the Kabir Project-and one that finds resonance in the Mumbai Kabir festival-is the interaction with students and schools. In two government schools in Dewas, Madhya Pradesh, children are learning to sing the songs of the Benaras mystic, play instruments and engage with the poetry in a non-pedantic and lively manner. If such interventions were to take place, even if gradually, in city schools, the dreaded exam fever and numbers game might just cease to take its toll on thousands of little minds.(For more information check www.thekabirfest.com)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11861706", "title": "Britain gets first 'male mother'", "text": "LONDON: A British woman, who had a sex change surgery, has become the country's first and world's third \" male mother\".The man, who is in his 30s, gave birth last year after having hormone treatment to reactivate his womb but the story was confirmed recently, the Mail Online reported today.The man, whose womb was not removed during the original sex change operation, beacme only the third man in world to have done this.Joanna Darrell, of the Beaumont Society transgender support group, said that the man had asked about the health implications of keeping his womb and what surgery he could have before it became impossible to carry a baby.\"He got back in touch about six months ago to thank the society for its help and to say he had had the baby,\" Darrell said.The baby is thought to have been delivered by caesarean section but it is possible the man retained the ability to give birth naturally.Darrell believes he is the first British man to have given birth. \"As far as we know there is only him, one man in American and one in Spain who have done this,\" she said.The man is following in the footsteps of American Thomas Beatie , who became the world's first pregnant man in 2007 and has since given birth to three children.The Beaumont Society is the oldest transgender support group in the country, having been set up in 1966.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11855650", "title": "MPs not bothered about national interests: Shobha", "text": "MANGALORE: Minister for power, and food and civil supplies Shobha Karandlaje expressed concern over missing of Jammu and Kashmir and some other parts of eastern India in the official world map available in the market.Blaming members of parliament for not raising voice against the issue in the Lok Sabha, Shobha questioned: \"Did any MP raise this issue and discuss it in the Parliament ever?\" she asked. Speaking at the inauguration of Veerarani Abbakka Utsav 2012 in Someshwar near Mangalore on Saturday, Shobha blamed that leaders were engaged in fights only to ensure their seats.\"Leaders fought only to grab government land. There were no efforts on part of leaders to protect our land. There are worms of naxalism and terrorism within our state and they are not targeting cities and creating fear in people's mind,\" she said.On history of Rani Abbakka, who fought against the Portuguese in 1621, Shobha said that Rani Abbakka was the first warrior in the nation to wage war against foreign invasions. \"People in India still believe that revolt of 1857 is the beginning of Indian freedom movement. It is not true. In fact, the real freedom movement had begun under the leadership of Rani Abbakka more than 200 years before the mutiny of 1857. However, it is unfortunate that the contributions of Rani Abbakka to the nation have not been highlighted in history properly,\" Shobha said adding that more awareness should be created among youth on history of Rani Abbakka.\"Prepare an action plan to make Veerarani Abbakka Utsav a national festival. Government will be open to support and sanction sufficient funds,\" she added.Mangalore MLA UT Khader flagged off the colourful folk procession, Anitha Surendrakumar of Dharmasthala inaugurated the sessions and veteran folk artist Korapolu opened two-day cultural programmes as part of the Veerarani Abbakka Utsav. MP Nalin Kumar Kateel presided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11855467", "title": "Non-forest Amritsar leads in forest cover in Punjab, says report", "text": "AMRITSAR: If Punjab heads the list of 15 states which have seen a growth in the forest cover, it's Amritsar district that has gained maximum forest cover in the state in the last two years. It has 6.12% of its land that is \" forest area\" in revenue records.The biennial India state of forest report, 2011, reveals that Amritsar, which is a non-forest district, has gained 16 square km of forest cover.As per the report, the forest cover in the district has increased from 3,458 acres in 2009 to 3,522 acres in 2011. Next comes, Hoshiarpur and Roopnagar districts, which have around 20% area under forest. Both these districts have gained forest cover of only 3-4 square km each. Districts including Muktsar, Mansa and Barnala have gained even less than 3 sq km of forest cover.The Amritsar pollution control committee chairman and president of Khudia Khidmatgaran, an NGO, PS Bhatti said it was interesting that in North, Amritsar district had a lead in the forest cover even though it was a non-forest district and with least government resources for forestation.According to Bhatti, massive plantation campaigns in last four years has led to this turnaround.\"A huge campaign during last four years led to plantation of 21 lakh of trees in the district out of the total plantation of near about 1.18 crore since 1969 to 2011. This plantation of lakhs of trees through the successful implantation of MG-NREGA in the district has added to the forest cover,\" said Bhatti.He added that the efforts to involve the military authorities and NGOs also paid good dividends by planting a million trees in the military area of the city.During the last four years the involvement of schools through green Amritsar campaign was a major step in this direction, said Bhatti.Plantation of at least 10 trees on every tubewell by farmers and compulsory forestation around village water supply tanks added to the Forest Cover.The report shows that the Punjab heads the list of 15 states which have seen a net growth of 500 square km in forest cover whereas Andhra Pradesh leads the list of 12 states whose forest cover has fallen by 867 square km since 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11858672", "title": "Look your best on Valentine's Day", "text": "We all want to look fabulous on Valentine's Day. So, whether you plan on dining at a fancy, romantic restaurant or plan to hit the 'hot and happening' venues with your Valentine, opt for apparel that conveys the sentiment - but doesn't go overboard. Shilpa Pandya explains how.Valentine's Day is all about love and romance; logically it follows that your special plans for the day would include having the right outfit. \"It has to convey the sentiment, without going over-board, because it is about romance and love,\" says designer Sapna Pandya-Bakshi. \"It has to be about dressing festively for the occasion without seeming too cheesy,\" adds Mayuri Rathod, a suburban teenager. \"The norm suggests Reds and Pinks, but dressing right this Valentine's Day is way beyond just that,\" say the designer sisters, Riddhi &amp; Siddhi, who work under the label, 'MapxencaRS'. \"February is the month of romance and love. For an elaborate Valentine's Day celebration, the best option would be a textured, single colour gown made from Chiffon or Satin Silk. For a cocktail party, the ideal option would be a short, tailored dress of Taffeta or Thick Satin Silk.\"Popular trends this year lean towards lace, blush-hues, pearls and shimmer, says Mayuri Rathod. The displays at various outlets as also designer wear on offer suggest that the ideal outfit for Valentine's Day won't be about the 'standard' red and pink -- unless one goes all out and opt for feminine pieces, hints of crimson and powdery pink, sparkly jewellery, bows and 'illuminating' make-up,\" she points out.Zarna Savla, a fashion design student says females should show their 'feminine side' this Valentine's Day, by wearing a cute skirt teamed with a halter, neck shirt or a spaghetti top. \"Choose soothing colours, such as baby pink, white, baby blue, sea green, etc. One option would be to opt for a outfit in bright red colour, so long as it suits you,\" she says.Zarna suggests making a fashion statement this Valentine's Day by accentuating your facial features: apply different make-up than what you usually do, get a new hairstyle. \"Be very sure about what suits you, as trying something new that doesn't suit you may end up being a disaster - Valentine's Day is not the right time for experiments,\" she adds.Opt for footwear that is in sync with your outfit - but be careful. If you are going to be out the whole day, for instance, have mercy on your feet and opt for medium or low heels, says Zarna. \"You can also opt for flat sandals in metallic shades that look amazingly stylish and are very comfortable. Stilettos are best only for a sitdown party, such as a lunch or dinner,\" she adds.While deciding on the dress for the Valentine's Day party you will attend, says Riddhi and Siddhi, remember that you have to choose a style that flatters your figure/physique and enhances your best features. \"Take sufficient time, and choose the right style. Do not pick just any dress in haste and feel bad about it later on. Rather, explore each and every option you have and then settle for the best,' say the designer sisters.\"This Valentine's Day, you can mix and match different styles and then go for the one that you feel is not only comfortable, but stylish as well. Make sure that it reflects your individual style. Your choice of dress should also depend on the kind of party you are going to attend. If it is a formal party, then your dress should have to be completely formal, while informal attire is just apt for a get together with close friends.\"Simple, sober and smart will definitely reflect your attitude.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11854802", "title": "Talks on to resolve nurses\u2019 stir", "text": "KOCHI: The talks initiated by labour minister Shibu Baby John on Saturday to settle the nurses' strike at Lakeshore Hospital and MOSC Medical College will continue today.Hospital managements and nurses' associations will deliberate on the payment package put forward by the labour department officials and inform their decision on Sunday.For the MOSC nurses, the minister suggested a formula that would ensure minimum wages of Rs 8,662 for those with one year experience, Rs 10,000 for those with more than a years' experience, Rs 10,500 (5-7 years) and Rs 11,500 (7-10 years).The nurses' union and the management of Lakeshore Hospital also discussed the revised payment package, and agreed to some points.The relay fast by nurses in both hospitals continued on Saturday too as the strike gained momentum with the support of other trade unions. CITU Poonithura unit staged a protest march to Lakeshore Hospital to extend support to the nurses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11863786", "title": "TOI holds SMS Valentine's contest", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Times of India, along with L Gopal Jewellers, has organized an SMS contest to help you express your love this Valentine's Day . All you need to do is type your message, along with the recipient's and sender's names, and send it to 58888. You can also email it to timesguwahati@gmail.com.The top ten answers will win prizes and the 60 best entires will be published in TOI. We are being supported by Big 92.7 FM, Ramdhenu, News Live, Resource Indica, Hotel Gateway Grandeur and Candid 24+7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11854734", "title": "Treasurers of yore, now key to political fortune", "text": "PANAJI: They reportedly constitute over 30% of Goa's Hindu population and play a major role in deciding the future of any political party.The word Bhandari traces its root to the Sanskrit word 'Mandharak',says Vishnu Wagh, a community leader, BJP spokesperson and the party's St Andre candidate. \"The traditional occupation of this community is toddy-tapping. But, there is another element as well. They are also people who come under the warrior class who were given charge of looking after the state treasury,\" Wagh said.\"War was fought only during a certain season during the year. During the monsoon, people took up farming and other works. Goa has a coastline and with it lots of coconut trees. Hence, Bhandaris in Goa took up toddy tapping. Elsewhere, such as in Karnataka, Maharashtra and Kerala, the community - which is known by other names -did the same. In Goa, the community's deity is Rudreshwar with its temple at Sanquelim,\" he said.Political cloutToday, the Bhandari community has eight MLAs in the Goa legislative assembly - six in the BJP and two in the Congress. The big names from the community who wield political clout are Subhash Shirodkar, Shripad Naik and Ravi Naik.While Shirodkar was made president of the Goa Pradesh Congress Committee for two terms, Shripad Naik made the BJP think twice after it ignored him for a place in Goa's politics.Post-1961, the Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) heavily banked on the Bhandari community to hold on to power. After the MGP's fortunes waned, the community is now split between the national parties - Congress and BJP - while a small percentage still back the MGP in a couple of constituencies in Ponda taluka. In 1990, Bhandari leader Ravi Naik broke away from the MGP and joined the Congress. Since then, the party has been winning a sizable chunk of Bhandari votes. The early 90s saw the emergence of new Bhandari leaders like Shripad Naik and Subhash Shirodkar. The community has also been witnessing upward mobility and are found holding government jobs today.The upcoming polls on March 3 has seen both the Congress and the BJP wooing the Bhandari community, and are fielding candidates from the community in seats where they have a sizable population.After the BJP initially denied Shripad Naik a place in local politics, the party was quick to get into damage-control mode stating that a good number of seats had been given to Bhandari candidates. Congress' Rajya Sabha MP Shantaram Naik was quick to latch onto BJP's snub to Shripad and lambasted the party for being upper caste centric and stifling leaders from the Bhandari community. The BJP was quick to respond and asked the Congress as to which Bhandari leader was made chief minister during its rule during the last 10 years.Unusual CasesIronically, the constituencies which have the largest Bhandari population do not have a Bhandari MLA as their representative. Marcaim, Priol and Mayem are all represented by non-Bhandaris. \"It shows that caste is not a factor in Goa's politics. Merit, money and muscle power play a major role instead,\" says Wagh.\"It also depends on the performance of the candidate,\" adds Lavu Mamledar, a community leader and MGP candidate for Ponda. \"I do not think politics should be on the lines of religion, caste and creed. Mayem has such a large population of Bhandaris, but it has never had a Bhandari MLA,\" he claimed.Prosperity vs PovertyBoth, Mamledar and Wagh, say that politicians have let the community down severely. \"Political leaders have used Bhandaris for welfare of self and not the community. Bhandaris are only wanted during election time,\" said Mamledar.\"They gold less than 20% of government jobs. The standard of living of the community is not very high. Previously, unemployment was high. Now, many are employed but they do not have quality unemployment due to which many are leading a hand-to-mouth existence,\" Wagh says.Dattaprasad Naik, 33, is among the young leaders representing Gen-Next of the Bhandari community. His father Madhukar is president of the Akhil Gomantak Bhandari Samaj. Naik, who is among the youngest candidates of the BJP, is contesting the Taleigao seat in the upcoming election. \"Frankly, the younger generation of Bhandaris do not see any hope in the present leaders. Nobody has worked for the community but only for themselves and their own families,\" he says.Rudresh Chodankar, deputy mayor of Panaji and a Congress-NCP ticket aspirant for Mayem, hesitated to comment whether the Bhandari community has been let down by its leaders but said that education would play a key role to uplift the community. \"Once you are educated, no leader can take you for a ride. Education was lacking in the community a few years ago, especially in the villages, but that is improving now. It's not just the Bhandaris, I feel Goa is still lacking behind in education. All Goans should strive to improve the level of education,\" Chodankar said.On if the community had aspirations of a Bhandari chief minister, Mamledar chose not to answer, while Wagh said, \"I think every community will have its aspirations.\"BJP Taleigao candidate Naik said, \"Everyone was happy when Ravi Naik became the chief minister, but we have been let down.\" Chodankar said that the community would consider the person's capabilities. \"Personally, I would consider the merit of a person. It is more important than caste. We need persons who have a vision for Goa,\" he said.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11855637", "title": "System to aid fishermen record their activities", "text": "MANGALORE: The Community Based Fish Catch Monitoring (CBFCM) System, a novel initiative by the College of Fisheries, Mangalore will help fishermen monitor their work quantitatively and qualitatively so that they are in a position to improve their working conditions and earnings.The college in association with a Bangalore-based NGO, Dakshin Foundation, will train fishermen in coastal Karnataka under the new system.Through the co-management monitoring system, fishermen will be able to keep a record of their day-to-day work. The college team has already trained 20 fishermen in Meenakaliya in Mangalore on a pilot basis. In the beginning the volunteers from the NGO and the college will train fishermen, who have traditional and mechanised boats, to maintain log books.Information including quantity of fish catch, variety of fish, number of men worked, total expenses towards diesel and wage, and price they got for the catch will be recorded in the book regularly. Ramachandra Bhatta, professor of fisheries economics of the college STOI that the exercise was aimed at helping fishermen have a clear picture of their work.\"Usually most fishermen do not keep a record of their daily routine, and hence, they are not in a position to analyze their work quantitatively and qualitatively. The CBFCM will solve this issue,\" he said.\"One more advantage is that the move will help fisheries department and other government agencies to conduct surveys on fishing conditions in the coastal Karnataka districts. The programme will be extended to other large and small fishing villages in Uttara Kannada, Udupi and Dakshina Kannada districts soon,\" Ramachandra added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11855953", "title": "To catch a hurting star", "text": "Last Monday, as news broke in India about star cricketer Yuvraj Singh's fight against germ cell cancer in the US, 15-year-old Himani Singh died of bone cancer, unnoticed, in her village Dholakuan in Himachal Pradesh. She was the badminton state champion in the under-13 and under-14 categories.Himani didn't stand much chance of surviving, or even asking for financial aid, because her disease was diagnosed too late. But even if she had time on her side, would she have been flooded with offers of aid like Yuvi has? More likely she would have been kept waiting with promises just the way former kabaddi player Jaspreet Kaur, who is confined to a wheelchair after a rough tackle in a 2001 championship, was. Or treated the way former national gymnast D Ananth Rao, paralyzed neck-down after a spinal cord injury in 2010, is.Now bedridden, 23-year-old Ananth, the son of an autorickshaw driver, bursts into tears when asked about his plight: \"When my parents are struggling to eke out a livelihood, where can they get money for my treatment in Bangalore or Mumbai?\" he asks.The government claims to have done its bit, though. K Suresh, assistant director, department of youth services and sports in Mysore district, says: \"We have spent Rs 3.50 lakh on Ananth's medical expenses and have also sent recommendation for a monthly pension. We have recommended to the government to provide him a suitable job.\"Even if the governments mean well, their hands are tied - in red tape and rules. In some cases, they simply don't care. Earlier, chances of getting financial aid were pretty slim, even for heroes like Dhyan Chand who nearly died in the general ward of AIIMS. Another former hockey wizard, Gopal Bhengra, who played in the 1978 World Cup, now lives in a hut in a Jharkhand village. \"For the last 10 years, I have been getting Rs 10,000 from Sunil Gavaskar every month. The government never came forward to help,\" he says. Former ace striker Sahu Mewalal, who gave India the football gold at the 1951 Asian Games, was refused admission in a Kolkata railway hospital not long before he died of kidney failure and penury in 2008.To be fair, the Union sports ministry loosened its purse strings in 2008 and enhanced the pension and ex-gratia amounts, introducing key changes in the National Welfare Fund for Sportspersons rules. That probably helped former India goalkeeper Baljit Singh to some extent after he suffered a critical eye injury at a training camp in 2009.\"I was operated upon in AIIMS and later on even went to the US after the sports ministry agreed to bear the cost. But midway through my treatment, I was called back and asked to get treatment in India,\" he says. The government reportedly spent Rs 55 lakh for his treatment. Baljit now plays in domestic tournaments and will be part of the World Series Hockey from February 29.Even with such official generosity, many deserving candidates fall through the cracks. Cricketer Abhimanyu Narayan Dev of Jharkhand is grappling with kidney and lung problems. As vice-captain, he had led the country to victory in the second Deaf World Cup in November 2005 in Lucknow, and then to the finals of Deaf Asia Cup in 2007. Abhimanyu's schoolteacherfather says he has spent Rs 19.48 lakh on his son's treatment. \"The CM's secretariat after receiving my application for financial support forwarded it to the sports department on December 24, 2011. But I have received neither a single penny nor any assurance from the department,\" he says.Former hockey player Savitri Purty, who represented India at the 1986 Asian Games, was luckier. She underwent thyroid surgery in 1989, losing her chance to play in the 1990 Asian Games. \"The Sports Authority of India compensated me for my personal expenses as the state (then Bihar) had no policy for supporting sportspersons at that time,\" she says.But then it's rare for states to have such provisions. Even the sports departments of Haryana and Punjab, which are quick to dole out bounty when players win medals, pass the buck to respective associations and federations. It's left to the discretion of the chief minister in Haryana, and the director, sports, in Punjab, to decide which player deserves compensation.Kerala is an exception. It provides medical insurance to those who attend state-level sporting events, and even to junior athletes. In case of injuries at a camp or during a meet, the State Sports Council and the government provide additional cover.Cover or not, what every sportsperson wants to do is return to the field. As Baljit Singh says: \"We are sports people. What else can we do apart from play?\"With inputs from Gaurav Kanthwal in Chandigarh; R Uday Kumar in Bangalore; Jaideep Deogharia and Sanjay Ojha in Ranchi; Anand Bodh in Shimla; Vineeth Krishnan in Kochi, and Arup Chatterjee in Kolkata", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "11855795", "title": "Vegetarian himself, he owns a thriving kebab eatery", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: Thirty one-year-old Gaurav Paul Vig always wanted to write his own success story. For this, he decided to break away from the family business of manufacturing shawls, which the Vigs have been running successfully since pre-Partition days, and became a florist. After succeeding in that, he opened an eating joint, 'Curry Kebab', on January 26.\"I have a list of 13 special kinds of kebabs in my menu. Along with it, we offer special chicken pickle from Dhalli near Parwanoo in Himachal Pradesh. In this short span, I have more than 30 visitors every day and the number is increasing with every passing day,\" said Gaurav.The journey from leaving his ancestral business to owning his own flower shop and kebab corner was not easy for Gaurav, a resident of Sarabha Nagar, as after having done a diploma in mechanical engineering in 2001, he started a business of flowers by opening a shop, Valentina Flower Point, in Sarabha Nagar . After having established this business, he decided to do his BSc in interior designing in 2007.However, after having created a name for himself, he was itching to do something better and joined his brother's catering company.\"Joining the company was not a decision without motive as I wanted to set up my own eating joint,\" said Gaurav. But things were not simple. He wanted to set up an eating joint offering special kebabs and his family, mostly vegetarian, objected to it. He finally succeeded in convincing them, as his mother Chand Kiran and elder brother, Vikas Paul, who are the only ones who eat non-vegetarian food in the family, sided with him.He's a vegetarianHe might be running a kebab eatery, but Gaurav is a vegetarian and it's his mother and brother who taste the dishes and give feedback. He also dreams of starting a cocktail and wine bar in the city. \"I will set up this cocktail bar by the year 2013 and wine bar by 2014,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11855850", "title": "Politics keeps airport \u2018grounded\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City's quest to mark its presence on international flight map appears to have been smitten by \"political\" bug. In December 2011, just before announcement of elections in Punjab, chief minister Parkash Singh Badal had written to Centre to accord necessary approvals for starting an international flight from Chandigarh.However, no positive signal has been received from the Centre in the past two months. Sources confirmed that operation of international flight would depend upon the result of Punjab assembly polls, which would be announced in March. It also added that the issue has taken political colours and everyone wants to take political mileage for the international flight.Airports Authority of India (AAI) had decided to start international flight from its newly-opened domestic terminal at Chandigarh airport till the time work at Mohali international airport is completed.For that, in October 2011 Air Arabia airlines offered to start Sharjah-Chandigarh-Sharjah flight thrice a week and the timings of the flight were also decided, according to which flight would reach at 5.10pm at Chandigarh and would take off at 5.50pm for Sharjah.Even status of customs airport was also accorded to the local airport by the Union ministry of finance, which is a mandatory for launching international air operations. However, the flight could not be launched because of some more necessary approvals from the ministry of defence (MOD) and director general civil aviation (DGCA).When asked for the reasons of such unprecedented and unending delay of launching the international flight from city, director of Chandigarh Airport, Captain H S Toor, said large number of formalities are required for the international flights. \"I know there is delay in launching international flights, but standard procedure in accordance with the law of land is to be followed before a final permission,\" Toor added.Lapsing deadlinesJuly 2009 | AAI announced to launch Chandigarh-Dubai flight but the same was cancelled due to poor infrastructureAugust 2009 | A private airline backed out because of non-availability of required infrastructureApril 2011 | The new terminal was made operational but was delayed againOctober 2011 | Air Arabia offered to start Sharjah-Chandigarh-Sharjah flight but it failed to startNovember 15, 2011 | Timings were also scheduled, but no sign of operationDecember 25, 2011 | Sale of ticket was expected to start but no resultsThe problemChandigarh airport is mainly a defence airfield and any foreign aircraft can land here only after getting clearance from MoD, which is pending. DGCA can give approval only after the green signal from MoD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11855407", "title": "Congress urges EC to debar Mayawati aide from visiting Gandhi pocketborough", "text": "NEW DELHI: The unceasing tension between Congress and BSP spiked on Saturday with Congress urging the Election Commission (EC) to debar a senior BSP minister and close aide of UP CM Mayawati from visiting the Gandhi family stronghold of Rae Bareli and Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Nagar (Amethi), and seeking the transfer of district magistrate of Rae Bareli.Congress submitted a complaint to the EC, accusing Swamy Prasad Maurya and DM Amrita Soni of \"seeking to influence voters in favour of non-Congress parties, especially BSP and SP\".AICC legal cell head Abhishek Singhvi said Maurya should be barred from visiting Rae Bareli since officials were working under his pressure.The complaint comes in the wake of controversy over Robert Vadra's mobike rally being stopped, which increased the unrest in Congress ranks.Singhvi alleged the administration was under the state government's instruction and it was not giving timely permissions for Congress meetings, especially those to be held by Priyanka Gandhi. He said many of the programmes were given green signal just an hour before the scheduled commencement.In memorandums, Congress named officials in Rae Bareli and Amethi who were obstructing party workers in Gauriganj, Jagdishpur and Oonachahar among other places. It sought their immediate transfer. \"If no transfer was done immediately, there will be irreversible damage to the fair election process,\" Singhvi said.The party also demanded that the EC reschedule polls in Dudhi assembly seat in Sonbhadra, where the nomination of Congress candidate Vijay Singh Gond was rejected, since the HC had already stayed the \"unfair\" decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11855205", "title": "\u2018Poll panel must change booths in prabhag 27\u2019", "text": "NASHIK: Upholding the writ petition filed by contestants of prabhag 27 of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) that some of the polling booths are likely to influence the electors at the time of casting their votes, the Bombay High Court has asked the state election commission to act immediately on relocating the booths in a fair manner or the court will have to pass an appropriate order on February 13.The contestants of prabhag 27-Sunanda Barve and Satish Shukla from the BJP and Meena Chaudhary and Ankush Pawar from the MNS-had objected to marking of eight polling centres in a manner that they were concentrated in a particular area-the stronghold of contestant Shahu Khaire from the Congress.The appellants had filed objection to marking of the polling booths in the properties which are housed in the institutions which belong to a contestant.But they were overruled by the election officer. This further forced the appellants to file a writ in the high court.Hearing the matter, Justices A M Khanwilkar and N M Jamdar ruled that no election officer must act in such a manner that the situation was likely to influence the voters.Also, though the properties where the current polling booths are placed belong to the NMC, polling booths cannot be marked there even if they have been given on lease to any organisation which is under the influence of the contestant, C G Gavnekar, advocate for the petitioners, argued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11855081", "title": "Tamil Nadu assembly to ban cellphones", "text": "CHENNAI: Call it collateral effect from an episode in a neighbouring state or just a coincidence. The Tamil Nadu assembly is likely to bar MLAs from carrying mobile phones inside the House.Highly placed sources said rules in this regard were being drafted. The move assumes significance coming just days after three BJP ministers were found watching porn clips on their handsets in the Karnataka assembly.But sources in the Tamil Nadu government scotched such speculation, pointing out that the proposed ban was a sequel to the suspension of DMK legislator T R B Raaja, son of the former union minister T R Baalu , from the assembly after he was found recording the House proceedings on his handset.The new rules in the Tamil Nadu assembly will apply to officials as well as media personnel. At present, MLAs and other officials are allowed to carry mobile phones inside the assembly hall but are strictly prohibited from using them. Now even carrying mobile phones inside the House is sought to be prohibited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11855248", "title": "UP polls: Ramps, Braille ballots for disabled", "text": "Noida: With the Assembly elections approaching, the Gautam Budh Nagar district administration has drawn up measures to make polling booths disabled-friendly. Booths will be equipped with facilities like ramps and Braille ballot papers for the visually impaired. Officials on poll duty will assist senior citizens and women in casting their vote.District magistrate Hirdesh Kumar- also the returning electoral officer - said, an elevated ramp for the physically-challenged will be set up at all booths across the three constituencies of the district. No polling booth will be set up above the ground floor in a building with no lift. \"For the first time, ballot papers with the Braille script will be available,\" Kumar said. Polling booths will also sport sheds, facilities for drinking water and washrooms. \"Disabled voters will not be asked to wait in long queues,\" said Kumar.Volunteers will be roped in to help the elderly and the physically challenged cast their ballot. \"Instructions have been issued to allow such citizens to cast their vote out of the queue. Polling staff and forces deployed at the stations have also been directed to such voters in the best possible way,\" said the DM. \"Long queues irk pregnant women, physically-challenged and senior citizens,\" he said.Meanwhile, in order to create awareness among new voters, a series of events are being held at colleges and institutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11858552", "title": "Comedian Mahmood's son Mansoor launches album", "text": "Mansoor Mahmood has launched his debut album Sabrina with Yellow and Red Music at Raheja Classic club in Andheri West.This album has nine tracks composed by Mansoor only with lyrics by Aslam Noor .This album is dedicated to my dad late Mahmood , my daughter Sabrina and other kids of the world staying in broken family said by Mansoor.Shobha Khote who has worked with Mahmood in maximum movies was the chief guest who released the audio.The album is made by Naushad and Shubhjyoti of 3rd Dimension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "11854504", "title": "Body found in harbour", "text": "VASCO: A body was found floating in the waters of berth no 6 at Mormugao harbour on Saturday morning. Mormugao police said it could not be identified and is presently preserved at Hospicio hospital, Margao. Police suspect that the body has been in the water for a couple of days. They suspect this to be a drowning case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11853836", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan doing well post-surgery", "text": "MUMBAI: Actor Amitabh Bachchan underwent a hernia surgery at SevenHills Hospital in Marol on Saturday. After the operation, he has been doing well, going by the tweets posted by his son, Abhishek, and later, the actor himself.A nagging pain in the abdomen had prompted Bachchan to visit the hospital when doctors told him that surgical intervention was inevitable.Though the hospital management and the Bachchan family remained tight-lipped about the actor's medical condition, TOI learnt from a source that he was operated upon for bilateral inguinal hernia. It's a condition of protrusion of soft tissue through a weak spot in the abdominal wall, causing pain and bulge in some cases.Bachchan was wheeled into the operation theatre at 9am for his fourth surgery. Though doctors said it was a \"minor\" operation, it lasted for nearly four hours. Soon after, Abhishek tweeted, \"Thank you all for your wishes and prayers. The surgery went off well and dad is now in the resting room\". Later, he told reporters doctors had kept him under observation for 24 hours. \"He is fine and is walking inside the room.\"At night, Bachchan himself was back on the micro-blogging site, posting: \"Back ..!! Thank you for your prayers.. your love and wishes never fail.. indebted for life...\" \"Took almost 5 hrs on the OT, but could feel the concern and wishes of the TwFmXt every minute .. .\" \"Took long because 2 surgeries had to be done on either side ..yes there is pain, but nothing good in life ever achieved without it!\" The actor, who is admitted to a suit on the fifth floor of the hospital, had a few visitors. Among them was producer Bunty Walia. \"I asked him how he was feeling and he said he was better,\" Walia said.The hospital did not comment on when Big B was likely to go home. But experts said inguinal hernia surgeries were not too complicated and recovery was likely to be fast. \"Patients go home in a day or two. Those who are operated laparoscopically leave earlier,\" a doctor told TOI. But Bachchan's doctors decided against laparoscopy. Inguinal hernias develop from weakness or tear in the wall of the lower abdomen or groin. For Big B, the near-fatal intestinal injury he suffered during Coolie's filming in 1982 could be the reason behind it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "11863921", "title": "NFR Hill section to be accident-free by March", "text": "SILCHAR: Northeast Frontier Railway (NFR) authorities have chalked out a mechanism to avoid frequent accidents in the 100-year-old Lumding-Silchar section that runs through the hills.NFR divisional railway manager (DRM) Rajesh Kumar Goel said on Saturday the authorities are concerned about the frequent derailment of trains along the Hill section. The derailment have been occurring at an average of five to six times a month, causing huge losses of lives and railway property, foodgrains and essentials, and disruption of train services.\"The reasons behind such accidents are weak tracks, old wagons and a malfunctioning signalling system. We are taking corrective measures in the areas of safety and engineering. The stretches where the tracks are weak have been identified and are replaced by new ones. At least 60 wagons have been pulled out of use while some wagons are being repaired. New wagons are also being bought. Work on correcting the signalling system along the route is on in full swing as well,\" the DRM said.He assured that the corrective measures will be completed by March 31 and from April 1, the Lumding-Silchar-Agartala section will witness a smooth service \"with occurrence of accidents at its low\".The complaints of slow movement of trains will also automatically be addressed in the process and the sufferings of the passengers will be lessened, the official said.On the question of frequent incidents of robbery in the trains that run between Lumding and Silchar and Lumding and Agartala, Goel said at present there's shortage of security personnel, because many of them have been moved to different poll-bound states. He assured that the once the elections are over, the security forces meant to guard the trains will be back on duty.According to reports, after a lull for the past few months, last Thursday night robbers looted the belongings of at least 50 passengers on the Agartala-Silchar passenger train in Karimganj district of Assam. A number of passengers sustained injuries when the decoits beat them up mercilessly. There was no security arrangement in the train, commuters alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "jaunpur (up)", "code": "11861180", "title": "BSP, SP's poll promises misleading: Rahul Gandhi", "text": "JAUNPUR (UP): Training his guns on the BSP and the Samajwadi Party, Congress leader Rahul Gandhi today said corruption and scams were rampant during their regimes.For the past five years, neither BSP supremo Mayawati nor SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav had visited any village but now during the election time, they were making tall promises, Rahul said.\"When they were in power only corruption and scams were witnessed. The promises made by them at the election time are misleading,\" he told an election meeting here.Wooing voters especially the youngsters, the Congress general secretary said \"the state will witness a change due to the youth power.\"Rahul said he had got a pacakage of Rs 8,000 crore for the Bundeklhand region but the tractors meant for farmers were taken away by the elephant (BSP's poll symbol) in Lucknow.In an apprent reference to Babu Singh Kushwaha, he said by taking the \"corrupt BSP minister, the BJP vows to fight graft.\"Referring to backwardness and unemployment in Uttar Pradesh, Rahul said its people go to other states due to dearth of employment opportunities here.\"I will continue to fight for the cause of poor farmers and labourers till their migration ceases,\" he said.The Gandhi scion reiterated his promise of changing the state in five years time if his party was voted to power in UP.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11856537", "title": "Painter goes missing on his way to police station", "text": "HYDERABAD: A painter, who was on his way to the Kanchanbagh police station to lodge a complaint, went missing from Mir Chowk since Friday.The Mir Chowk police said Mohammed Anwaruddin, 35, a resident of Mir Alam Mandi, informed his family that he was going to the Kanchanbagh police station to lodge a complaint as his vehicle was stolen in that area on Friday.He left the house at around 12 noon.\"Since then, Anwaruddin went missing and his father Rahemmuddin lodged a missing complaint on Saturday ,\" Mir Chowk sub-inspector M A Azeem said. A missing case was registered .The Mir Chowk police have alerted all police stations in the city to trace him.They suspect that Anwaruddin, an alcoholic, might be deliberately making himself inaccessible, by switching off his mobile phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11856243", "title": "Khurshid: From suave liberal to Muslim mascot", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 1991 election in Uttar Pradesh turned Mulayam Singh Yadav into 'Maulana Mulayam'. The 1999 Lok Sabha contest shrank Hindutva icon Kalyan Singh into a caste leader of Lodhs. After March 6, Salman Khurshid may find it tough to live down the image of a 'Muslim' leader.The suave minister's unexpected belligerence over last fortnight on 'Muslim issues' woke partymen and observers to a new Khurshid, one eager to be seen as community leader. An absolute about-turn for the man, who spent years in Congress resisting use of identity as a bargaining chip.The melodrama over Batla House that Khurshid wove in Azamgarh, saying Sonia Gandhi wept on seeing pictures of alleged slain terrorist Atif Amin, and his advocacy of 'Muslim reservation' despite EC censure, is contrary to his moderate stance as the minister for minority affairs.Over the past 31 months, Khurshid refused to swim with the populist tide, dubbing \"quota\" as a \"double-edged sword\" for Muslims and kept the ministry anchored in development initiatives. The middle-path earned him an army of detractors, their grudge with the minister expressed in half jest: \"Maanga tha Musalman, de diya Salman\".Khurshid was never a Muslim, in the way identity politics tags leaders by community or caste. The Anglophile's laboured Hindi-Urdu made him incongruous with the acceptable 'minority' image, and it appeared in tune with intra-party dynamics.The traditional belief in Congress has held that \"only a Hindu can be a Muslim leader\". Biggies like H N Bahuguna and Arjun Singh carefully cultivated the \"secular\" image. AICC general secretary Digvijaya Singh has modeled himself on his guru Dau saab, his contentious views on reservation, Batla House and even his Osamaji seen in that light. Congressmen believe that a Muslim's advocacy of minority issues in a country with the past of the Partition would attract charges of \"communalism\". Not a Hindu.Khurshid was also seen to understand the ethos of a centrist Congress, which cannot afford to mimic strident voices of Mulayam-Lalu combo on minority issues.This UP election marks a watershed. Congress's aggressive advocacy of Muslim reservation, led by heir apparent Rahul Gandhi, is a first and the loud speeches different from what is tucked away in party manifestoes.With Digvijaya Singh and Co are quite unapologetic, Khurshid may have fallen victim to the pressure of competition within. The Muslim agenda with his home state as battlefield presents his best chance to carve a niche for himself. The influence of maanga tha... barb seems evident, as the race for minority votes enters the final paces.An anxious Congress may be praying that March 6 changes its fate in the state. But Khurshid is sure his face has already changed nationally.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11863308", "title": "2 killed as argument between neighbours turns violent", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two members of a family were killed and four others injured in a north Delhi locality after an argument between neighbours turned violent, police said today.The deceased were identified as Narender (38) and Kuldeep (20), they said, adding that the injured have been admitted to various hospitals.The incident took place in Jahangirpuri's I block last night after one Sunil made some personal remarks against Jainath Vajpayee, his neighbour in the evening.A few hours later, clashes broke out between the two families, leaving two dead and four injured, the police said.Sunil's brothers Anil and Ajay, attacked the relatives of Jainath, a senior police official said, adding that even women were involved in the clash.Narender, Kuldeep, Jainath and Pappu were injured in the incident and are recuperating at various hospitals, the official said.Four people, including two women, have been arrested in this connection, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11855304", "title": "Undertrials boycott court production", "text": "KOLKATA: More than 400 undertrial prisoners at Alipore Central Jail and Dum Dum Central Jails have decided to boycott court production to demand their speedy trial. The agitating prisoners alleged that due to inordinate delay in justice delivery system, hundreds of prisoners across the state remained confined in jails without being convicted, leading to a breach of their fundamental right which are breach in their fundamental right to life announced to boycott court production demanding speedy trial of the under trial prisoners lodged in different jails across the state.The agitating under trial prisoners (UTP) alleged that due to inordinate delay in justice delivery system, hundreds of prisoners remained confined in jails without being convicted which are breach in their fundamental right to life.It was because of the same reason that the detainees had gone on an indefinite hunger strike in November last year. Earlier in November 2011, UTPs had gone on an indefinite hunger strike to protest against the same in protest of the same reason which put the government in a fix.State law minister Moloy Ghatak had gone to meet the agitating prisoners and after his assurance to speed up the process, they had called off the hunger strike. following his assurance to speed up the justice process, they ended the hunger strike.With the minister's assurance not showing any results, the undertrials had to resort to the protest route yet again.On Thursday, they agitating UTPs have submitted a petition to their respective jail superintendents on Thursday where they claimed that despite the assurance of the minister, the situation did not change. In their petition submitted to the superintendent of Alipore Central Jail, the agitator inmates stated that out of 1,800 inmates, 1,100 are undertrials and half of them are yet to be chargesheeted. They alleged that such pre-trial detention is a violation of the fundamental right to life, assured by the Indian Constitution. Those prisoners, who had spent pre-trial detention of two to five years, were eligible for bail, claimed the undertrials. In their petition, the agitating undertrials sought the help of human rights organizations and requested them and agencies to intervene. in the issue, in their petition.Even the Supreme Court had opined on Friday that indefinite detention of undertrials was a violation of their fundamental rightsThe jail department is also aware of the problem. A large number of undertrials has already spent several years in jail which is close to their maximum imprisonment period.According to the department officials, 154 undertrials are in the jail for a year, 1170 for over two years, 677 for over three years, 349 for over four years and 452 for the past five years. Earlier, former additional director general of police (prison), BD Sharma had mentioned the problem in his report and informed the government that such delay caused a 15% increase in the number of prisoners in 2010.Though the state law department was concerned about the issue, yet officers claimed poor infrastructure and inadequate number of magistrates were causing the delay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11855564", "title": "Administration yet to take decision on salary hike", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The uncertainty over the resumption of over two dozen e-sampark centres from Monday is looming large as Chandigarh administration is yet to take any decision regarding the acceptance of the salary hike demands of employees or taking any decision to run these centres. These employees had gone on a strike from Friday without any prior notice or intimation, and UT had to employ society of promotion of IT in Chandigarh (SPIC) employees and students to run these centres.According to sources in UT, the administration is on its final stage to select the vendor to run e-sampark centre of the city. Before that, immediate alternative arrangement is required to continue the services, but this is yet to be figured out by the authorities.Terming the strike as a blackmailing tactic, Yogesh Kumar, UT director IT, said, \"This is clear blackmailing because after stopping work these employees locked the computers of e-sampark with password protectors as a result hundreds of people had to face inconvenience. We immediately sent our IT employees and managed to resume work. We are already considering their salary demands, but the fact remains that these employees tried to disturb public work, which is illegal.\"The protester employees were originally workers of Hyderabad-based SQL Star Limited Company, which was managing the e-sampark centres. The contract of the company expired in 2010. After that on the request of the employees, these were employed on contract basis under the SPIC due to unavailability of new vendor company with an increase of 10% salary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "hindi soaps have a new obsession. after enduring the echoing slap, the falling thali and the repeated-thrice-in-succession crash zoom, viewers now have to live with another unwarranted trp tactic", "code": "11854408", "title": "Is soap ko main kya naam doon?", "text": "Hindi soaps have a new obsession. After enduring the echoing slap, the falling thali and the repeated-thrice-in-succession crash zoom, viewers now have to live with another unwarranted TRP tactic: copy-pasted Bollywood songs as soap titles.Scroll down your set top box menu and you can't help wondering if your TV screen has morphed into a giant playlist-there's Sasural Genda Phool, Bade Acche Lagte Hain, Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon, Ruk Jaana Nahin, Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha, Kuch Toh Log Kahenge and the latest Kya Hua Tera Waada. But the epidemic isn't just about channels' allegiance to the marketing mantra of \"recall value\"-such titles also come to the aid of producers who aren't sure which way the hundreds of episodes of their soap are going to go.\"These poetic titles attract family audiences, they sound good and strike an emotional chord,\" says Kamlesh Pandey, writer-producer of daily soap Ruk Jana Nahi (a song from Imtihan, circa 1974). \"But they are also useful to scriptwriters, who have to invent twists by the hour. An open-ended title allows the story to turn and twist any way.\"Ask television scriptwriter Sharad Tripathi if such titles allow the story to take an unspecified course and he responds with a definitive \"Definitely\". \"Publicity is a must for any show, good or bad. And if the title is inspired by a popular Bollywood song, then half the work is done,\" he says.For Siddharth P Malhotra, creative producer of Ek Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hai, who was contemplating a title for his soap on the undying love of two sisters, it was clear that the hit song from Hare Rama Hare Krishna (1971) would convey the theme. \"So we went ahead with the title and also retained the original song, as nobody can beat R D Burman,\" says Malhotra, who calls titles and songs \"garnishings\" that are used to make a show successful. \"However, we'd be making a fool of ourselves if we relied entirely on show titles or songs for success. TV's real strength lies in its characters.\"In the early '90s, says Kamlesh Pandey, shows like Rajni, Tara and Banegi Apni Baat echoed changing sensibilities among the middle class and were thus given relevant titles. \"But daily soaps today have nothing to do with reality,\" he says. \"They portray a fictional society, in which middle-class families live in havelis and flaunt clothes and jewellery that no middle-class Indian can afford.\" Pandey says that Ekta Kapoor's soap factory began this trend in 2000-though some of her soaps began by tackling 'issues' like extra-marital affairs and the rise of the working woman, it all came to nought very soon. \"After a few episodes, the story was hijacked and the fictional world of daily soaps was created, which has only flourished since,\" he says.The songs-turned-soap titles are also symptomatic of the growing creative fatigue in the world of daily serials. \"There is so much interference from the channel at every stage that after a point, one tends to give up. Instead of brainstorming, coming up with catchy titles and getting a title song composed, it is simpler to get an already popular song approved and buy the rights,\" says Tripathi. Lyricist Nawab Aarzoo adds that the level of competition on this score is so high that channels vie to get songs registered as titles. Aarzoo wanted to call his forthcoming show Gudiya but the title was already taken. So, he altered it to the long-winded Suno Chhoti Si Gudiya Ki Lambi Kahani (from the 1955 film Seema).But then, Bollywood has always been TV's mother ship, reasons Arzoo, an industry veteran who has written lyrics for many TV shows, including Bade Acche Lagte Hain. When the famous song is used within the show to complement a situation, Arzoo changes the lyrics to fit the tune and the mood. \"I am now used to writing like that,\" he says.Incidentally, the song Bade Acche Lagte Hain is from a film called Balika Badhu, which, of course, is now the title of a famous soap.\"These poetic titles strike an emotional chord. But they are also useful to scriptwriters, who have to invent twists by the hour. An open-ended title allows the story to turn and twist any way\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11857816", "title": "Sanjay Dutt, Rana Daggubati to act like Big B-Rishi", "text": "It's a sheer coincidence that Sanjay Dutt has done David Dhawan's film called 'Chal Mere Bhai' with Salman Khan playing his younger bro. The title of the film was taken from a song from Manmohan Desai's 1981 film 'Naseeb' featuring the Big B and Rishi Kapoor .Now in what appears to be a direct homage to that song, Ram Gopal Varma would be shooting a dosti song with Sanjay Dutt and Rana Daggubati, playing two plain-clothed cops who share a deep bonding beyond their work place.Says a source, \"Sanjay Dutt plays the senior cop. When on duty Rana Daggubati is shown to be the unflinching subordinate obeying Dutt's every command blindly. But they share a rapport beyond their work-place. Ramu decided to shoot a song of them chilling together like two brothers . The best reference point Ramu could come up with was the Chal mere bhai song in 'Naseeb'. Sanjay Dutt and Rana jumped at at since they're all fans of the Big B and Rishi Kapoor.\"Attempts are now on to get acquire the rights of the Chal mere bhai song from 'Naseeb'.Says Ramu, \"Yes, we are shooting a buddy-buddy song with Sanjay Dutt and Rana. It will be a kind of off-duty unwinding song. And I have a clear visual and audio idea of how I want to shoot it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11855656", "title": "Court orders for attachment of Indra's property in Bhanwari case", "text": "JODHPUR: The CBI court on Saturday issued orders for attachment of Indra Bishnoi's property believed to be worth around Rs 4 crore in the Bhanwari Devi case as she is absconding. The order will be made available to the district collector to carry it out.The CBI had moved an application in the court on Friday with a list of Indra's property seeking permission to proceed with the property attachment after the period of notice given to her for surrender had expired. \"Since she did not turn up till February 10, we are now proceeding with the attachment of her proeprty with the permission of the court,\" public prosecutor (CBI) S S Yadav said.Indra Bishnoi, an important link and suspect in the abduction and the alleged elimination of Bhanwari Devi, has been absconding for over two months. She was declared an absconder on January 11. CBI has done everything possible right from searching her at all possible hideouts to arresting and interrogating close to her but she has remained untraceable, thereby forcing the agency to take up the property attachment procedure.On the other hand, the Bishnoi community members are preparing for the 'maharally' scheduled for Sunday. The rally is being organised in protest against CBI's summoning of Indra's 85-year-old mother Amri Devi and other women and children of Malkhan Singh Bishnoi's family in the case. \"We also have suspicion on the reinvestigation by the CBI in this case, so will also demand replacing the agency to ensure a fair probe into the case,\" Ram Pal Bhavad, spokesperson of Kisan Kesri Sangharsh Samiti organizing the rally, said.Amri Devi had to be hospitalized due to the alleged harassment by the CBI. She has also filed a petition in the Rajasthan High Court alleging torture. The court had issued show cause notices to the Union ministry of home affairs, the CBI director and other officers concerned with the case.Amri Devi's husband Ram Singh Bishnoi was a prominent leader of the Bishnoi community during his lifetime. Her son, Malkhan Singh, has been arrested for his alleged role in the kidnap and murder of Bhanwari Devi. The nurse had gone missing form Jodhpur's Bilara area on September 1 last year. The CBI claims to have recovered her remains from a canal in Jodhpur rural.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11855267", "title": "Man batters wife stalker with stone to death, held", "text": "INDORE: Angry over harassment of his wife by an alleged rowdy, a labourer allegedly stoned him to death in Chhatripura area in the city on Friday night. The police have arrested the accused.The accused, Ishu Dhana, was upset with Rakesh Basod for allegedly stalking his wife and also passing snide remarks against her in front of him, the police said. The deceased, Rakesh had a dozen cases registered against him in police stations across the city.On the fateful day, Rakesh went to Ishu's house at MOG Line area in inebriated condition and went near the Ishu's wife and slept beside her, said police, adding that he was reportedly forcing Ishu's wife to join him on the bed. When she snubbed him, the accused allegedly turned violent started abusing and passed out. Ishu saw the opportunity to teach Rakesh a lesson in his sleep. So after some time Ishu allegedly hit deceased with a stone, resulting in Rakesh's instant death.On learning about the incident, the police reached the spot and arrested Ishu. The police registered a case against Ishu under the Section 302 of the IPC.Police said both were known to each other and their wives are related to each other. Rakesh was in habit of creating trouble and even before he had become a problem for Ishu's wife. However, when the accused found it unbearable, he allegedly killed Rakesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "11854509", "title": "CM promises a cleaner Akola to woo voters", "text": "AKOLA: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said that the Congress-NCP combine has the wherewithal to change the face of the city. \"The dirty city can be changed to a clean and beautiful one, if you all vote for the combine in the forthcoming elections,\" said Chavan.The Akola Municipal Corporation (AMC) elections will be held on February 16.Addressing a public meeting at Swarajya Bhavan on Saturday afternoon, Chavan said, \"We had no option but to take the unhappy decision of superseding the AMC due to its weak financial position, despite it being ruled by Congress-NCP.\"In his 20-minute speech he outlined various schemes including underground drainage system, industrial development, package to cotton farmers, etc.Chavan lamented that the district doesn't have efficient leaders like late Vijay Kumar Parashar, under whose regime Akola Municipal Council had become an ideal council. He regretted that during the last 17 years the city's overall development has stagnated.Congress-NCP has ruled AMC since 2007 but the city has not developed as it would have been. In spite of this Chavan appealed to the voters to repose faith in the Congress-NCP tie-up to bring in overall development.People Republican Party (PRP) supremo Prof Jogendra Kawade too appealed to the citizens to vote for Congress-NCP combine. \"Only the Congress-NCP coalition can take the city forward, Ganga of vikas can be flown if the coalition is re-voted to power,\" he said.State agriculture minster Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil, Akola district guardian minister Rajendra Darda and city Congress chief Madan Bhargad also addressed the election meeting which was attended by around 5,000 people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11855286", "title": "Love birds go high-tech with tablet, \u2018love bond\u2019 this V\u2019day", "text": "INDORE: With Valentine's Day round the corner, retailers are having a good time with many selling expensive gift item for the love birds.Ranging from Rs 7000 to Rs 2 lakh, the jewellery shop owners have come up with an occasional gold and diamond product 'love bond' bands to flaunt off exclusivity while the electronic traders have huge range of gadgets, tablets, handsets etc for the gadget lovers.Ajay Anand, joint director, Punjabi Saraf, said that, the new 'love bond' band helps me to serve something new to the customers on the occasion. It has been observed that the lovelorn couples are willing to shell out a hefty amount over the gifts for their beloveds.An electronics goods retailer is more relying on the sales of tablets for its business growth in the current season. Apple, Galaxy &amp; Milagro are some of the tablet brands that are more in demand these days, said Gaurav Pahwa, director of an electronics shop.Other than the expensive gifts, there are seasonal options more in demand on special occasions like teddies, flowers, chocolates etc, said Piyush Tiwari, marketing manager in a mall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11858578", "title": "Real life love inspirations for stars", "text": "Rising in love doesn't only happen on the big screen for our stars. Many are partners in real-life passion plays too. With V-Day round the corner, celebs recount inspiring tales of love ...Dipan Dash, actor Among the celeb love stories, I like the one between Shahrukh Khan and Gauri Khan. They are from different religious backgrounds, but they never had any issues regarding that. This society is fractured with conflicting issues between Hindu and Muslims, but this love story has stood the test of time. Behind Shahrukh's success, Gauri has a lot of contribution. Gauri performs the Hindu rituals at home and Shahrukh has always honoured that. Another thing is that, despite leading a busy life, Shahrukh always spends quality time at home. He cares and gives maximum priority to his family. That's what makes their relationship so unique.His V-Day Story Since Valentine's Day is my parent's marriage anniversary, I stay at home on that day and celebrate it with my parents. Personally, I have never celebrated V-Day since I haven't been in any serious relationship. I remember, when I was in Class VIII, a girl had proposed. I was actually very clueless about love at that time. So, I told her that I have to ask my mom about it before I say yes! The girl was astonished. I also told her that if I don't take my mom's permission, she might scold me! That's the most weird experience I had on V-Day.Aishwarya Pathy, actor Neetu Kapoor and Rishi Kapoor have a great love story. They share a very good understanding between themselves. I have seen many couples in the film industry and but I still feel that there is something special between Rishi and Neetu that makes them the unique jodi of Bollywood. You know, according to the tradition of the Kapoor family, Neetu had to quit acting after marriage. She gave up her career without complaining. In fact, she has happily adapted to her new life with Rishi. That is love.Her V-Day Story When I was in college, there was a guy in my group with whom I used to hangout regularly. He was really a good friend of mine, but nothing more than that. On one V-Day, he came with my other friends and proposed. I was really surprised. Then I told him that I am sorry that I don't feel anything special for him. But I assured him that I will remain his good friend.Rituparna Sengupta , actor Sharmila Tagore and Mansoor Ali Khan Pataudi's romance has been the most profound example of true love that crosses all barriers. While she came from the Tagore family, he was the Nawab of Pataudi. The cultural backgrounds were different. So were the religious beliefs.What's also important is that all this happened decades back when society wasn't this progressive. Yet, their marriage was so beautiful. She continued being in the public glare, did some bold acts on screen as well as gave quality time to her family while raising her children so well. All this is possible with a great understanding between the spouse.Her V-Day Story I was in Class IX when this incident happened. One day, while going to school, a boy came running up to me. He said he couldn't take his eyes off me and handed over a parcel to me. It was a V-Day card where he had written: \"To the most beautiful woman I know\". I showed the card to my friends in the bus and secretly enjoyed being the centre of attention of everyone!Arjun Bajwa, actor One profound romance was that of Sunil Dutt and Nargis who stood by each other to give rock solid support. They lived life to the hilt. Their's was an unusual love story and stood the test of time. They lived a happy life as a couple together even while retaining their individuality. Sunil Dutt took utmost care of her when she was suffering from cancer. They acted in \"Mother India\" as mother and son. It intrigues me how they portrayed such a relationship so well that the movie went on to become a classic. Sunil Dutt set up the Nargis Dutt Memorial Fund, which has collected millions of dollars for cancer victims in India. For me, this is a timeless romance.His V-Day Story When I was a teenager, I invited my girlfriend on a date to a restaurant at a remote location in Delhi thinking no family member would ever spot me there. To my shock, when I was having dinner, my father turned up there at the same restaurant with my mother and a family friend. I was extremely embarrassed as I had told them I'm going to a friend's house to study for my forthcoming exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11860108", "title": "We will miss you, Whitney: A.R. Rahman", "text": "With the passing away of singer Whitney Houston, a few from the Indian music industry chose to write about her on their social micro-blogging site.While music director and singer Shankar Mahadevan extended his condolence with a simple 'Whitney Houston R.I.P', music director Vishal Dadlani expressed: 'RIP Whitney Houston. What a singer, what an artist, what a life! Goodbye, and may you find happiness.' (sic) The Maestro of Madras, A.R. Rahman , too, had something to say about Houston. \"Another shining star of the music world gone too soon...! We will miss you, Whitney... Respect and prayers for you! \" (sic)Whitney Houston will be missed, and though she is no more, she'll continue to live in our hearts and through her songs. The songstress' 'I Will Always Love You' from 'Bodyguard' was by far everybody's favourite. She had many winners under her belt and was the recipient of an impressive count of six Grammy trophies!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11859675", "title": "Calendar launch of movie 'Maach Mishti \u2018n More'", "text": "Both maach and mishti, symbolizes the Bengalis and to celebrate this identity and inimitable connection the team of Maach Mishti 'n More gathered at the Hops Lounge at South City Mall, Kolkata to launch the calender of the film.The star cast of the film Soumitra Chatterjee, Parambrata Chattopadhyay, Swastika Mukherjee, Parno Mitra, Rachita Chauhan, Neha, Anubrata were all in full attendance on the occasion of the launch along with the director Mainak Bhoumik.The whole team seemed very enthusiastic and spoke extensively about their characters and experience on working in this movie.Veteran actor Soumitra Chatterjee who is playing a happy-go-lucky character, seemed very exciting, \"The character I am playing is the grand father of the three male protagonists. He is vibrant, crazy, and probably the liveliest person in the film who does not believe in the term of generation gap. He motivates others to never let go of their dreams and follow their heart.\"Director Mainak Bhoumik who has again roped in on the Gen Y actors looked pretty confident on the event.\"The purpose of launching the calender is to have an everlasting place in our viewer's homes rather heart. Also whenever there is any talk on Bengal, Maach and Mishti (Fish and Sweets) become a point of discussion, people relate us with these two elements, and I have tried to keep the essence of Bengal throughout my film so that in future it also becomes symbolic with Bengal. Though I have worked with Parambrata, Parno earlier but this is the first time I have directed Soumitra Chatterjee. To me, it was a dream come true to have him in my film. He may be the oldest person in the film, but by heart, he is the youngest of the lot\", said an excited Mainak.\"This is my second film with Mainak. He has become more matured as a director. I play one of the three brothers who are in quest of love and self discovery. He is a bit confused with a comical bend of mind. The film represents today's youth who are bewildered and always on the run. The film teaches on how to live life to the fullest and not to lose one's happiness\" responded Parambrata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11863879", "title": "Six out of 10 Kanpur Seats have sensitive booths", "text": "KANPUR: As six out of 10 assembly seats of Kanpur Nagar have sensitive booths, district police administration is planning to perk up security in view of polling on February 23.The six constituencies are: Bithoor, Ghatampur, Bilhaur, Maharajpur, Sisamau and Aryanagar. Out of these, Bithoor and Ghatampur are the most sensitive. The district administration has identified 82 and 56 booths respectively in those two constituencies as most sensitive and is taking extra precaution.District administration sources said sensitive booths have been divided in two categories. The first category is known as vulnerable. Under this category, the police has spotted areas where influential and anti-social elements used to interfere in polling. \"The administration has already identified these persons and the police have issued red cards to them. Area police have been asked to keep an eye on them and take necessary action against them,\" said a district administration official on condition of anonymity.The second category is of 'critical booths' where there is an apprehension of clashes due to political rivalry. As soon as model code of conduct was enforced, the police identified as many as 517 booths as sensitive. After police action, their number reduced to 201. Maximum 82 sensitive booths are in Bithoor. Second is of Ghatampur with 56 sensitive booths. Bilhour is at third place with 32 sensitive booths. Maharajpur, Sisamau and Aryanagar assembly seats have 18, five and one sensitive booths respectively.Under critical category, the district administration has identified four booths in Bilhaur and three in Ghatampur seats respectively. Kalyanpur, Cantonment, Govind Nagar and Kidwai Nagar assembly seats are ideal for polling, according to administration.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11863958", "title": "BSF officer's body arrives", "text": "RANCHI: A pall of gloom descended on the Morhabadi locality here when BSF officer Rajesh Sharan's body arrived here from Odisha on Sunday morning. Sharan was killed in an encounter with the Maoists on Friday in Odisha.His wife and sons were inconsolable and others present there were also not able to control their tears and anger against the Centre and state governments for failure to curb the Maoist menace. \"Almost everyday we hear about security men being killed in encounter with the Maoists. The government, which has the responsibility to curb the menace and take development to remotest places has miserably failed,\" said S P Sinha, a relative of the slain BSF officer.\"If the government fails to curb the menace at the earliest, then we will keep on losing our brave sons and leave women and children to fend for themselves,\" said Sinha. Recounting the valour of the slain brave heart, one of his colleagues, who had come with the body from Odisha, said, \"Sharan was very passionate about his job. He was very positive and because of his efforts, we were able to win the confidence of many local people, where ever we were posted for operations. In Odisha also, he played an important role in bridging the gap between security forces and the villagers there,\" said the officer.After paying his tribute to the departed soul, chief minister Arjun Munda said the state government will do everything possible to take development to remotest area. Union tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahay and speaker of Jharkhand assembly C P Singh along with senior police officers also paid tribute to the departed soul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11856555", "title": "Overstaying Hajis to be repatriated", "text": "HYDERABAD: The authorities of Saudi Arabia have declared that they will grant amnesty to foreign individuals who have overstayed their Haj, Umrah and visit visa periods. Registration of such individuals for repatriation will be done at the Jeddah detention camp.According to sources, special cells have been set up at the detention camp to attend to individuals who have overstayed their visas.The individuals have reportedly been asked to present themselves at the camp with their passports or outpasses issued by their country's mission . The officials said a fine will also be imposed on those who have overstayed their visit visas, which will be commensurate to duration of the over-stay . But individuals working for the cause of migrants are a relieved lot as they welcomed the move.\"This amnesty is a blessing for the people who have over stayed. If they are caught during routine checks, a heavy penalty will be levied on them. If they refuse to pay the penalty , they stand to face prosecution and imprisonment,\" said MB Reddy of Migrants Rights Council.Estimates place the number of Indians who have overstayed at 10,000. Officials at the Indian Consulate General in Jeddah have requested such individuals to process their repatriation at the earliest as the Saudi authorities have not prescribed a deadline for the repatriation process and may withdraw the move anytime .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11855504", "title": "Preventive action against 785 people", "text": "PUNE: In view of the February 16 municipal elections, the city police have taken preventive action against 785 people in Pimpri Chinchwad. In the action taken between January 3 and February 9, eight people were externed. Five people were externed by the Chinchwad police, two by the Nigdi police and one person by the Pimpri police.Ashok Munde, assistant commissioner and chief of election code of conduct cell, Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation, said the drive was held in Pimpri, Chinchwad, Bhosari, Nigdi, Sangvi and Hinjewadi areas. Action was taken against 164 people in Pimpri, 160 people in Chinchwad, 142 people in Bhosari, 100 people in Nigdi, 39 people in Sangvi and 180 people in Hinjewadi.Seventeen people were detained for 24 hours and another 121 for more than 24 hours. A total of 295 people were directed to deposit surety amount as police suspect that they might create disturbances. The police also issued notices, under section 149 of the Criminal Procedure Code, to 314 people warning them of preventive action.Munde said 74 candidates had applied to the cell for scrutinising of the content they wanted to use for campaigning purpose. These applications pertained to data in video CD, audio CD and SMS format.According to Munde, 61 cases of violation of the election code of conduct were registered in the city. These were mostly about taking out rallies or conducting road shows without taking permission and using more than three vehicles for campaigning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11854465", "title": "Bangalore girl raped, killed", "text": "BANGALORE: The body of a six year-old girl, who was allegedly raped and then smothered to death, has been found in an under-construction building, police said on Saturday.The girl, daughter of daily-wagers, hailed from Bellary in Karnataka. Police said the parents had left the girl alone to look after her two-year-old brother but when they returned they found her missing and lodged a complaint. The girl's body was found in the building under construction on Friday night, police said, adding that a medical report indicated she was raped before being smothered to death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "11854641", "title": "2 women die in Bokaro coal stock collapse", "text": "BOKARO: Two women were killed after a layer of rejected coal stock subsided on them while they were picking coals at Balu Banker under Bokaro and Kargili (B&K;) Project of Central Coalfield Ltd (CCL) under Bermo subdivision here.The deceased have been identified as Dhaneshwari Devi (40), a resident of Badkidih and Leelawati Devi (30) of Chappardih village, situated near the spot. They were picking coals from the rejected stock dumped there when the incident occur.Every day, women and men pick coals from the rejected coal stock dumped at Balu Banker situated near Damoder river. These residents worked for contractors who pay them for picking the coals. The incident occurred close on the heels of mishap in which five women were killed after the surface of an illegal coal mine caved in which they were digging out coal at Prem Pahari in Chandrapura on February 6.As the administration has taken the incident very seriously, the coal pickers of the area, however, went on demanding compensation for the kin of the deceased after the incident, sources said. According to sources, the other workers picking coal at Balu Bankar witnessed the subsidence and rushed to the spot to find the two women buried inside. Later, they dug out their bodies. Following the incident, Bermo SDO Badrinath Choubey along with other officials and police visited the spot to assess the situation. Bokaro DC Sunil Kumar said he is inquiring to ascertain whether the practice carried out by locals of picking coals from the rejected stock is legal or illegal. \"The incident is unfortunate,\" he said. While general manager of CCL (B&K; project) Anurag Kumar said the incident has occurred in their area but the company has no connection with the deceased. Locals usually pick coals from rejected washery dumped there for past several years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11855014", "title": "Shun middlemen, litchi growers told", "text": "PATNA: The National Horticulture Mission (NHM) has urged litchi growers to form groups and do market research in important cities of the country for export of litchi from the state at handsome price. If farmers can do away with the middlemen, they can get good price for litchi.State agriculture secretary-cum-NHM mission director N Vijaylaxmi and National Horticulture Board (NHB) managing director Vijay Kumar on Friday apprised litchi growers of the opportunities in the form of NHB subsidies and facilities for litchi marketing research, packaging, transportation and providing free stalls at fairs. Litchi fairs will be organized in Mumbai, Bangalore, Chennai, Amritsar and Jaipur where demand for this juicy fruit is huge.Vijaylaxmi and Kumar were speaking at the first Litchi buyer-seller meet organized by NHM and state directorate of horticulture at Bihar Veterinary College before the short litchi season (May 22 to first week of June) to mark the year-long litchi festival in Bihar.Vijaylaxmi said the second such meet would be organized in March. Litchi growers should be prepared for it by sending, within 15 days to the local NHB office, the particulars of their group formation, quantity of their litchi production and the cities they want to export litchi to get subsidies and facilities. She gave details about state's efforts to promote organic brands of litchi, like \" Jaivik Bihar\" and \" Jai Bihar\" for effective marketing.The stakeholders at the meet, litchi growers, litchi food processing entrepreneurs including KPS Keshri, who is also Bihar Industries Association (BIA) president, and R K Kedia, the NHM and NHB and state directorate of horticulture stressed the objective to form groups of litchi farmers for doing research on litchi markets in big cities other than metros particularly in Southern and Western India for exporting quality litchi in attractive packages, they said.NHB is providing 50% subsidy for creating backward-forward market linkage for export of litchi to different metros and cities, NHB MD Kumar said. He assured creation of cold chain, refrigerated and aerated cargoes through rail route and surface transport of litchi to maintain its supply in fresh condition. These steps were necessitated in view of very short shelf life of Litchi which does not last more than three days, Kumar said, adding the NHB runs a special horticulture train for export of banana from Nasik.Keshri stressed on air cargo facility for fast movement of litchi to the markets in metros like Bangalore, Chennai and Mumbai as trains take 36-48 hours to reach there, by which time litchis might perish. Kedia said litchi export to Europe suffered after 2007-2008 economic crisis. He complained that the banks were reluctant to provide loans to food processing units which need huge investment. He said the state government should lift Rs 5 crore limit of subsidy to fruit processing industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11859223", "title": "Valentine\u2019s Day: Focus on \u2018experience\u2019 to make it unique and memorable", "text": "Forget cards, flowers and chocolates, most people want a special experience rather than a gift for Valentine's Day.Unlike material gifts, an experience, whether it is an outing, a vacation or a special meal, is something unique to the couple, especially if it reflects both people's interests. Similarly, a bad Valentine's Day gift could quickly turn the sweet holiday sour.Among some of the worst-ranked gifts for men and women were gift cards, bathroom scales, vacuum cleaners, self-help books, clothing that was too big or too small, artificial flowers, and a \"Sex for Dummies\" book.\"I think the worst thing you could give someone on Valentine's Day is a gift card. Gift cards are great, don't get me wrong, they're great if you don't know someone, but if you are getting something for the Cupid's big day, you should know them better than that,\" a psychologist says.Women and men seem to differ in their wants for Valentine's Day, but both seem to agree that a personalized, thoughtful gift is always the best bet.To those out there scratching their heads about what to get their sweetheart this year, it is not the actual gift, it's the thought behind it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11859041", "title": "After celebrity cricket it is celebrity drama!", "text": "Yes, Mollywood's celebrated leading ladies seem to have found a new craze - theater. Looks like after celebrity cricket, it is going to be celebrity theater for Malaylam cinema.And guess what the production comprising, to leading women of Mollywood, Padmapriya and Ann Augustine, will have their first show this month in Bangalore!These lovely ladies who have made their mark in the filmdom for superior acting skills, is playing lead in '4 Play' where four short English plays will be performed before a live audience.According to industry sources these actresses have joined the venture due to pure passion for theater. \"Both actresses are seen squeezing time out of their busy schedules and adjusting their call sheets so that they can turn up at the rehearsal camp without fail,\" says our source.Theater actors Prakash Bare and V K Prakash will play male leads in the play which has four different segments! The show will be stage on February 18 at Alliance Francaise, Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "gurdev nagar", "code": "11855687", "title": "Plants tell Bassis their sons are well", "text": "GURDEV NAGAR: Harpreet and Manjit Singh Bassi's two sons are hardly home but their parents are constantly assured of their wellbeing by looking at two bougainvillea plants in their terrace. Looking much ahead into future and knowing that their children will not be around them through life, the Bassis had planted the bougainvilleas when the boys were born and have been caring and nurturing them like their own children.Their elder son Sanpreet is in Canada while Ravneet, the younger son, is pursuing engineering in Bathinda.The idea of planting bougainvilleas as a symbol of their sons had occurred to Harpreet because they are evergreen plants and she loves the flowers. \"My elder son was born on October 3, 1985 and the younger one was born on October 28, 1989. We planted the saplings immediately after their birth. One of the plants has white flowers while the other one bears pink flowers. Though our sons may not always be near us, the plants are always there,'' said Harpreet, who is a homemaker.Manjit, superintending engineer in a government department, said the colour of these flowers also show the character of their sons.\"My elder son has a peaceful nature and the flowers on his plant are white. On the other hand, my younger son is naughty and has a colourful life so his plant has pink flowers,'' he said, adding that the bougainvilleas have even become popular among their relatives.The two like to care for the plants themselves but have also kept a gardener to cut and prune when necessary. \"The plants are kept in pots on the terrace and we keep checking whether the pot needs to be changed or any pruning is required because we want the bougainvilleas to keep growing constantly like our sons do. Seeing the plants healthy reassures us that our sons are well too,'' she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11854349", "title": "Dengue grips city, 139 cases reported", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state capital is battling a dengue outbreak after the city recorded 139 cases in the last two months.The sporadic increase of dengue has been attributed to the piling up of garbage and the health administration has issued a dengue alert in the city.The coastal belt used to be the most sensitive spot in the previous years, this time mosquitoes have chosen the corporation area.\"Out of the 139 cases, 98 cases have been reported from the corporation area. This proves how sensitive urban areas have become due to the high density of mosquitoes,'' said Arogya Keralam (NRHM) district programme manager Dr Unnikrishnan.The district health administration had found that the mosquito density is very high here and had warned of a dengue out break after the corporation stopped collecting garbage in the city.District medical officer Dr Peethambaran said garbage issues are troubling the city.\"Dengue cases have been increasing since December and this time there are no complications. We are going to study the present cases since dengue used to be more severe in the past. No doubt, piling up of garbage has to be controlled. All the residents associations will have to take up scientific ways to dispose garbage. District health administration has launched a series of campaigns in the city for source reduction and to educate people on the need to maintain hygiene and keeping their surroundings clean,\" said the district medical officer.Health officials have said that fogging and spraying have been discontinued within city limits, which is why mosquito density has increased. Officials also warned that piling up of garbage could lead to the spread of chikungunya and rat fever.District health administration has urged the corporation authorities to take urgent steps to tackle mosquito problem at its source.NRHM has sanctioned Rs10,000 each to all corporation wards for sanitation programme. However, there are complaints that some wards have not accepted the fund so far.Cases are being reported from the Fort area. Over 10 policemen put on duty at the Sree Padmanabhaswamy temple were diagnosed with dengue.Eventually police had to shut down their camp where about 250 policemen used to stay. The health department has already conducted a medical camp in this area and is planning to have more camps if cases increase further.FOR GRAPHICSMost Sensitive Spots1.Fort2.Kodunganoor3.Vattiyurkavu4.Kadakampally5.PoonthuraDengue cases in Thiruvananthapuram2006 - 656, 2007 - 290 , 2008-503, 2009 - 805, 2010 - 1145, 2011 - 980Thiruvananthapuram: The capital city is under the grip of dengue outbreak as the city has recorded 139 dengue cases in just two months. The sporadic increase in the dengue has been attributed to the piling up of garbage.If the coastal belt used to be the most sensitive spot in the previous years for the fever outbreak, this time it is the corporation that has been found more vulnerable. The district health administration has found the mosquito density alarmingly high in the corporation limit. With almost two months since the City Corporation stopping the removal of garbage from the city, the outbreak of dengue has been warned by the district health administration.Lack of fogging and spraying at the piled up garbage in the city limits, have increased the density of the mosquito. The health officials have warned that the piling up of garbage could lead to the spreading of other fevers like chikungunya and rat fever (leptospirosis). The health administration has issued a dengue alert in the capital city.Out of the 139 cases, 98 cases have been reported from the Corporation area. This proves how sensitive the urban areas have become due to the high density of mosquito,'' said Dr.Unnikrishnan, district programme manager, Arogya Keralam (national rural health mission).The district health administration has urged the Corporation authorities to take urgent steps for source reduction. The NRHM has sanctioned Rs.10,000 each for all the corporation wards forward sanitation programme. However, there are also complaints that some of the wards have not accepted the fund so far.Meanwhile, the district health administration has started awareness campaigns among the residents associations on the need to keep the surrounding clean and hygiene. They have alerted all the associations to keep their area water free as it would trigger vectors to breed.In the city Fort area has been identified as the most sensitive since more cases have been identified from this area. It has to be remembered that about ten policemen put on duty at the Sree Padmanabha Swamy temple which falls in this area was detected with dengue. Eventually the police had to shut down their camp where about 250 policemen used to stay. The health department has already conducted a medical camp in this area and is planning to have more camps if the cases are increasing further.FOR GRAPHICSMost Sensitive Spots1.Fort2.Kodunganoor3.Vattiyurkavu4.Kadakampally5.PoonthuraDengue cases in Thiruvananthapuram2006 - 656, 2007 - 290 , 2008-503, 2009 - 805, 2010 - 1145, 2011 - 980", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11854275", "title": "'Preventive actions keep public out of harm's way'", "text": "Nishith Mishra, deputy commissioner of police, Zone-IV, is an officer of Indian Police Cadre of 2004-batch. A B Tech graduate, he began his career in policing as an assistant superintendent of police in Amravati and then additional SP Wardha before he took up the reigns of Special Action Group (SAG) in Anti-Naxal operations.Posted in the city since June 2010, Mishra nurtures an ambition to do a doctorate on 'Relevance of Zauq and Ghalib in modern policing initiatives'. When Mishra is not busy preparing proposals to slap preventive actions on criminals, he loves spending time with wife Riddhi who is a deputy director of income tax. Mishra's role as a DCP has been lauded for preventive actions which included externing even women anti-socials from city limits.Excerpts:Q. Are preventive actions like MPDA, etc tools of an artist or scalpel of a doctor?A. Formulating preventive action proposals is partly art and partly a scientific exercise. As most preventive records rely on the criminal history of the target person, it needs a trained eye to glean the relevant facts and present them in the form of a proposal. At the same time, for a proposal to succeed and withstand close scrutiny of courts, it is imperative that technicalities are complied with in a sound manner.Q. Aren't preventive actions boring in the age of encounter specialists?A. I am all for genuine encounters but the flashier variety has more often than not led to most unfortunate consequences. I convince myself that, at least, I am ensuring a temporary deterrence with preventive actions. There is a certain pride which comes to an officer when his proposals are upheld by the courts. That happens routinely in a preventive action but rarely in an encounter.Q. With human rights, media sensitivity and politicizing of issues having acquired immense importance, is prevention safer than detection?A. Human rights, media and politics are unavoidable and realities that cannot be wished away by any administrator. Direct police actions like patrolling, community policing and better interdepartmental coordination may not be exactly classified as 'preventive actions' but they are effective tools to deter a crime in the first place.However, specifically in the case of habitual offenders and more so for organized crimes, I believe preventive actions assume great significance. As the present conviction statistics are discouraging. I think preventive actions lend at least some impetus to our efforts to keep the common public out of harm's way.Q. Would future of policing be: prevention-oriented or detection-oriented?A. Detection, as I said, is the raison d'etre of our job. It is what agriculture is to Indian economy. In future, preventive actions would gain increased importance especially in urban centres where the media positively comments on such actions and assesses every crime with regard to its preventable quotient also. Today, the public is not satisfied with mere detection but also debates whether the crime was preventable in the first place. Whereas tools of detection are getting sharper by the day due to technological advances, preventive actions are caught in a time warp and essentially remain an academic function.Q. Even if an officer takes effective preventive actions, he or she feels that it is the detection rate that is the benchmark of success ...A. We all live by memories of what went wrong and not what could have gone wrong. So it is the punitive and not preventive action that will appeal to ordinary citizens. The fireman who jumps into a burning building to douse the flame is the people's darling and not the fire inspector who meticulously checks every fire extinguisher and gives a 10-page report recommending the sealing of the premises due to inadequate fire safety measures. Ideally, the detection branch and the preventive cell should coordinate. The detectives with their field level intelligence inputs must help the preventive cell identify and prioritize the persons to be targeted. This would give no breathing time to the criminals. Also, we must target the biggies to scare the petty badmaash.Q. What are the structural deficiencies of preventive actions and remedies?A. Record maintenance is of prime importance. Each and every illegal activity indulged in by the antisocial element must be recorded. Even instances of unsigned complaints must be recorded for future reference. As far as legal provisions are concerned, they are fairly even for enforcers and defendants both. The deficiencies are at the level where proposals are initiated and scrutinized. Given the nature of our work, we are often unable to pay due attention to the little details that can prove dear later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11854319", "title": "City to remain under cold cover for few more days", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as Wednesday's 9.5 degrees Celsius was declared as the coldest February night in four years, the temperatures over the next two days fell a notch lower. The mercury dipped to the level of 9.0 degrees on Friday as well as Saturday, which is almost six degrees below normal.The city was the coldest in the region on Saturday, with Gondia, Akola and Washim following at 9.8, 10.3 and 10.4 degrees respectively. Nagpur's maximum temperature was 28.1 degrees. Washim also experienced the highest maximum temperature in the region at 30.6 degrees, while Akola was a close second at 29.9 degrees.The harsh winter, that the city had bid a premature adieu, has started making its presence feel all over again. After a brief period of warmth, the chill is back in the air with the temperature nearing 9 degree celsius for three days in continuation uptil Saturday.The met department predicts that the trend would continue over the next few days. They also say that in a few days' time the weather conditions would be totally opposite and the citizens can expect warmer days by the end of the month. The weathermen attributed the cold winds to the western disturbances in the northern region of the country by the weathermen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11854216", "title": "'General took revenge for not altering DoB'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Major-General T S Handa alleged his annual confidential report (ACR) was \"spoilt\" by General V K Singh as he did not change the Army chief's date of birth. The Chandigarh bench of the Armed Forces Tribunal will hear Major General Handa's petition on February 14.It happened when Major-General Handa was posted as deputy military secretary in the military secretary branch. As general officer commanding (GOC), 2 Corps, Ambala, General Singh's papers were sent to his branch.In his petition filed last April, Handa said that despite outstanding career record, he was not considered for promotion to the Lt-Gen's rank because of adverse remarks in his ACR by General Singh as Army commander of Eastern Command.While in Ambala as general officer commanding of 2 Corps, Singh had submitted an application to the military secretary branch for changing his date of birth from May 10, 1950, to May 10, 1951.Handa, who was then brigadier and was posted as deputy military secretary in the Ambala branch, claimed the branch did not consider General Singh's request. But Singh held him responsible for not amending his date of birth. Handa claimed his ACR was spoilt in 2007 when General Singh was GOC-in-C of Eastern Command and Handa was general officer commanding, 57 Mountain Division, in the northeast sector.One of his brigade commanders had then taken up a case with him for posting out a woman officer. She was the only woman officer posted in a tough area and had developed suicidal tendencies. \"On seeing the sensitivity of the matter, Major-General Handa forwarded the matter to the Army Headquarters to post the woman in another area. However, he was blamed for mishandling the case and was given adverse remarks in the ACR,\" the petition said.Major-General Handa said V K Singh wrote remarks like 'displeasure' and 'lukewarm' in his ACR without giving him any opportunity of being heard. Later, when he moved a non-statutory complaint against the ACR to the Army Headquarters, it was again rejected by General Singh, who was by then the Army chief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11854960", "title": "Man kills self after wife found hanging", "text": "CHENNAI: A 24-year-old woman and her husband committed suicide by hanging at their residence in Selaiyur, reportedly within hours of each other. The couple's two-year-old son was found weeping near the bodies on Saturday morning by the family members of the deceased woman, Vijaya.On Friday night, police said, Manimaran, who worked in a printing press, returned home from work and found Vijaya hanging from the ceiling. She had allegedly ended her life after a quarrel with her husband. Manimaran then informed his in-laws' in Kumbakonam and they are said to have abused him, blaming for his wife's death. Vijaya had made the bedsheet into a rope and hung from it, police said.On Saturday morning, Vijaya's family members rushed to the couple's house in West Tambaram and found Manimaran hanging and his wife's body on the bed. Their two-year-old child was weeping.Police, too, had rushed there after pbeing alerted by neighbours who grew suspicious as the couple's son was crying continuously. Police removed the bodies to the government hospital for post mortem.Based on the information provided by Vijaya's parents, police said Manimaran, who got married three years ago, on Friday morning chided his wife for the delay in packing his lunch and a wordy duel ensued between the two. Manimaran left home in a huff, without his lunch box.At night, after he informed his in-laws about his wife's suicide and was abused, Manimaran took his own life, allegedly feared that his in-laws' might lodge a complaint against him, police said.The Selaiyur police registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11854151", "title": "Fashion designer robbed", "text": "MUMBAI: Fashion designer Kanwaljeet Singh has lodged a complaint of theft with the Amboli police after his office boy allegedly ran away with his diamond ring, cash and mobile, collectively worth Rs 1.05 lakh.Singh, who has a store, a restaurant and a spa in Andheri told the police that the boy, Subhash, was hired three days ago.The incident took place on Thursday. \"I never imagined that he would steal my valuables,\" Singh told TOI. \"On Thursday, I received Rs 18,000 from a film-maker's sister for whom I had designed clothes. Her driver gave the envelope with the money to Subhash who gave it to me. He saw me keep the money in my wallet, which had Rs 9,000 in it.\" On the way to his store, Singh also kept his Rs-75,000 diamond ring in his wallet.Around 4pm, Singh gave Subhash money to buy food. \"I did not see him after that. At 1.30 am, I took an auto back home. When I was about to pay the driver, I realized that my wallet was stolen,\" Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11858947", "title": "'Producers, too money minded'", "text": "... Says Major Ravi who is rather troubled with the attitude of the producers who approach himMajor Ravi is one director in Mollywood who could brag about cost and time efficient production of his movies. However, the filmmaker is rather troubled with the attitude of the producers who approach him.Ravi says that in Mollywood, the producers are more concerned about the money they will make out of the movies even before they hear the story.\"Here they want to discuss for how much will the satellite and distribution rights sell instead of seeing the creative side of filmmaking,\" he points out. The Keerthichakra director says that \"it is stupid to think money over passion\" as it will curb the creative liberty. \"Tamil and Hindi movies offer a varied viewing experience because the producers are willing to take risk on the subject and it often pays off,\" he explains.He insists choosing megastars Mohanlal and Mammootty for his previous four projects was not a conscious decision \"but the presence of a star guaranteed that the producer is safe.\" Claiming that his last film Kurukshetra, a war-genre movie, was completed for Rs 3.5 crore and under 30 days , the director says Mollywood has to plan it's movie production from the scripting stage so it can cut back the post-production costs, which usually eats most of the share.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11860535", "title": "Rs 1 crore seized in Amravati ahead of civic polls, 2 held", "text": "AMRAVATI: Cash worth Rs one crore, which was being transported into the city from Nagpur in a car and meant to be used during this week's civic polls, has been seized and two persons have been arrested, police said today.The cash was recovered after the vehicle, a Ford car (MH-31 /D-4744), was thoroughly checked as part of police 'nakabandi' at Panchwati square here around 1.30 am last night, following which, the two men travelling in the car were held, Commissioner of Police Amiteshkumar told reporters here.Even though unconfirmed reports say that the vehicle belonged to a minister in Nagpur, police are yet to confirm it as the arrested-- Ashish Bodhankar and Prakash Masram, both residents of Nagpur-- have not named any person or party.\"However, even though they have not named anybody or any party as yet, they have confirmed that the cash was meant for election purpose,\" the commissioner said adding that things would become clear by evening.The cash was kept in two bags that were hidden under the seats of the vehicle, police said adding that the money as well as the car were seized.Police have registered an offence against the duo under section 41(1)(d) of CrPC and the incident has been informed to the State Election Commission, he said.Like other civic bodies in Maharashtra, the Amravati Municipal Corporation is going to polls on February 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11856615", "title": "Junior doctors' stir leaves 24 dead", "text": "HYDERABAD: The 50-day junior doctors' strike has claimed a heavy price , with as many as 24 deaths that occurred between Friday night and Saturday morning across the state ,being attributed to the paralysed emergency services at staterun hospitals . Seventeen deaths were reported from three tertiary care hospitals in Hyderabad __ six each from Gandhi and Osmania General Hospital (OGH) and of five new-born babies at Niloufer Hospital .Five deaths were reportedin Kurnool .Visakhapatnam and Bhadrachalam accounted for one each . However , state health authorities , as expected , termed the deaths as routine' and said they were no way related to doctors' boycott of emergency duties.There were heart-rending scenes of patients suffering in front of emergency wards at government hospitals as doctors stayed away from emergency duties even as patients , most of them poor , were being turned away to private facilities . Chaotic scenes were witnessed at the casualty wards andintensivecareunitsofvarious departments at the hospitals in Visakhapatnam , Vijayawada , Guntur , Kakinada , Tirupati , Anantapur , Kurnool and Warangal . Vital casualty wards , intensive care units of various departments , in-patient and outpatient wards at all the teaching hospitals were badly hit due to the strike . Victims of accidents and burns were the worst hit with no doctor available in the emergency wing .Pavan Singh , a Dhoolpet resident was at OGH trying to find a doctor for his relative . \"We were referred from the Chest Hospital . My brother-inlaw developed severe swelling on his left leg and had other complications . He was unable to walk . We brought him in an ambulance to the hospital but were told that doctors had left for theday .\"Also at OGH was a 12-member group that had met with an accident near Mahbubnagar while returning from Tirupati . Thevictimswithbleedinginjurieswere rushedtoOGHon Saturday afternoon . Of the 12, an old couple, Narsamma and Narsi Reddy , were lying on stretchersoutsidethecasualty .Pvt hospitals making most of medicos' strikeA 7-year-old boy in the group had suffered internal injuries and was crying in pain even as his mother said that they were directed to the orthopaedic department from the emergency but found no doctor there. \"Now, we have no choice but to go to a private hospital,\" she said.Boycotting the emergency services since Friday evening are 2,800 junior doctors across 10 teaching hospitals in the state who constitute 95 per cent of the workforce in the emergency medical care. Their demand : a 40 percent hike in stipend and reduction in the compulsory service in rural areas from three years to one year, upgradation of emergency care infrastructure and deployment of special protection force at the teaching hospitals.Earlier, the state government had formed a cabinet subcommittee comprising health minister K Murali Mohan, primary education minister S Shailajanath, finance minister Anam Ramnarayan Reddy and industries minister J Geeta Reddy to look into their demands and find a solution. During the 50-day period, the medicos were called for talks at least four times, but they failed on all occasions. In fact, soon after the doctors started boycotting emergencies on Friday evening , they were invited for talks but the impasse continued.The private sector is predictably benefiting from the standoff. According to sources, there has been a 15-20 per cent rise in the number of patients rushing to small hospitals and nursing homes. \"Patients are looking for an alternative. Whenever there is a strike, they are diverted to the private sector but the problem is they are poor patients. With the strike stretching for such a long time where will these patients go? They have come back to us,\" said the managing director of a nursing home.Hospital authorities said they were using the services of non-clinical specialty staff, but it proved inadequate in tackling the flow of patients. OGH superintendent Dr K Ramdas said that daily, 10-12 deaths are reported at the 1400-bedded hospital . This is routine and there has been no additional casualties due to the strike, he said. Similarly, Dr S Mahaboob, superintendent , Gandhi Hospital , said that out of the six deaths, one was 'brought dead' to the hospital. Dr D Ranganadh of Niloufer Hospital stated that all the five babies were just born and underweight .At King George Hospital in Vizag, all medical services were hit due to the strike by junior doctors, who account for 350 of the total 500 doctors working there. On Saturday, from the average 90 operations that the doctors perform everyday, only about 25 were performed and that too only the very serious cases were being taken up.The marathon strike, that was started in Vizag by medicos who had failed to get their stipend for several months, subsequently spread across the state and led to a complete breakdown of healthcare services in the public sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11854929", "title": "Readers sweat it out at Anna library", "text": "CHENNAI: Reading the poems of Sylvia Plath on her 59th death anniversary on Saturday was a tough task for Venkat Krishnan as the Anna Centenary Library had a blackout. It was dark inside the reading rooms and, without airconditioning, it was uncomfortably warm because of a power shutdown. The multiple generators had conked off.Like Krishnan, about 2,000 visitors, including children and researchers, had to either leave or sweat it out. Krishnan, a research scholar in English said he chose this place on Saturday to read his favourite poems of Plath on a day she threw away her life for eternal freedom. \"The outage happens almost every second Saturday,\" he said, complaining that his palms were so wet with sweat that he feared the books may get damaged.The library, now caught in legal battle after the government decided to convert into a specialty hospital, gets not less than 1200 visitors every week days and nearly 3,000 visitors during the weekends. Vidya Lakshmi, an engineering student of Anna University said the library administration often switch off air-conditioners by evening though the time was extended till 8pm everyday. \"Sometimes, it is unbearably hot inside as the windows are sealed,\" she said.When contacted, an official who is in charge of coordinating the library operations said the generators were not functioning. The library has two generators of 750 watts and 550 watts. \"We found the problem today morning and nothing could be done immediately,\" he said. A library staff said the blackout is common at least once a month. \"Even if the generators function, buying diesel to keep all the lights and air-conditioners running is not feasible. But the number of visitors is increasing every day, thanks to the move to shut it down,\" she said.Anna library is open for public every day from 9am to 8pm. It has more than 95 permanent library staff and 30 supporting staff. The library with seven floors of galleries showcase books on various subjects. A floor is dedicated to Tamil literature, and children have an exclusive area with books, play materials and computers.The library, now caught in legal battle after the government decided to convert into a specialty hospital, gets not less than 1,200 visitors every week days and nearly 3,000 visitors during the weekends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11854700", "title": "It's Victoria vs Jennifer in Taleigao", "text": "PANAJI: Victoria Fernandes' resignation as the only woman MLA in the 40-member Goa legislative assembly on Saturday has thrown up another dimension to the burgeoning ambitions of the state's political families.The move by the until-Saturday St Cruz MLA has left political circles abuzz that the septuagenarian will contest as an independent in Taleigao against Congress candidate and sitting MLA Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate's wife, Jennifer.When contacted, Victoria confirmed: \"I am planning to contest from Taleigao.\"Victoria's move comes in the backdrop of the Congress dropping her candidature for the St Cruz seat and allotting the same to Atanasio.On Friday, Victoria's son Rudolf filed his nomination as an independent candidate for the St Cruz constituency.Atanasio, reacting to Victoria's move, told TOI, \"It is a democratic country and anybody is free to contest from anywhere.\"Asked how his wife will fair against the four-time MLA, he said, \"I leave it to the voters to decide.\"The development has ensured that the two Tiswadi constituencies of St Cruz and Taleigao will see a clash between the Monserrate and Fernandes families-Atanasio and Rudolf in St Cruz and Jennifer and Victoria in Taleigao.The senior legislator who is also called Mummy, sent her resignation as MLA to the speaker and also quit from the Congress party on Saturday evening.Victoria has served as a Congress MLA on three occasions and on one as an independent. For the last two terms she has been the only woman legislator in the state assembly.Jennifer had challenged Victoria in St Cruz during the 2007 elections and had ended up third in the race.Seven political families are set to contest the polls as nominees of various parties, but mainly the Congress and the NCP.These families include four members of the Alemao clan, two each of the Ranes, Dhavalikars, Madkaikars, Monserrates, Naiks, Salgaocars, and now, Fernandes.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "11854582", "title": "Jolt to BJP, loyalist challenges sitting MLA in Shiroda", "text": "PONDA: Irked over the denial of a party ticket, Vishwas Prabhudesai, a BJP loyalist, has challenged his own sitting MLA in Shiroda. Prabhudesai filed his nomination on Thursday as an Independent candidate from the constituency.\"Anti-incumbency and negative voting against sitting MLA Mahadev Naik and Congress' Subhash Shirodkar will help me to win in Shiroda,\" Prabhudesai told TOI.\"I am working for the BJP since the beginning, when Mahadev Naik was a personal assistant to Subhash Shirodkar. Despite working for the last 22 years, BJP has betrayed me and that will create sympathy in the minds of Shiroda's electors,\" Prabhudesai explained.Recalling past events, Prabhudesai said, \"I was all set to get the party ticket for the 2007 election, however, the party decided to try the then new-entrant Mahadev Naik. BJP leader Manohar Parrikar had assured me that the party ticket for 2012 would be given to me even if Naik won (in 2007). But BJP has failed to keep its word.\"Prabhudesai said that he along with other party activists have worked tirelessly for the BJP and were instrumental in the victory of Naik during the last election.Speaking on issues, he said unemployment has left youth restless in villages in the constituency and electors are looking for a third option which he would provide. He added that he has the support of around 7,700 voters. He said he's also capable of digging into the vote bank of the Congress as people are tired of that party as well.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11855542", "title": "Govt is clueless, may pass buck to Houses", "text": "Bangalore: Is the state government toying with the idea of placing before the legislature Justice Chandrashekaraiah's appointment as Upa Lokayukta? If it does so - in order to escape embarrassment caused by governor HR Bhardwaj's rap and chief justice Vikramajit Sen complaint that he was not consulted - it would amount to impeachment.An indication to this effect was given by law minister S Suresh Kumar on Saturday. Speaking to reporters in Hassan, he said he would discuss the issue with chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda on these lines. A Lokayukta or an Upa Lokayukta cannot be recalled.The government is caught in a bind as it cannot ignore the strong observation made by the chief justice that he was kept in the dark about Justice Chandrashekaraiah's appointment, nor can it ask the latter to step down from the post. Further embarrassment came when the governor said the government had erred, and asked it to correct its mistake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "siliguri", "code": "11855288", "title": "Centre delaying Gorkhaland: Mamata", "text": "SILIGURI: West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Saturday took a dig at the Centre again over the Gorkha Territorial Administration (GTA) accord. She blamed the Centre for the delay in implementing the GTA. It's pending for the last six months.The tripartite agreement was signed on July 18, 2011. \"I agree with their complaint. There has been a delay. The Centre should not have done it. The Centre sought clarification from the state government on two clauses which we sent on time,\" Mamata said after meeting Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) representatives in Siliguri. GJM general secretary Roshan Giri was with her while she slammed the Centre.Mamata will meet PM Manmohan Singh in the last week of February to find out what's delaying the GTA Bill. She called the PMO on Saturday and sought a meeting with the PM. She will visit Darjeeling on February 28.At a programme organized by the Railways at Gosaipur, Mamata said, \"I will meet the PM to know about this inordinate delay in clearing the GTA. I'll also speak to him about the development of Darjeeling, Cooch Behar and Bankura. I will return to Darjeeling on February 28.\"\"We didn't delay it. But now the Centre is sitting on the Bill. They (the Centre) sought some clarifications, we cleared it immediately. Don't know why they are delaying it,\" she added.GJM general secretary Roshan Giri said they were satisfied with the meeting with Mamata. But GJM is not calling off its agitation plan. \"Our party president has announced a deadline for the implementation of the GTA. We are looking to all concerned and have nothing against the CM who will come to the Hills after her meeting with the PM,\" Giri said.The Adivasi Vikash Parishad in the Dooars, however, is adamant that \"not an inch\" of Terai-Dooars would be included in GTA. After Mamata's meeting with GJM leaders on Saturday, Parishad leader Rajesh Lakra said he was unhappy with the name of the forthcoming tea festival. \"It's called Jalpaiguri Tea Tribal Festival. What does it mean? There are so many tribals who are not tea garden workers,\" said Lakra.He criticized the government \"wasting crores of rupees on festivals\" while the people of north Bengal were dying of starvation.The GJM team had been staying in Siliguri to thrash out the GTA issue . \"We are answerable to the people of Darjeeling and they want to know why we've got nothing but promises ,\" said a member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11855644", "title": "Army chief reviews South Western Command's operational preparedness", "text": "JAIPUR: Army chief General V K Singh on Saturday reviewed the operational preparedness of the South Western Command here and interacted with the officers of the command.Singh came to the Jaipur-based command for the first time this year with his wife Bharti for a two-day visit on Friday.Impressing upon the ranks and files of the Jaipur military station with the strengths and core competencies of the army, Singh enjoined the officers to inculcate the deepest sense of professionalism while working in the interest of the nation. He also stressed upon the rich traditions of the force and emphasized the importance to remain focused on the job at hand while preparing for all contingencies.Singh, who lost the legal battle on his age row in the Supreme Court, will be on an official tour of Britain from February 13 to 17 to hold discussions with senior military leaders there about the ways of strengthening defence ties between the two countries.After the apex court's observation, Singh had to withdraw his petition against the Centre on Friday and will retire on May 31 this year as per the Army records which put his birth date as May 10, 1950.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11854918", "title": "Flip-flops did Zahira Sheikh in", "text": "Like Bilkis Bano, Zahira Sheikh too was 19 when she witnessed 14 of her loved ones being murdered at the Best Bakery on March 1, 2002. Like Bilkis, she even vowed to fight for justice and ensure that the rioters are punished. But unlike Bilkis, she refused to identify the offenders in a sessions court in Vadodara the next year and all accused were let off. The Gujarat high court too upheld the acquittal.However, like Bilkis, her case was retried outside Gujarat in Mumbai and the accused were convicted. Life has been tough for Zahira in the last decade, as she has fallen off the radar and prefers anonymity. All those who supported her over the years, now want nothing to do with her. This includes the Muslim community in Vadodara who see her as a traitor.Her kin in Uttar Pradesh, from where her family had migrated, too don't want to help her. Before the retrial in Mumbai started in 2004-5, Zahira had blamed the BJP MLA from Waghodia Madhu Srivastav for her flip-flop. The Supreme Court ordered for a fresh trial outside Gujarat on her statement. However, it was then revealed that she had been allegedly bought over by powerful people.Zahira sprang another surprise by accusing social activist Teesta Setalvad of coercion and illegal detention. Teesta had provide her family legal assistance. Amid the controversy, the trial took place and Zahira remained silent even during the retrial. However, her family members supported the prosecution's case and nine of the accused were sentenced to life imprisonment. Eight others were acquitted for lack of evidence.Zahira became the only riot victim to be sentenced to jail for one year for perjury. After spending a year's imprisonment in Mumbai and Nasik jails, Zaheera did not return to the bakery on Hanuman Tekri in Vadodara.Setalwad says, \"It is personally disturbing for me. It was a long and tough fight, and she did a turn around. She was a victim won over. She was just a pawn in a much bigger game. It was not Zahira, but those powerful people using her in order to damage the cause of securing justice in the 2002 riot cases.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11855688", "title": "MP smells rat in porn scandal", "text": "MYSORE: Congress MP A H Vishwanath on Saturday demanded a high-level inquiry into the porn scandal involving three BJP ministers to establish the conspiracy factor. He, however, said this should not be construed as he is defending any wrongdoers.He told the media here that as per the law, people who are involved in the conspiracy should also get the same punishment as those who commit the crime.Suspecting the involvement of RSS elements in the incident, he said: \"Along with the ministers resigned, the conspirators should also be exposed and punished. Even Krishna Palemar has said that he did not know from whose cell phone he received the video footage,\" he said.Only a high-level probe, not the House committee, will be able to reveal the source and the reasons for transmitting the footage, he said. Stating that he is worried about the image of the state, the MP said the conspirators might have done this to snub their own party members and leaders, but Karnataka's image has been left dented.Dubbing RSS for all such conspiracies in the country, he said those who had hatched a plot to kill Mahatama Gandhi can conspire against anybody. \"At the recent meet in Hubli, RSS leaders assaulted the followers of their leader (Yeddyurappa) and this shows they can stoop to any level,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11854054", "title": "House that! Living room by day, bedroom at night", "text": "MUMBAI: In a dingy corner on the sixth floor of a tower at Jogeshwari East, a box is being built. It will soon become a home. The apartment's only room will masquerade as the living room by day, and by night it flips into the bedroom. Weekends, its avatar changes to a gaming zone, and after the slot machines are pushed back into the wall, the same space doubles as a dance floor. While not every house in Mumbai is a cubbyhole, the converse is true, every cranny could indeed double as somebody's home in this city. In an earlier life, this Jogeshwari flat or box was a typical 'one room-kitchen house'; to those with limited imagination, it could be nothing more.But then a couple of interior designers-one may call them space surgeons-'cut' the bathroom and add half its area to the single large room to render it good enough for multiple possibilities-sitting room, bedroom and gaming room. A corner, the size of a tea stall, makes up the kitchen. This is the new reality of the under-350 sq ft world.The bathroom is now the size of an aircraft toilet. But architect-cum-interior designer Anish Mistry says his client made it clear that he doesn't have time for a long bath. And it's not just the well-heeled who have taken an interest in space management. \"Even people living in chawls have been hiring interior designers to capitalize on every square inch of space they've paid for through their nose,\" says Kersi Mistri, proprietor of Woodpeckers, a Mumbai-based interior-design firm.For long, Indians have lived frugally. Dreams were bearish. Pay cheques mousy. And profits stingy. Consequently, homes resembled hyphens. Then, something changed fundamentally. The generation that watched Maruti Suzuki cars roll out from a factory in New Delhi also saw an orthodox, sluggish economy hitting the accelerator.By the time India marched into the '90s, people had woken up to the possibility of a 'king-size' life, brokered by the growth of corporates, the rise of the sensex and a parade of big brands carving out a niche in liberalized India. The turn of the 21st century heralded mega business deals, six-lane highways, fattening foreign reserves, and oodles of confidence, all of which gave birth to the cliche-larger than life.But this larger than life phenomenon was not reflected in Mumbai homes. On account of the prohibitive costs of real estate in metros, most houses continue to be no larger than holes, albeit founded on sky-high dreams.But astute designers know well to fit big ambitions in small spaces. As Mistri says, \"Earlier, the rich came to designers and we designed for luxury. Now, designing space is based on the need, on the utilitarian value of space.\"Dinesh Kargathara and Zeenal Chheda, who run Hardlight Sudio, say utility of space isn't the only thing driving small homeowners to designers. \"Their flat may be small, but the lifestyle of youngsters isn't. They are ready to play with lights and colours and make their homes designer houses,\" says Chheda. And Kargathara has a point when he says that a lot of his clients buy a 1 BHK flat but ask him to rearrange space such that there is a second room for a child.It's pure economics. \"A 1BHK flat in Mulund would cost Rs 70 lakh and a 2BHK would cost over Rs 1.3 crore. So, a lot of people buy the 1BHK flat, put in an additional Rs 10 lakh and convert the same space into a 2BHK house,\" explains Kargathara.This isn't only the reality of new homes. Even those living in old localities of the city are turning to professionals to redesign space as their families grow. Interior designer Arif Khatri says he has worked on a lot of homes in areas in Bhendi Bazaar where a house was just one long room. \"As they cannot afford a flat anywhere else, owners want to break down that one large room into sections, for privacy,\" he says.Prasad Badle, principal at Rachana Sansad's School of Interior Design says that with the changing needs of people, his colleges have started teaching students to design loft homes and chawl houses with an area of 250 sq ft. \"Working with frugal space is one of the most important subjects at the institute today,\" he says.What renowned Swiss architect Charles-Edouard Jeanneret, better known as Le Corbusier, said in 1930 about the use of space has been guiding the interior designers of space-starved Mumbai: \"Architecture is in space, in extent, in depth, in height; it is in volumes and in circulation.\"Moreover, space also happens to be the final frontier. And their economy of it doesn't impair their desires for what they never had before-storage room, children's studies or work dens.These new needs have given birth to what the industry calls layout artists. These are young boys and girls who start out after graduation armed with the skills of an interior designer, but who are yet to land that first assignment they call their 'break'. This is what they do: they visit the site once, understand the needs of the client and offer them a few design options they create on a computer.While these layout artists may have the skill, they don't have the labour to get the job done. But their ideas can be realized by a freelance contractor. \"These people give about three options for a paltry sum of Rs 4,000-5,000. They give you the floor plan and the elevation and then any contractor can carry out the work,\" says Mistri. This tribe of layout artists has only grown, pointing to the rising demand for their services, with clients across the city-from Bhendi Bazaar to Jogeshwari. These days, everyone wants maximum returns in world that is shrinking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11854982", "title": "Airport developer wants police protection", "text": "KOCHI: Developers of Aranmula airport approached the Kerala high court on Friday seeking police protection against BJP and Yuva Morcha activists staging protests at the proposed site for the international greenfield airport in Pathanamthitta.Considering a petition by KGS Aranmula International Airport Ltd executive director Nandakumar PT, division bench of Justice CN Ramachandran Nair and Justice K Vinod Chandran ordered that urgent notices be sent to the state government and police authorities.In the petition, the company is seeking protection for its employees and workers, pointing out that BJP and Yuva Morcha activists are obstructing work at the site. The company has named BJP leaders CK Padmanabhan, VN Unni, and several local leaders in the petition. According to the petition, BJP conducted a protest at the site on January 3, 2012 that ended in stone pelting at the developer's office, which resulted in loss amounting to Rs 2 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11855228", "title": "Four hurt in NCP, Congress clash", "text": "NASHIK: A clash broke out between party workers of the Congress and the NCP in ward number 17 of the Satpur division on Saturday, injuring four people.Though both the parties have entered into a pre-poll alliance for the NMC polls, in two wards they are contesting against each other in a \"friendly fight\".Police said supporters of Dinkar Patil of the Congress and Sadashiv Mali of the NCP, who are contesting the elections from this ward, had taken out rallies. When they came face-to-face, they started shouting slogans against each other. The incident took an ugly turn when the two groups started pelting stones at each other.Four persons were injured before the police brought the situation under control.Gangapur police said that an additional force has been deployed in the ward to avert any untoward incident in the future.This is one of the only two wards in the city, (the other being ward 21) where Congress-NCP candidates are cont-esting the election Sagainst each other.Police said that both the parties were registering cross complaints at the Gangapur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11858925", "title": "Prithviraj's childhood dream", "text": "Prithviraj's dream was to work in a garage; today he makes up for it by owning some of the best cars in the marketWhen Prithviraj was in school, he and two of his friends , Arjun and Govind, used to dream about working in an automobile garage when they grew up. \"We used to be passionate about cars, and discuss endlessly about them. It was like our life's ambition to work with something related to cars.\" But it turned out that only one of the trio realised the dream. \"Only Govind got lucky. He runs a high end garage in Dubai where they cater to luxury cars, even Lamborginis. So mine is not the dream job after all,\" quips Prithviraj.At the same time, the actor has made good use of his choice of field by buying the best cars he can afford. \"Yes, I own a couple of luxury cars and keep myself updated on the latest in the field,\" says Prithivraj, who adds that he is passionate about cinema now. \"\"I never knew I loved cinema so much until I entered the field.\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11854750", "title": "Chemicals company makes Rs 15 crore disclosures", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City-based Bodal Chemicals on Saturday has made unaccounted income disclosures worth Rs 15 crore to the income tax department. The disclosures were made following a two-day search operation at 18 premises of the company in Ahmedabad, Vadodara, Panoli and Kolkata.\"We have made a group disclosure of Rs 15 crore to the department,\" said Bodal Chemicals chairman and managing director Suresh Patel. Income tax officials on Thursday cracked down on the dye and dye intermediates manufacturing company.I-T sleuths had carried searches at company's manufacturing plants in Vatva and Panoli and Patel's residence at Bopal. During the operation, I-T officials seized jewellery worth Rs 50 lakh and Rs 10 lakh in cash.\"During the search, we found documents which suggest that the company had inflated the expenditure especially the commission. However, it can only be confirmed after the investigations. We are also looking at a few other companies associated with the company which were covered in the search,\" said a senior I-T official.During the operation, I-T officials had also carried search at office of Shanti Inorgochem which is associated with Bodal Chemicals.Bodal Chemicals manufactures a range of dye intermediates and variants in dyestuff. It is a major exporter of dyes and dye intermediates to US, Brazil, UK, Italy, Turkey, China, Japan and Pakistan. The company reported a top line of Rs 572.42 crore for 2010-11 in its annual report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "11854389", "title": "7-year-old boy's body found in well", "text": "WARDHA: A 7-year-old boy was found dead in the well near his residence in Mhasala, Wardha, on Saturday morning. Anand Diwan was missing since Wednesday and a report was filed at Sewagram police station. Police found his body in the well. Inspector of Sewagram police station K Mirza said that police are not doubting anybody but are awaiting the post-mortem report to make further progress in the investigation.State library convention beginsThe 51st convention of Maharashtra Rajya Granthalay Sangh (MRGS) was inaugurated at Satyanarayan Bajaj library on Saturday. President of MRGS, Mumbai, Dr Ramesh Janbandhu, inaugurated the convention. This is the first time library convention is being organised in Wardha.Thousands employees of various libraries from Maharashtra have come to Wardha to participate in the convention. Organiser of the convention Gajanan Kotewar said that various issues faced by libraries and librarians will be discussed in the two-day conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11858436", "title": "Who's afraid of opera?", "text": "The high notes, outlandish names and clan of cognoscenti have endowed opera with a mystique, tinged with fear. Which is unwarranted, for opera is, quite simply, music-drama; the precursor of the Broadway musical, if you will.What makes opera different? Apart from the fact that most of them are not in English, it's the style of singing. In musicals, singers are (usually) supported by electronic amplification to fill the theatre; in opera, the singer relies on his own body, fuelled by immense reserves of breath, to provide the necessary volume and resonance of sound to ride over a live 100-piece orchestra and fill a 2000-seat opera-house! An operatic voice may thus, at first, sound \"artificial\" but can be thrilling, especially on those high notes and in music which demands great vocal agility in executing tricky runs and leaps, much like the taan-s of an Indian classical vocalist.Indeed, older operas made great demands on a singer's vocal technique; and were somewhat stylised and predictable in their musical language. Plots were initially drawn from classical literature and mythology, eventually giving way to more contemporary sources and melodic invention in the operas of Mozart and Verdi, among others. Novels and plays by authors as diverse as Beaumarchais, Sir Walter Scott , Schiller, Dumas and Shakespeare were shaped into singing-texts (called libretti), the characters were flesh-and-blood, the music more \"natural\" and free-flowing... though not entirely devoid of florid gestures and formality.Set the background Near the end of the 19th Century, a style called Verismo (or Realism) was born. Here the plots were earthy, the people generally drawn from everyday life, their passions palpable.The music of Verismo reflects this raw passion, inflected with poetry. The orchestral palette is fullblooded and highly expressive of emotions, the vocal style commensurately full-throttle; \"beautiful\" singing for its own sake being replaced by an all-encompassing, musico-dramatic rendition of the words and notes, making each character's inner feelings and outer predicament extraordinarily vivid.The productions of Verismo operas tend to be hyper-realistic; and lend themselves well to \"updating\" by setting them in modern times. The acting-style used to be somewhat melodramatic (a la Bollywood ) but nowadays is in accordance with the current preference for naturalism and truth.Meet the cast Though the ever-popular Carmen has all the required features and was composed 15 years earlier, the first Verismo opera proper is considered to be Cavalleria Rusticana (Rustic Chivalry) by the composer Pietro Mascagni, who was little-known at the time. It was soon followed by Pagliacci (The Clowns) by the equally unknown Ruggiero Leoncavallo; and composed in the same style. They are often performed together, as they will be on Saturday.Affectionately known as Cav and Pag, the two are indeed peas in a pod. Both are set in rural Southern Italy; both are more-or-less in realtime, with events spanning a single day; both are in one act, consisting of two scenes separated by an orchestral intermezzo; both involve adultery and end in murder.Cavalleria is the milder one. It takes place on Easter Sunday in the piazza outside a village church; and offers colourful glimpses of villagelife, including Easter festivities. The plot consists of two intersecting love-triangles, between Santuzza, Turiddu and Lola, who is married to Alfio. The tragedy's catalyst is Santuzza; excommunicated, betrayed and fatally jealous. Her love for Turiddu is desperate, unable to understand why he must return to his erstwhile flame, Lola, after she has married. Their duet, filled with passion and pain, is the opera's centrepiece. Apart from this, each character has his or her musical spotlight; not least of all the chorus, whose Easter Hymn is one of the greatest devotional outpourings on an operatic stage, punctuated by Santuzza's heart-rending cries of \"O Signor!\" (Oh Lord!)Cavalleria opens with Turiddu's offstage serenade; Pagliacci with a Prologue in front of the curtain, where the hunchback Tonio sings, \"Our author has endeavoured to paint for you a slice of life, his only maxim being that the artist is a man, and he must write for men.\" Like Santuzza, Tonio is the force that drives the tragedy towards its shattering conclusion, ending with the words, spoken straight to the audience, \"The comedy is over.\" For this tragedy is set, paradoxically, in the milieu of a touring company of comedians. Here too is a love-triangle, between Canio, who is the troupe's middle-aged owner-manager, his young wife Nedda and her lover Silvio (with Tonio as the lustful, envious outsider), reaching its brutal, numbing resolution in a play within a play, during which life and art become inexorably intertwined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11856078", "title": "Industries push for Kudankulam", "text": "CHENNAI: The prolonged power cuts in several districts have strengthened the voices in support of the Kudankulam nuclear power project.A day after the Tamil Nadu Chamber of Commerce and Industry (TNCCI) wrote to chief minister J Jayalalithaa seeking steps to commission the Kudankulam nuclear plant, the Tamil Nadu Small &amp; Tiny Industries Association (Tanstia) has reiterated its demand for early commissioning of the plant. \"The Kudankulam project, which is halted fearing environmental threat, must be commissioned soon to solve power issues in the state,\" said Tanstia president K R Thangaraj.Tanstia, which launched a protest in Coimbatore on Friday against severe power cuts, said it will expand the agitation across the state till February 21. The association, which employs more than 78 lakh people, said power cuts hit small and micro industries the most as they cannot afford alternative sources of power.\"There are long unscheduled power cuts across the state that affects our business. Reeling under power cuts and high bank lending rates, more than 50% of small industries are on the verge of closure,\" Thangaraj said. \"We expect the government to find a solution to save small industries.\"The government had last year promised MSMEs that the state will provide uninterrupted power supply within a few months. Thangaraj said the chief minister has failed to fulfill the promise.Meanwhile, TNCCI has requested the government to provide relief funds to industries that were hurt by the cyclone Thane in December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11856466", "title": "Games flats: LG asks DDA to expedite process", "text": "New Delhi: Flats in the Commonwealth Games Village may finally be put to use now with the Lieutenant Governor's office issuing a directive to DDA to speed up the process of handing out completion certificates.As the matter of excess FAR still remains unresolved, the LG's office ordered DDA in a meeting on Friday to get 'tower-wise' completion certificates. This means individual towers will be given a completion certificate now instead of the entire complex.However, buyers of the flats sold by Emaar MGF may have to wait longer than it seems for taking possession.Sources in DDA said as the issue of excess FAR remains in the towers that belong to Emaar MGF, the DDA is likely to begin the process of issuing completion certificates to its own towers first.\"DDA has been asked to speed up the process even though the matter of excess FAR is still to be sorted out. It's difficult to say if the allotment of flats can begin soon as we will get clearance for our towers first,\" a DDA official said. For now, completion certificates to two towers and one flat in another tower equivalent to the excess FAR are likely to be delayed further. The Commonwealth Games Village has 34 towers with 1,168 flats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11854330", "title": "FTCCI aims to make Nagpur tiger capital of world", "text": "NAGPUR: The Friends of Tiger Country Central India (FTwas launched with a big bang when former miss universe Sushmita Sen released a bunch of balloons into the sky and signed as the first friend of the tiger country.The launch was held during the Vidarbha Economic Development (VED) council and Cenin travels organized Wagh Utsav 2012 to promote the region as the tiger capital of not only the country but of the whole world.While addressing the audience Vilas Kale, CMD, Cenin Travels said that FTCCI was formed in order to bring all the stake holders of the region together under a single umbrella organization so as to promote the development of the region and convert the unique status of Nagpur as the Gateway to the Tiger Land into tangible gains for the region.The declaration of Nagpur as the Gateway to the Tiger Land came after the much lauded and successful campaign by TOI, 'Nagpur roars of Waghpur'. The organizers said that little was done to take leverage of the declaration and the founding of the FTCCI was a step in that direction.Sushmita Sen was a lively diva during the launch and even joined the dancers on the stage to give a few thumkas. She said that as Nagpur was centrally located and well connected along with having such rich natural wealth, it had a lot of scope for development.\"I think what VED and Cenin travels is doing is great. Because what this region needs is recognition. Even I didn't know that this region had so many national parks around it and had been declared as the Gateway to the Tiger Land,\" said Sushmita adding that any region was blessed to have tigers in it.Earlier, the day started with the inauguration of photography exhibition and competition organized by Photojournalists and News Cameramen Association of Nagpur (PANCAN). The exhibition showcased 40 of the originally 500 submitted photographs and was well received by the audience. A painting competition was also organized for school children which proved to be a huge hit.The evening programme started off with a performance called Nagpur Darshan especially for Sen and was followed by Wagh dance. Students of St Ursula Girls High School performed a tribal dance flowed by a fashion show by the students of INIFD.Along with the office bearers of VED Nitin Gadkari , Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) national president and Ravindra Singhal, director, South Central Zone Cultural Centre (SCZCC) were also present during the function. The event was supported by Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC), SCZCC, Radio Mirchi, INIFD and PANCAN.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11855387", "title": "German Bakery yet to reopen", "text": "PUNE: German Bakery was to be restored and inaugurated on February 13 this year - the day of the blast that claimed 17 lives and injured 65 exactly two years ago on this day - but last-minute \"technical glitches\" have foiled the plans.Renovation work at the bakery has been on hold for technical reasons for several weeks, said Snehal, eldest daughter of bakery owner Smita Kharose.\"We wanted to reopen it on February 13, but it is not possible. Only 15 to 20 days of work remains to be finished. The rest of the bakery is in place. Besides some technical problems, the contractor has manpower crunch. I am working out ways to move things forward so that we can reopen the bakery as soon as possible, hopefully within a month or two,\" she said.In the last two years, over Rs 45 lakh has been spent so far on renovation work on the city's landmark in Koregaon Park.\"More money is required to get the bakery up and running. My mother and I are trying to raise additional finances. We, too, are facing a staff crunch. The last two years haven't been easy because we've never been able to reopen the bakery on the date announced,\" said Snehal.The new structure, designed by architect Pramod Purohit, comprises 750 sq ft area on the ground floor that will house the main food counter, while the 1,100 sq ft seating area on the first floor can accommodate 80 to 90 people.The revamped interiors will have wooden chairs and tables and the ceilings will be adorned with wooden finishing and panelling.A combination of wood and tile flooring is also part of the design plan.\"I have done my bit of designing the bakery's new layout and now it's the contractor who is doing the job of renovating the place,\" said Purohit.The bakery will offer table service and will be have adequate security. \"We will be retaining some of our previous Nepalese staff. We will take a call on making changes in the menu six months after the bakery is reopened,\" said Snehal.A few months after the blast, the Kharoses were given a compensation of around Rs 14 lakh by the state government. The family was able to get on with the bakery's renovation with an additional amount of over Rs 25 lakh taken as a loan.Snehal rubbishes any claims of change in the bakery's ownership or management. \"There were issues pertaining to the bakery before the blast and these continue even now. I don't think one needs to speculate on that. The bakery remains ours and we will never sell it to anyone. We just hope to reopen it as soon as we can,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11855714", "title": "Pilot at JNU convocation", "text": "JAIPUR: Union minister Sachin Pilot on Saturday urged the youngsters to prepare themselves to meet the challenges of a global society, as he handed over PhD degrees to successful students of the Jaipur National University here.Congress leader and businessman Rajeev Arora awarded gold medals to the meritorious students at the convocation day. University chancellor Sandeep Bakshi also emphasized the importance of global exposure in the modern-day education system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11859317", "title": "Valentine Day Gift: Bed linen, a new romantic gift", "text": "Get your loved one romantic bed linen instead of typical V-Day gifts!Move over roses and chocolates. This Valentine's, gift your love something which you both can enjoy. And what's best then the finest fabrics from Maishaa that will caress the delicate skin of your loved ones. Maishaa the luxury home textile brand presents a range of bedlinen and fabrics in the colours of red, pink and white for this loving season....the best way to kit out your loved nest with the colours that brings back the romance in your life.Maishaa Valentine's bedlinen collection is a combination of style, fashion and nature. The embroidery accentuates floral designs with accents of golden detailing on softest yarn. The bright crewel embroidery creates a delightful effect on the bedspread and makes your bed pleasing for your eyes.Maishaa Valentine's fabrics collection is a combination of rare luxury with quality fabrics and the best contemporary designs. The fabrics are water repellent leaving the stress or thought of having a liquid spilled or stained upholstery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11854775", "title": "Kerosene sold as turpentine; three held in Meghaninagar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of state director general of police's vigilance squad raided a kerosene unit in Meghaninagar on Saturday afternoon and seized 1600 liters of adulterated kerosene sold as turpentine, used as polisher in paint and furniture industry.According to vigilance squad officials, a team led by inspector R L Solanki and sub-inspector I R Chavda got a tip-off that kerosene adulteration is taking place in Meghaninagar. On basis of tip-off, the team raided a workshop near Limda bus stand on Bhargav Road at 4 pm and seized cans of kerosene and chemical.\"We nabbed Bhupendra Tomar, owner of the workshop, along with his assistants Dipu Rajput and Kaushik Ahir, all residents of Meghaninagar, from the spot. Tomar told us that he used to get kerosene and mix chemicals to give it a look of turpentine. The concoction was then sold to furniture and paint markets as genuine material,\" said Chavda.The team confirmed that kerosene seized was sourced from ration shops. \"The group used to get 1 litre of kerosene for Rs 14 and sell it off for Rs 52, pocketing a huge profit. Tomar confessed that he was running the operation for last eight months and had many buyers especially in Kalupur and Shahpur areas,\" said an investigator.Turpentine is used as a thinning agent for oil-based paints and producing varnishes, said investigators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "on board icgs sankalp", "code": "11855598", "title": "ICG gets 2 more pollution control vessels", "text": "On Board ICGS Sankalp: Indian Coast Guard (ICG) is all set to augment its pollution control response in the sea by inducting two more pollution control response vessels. ICG presently has ICGS Samudra Prahari (Ocean Guard), its first vessel dedicated to control pollution built by ABG Shipyard , Surat.The vessel is 94 meters in length with a displacement of 3,300 tonnes and maximum draught of 4.5 meters. It was launched on March 20, 2007.ICG is the nodal agency for pollution control in the sea, according to Commander Rajmani Sharma, Coast Guard HQ Karnataka. \"ICGS Samudra Prahari is the only vessel of its kind in Asia and addition of two similar pollution control vessels will help India tackle any instance of pollution in its exclusive economic zone (EEZ). The state-of-the-art and user-friendly equipments on board will be used for containment, recovery, separation and dispersal of pollutants,\" Sharma added.In a chat with STOI during a day out in the sea organized by ICG for civilians on board its Mumbai based advanced offshore patrol vessel, Commander Sharma said, \"The responsibilities of ICG too will increase with plans afoot to raise the boundaries of India's EEZ from the present 200 nautical miles to 350 miles from the shore. USA has already extended the limits of its EEZ boundaries and India will follow the suit.\"ICG, which is responsible for looking after maritime interests all along the 320-km long coastline of Karnataka, will add more muscle to it with induction of two hovercrafts - amphibious vessels - imported from the UK by 2013. \"The land for construction of hoverports, hangars, and maintenance facilities has been identified in Tannirbhavi near here,\" he said adding that the hovercrafts are capable of achieving speeds of 35-40 knots.The hover port here would make it the second along the west coast of India, he said, adding that other hoverports are functioning in Okha in Gujarat, and Haldia in West Bengal, and Mandappam in Tamil Nadu. \"Plans are also afoot to set up one more hover port in either Paradip or Vishakapatnam on the east coast to augment country's maritime surveillance capabilities along shallow waters where bigger ICG vessels can't reach,\" he added.Civilians get a taste of Coast Guard actionOn Board ICGS Sankalp: Indian Coast Guard put its best foot forward in a day out in the sea organized by it off Mangalore coast on Saturday. Intended to give the civilians a slice of the action as it unfolds on the high seas, the event saw Indian Coast Guard (ICG) offshore patrol vessels - Annie Besant and Kasturba Gandhi - joining the advanced offshore patrol vessel Sankalp and a Chetak and a dornier from its aviation wing in various exercises.First it was the turn of 'terrorists' trying to sneak into the country using a fishing vessel to first face the ire of Coast Guard commandoes. A fast motor speed boat launched from Sankalp and two motor boats launched from Annie Besant and Kasturba Gandhi intercepted the fishing vessel, boarded it mid-sea and neutralised the threat on board. 'Terrorists' gave up without much of a fight given the vast fire power on board Sankalp bearing down on them.Then, it was then the turn of Chetak helicopter to draw the oohs and the aahs from the civilians with its high speed fly past Sankalp. The helobatics included dropping a mail bag that contained 'chocolates' for children on board the three vessels, much to their delight. The precision search and rescue operation on the starboard side of the vessel which saw the Chetak winch up a diver who had fallen into the sea drew thunderous applause from all on board.The fly past by the Chetak and the Dornier aircraft specially flown in for the exercise only added to the excitement. Sankalp also gave a demonstration of the capabilities of its heavy machine gun which is capable of reaching targets 2.5 miles from the ship.The only disappointment for the visitors was a decision not to fire the Karl Gustav rocket launcher as many smaller fishing vessels were found to be in its effective kill range of 500 metres. A display of fire fighting capabilities of Sankalp using powerful water jets brought down the curtains on the programme before the vessels headed back to New Mangalore Port from where they had cast off three hours ago.Deputy inspector general NV Narasimha, commanding officer of ICGS Sankalp told STOI that professionally he was satisfied with the operations mounted for the day given the time and logistical constraints involved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11854895", "title": "No clearance for capital in approved mergers: HC", "text": "KOCHI: If a merger proposal between two companies is already approved, no separate authorization is required for the resultant increase in share capital, the Kerala high court ruled on Friday.The ruling was given by Justice Antony Dominic while considering a petition on the merger proposal of two non-banking finance companies, Thrissur-based Index Chits &amp; Finance Pvt Ltd and Lease Index India Ltd.No separate proceedings under section 97 of Companies Act, 1956 are required, the judge ruled after noting that the increase was the result of a scheme of merger already sanctioned by the court. It is unnecessary to institute any separate proceedings for enhancement of the share capital of the company, the court held.Section 97 stipulates that a notice should be filed with the registrar of companies if a company's share capital has increased beyond the authorized capital and the number of members went up beyond the registered number.The court had earlier approved a merger scheme for the companies that prescribed the authorized share capital of the company to be formed after the merger to be Rs 2.5 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11854766", "title": "\u2018Infertility rising at an alarming rate in Kerala\u2019", "text": "KOCHI: Infertility is increasing at an alarming rate in Kerala, said Dr Peter Robert Brinsden, group medical director of Bourn Hall Clinic, the world's first IVF or In Vitro Fertilization clinic. According to Brinsden, the reasons for this could be as varied as women marrying late, and the high alcoholic consumption among men.He points out that the state's age pyramid has a shrinking base of children and a swelling top of senior citizens as its birth rate has declined from 31 in 1970 to 14.7 in 2007. \"A lot of attention is paid to the management of lifestyle diseases like diabetes, but the continuous surge in infertility cases is often ignored,\" he said during a press conference.\"In Kerala the quest for a family begins when the couple are in the late 20s and early 30s mainly because the nature of work often keeps most men away from home for long periods. This creates problems as a woman's fertility begins to decline when she is in her mid-30s,\" said Dr Brinsden.The alcohol consumption in Kerala is highest in India and that is another factor behind male infertility. This contributes to nearly 50% of the total number of infertility cases. The situation has however also led to the popularity of infertility treatment in the state with more couples going in for IUI (intrauterine insemination) and IVF procedures.IUI is often combined with fertility drugs to increase the chance of conceiving. But according to experts at the Bourn Hall Clinic, none should try more than three cycles of IUI before moving to IVF, as too many IUIs are a waste of time, with less chances of success. Surrogacy and donation of eggs are the other available options.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11855749", "title": "'Notty Cube' out with debut single", "text": "LUDHIANA: Three youngsters, Promise Day and their dream. This is what made Saturday special for Prasoon Dwivedi, Harmanjeet Singh and Amarpal Singh, as they chose the day for launching their musical group 'Notty Cube' by uploading their debut song on YouTube.\"We have promised one another that we will always stay together and make our group one of the most recognized musical groups in the country,\" said Prasoon.With a stage name 'Dhumketu', he is the music producer. Staying in PAU, he is pursuing engineering from RMT and loves music.A member of the musical group, Prasoon, said the three of them are friends who studied in same school and have always been together.Harmanjeet, with a stage name 'HSP', is an R&B; singer and also the lyricist. He resides in Basant Avenue and is doing BCom. Amarpal, or 'APS', lives in Haibowal and besides being a rapper, also pens lyrics. He is ready with 10 songs that the group will soon add to their credit.Prasoon said on Saturday, they just put one song, \"Miss you\", on YouTube but they have another song \"Yari\" that is almost complete which they will upload soon. \"Miss you is a Punjabi song that has been penned by Amarpal and is closest to our heart. Thus we chose it as our debut song,\" said Harmanjeet. Introducing another friend of theirs, 17-year-old Jagjot Singh, who is the group's equipment manager, Amarpal said, \"Jagjot is not involved in the production of the music but is an important member of the group, as he takes care of the most important part of music, our instruments.\"Amarinder Gill and Drake Bell are their ideals and the group wishes to create a name for itself through their hard work, and this is just a baby step towards their destination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11854899", "title": "\u2018AIDS under control in Kerala\u2019", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala had managed to control HIV/AIDS and the number of affected persons was less compared to other states, said Dr M Prasannakumar of the Kerala State AIDS Control Society at the public health conference at IMA House on Saturday.He said that 2,200 new cases were being reported every year in the state but the number was minimal. He said that nearly 60% of HIV positive persons in Kerala were employed outside the state. Of the 10,000 pregnant women in the state, seven were tested positive. \"We could trace 86 HIV positive pregnant women last year,\" Dr Prasannakumar said.A total of 6,000 persons are undergoing treatment for HIV/AIDS in the state. The number of HIV-affected persons is high in districts that are closer to the Tamil Nadu border.Dr K Suresh, epidemiologist and public health consultant of the World Bank in India, said that the standard of public health education in the country was declining. \"Even universities are not following a uniform syllabus on public health,\" he said.Health experts discussed a variety of topics including vector management, community-based palliative care and maternal health interventions. The conference will conclude on Sunday with a session on developing standardized competency framework for public health professionals in India. The valedictory function will have B Ekbal, former vice-chancellor of Kerala University, as the chief guest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11863854", "title": "Vote for BJP to save my life: Kushwaha", "text": "ALLAHABAD: If you want to see me alive and hale and hearty and save from going to jail, vote for Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) candidates in the assembly elections and inflict a crushing defeat on Bahujan Samaj Party(BSP) candidates, said former minister and expelled BSP leader, Babu Singh Kushwaha while addressing a meeting in support of BJP candidates at Colonelgunj Inter College here on Saturday.Stating that during his political career spanning 27 years he did everything to facilitate BSP to power in the state, Kushwaha said that if the BSP and SP are really interested in the upliftment of backwards and OBC they would have never promised providing 9 and 18 percent reservation to Muslims.This amounts to appeasement and erosion of existing OBC quota of 27 percent reservation in jobs.Accussing BSP ministers of plotting to frame him in false cases he said that had I not received the support of Bharatiya Janata Party(BJP) at this crucial juncture, my fate would have been disastrous.Taking a swipe at BSP supremo, Mayawati for ignoring the interest of backwards, he said that she was only interested in taking care of her cadre votes.Moreover when I tried to raise the voice of OBC's Mayawati feared that I may become the leader of OBC's after which the entire government machinery went against me.By doing so Mayawati wanted to ruin my political career, said Kushwaha.He pointed out that the entire NHRM scam has taken place under his predecessor in the state government and said that he was willing to face any agency for questioning in the case.Others present at the meeting included BJP candidate from city North seat, Uday Bhan Karvariya, city president, Rajendra Mishra, Lalu Lal Kushwaha, Ranjit Singh and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11855344", "title": "MP board clerk commits suicide", "text": "BHOPAL: A 45-year-old employee of MP Board of Secondary Education (MPBSE) died after consuming poison in the city late on Friday. The deceased, Javed, was a resident of Ravi Shankar Nagar and working as a clerk.He was taken to hospital after he complained of stomach ache in the night. However, Javed succumbed soon. Later, the doctor concluded that the death was due to consuming of celphos pills. Though no suicide note has been recovered from the crime scene, the police suspect it a case of suicide .The deceased's younger brother, Sajid, told the police that he was having a pain in the abdomen and was taken to hospital, where he died. The police hope that post-mortem report and statements of the family members would help ascertain the exact cause of the death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11856075", "title": "Boo, babu", "text": "Lord Cornwallis must be turning in his grave. The English governor-general who initiated the establishment of the still prevalent administrative system with collectors and SPs in 1785 will surely not be able fathom the revolt by officers of the so-called steel frame that governs India, and supposedly holds it together.But revolt is precisely the word that describes what IAS officers of Andhra Pradesh are doing. Last week, miffed that their colleagues were sent to jail on corruption charges, they went in a delegation and presented a charter to the chief minister. They demanded that the costs of legal defense of IAS officers facing prosecution be borne by the government and that they should be examined by the CBI in their offices and not in the CBI's. They also wanted the CBI investigation team to include civil servant members (read IAS officers) '' with knowledge of business rules and experience of decision-making in government''. As if that wasn't enough, they then sought mandatory 'sanction' of the state government before prosecuting an errant officer.Finding chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy unsympathetic, the officers convened a general meeting of their association and passed a resolution that it was \"deeply pained\" by the manner in which the CBI was conducting investigations and targeting IAS officers while not touching ministers \"who are actually responsible for the scams and beneficiaries ...\" Some also suggested that the officers resort to a \"pen down\". The resolution, quite expectedly, drew howls of protests from politicians and civil society representatives, but IAS officers were unrelenting.The immediate trigger for the dissent among IAS officers in Andhra is that two of them are now in jail for alleged wrongdoing. Principal secretary (home) B P Acharya has been charged with criminal conspiracy and is in the dock for cheating the state in league with a private company (Emaar) in the sale of plots; Y Srilakshmi, on the other hand, is behind bars for her role in a mining scam. Former Karnataka minister Gali Janardan Reddy is in jail in the same case. A third IAS officer, L V Subramanyam, and another former officer, K V Rao, have also been chargesheeted in the Emaar scam though they haven't been arrested.Subramanyam had in 2005 been partially investigated in the Volkswagen scandal where the AP government paid Rs 11 crore into an account which was purportedly that of Volkswagen but was actually a scamster's front company. Though the CBI filed a chargesheet in the matter, Subramanyam was let off. The CBI could not fully investigate the bureaucrat because the central government did not permit it to do so.Off the record, some AP IAS officers claim they are incensed because they are being investigated for deals that happened between 2005-08 during Rajasekhara Reddy's regime in which they were just pawns as everything was masterminded by the then CM, his son Jagan and advisor K V P Ramachandra Rao. The bureaucrats allege that the CBI is hitting out at them when the assault should actually be directed somewhere else.In that case, why aren't the beleaguered officers naming the real culprits ? Here is the catch: the bureaucrats didn't question their political bosses for the alleged illegal acts. The netas ordered and the officers merely signed on files.\"This is a ridiculous excuse,\" says Jayaprakash Narayan, who quit the IAS to set up Loksatta, a reforms organization. \"Civil servants are protected by Article 311 of the Constitution to give them independence. IAS officers get huge discretionary powers. They can't say 'We will have the power but no accountability'. They cannot absolve themselves of wrongdoing by saying 'We were following orders'.\"V Ramani, the 1980 IAS topper who also quit the service, says, \"Officers can note their dissent on files but many don't. They do not want to be seen as 'obstructionists' because they want good postings.\"A retired secretary to the government adds: \"What you see in AP is unique. Telecom secretary Siddartha Behura was in jail for long in the 2G spectrum but nobody protested. When IAS couple Arvind and Tinoo Joshi were nabbed with assets of more than Rs 300 crore, there were rumblings among their colleagues in the Madhya Pradesh cadre but nothing more.\"Incidentally, UP is rated by many as the most corrupt state but in 1996 and 1997, IAS officers there held a poll to name the most corrupt among them so as to shame them. It's a different matter that the two who were voted went on to become chief secretaries. Later, though, both were pulled down on the orders of the Supreme Court. At least the officers of UP tried.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11856333", "title": "Mystery death of PhD aspirant baffles police", "text": "New Delhi: The mysterious death of a 28-year-old PhD aspirant is giving cops sleepless nights. Sumit Kumar went missing from the Delhi University's hostel for postgraduate students in October 2011. His body was found two months later in the ridge area.Kumar had completed his MA in German two years ago and enrolled for the MPhil programme but dropped out a year later. He was preparing for the PhD entrance.A missing case was registered at the Maurice Nagar police station in October but cops could not trace Kumar for two months before a check in the adjoining ridge area \"on a specific tip-off\" led them to his body in mid-December. The cops then registered a case at the Civil Lines police station but are still clueless about the cause of his death.\"Both his disappearance and death are shrouded in mystery. We found the body in the ridge area. He was found hanging from a tree deep in the forest. We are not convinced it was a suicide. But the initial postmortem report is silent on the issue. Hence, we have decided to go for another postmortem. We are also trying to gather more information from his friends and professors,\" said I B Rani, DCP (north).Kumar's viscera and other forensic evidence have been sent to the Forensic Science Laboratory in Rohini. \"The analysis will take sometime to arrive,\" said an officer, indicating an immediate breakthrough is not in the offing.His friends said Sumit was a good student and wanted to become a teacher. DU's Germanic and romance studies department held a condolence meeting in his memory on Saturday. His teacher Shaswati Mazumdar said: \"I taught him during his MA days and he was a good student. He was not from Delhi. Last thing I know was that he was teaching as guest lecturer in a college and was pursuing a teacher's training course.\"Dr Vijaya Venkataraman, another senior faculty member, said: \"We don't really know what happened. He was a student of German language and completed his PG with the aim of joining DU as an instructor.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11858374", "title": "Karthi does a Rajinikanth!", "text": "Well, before you jump to a conclusion, let's tell you that we are talking about Karthi's character in his film with Suraaj.Remember Superstar's iconic performance as police officer Alex Pandian in the film Moondru Mugam? Well, the latest is that Karthi will be seen onscreen in a character that will be called the same! What's more, the film is also titled Alex Pandian.Suraaj reveals, \"The film has nothing to do with Moondru Mugam or Rajini's character. We thought of this title because it's very catchy. Karthi plays an interesting character in it, and the script gives him a lot of scope to highlight his sense of humour. We've wrapped up almost 50 per cent of the shooting. A huge set has been erected in the city for our next schedule, which should begin soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "11855711", "title": "Navdeep kills stress with songs", "text": "BRS NAGAR: Sitting alone in his room and strumming new melodies on the guitar is Navdeep Singh's favourite stress buster. Aspiring to study MBA and take the family business to new heights, the BRS Nagar-resident said no matter what comes in life he can never give up playing the guitar because \"music is his first love''.Navdeep, who has recently completed BBA from Punjab College of Technical Education (PCTE), is preparing for MBA entrances and also helping his father's automobile business. But, he has also now started training professionally to play the instrument. \"I will never use my talent to make money but I want to learn the best I can,'' he said, adding that he had first tried playing the keyboard.Unlike most people who play tunes they have heard from somewhere, Navdeep likes to make his own music. \"People copy tunes but I try to be creative and develop my own melody. In 2010, I had played the guitar at a college function and won the second prize,'' he said. For four months, Navdeep had to give up his guitar as he was busy with industrial training. However, music did not stop flowing in his veins.His family also understands Navdeep's passion and hobby. His father Balwinder Singh, a businessman, said, \"We all know that Navdeep is crazy for music and likes to play the guitar for about two hours everyday. It helps him relax and gives him joy, so we don't discourage him.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11854621", "title": "PI kept lady PC at home without consent: Report", "text": "PANAJI: A PI attached to the traffic cell allegedly kept a lady police constable, who was posted on traffic duty, \"without authorization\" at his residence, an inquiry report submitted by SP (crime) to IGP Sanjay Singh states.The inquiry was conducted after police top brass allegedly received a complaint, reportedly from the lady constable, alleging sexual abuse by the PI. During inquiry, however, the lady constable said that she was neither molested nor raped by the officer and denied writing the complaint letter or signing it. She admitted to working at the PI's residence and helping his children in their studies for a few months.Sources said the IGP had received a letter in which it was alleged that the lady constable 'is kept by the PI at his residence and is molested and raped'. The letter further states that as the lady constable is from a poor family she has to bear everything in silence. \"On receiving the complaint, the IGP called the SP (crime) and the Women and Child Protection Unit in-charge and asked them to investigate the matter,\" police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11860098", "title": "Yuvan's melody in Billa 2", "text": "One of the indelible elements in Ajith's superhit Billa was the music by Yuvan Shankar Raja. Be it the zingy Billa theme or the massy Vethalaiya Pottendi, the composer came up with a rousing chartbuster.And now, it looks like Yuvan is all set to repeat the same feat for the prequel Billa 2. But this time, the composer's pick seems to be a melody that has even satisfied him! \"Billa 2 songs are coming out nice. Really happy with one melody song. It's one of my best melody after 7G. I'm really happy with it!,\" he tweeted recently raising expectations of fans.Billa 2 stars Ajith in the titular role and is said to be about how David, a young man from the coastal town of Tuticorin, became the feared international don Billa. The film is directed by Chakri Toleti who earlier directed Kamal Haasan in Unnaipol Oruvan and has Parvathy Omanakuttan and Bruna Abdullah as the female leads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11858368", "title": "Nila goes to Bollywood", "text": "It was not long ago that Nila had bid adieu to films, saying she was a complete misfit in the industry.But now, looks like the Anbe Aaruyire girl has had a change of heart! \"I'm gearing up for Bhaiyaji Superhit with Sunny Deol, Arshad Warsi and Tusshar Kapoor, and Hera Pheri 3, which will go on the floors later this year, in B'wood. I also have a Telugu film in hand!\" she says. She adds, \"I'm not ecstatic about my B-Town innings. It's just another job. The only difference is that I will be working in a language I'm familiar with. In recent times, a number of actors from the south have made their Bollywood debuts, but I'm not interested in any competition of sorts. The industry is big and there is space for everyone!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "jagdishpur (csm nagar)", "code": "11861555", "title": "Salman Khurshid promises unemployment allowance, sub-quota after poll", "text": "JAGDISHPUR (CSM Nagar): Union law minister Salman Khurshid on Sunday promised unemployment allowance to those who could not get 100 days' job under MNREGS and said quota to backward Muslims, which has been put on hold due to elections, will be implemented after conclusion of the poll process.\"The government will provide unemployment allowance to those who could not get 100 days' job in MNREGS besides providing free food and education to children between six to 14 years of age\", Khurshid said addressing an election meeting in Rahul Gandhi's parliamentary constituency.He reiterated that reservation to backward Muslims could not be provided due to elections but would be implemented after the elections were over.About the farmers, Khurshid said a law would soon be enacted in which farmers, whose land is being acquired for setting up industries would be given compensation, which would be six times more than the existing circle rate so that they did not have to depend on others for their livelihood.On hike in petrol prices, Khurshid said it happened due to fluctuation in foreign markets but soon food security of people would be ensured by making cheap food grains available to them.Trying to woo the youths, Khurshid said it is being contemplated to provide jobs to them in private firms after training for which the expense would be borne by the Centre.On costly fees, Khurshid said that school fees have reached Rs thousand per month to counter it was planned to reserve 25 per cent seats in schools for children, who belong to below poverty line category and they would be given free education.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11854300", "title": "Key Battles: South Nagpur", "text": "Three sitting corporators in fray at BidipethBidipeth has become a topic of discussion in the NMC election with three sitting corporators pitted against each other due to the new two-member ward system.BJP corporator Dipak Chaudhary, Congress corporator Dipak Kapse and independent corporator Ajay Buggewar are among the 10 candidates in fray from the ward. Though the ward is witnessing a triangular fight, Chaudhary and Kapse seem to be headed for a close result due to the benefit of party's symbol and a large voter base for the party. Kapse has a slight edge as all areas of his existing Bidipeth ward are in the new Bidipeth ward. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan addressed a public meet for him on Saturday.Chaudhary too is very strong due to his knowledge and also dedication towards the work. Six women contestants are in fray in the second seat. These include Seema Raut from NCP along with Kapse and Snehal Bihare from BJP along with Chaudhary.It's a battle of the biggies at Nehru Nagar wardNehru Nagar ward has a straight fight between two bigwigs - deputy mayor and Shiv Sena district president Shekhar Sawarbandhe and Congress candidate Prashant Dhawad. Both are also corporators with Dhawad a co-opt member in the NMC House. Though the ward has been reserved for OBC category, just two of them are in fray. This shows the intensity of the fight between these two candidates.In the two-member ward system, the ward comprises areas from three wards - Nandanwan represented by Sawarbandhe, Nehru Nagar by Dipak Ghurde (independent) and Juni Shukrawari by Shewanta Telange (Congress). The other candidate of BJP-Sena-RPI (A) alliance along with Sawarbandhe is Divya, wife of Ghurde and Telange with Dhawad. The battle between the women contestants is also very tough.Sawarbandhe-Ghurde and Dhawad-Telange are head to head, and it is anybody's guess about who will win. But it is sure that the winner between Sawarbandhe and Dhawad will feature in the list of top position holders in the NMC.Rebellion by Cong corporator throws field openRaghuji Nagar ward has a triangular fight due to a rebellion in the Congress. Here, five candidates are in fray including two corporators - Satish Holey and Ashok Katle. BJP has fielded Prakash Thakre. Congress has denied ticket to senior party leader Holey and chosen to give the seat to NCP. Therefore, Katle, an NCP corporator, is the official candidate of Congress-NCP-Lokmanch alliance. But Holey decided to throw a challenge and is contesting as an independent.Holey has a slight edge over others as the new two-member ward comprises all areas coming in his existing ward. Katle has the advantage of party's symbol and support. But he has to take extra efforts as the new ward has only a handful of areas from his existing ward. To his benefit, four of total five contestants are from Raghuji Nagar or Somwari quarters, thus creating a chance of a division of votes. He is from Old Subhedar Layout. Nimisha Shirke of Congress and Chabu Mule of Shiv Sena are among 7 women contestants and all are new faces.BJP, Cong heading for a straight fight in Medical wardDenying ticket to former mayor and sitting corporator Kalpana Pande, BJP has fielded social activist Devdutt alias Deven Dasture. Pande had requested to contest from general seat against the men. From Congress, Yogesh alias Guddu Tiwari, secretary of city Congress committee, is in the fray. Both of them stand equally at this time.Dasture may have slight edge if Pande goes all out for his campaigning. She has a good command in the ward. Along with his touch in the ward, Tiwari has the advantage of women candidate Sujata Kombade who is also a senior Congress leader and sitting corporator.In the women's seat, Kombade has a better chance than Usha Pilot. The third candidate in the fray is Pratibha Moon of BSP. Interestingly, all three women contestants are from one area: Untkhana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11855934", "title": "The new religion?", "text": "As many as 176 million Indians watched cricket in 2010. Hardly surprising considering we are supposed to be a cricket-crazy country. But 155 million watched football in the same period. Surprised?Don't be, says Rathindra Basu, senior director, corporate communications, ESPN India. \"Football today is the fastest growing sport in India, and after cricket the most followed sport by fans in the country. For example, FIFA 2002 was watched by 34 million people, 2006 by 50 million people and 2010 by more than 63 million people.\"If 2010 was a football world cup year, 2011 saw the cricket world cup. Expectedly, 195 million people watched cricket during the first half of 2011, according to TAM Sports, the media research agency that measures TV viewership. Football still notched 121 million viewers.Do all those eyeballs mean the promised resurgence of Indian football - already the No. 1 sport in places like the northeast, Goa and Kerala - is finally happening?Not quite. \"Cricket is in our DNA,\" says an official with a sports broadcaster, not wishing to be named. \"One minute of watching a football match makes you a bonafide viewer, not a fan. A cricket lover, however, will spend hours watching his team do battle with the enemy. And when his son is born, he will place a plastic bat in his hands. Football is still a distant second.\"But that DNA might be morphing, at least in the metros. The swish set in these urban centres is watching the English Premier League with gusto. According to Basu, the figure was 76.9 million people last year, an increase of 20% over 2010. And because the metros have the money, the corporates are getting interested. \"The international friendly last year between Argentina and Venezuela had Adidas, Cadbury, Bharti Cellular, Hindustan Lever and Maruti as sponsors,\" Basu points out. That match featured Lionel Messi, and 88,000 came to Kolkata's Salt Lake Stadium to see him do what Gary Linekar, the England great, says very few on earth can. The Bhaichung Bhutia farewell match in Delhi against Bayern Munich was also well-attended: 35,000 showed up to watch Robben, Muller, Schweinsteiger, and our very own Bhutia in action.Which leads us to the missing link. We'll continue to watch EPL and Bayern Munich because of their galaxy of stars. But we exclude our own domestic football from the hoopla because of a lack of homegrown stars. A few footballing equivalents of Tendulkar, better infrastructure, and a little more attention from the government might just do the trick and get spectators into stadiums for the local matches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11855209", "title": "Staff flouts traffic rule to attend EC code talk", "text": "NASHIK: Nashik Municipal Corporation and Zilla Parishad employees and officers attending code-of-conduct training programme at Kalidas Kalamandir on Saturday reportedly violated traffic and parking norms at the event. When the volunteers there pointed out to the fact, the officials challenged their identity and continued to park their vehicles in indisciplined manner.The training programmes were organised for the employees and officials as the part of election machinery for oncoming NMC elections scheduled on February 16. The programmes were held at the Kalidas Kalamandir and Dadasaheb Gaikwad Sabhagriha, among other places. While the training was about the election code-of-conduct attendees completely failed to respect the traffic norms.Parking is prohibited outside the Kalidas theatre, but they did not move their vehicles to Bhalekar grounds - ten meters away, where parking facility is made free of cost for the employees during the training. \"Since other vehicles have been parked here, so I also parked my vehicle here. Besides, we are here for training purpose and not to attend any (theatre) show,\" was the answer given by a Zilla parishad employee, who had attended the training programme.On the other hand those who parked their vehicles inside the ground also refused to take orders from the volunteers at the parking lot about parking their vehicles in order. Volunteers' parking instructions fell on deaf ears. The attending employees continued to park their vehicles in a manner so disorderly that they blocked the entrance to the ground. \"We are government employees and we are getting late for the training class,\" was the reply from some attendees.\"Unfortunately, I have to rush to the NMC office for some work and my vehicle is locked inside this lot,\" claimed Prakash Shete, one of the employees who came for the training but couldn't retrieve his vehicle as easily when it was time to leave.The volunteers were then left with no option but pull one vehicle after the other, outside the lot to help Shete who's vehicle was blocked in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11855369", "title": "MANIT students cut a dash", "text": "BHOPAL: Designing Formula One style car is not a child's play and requires a lot of money. However, a group of students from Bhopal has proved many wrong by designing the racing car-at a fraction of the cost.Meet 25 talented students of MANIT, who have entered the final round after clearing initial round of the national-level inter-collegiate vehicle designing contest--SUPRA SAE India. The team has been selected for the final round after absorbing contest among 102 teams participated in the competition from across India.Team Cheetah has designed a formula style vehicle which will be contesting during the final round scheduled to be organised at the Madras Motorsports Club Track in July. This is the second time that the team is participating in the same competition.About the SUPRA SAE competition, team leader Arpit Awathe, said, \"The competition tests the mettle of youths. Teams consisting of engineering students are tasked with designing, modelling, fabricating and testing of a formula style racing car in accordance with the rules and norms. The winner will be selected on the basis of performance of the car safety and comfort of the driver,\" he added.After being selected for the final round, the team has started fabricating the vehicle. \"We presented the design of our vehicle during the competition organised at Pune on January 28. We have decided to fabricate the vehicle by the first week of April,\" Awathe said.This year, the Cheetah team has presented the design of the vehicle after making several changes in the previous car. \"Cheetah brings dramatic changes in the vehicle that competed last year. Rather than attempting to improve upon last year's vehicle, the team decided this year to design a new light and roomy chassis. The experience gained in last year's competition paid off in designing this vehicle,\" Arpit said.In the previous edition, MANIT's team could not perform better as the knuckle, a part of the car broke down. \"We were doing well. Suddenly, the knuckle broke down during the race, forcing us to stop in the middle,\" Arpit said. \"Earlier, we had used knuckle of company. This year, we designed our own knuckle made up of magnesium alloy with decided parameters. After several experiments it was concluded by the team that alloy facilitates stronger and lighter knuckle,\" Arpit added.Arpit said that MANIT's head of the mechanical department, Dr RM Sarviya, dean Dr G Dixit and faculty advisor, Dr A Rehman played an important role in designing the car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11854606", "title": "Cancelling Carnival could be big blow: TTAG", "text": "PANAJI: Shocked at the possibility that the Carnival festival may not take place this year, the travel and tourism association of Goa (TTAG) has said it is ready to step in and help in organizing the festivities.STOI reported in its Saturday edition that uncertainty looms over government-sponsored Carnival celebratiaons this year with election officials indicating that the Election Commission may not grant permission for the festivities.Stakeholders say that cancellation of the festival would be a big blow to the business and the tourism industry at large.\"We certainly hope that the Election Commission will think twice about the matter and give permission for the festivities. Carnival and Shigmo are on the calendar of national festivals. Hotels have already been booked for the festival period. It will be a big loss for business,\" said TTAG president Gaurish Dhond.\"There are individuals who are genuine Carnival lovers and can organize the festival. The government can still go ahead with preparations without having to fear any politicians misusing the festivities for political gain,\" he added. Cruz Cardozo, president of the Shack Owners Welfare Society-Goa said that the government still has time on its hands to pull it off. \"It is not too late. The government can organize the Carnival on its own without involving any municipality or private individuals,\" he said.Cardozo echoed Dhond's opinion on the implications cancelling the Carnival could have. \"It is going to be a disastrous for the tourism industry if the Election Commission doesn't give permission for the Carnival. People are already building floats. Many Indian tourists come down only for the Carnival and many of them have already booked their holidays in Goa,\" he said.On Friday, election officials said time was running out for the Carnival organizing committees to submit their list of members for scrutiny and the allocation of funds was yet to be made. Election officials said it was highly unlikely that the Election Commission would give the government clearance to hold the Carnival festival this year. Tourism department sources said that the committees were constituted at a meeting convened at the secretariat on Friday, but maintained that it would organize and fund the carnival celebration subject to clearance by the Election Commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11858353", "title": "Samuthirakani: As real as it gets", "text": "Samuthirakani, after Shikar, is doing another Malayalam film, in which he is essaying the role of a Crime Branch officer.\"I'm excited about Venugopan's The Reporter as it is based on a real life incident,\" he says, \"I'm also keen on directing a film in Mollywood, with Mohanlal and Vineeth Srinivasan.\" He adds, \"I have a more realistic approach to films, which is why I like Malayalam movies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11854287", "title": "Seven arrested for filming women with cellphones", "text": "MADURAI: Police have arrested seven persons for filming women using their cellphones in Madurai.The seven had also assaulted a temple priest who spotted them filming. Police said the women from Narasingam near Othakadai on the outskirts of the city used to visit an isolated spot to ease themselves.On Friday evening, a few women visited the place when the seven persons who were atop a hillock in the proximity were filming them with their cellphone cameras.The priest of the Kaliamman temple located atop the hillock had gone there in the evening to light the lamp in front of the temple when he spotted the seven-member gang involved in the activity.The priest, Subramani (60), went to the gang and pulled them up for filming the women. The seven picked up a quarrel with the priest and when Subramani warned that he would alert the police, the gang started assaulting him indiscriminately.However, Subramani managed to get down from the hillock and informed the villagers about the act and the treatment meted out to him.Immediately, a group of villagers rushed there.The gang that saw the furious villagers rushing towards them attempted to flee the spot, but the villagers nabbed them after a hot chase.After giving them a thrashing, the villagers handed them over to the police at Othakadai station.Inquiries revealed that the seven were Raja (23), Manivannan (18), Ganesan (31), Perumal (45), Sikander (24), Chinnasamy (27) and another 20-year-old, all hailing from Othakadai area.Police said it had been a ritual for the seven to visit the hillock and hide themselves there to film women.Police found that their cellular phones had several clips of women they had filmed.Besides, there were also a number of porn clippings stored in their cellphones.The seven had told the police that they had circulated the clippings of the women filmed from the hillock to their friends also over the past few days. All the seven have been remanded in custody.toimadurai@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11855385", "title": "Only five per cent dogs registered in city", "text": "BHOPAL: Even as the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) has made it mandatory for the owners to get their pets registered, only 2,000 dogs out of the approximate 40,000 canines in the city are registered with the corporation. Last year, only 145 people got their dogs registered.\"Lack of awareness among citizens might be responsible for the poor response from the people,\" Mayor Krishna Gaur said, adding efforts are on to publicise through various media about the importance of getting pets registered,\" she said.However senior veterinary surgeon, district veterinary hospital-in-charge, Anil Sharma blames it all on the laxity of BMC.\"The BMC has not organised any camp in the past two years for registering dogs and providing licenses to dog owners,\" he said, adding we were ourselves making efforts to increase the number of registered dogs in the city.The BMC had made it compulsory for the dog owners to get their dogs registered in 2005. The corporation is providing a provision of acquiring licenses to the dog owners after their registration.\"If any pet dog is lost, the license and the registration of the dog can make it easier for the corporation and the dog owner to find the dog,\" AS Parihar, senior surgeon, state veterinary hospital, told TOI.Registration also proves that the dog is given proper vaccination, as during the registration process, a doctor's prescription of rabies vaccination is required to be produced.\"Registration of pet dog should be made mandatory before their treatment. The dogs are registered for the convenience of the corporation as well as the pet owners,\" Parihar said.\"Though the BMC does not provide any special provision for registered dogs, but the registration process is a proof that the dog is vaccinated,\" he stressed, adding this can save a lot of inconvenience for the owners.\"I am totally unaware of the procedures involved in getting the dogs registerd,\" said Mohit Shama, a resident of E3 and who owns two pet dogs.\"I also did not know that it is compulsory to get your pets registered,\" seconded Rahul Mahajan , a resident of Shivaji Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11854365", "title": "Only vote-bank politics: BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP attacked law minister Salman Khurshid for appealing to religious sentiments in an election campaign and said the divisive issue of reservation for \"backward\" Muslims was being deliberately raised in the midst of the UP election.Accusing Congress of playing up the minority reservation issue in the UP polls, BJP demanded Khurshid should be sacked for sticking to his stand despite the Election Commission censuring him.Khurshid had addressed an election rally in Khatakpur locality of Farrukhabad, saying even if the \"Commission hangs him or does anything else\", he would ensure that members of backward Muslim pasmanda community get their rights.Leader of the Opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley said the appeal was \"only vote-bank politics\". He said minority reservation is not on the basis of religion, but on the basis of communities who are backward.\"What was the need of talking about nine per cent reservation ahead of Uttar Pradesh elections...It is not nine per cent but nine out of 27%. This is an attempt to make 33% reservation out of the backward reservation quota on the basis of religion,\" Jaitley said while campaigning in Lucknow.BJP lodged a complaint to EC against Khurshid for his sub-quota remarks and said \"lest the model code of conduct becomes a toothless wonder, there is dire need for the ECI to impose sanctions more stringent than mere censure. It is now more than apparent that the Law Minister will continue undaunted to seek votes on the basis of religion-a practice abhorred by the Commission. It is, therefore, necessary in the fitness of things to keep him away from the scene of elections.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11863908", "title": "Donations flow freely at Kadva Patel meet", "text": "RAJKOT: Sumitra Patel, whose husband died due to blood cancer, donated blood for 21st time on Sunday. At the Kadva Patels' five-day congregation at Sidsar village, Sumitra even pledged to donate her body.Donations are flowing freely at the silver jubilee function of Kadva Patels community deity Umiya Mata's temple at this village since three days. However, it's not only about money. As many as 85,000 people have pledged to donate their eyes after death. But, what has surprised organizers is the constant flow of people registering for body donations. As many as 225 people have pledged to donate their bodies to medical colleges for research and the number is only expected increase in two days. \"We had decided to promote blood and eye donations but not body donations in particular. But people coming forward for body donations in such large numbers is a pleasant surprise for us,\" said Rajni Patel, media coordinator for the event.\"I am grateful to all those people who have helped me during my husband's illness and that inspired to me give back to society,\" said Sumitra, a mother of two from Rajkot, who is co-ordinating the body donation forms at the event. \"The response for body donations is beyond our expectations. We are now advising them about its importance and procedure about how to donate it and whom to contact they or their relatives die,'' she said.The organizers have formed special blood donations and eye donations committees. \"From February 9 to February 12, 3,505 bottles of blood have been collected at the mega blood donation camp,\" said one of the co-ordinators. Organizers have set up 15 stalls for eye-donation awareness. \"As many as 85,000 people have pledged and registered for eye donation and there is still one day to go,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11855334", "title": "8-hr mystery in schoolboy death", "text": "KOLKATA: Where was Riju Basak for about eight hours after he went out of his home on Wednesday evening till the next morning before he drowned in Rabindra Sarobar? Investigators probing the unnatural death of this La Martiniere topper are trying to find out the missing links.Probe has revealed that Riju talked to his mother over cellphone on Wednesday evening after he was dropped near his residence from Max Muller Bhawan. That was around six in the evening. According to Riju's family members, the cellphone went out of reach soon after the conversation.Police believe that soon after Riju was dropped near the Chandni Metro station, he took the Metro to Rabindra Sarobar station. Investigators have come to know that Riju met his girlfriend, who lives in the Charu Market area, on Wednesday evening. She was questioned on Saturday and told police that Riju was looking disoriented when he met her. She could give no specific reason why he had gone down to her place. The girl did not mention any specific reason why Riju had come down to her place.From there the boy once again started walking and left his schoolbag and his school shirt under a tree near Bhawani cinema hall, close to Rabindra Sarobar Metro station. But investigators have no clue where the boy went from there and where he spent the night.The question has come to the fore because the initial findings of the post-mortem report that came on Saturday suggest that Riju died of drowningand the nature was ante-mortalThe findings do not mention about an injury, external or internal. The police are yet to conclude whether the boy fell into the lake losing his balance or drowned himself. Investigators are also not ruling out a second person who might have given him the deadly push from behind.The initial finding of the autopsy report however corroborates police's suspicion that Riju committed suicide, because no marks of resistance have been found in his body. To solve the puzzle, police are collecting his cell phone call records.Police may speak to his school authority and teachers to get more clues to find out the reason behind his depression , said an investigator. Police also speaking to his schoolmates to find out whether some thing happened in school which caused his depression.The unnatural death of the La Martienere student Riju Basak still shrouded in mystery as police yet to confirm where Riju was for eight hours before his death. Police even failed to trace his cell phone, which has also deepened the mystery.On Saturday the initial findings of the post mortem report suggest that he died of drowning and nature was ante-mortal. Which suggest that either he fell into the lake in his own or accidentally and drowned.Police also not ruling out that some one can push him into the water. No injury (external or internal) was found. The initial finding of the autopsy report however corroborates police's suspicion that Riju committed suicide, because no marks of resistance has been found in his body which can hint that he was shoved into the lake.But some unsolved question remained. The post mortem report says that the boy died at least 30 hours before his post mortem. That means he died on Thursday morning. Riju went missing since Wednesday evening. Then where had he spent an entire day. Police still are in dark about his movement. Probe revealed that on Wednesday evening he was dropped near his residence from Max Muller Bhawan authority. Around 6 pm his mother even communicated him over his cell phone. After that his family members found his cell phone unreachable for some time. Police have reason to believe that as he was dropped near Chandni metro station, he may be boarded a metro and got down at a station near Rabindra Sarobor. He even went to nearby Russa Road to meet one of his friend. Police on Saturday also questioned the girl who claimed that Riju was looking disoriented when he met her. From there the boy once again started walking and left his school bag and some portion of his uniform under a tree near Bhawani cinema hall. But after that, where he went?To solve the puzzle, police are collecting his cell phone call records. Police may speak to his school authority and teachers to get more clues to find out the reason behind his depression, said an investigator. Police also speaking to his school mates to find out whether some thing happened in school which caused his depression.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11854344", "title": "18-year-old girl knocked down by bus", "text": "NAGPUR: A school bus driver lost control over his vehicle and knocked down a first-year engineering student Namrata Khadse causing serious injuries on her right hand. Eighteen-year-old Khadse, a resident of Kukde layout, was rushed to a private hospital. has been recuperating at a private hospital in Sakkardara. Police suspect fracture on the right hand.On Saturday morning, Khadse was going to her college on moped when the bus hit her from behind near Chhota Tajbagh. Passers-by claimed that the driver Anil Dhote was driving rashly and was trying to overtake many vehicles on the road.Enraged after the accident some people dragged Dhote out of the bus and thrashed him before handing him to Sakkardara police. Police said that Dhote, driver of a girl's school, was taking the students to drop home.Sakkardara police has arrested Dhote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "11855523", "title": "Thrown out of train: Wrestler regains consciousness", "text": "KARNAL: Wrestler Lokesh Kumar, who had hit the headlines a few days ago after being thrown out of a moving train near Bazida railway station on Ambala-Delhi section, regained consciousness after undergoing prolonged treatment at a private hospital on Saturday.Soon after, the officials of the railway police recorded his statement in which he told the investigators that he became a victim of angry teenagers who refused to give him way while travelling in the Dadar Express on the fateful day. Lokesh told the officials that it was group of five students who were dressed in grey pants and blue shirts who picked up a quarrel with him when he had tried to make way for himself in the train.SHO Dharmpal said Lokesh told them that following this one of the boys kicked him in the stomach which made him lose control of the body and he fell off the train and became unconscious. Lokesh was found by some of the villagers, who had shifted him to the civil hospital at Karnal.The SHO said, they had registered a case against unidentified persons and efforts were on to trace the boys. He said it was just a matter of time before the police would crack the case as they had already gathered some clue which could lead them to the real culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11856076", "title": "Like Raj, Thackeray Sr flays Shivaji Park ban", "text": "Sharing MNS chief and nephew Raj Thackeray's view that rallies should be allowed at Shivaji Park, Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray on Saturday criticized the courts and the policy of demarcating public maidans as silent zones. The Bombay high court recently ruled that Raj couldn't hold a rally at Shivaji Park after the MNS chief had moved the court for the purpose.Taking exception to the restrictions on decibel levels, Thackeray Senior ridiculed the \"fantastic\" ban. \"I will not honour any such ban,\" he said amidst applause.The Sena chief was addressing a well-attended rally of the Sena-BJP-RPI alliance at the Central Maidan in Thane ahead of the civic polls there and in Mumbai. The MNS had made a court plea to hold a poll rally at Shivaji Park on February 13. In his speech, the Sena patriarch almost endorsed his nephew's battle with the courts.However, the Sena chief tried to score over his nephew on the Narendra Modi issue. Raj has been extolling Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi's administrative acumen and the manner in which Gujarat has progressed under his leadership. Thackeray Senior on Saturday named his right over Modi by pointing out that it was he (the Sena chief) who told BJP leader L K Advani a few years ago that Modi should not be shunted out of Gujarat, as was being planned by the BJP leadership.\"I told Advani - and you can cross check with him - that if Modi leaves Gujarat then Gujarat will say goodbye to the BJP,\" Thackeray said. \"The Gujarati community will always be with the Sena,\" he added.Taking on the Congress and NCP, Thackeray said it was an opportunist alliance. \"They have come to an agreement in Mumbai and Thane, but why not in Pune? Unlike them we have sealed a grand alliance with the BJP and the RPI everywhere,\" he added.He said the Sena-BJP alliance is constantly targeted for bad infrastructure, but the fact is that all decisions are taken in Mantralaya by the chief minister. The BMC standing committee has no veto power and it has to endorse Mantralaya's decisions, he said.Thackeray also said that corruption in Lavasa and the recent Film City land scam, in which former CM Vilasrao Deshmukh was named, are swept under the carpet, but an accusing finger is pointed at the Sena-BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11854599", "title": "Govt, SIT could destroy evidence: Sanjiv Bhatt", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After the Supreme Court-appointed special investigation team (SIT) has submitted its final report on Zakia Jafri's complaint in court, suspended IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt again wrote a letter on Saturday to the Nanavati-Mehta commission.In this letter, Bhatt has once again expressed his apprehension that the state government and SIT could destroy relevant records in connection with the 2002 riots. He reiterated that SIT could either destroy or suppress vital pieces of evidence in order to shield powerful and influential people from legal punishment for their role in communal violence.\"This has been done with the diabolical motive of shielding powerful persons from legal punishment by ensuring that crucial and relevant incriminating evidence is not brought before the courts of law,\" Bhatt's letter reads.\"The delay on part of the commission in requisitioning the relevant public records and documents has, inadvertently or otherwise, facilitated the destruction of incriminating evidence against the Gujarat chief minister or other Ministers in his council,\" Bhatt alleged.Bhatt has once again requested the commission to summon him for deposition or at least to direct him to file an affidavit. Nanavati commission has given him permission to file an affidavit, but Bhatt has been insisting that since he is bound by the oath of secrecy he took as an intelligence officer, he cannot reveal things on his own. Bhatt was posted as deputy commissioner of intelligence with the state intelligence bureau (SIB) from 1999 to 2002.Bhatt filed an affidavit before the Supreme Court on April 14 last year implicating chief minister Narendra Modi in the 2002 riots. He also accused SIT of being involved in a major cover-up operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11856375", "title": "Wrong tribal instincts", "text": "The recent Jarawa video shocked us. But how is the government dealing with its indigenous people? Does it have a policy for their integration or an understanding of their isolated lives?There was anger and outrage when reports came in of Jarawa girls being made to dance half-naked for biscuits. The government announced an inquiry and promised to punish those found guilty of encouraging human-exhibit tourism. Whatever the outcome of the probe, it will not resolve the battle India's indigenous people are fighting to both live the lives they have been accustomed to or to merge with the rest of the country. As of now, neither seems easy.In the absence of policy and a willingness to understand an ancient, untouched way of life, the persisting alienation between some of our most isolated tribes and the government will most likely carry on for an eternity. Not that assimilation anywhere in the world has been uncomplicated.One just has to look at America and Canada's discomfort with their respective native (Red) Indian populations to grasp the enormity of the endeavour. There is rampant drug abuse, unemployment and a general state of drift in the \"camps\" erected to protect them.As Chief Seattle, head of the Suquamish Indians, wrote to the American president in 1855, it is hard for the outsider to understand an existence not theirs. \"If we sell you our land\" , Seattle wrote, \"you must remember that it is sacred. Each glossy reflection in the clear waters of the lakes tells of events and memories in the life of my people. The water's murmur is the voice of my father's father. The rivers are our brothers... If we sell you our land, you must keep it apart and sacred. Will you teach your children what we have taught our children? That the earth is our mother?\"That's a tough lesson for anyone. In India, leaving the indigenous people and their habitat alone - think of Vedanta and the Niyamgiri Hills people - will be more difficult as governments race towards achieving firstworld development, often bulldozing everything in its path. Take what the Jharkhand government is trying to do with the Birhors, who have always been nomadic and who, despite the best wishes of their government, do not wish to saddle themselves with the responsibilities of a job or a permanent home. Soma Munda, assistant director at the Jharkhand Tribal Welfare and Research Institute says, \"The Birhors are poor. If the government gives them fodder for the pigs and chicken, then maybe they will stop feasting on them.\"The government has also tried to give them permanent homes and farmland , hoping they will take to them but the Birhors have been more content to hunt rabbit and partridge and carry on as they were.The story is no different for the Bondas of Orissa. Some years ago, members of the tribe - around 6,600 in the Malkangiri area who only come into contact with the outside world on Thursdays and Sundays at the haats (bazaars) in the Onukudelli and Mundiguda markets - ran helter-skelter when a tourist who'd been waiting in hiding took a flashlight photograph of them. It was symbolic of a forced intrusion they were afraid of.In Arunachal, the Idu Mishmis say they do not want the 3,000 megawatt hydropower project the government plans for the lower Dibang district. Human rights activist and tribe member Sunil Mow says, \"What the government calls development in the Idu Mishmi areas is really \"forced\" development . \"The mega projects will do no good for us. Instead, our culture, our identity and our livelihoods will be jeopardised by the influx of people who come into our traditional lands.\"Of course, the tribes have changed, too. Jugal Kishore Ransingh, a welfare extension officer with the Bonda Development Agency, says, \"Today, young Bondas use mobile phones, and houses in four of the tribe's 32 villages have electricity and TVs.\"It is inevitable that the forces of modernisation will leave the tribes unaffected. As Suresh Babu of Delhi's Ambedkar University, who has studied the ecology and wildlife of the Andamans , says, \"If the settlers around the Jarawa reserves are growing bananas, then the Jarawas will come for them when they ripen. They're like us that way, fairly intelligent.\" Is it possible, then, to think we can build a fortress around them and leave them in splendid isolation? The noble savage in his glorious world?And even if we did, says Pramod Kumar, JNU research scholar who has studied the Jarawas' language, the poaching that goes on around the Jarawa reserves would leave them with no wild boar, a food staple, to hunt in about 10 years from now.Clearly, it's a Catch-22 situation with disturbing ramifications. In 1857, there were 10 tribes of the Great Andamanese , the indigenous people who lived on the Andaman islands. Today, seven are extinct. Only 40 to 50 tribes people remain. They were wiped out because they came in contact with outsiders and to the diseases they had no immunity from.So what is the solution? Minister for tribal affairs, V Kishore Chandra Deo, says that \"the tribals' sentiments have to be respected and their complaints taken up on a case-by-case basis .\" Babu says it might be simpler to educate \"us\" than to educate them. \"Talk to the settlers who live around the Jarawa reserves. Explain to them that the Jarawa way of life - even if different - is just as good as ours.\"-- With reporting by Naresh Mitra in Guwahati; Sanjay Ojha in Ranchi, and Rajaram Satapathy in Bhubaneswar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "11854382", "title": "Budget flats rule the roost in Navi Mumbai", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Declining turnover, which may be indicative of a major correction in realty prices ahead, has finally forced builders in Navi Mumbai to shirk the size of flats, making it a small-budget affair for the common people.The first two days of the property exhibition, happening in Navi Mumbai since Friday, reflected the shadow of the economic slump on buying and selling, with the meagre crowd mainly only visiting the stall that offered 'budgeted homes'. Around 50 to 60 stalls, offering a range of flats from Rs 11-20 lakh and ranging in size from 300sq ft to 600sq ft in nodes like Ulve, Navada , Taloja, Panvel and Vadghar (all close to the upcoming airport), is evidence of the decline in buyers of existing high-budget homes in the area.Rise in interest rates on loans over the past year and the recent RBI directive to exclude registration fees and stamp duty from the value of the flat have also affected the realty scene.Almost all the stalls at the exhibition are of the existing stock of flats and there aren't any new launches by the participating builders. \"There are no new projects. With turnover at its lowest this time, we have introduced maximum number of developers having affordable stock. Of the 221 stalls of 130 developers at the show, nearly 60 belong to builders having low-budget homes, the most ever at the exhibition\" said Harish Chheda, convenor of the exhibition, which was organized by the Builders' Association of Navi Mumbai (BANM).Chheda and Bhupendra Shah, the former president of BANM, refused to acknowledge any impending correction in the market and claimed the exhibition was a success given the huge turnout of buyers at the exhibition, at a time when Mumbai was facing an economic slump. They added that the price at which the stalls at the exhibition were sold had been brought down for small-budget builders, who in turn would attract large crowds. \"There is no desperation,\" said Chheda, who hopes for booming business this year.According to a builder who refused to be named, a majority of highly priced flats were built on land bought by developers when the economy was at its peak. \"Now developers can't afford to sell them at low rates. Similarly, investors who bought the flats when they were highly priced, can't afford to sell the flats at a lower price. Due to this, several flats in Navi Mumbai have been put on hold. A builder in Navi Mumbai is unable to make even one deal a month,\" he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11859001", "title": "Riteish is the backbone of the team", "text": "Mumbai Heroes might have been crushed by the mighty Karnataka Bulldozers in the first semi-final of CCL-II held in Chennai on Saturday afternoon.But Mumbai Heroes captain Suniel Shetty is glad that Riteish and Genelia joined back the team when the team needed them the most. \"I had a strong feeling they would join us after the reception and they did. Riteish's absence was the missing the link in the team. Genny, maybe one of the brand ambassadors of the team, but for us, she's everything. Her energy just transforms the team's attitude. There presence makes a huge difference.\" The duo are also believed to be lucky for the team.Anna reinstates the same, saying, \"Riteish is the backbone of the team. He brings so much positivity when he walks in and it passes on to the players, it's simply awesome. Both he and Genny are very lucky for us.\" Speaking about the players that clicked for Mumbai Heroes this season, Suniel says, \"Apoorva Lakhia has hit the hardest and longest sixes in the tournament and pace machine Sunny is one of the quickest bowlers in CCL. Raja constantly scored well for the team and so did Shabbir Ahluwalia .It was timed and he came into his own in the Vizag match. But it is the team players' bonding and the joy of actors who are passionate about sports , playing together that makes us click. I strongly feel our eleven team players can beat any side on their day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "11863928", "title": "Kids fall sick after Vitamin A dose", "text": "DHANBAD: Altogether 16 children fell sick after they were administered Vitamin A drop in door-to-door campaign at Devipur village under Alhiyapur police station of Gandey block of Giridih district on Sunday.Giridih civil surgeon Surendra Prasad said four of the children, whose conditions were reportedly serious, have been brought to Giridih Sadar Hospital, 36 km from the village. The remaining 12 kids are undergoing treatment at a local hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "11863939", "title": "Munda lays stone for Tahley bridge", "text": "GARHWA: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Sunday laid foundation stone of Rs 4.24crore Tahley bridge, 12 km from the district headquarters. The bridge was collapsed during heavy downpour on September last year, snapping road links between the two districts of Garhwa and Palamu.The chief minister who arrived at the Tahley bridge site by chopper about two and half hours behind the schedule also addressed a public meeting there.Addressing a large public gathering at the bridge site, Munda said the Jharkhand government has chalked out a programme for the 12th Five Year Plan to ensure employment the youths. \"The youths will be provided employment after training. The plan is aimed at to provide direct appointment to the youths,\" Munda said.Munda expressed his pleasure over the production of bumper paddy crop. He said a record production of paddy crop has boosted the morale of farmers. The government has so far purchased 1,30,000 metric tonne paddy this year.Speaking on the power situation, Munda said, \"To ensure smooth power supply new power grid will be set up in every district. Jharkhand government is fully committed to ensure smooth and uninterrupted power supply in every district.\"Munda, however, did not say a single word on the worst condition of the road network.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "janta enclave", "code": "11855602", "title": "10,000 books sit in his library", "text": "JANTA ENCLAVE: The residence of 59-year-old Anurag Singh - 37, Janta Enclave - is on the must-visit list of many people from around the world. The reason? The place houses a huge library that stocks close to 10,000 books. These include the rarest-of-rare books on various subjects, including religion, philosophy and literature.Anurag, a banker, has to his credit 19 books, with five already being printed and 14 being under print.\"This library is the result of taste for books that I got from my father Tarlochan Singh, who was a celebrated author with over 40 books to his credit,\" he says.\"I shifted to this house on January 26, 2004 and one of the main reasons for coming here was to built a huge library. I have added to the books that my father collected from all across the world, almost doubling the number,\" Anurag smiles.Talking about his collection, he said he has some 200 manuscripts, most of them hand-written, and others have stone print with some these dating back to the 18th century. \"It also includes the original Guru Granth Sahib dating to 1705, 1707 AD signed by Guru Gobind Singh . I also have a Punjabi translation of Mahabharata by poet Tehkan. I also have a collection of 60 volumes of Max Muller's writings on Indian culture and religion,\" the collector says.In addition to the Janamsakhis, Anurag says he also has a collection of photographs of Guru Gobind Singh's original paintings of his childhood days dating to the 17th century.The library has literature related to Indian religions, including Buddhism, Jainism, Sikhism, Islam and Sufism. Dictionaries of Braj, Hindi, Urdu, Marathi, and Punjabi languages also a form a part of this rich collection.\"I am working towards digitization of this library so that I can make it available online for everyone. Many people have been asking me to sell some of the books and they have also been offering huge amounts. But these are sacred books... they're like my children and I can't sell them. After my retirement, I will work completely on my books and the research works,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11855119", "title": "Teen can't face parents after murder", "text": "CHENNAI: The 15-year-old boy who killed his teacher in a classroom in the city apparently after she complained about his grades has told cops that he doesn't want to meet his parents.\"I've brought dishonour to my family. I can't face them,\" a police officer quoted him as saying.The boy's father, a businessman, told police that he had scolded his son after the teacher made adverse remarks against him. He hadn't imagined, though, that the boy would vent his anger in such an extreme manner.The teenager, who was arrested on Thursday soon after he committed the crime, is now being kept in a government juvenile home.A day after Hindi teacher R Uma Maheshwari was killed, investigators found that she had made 13 adverse entries in the boy's school diary, reprimanding him for failing class tests. On Thursday, the boy went to school with a knife and stabbed the teacher, who was waiting for students for a special class.Police had taken the boy to the Esplanade police station, where he was interviewed before being sent to the home. He told police officers that he didn't want to meet his parents.\"He was so nervous,\" said an officer who interviewed him. \"He didn't know how to face his parents.\"When a police team took him to the Stanley Medical College Hospital for treating a hand injury he sustained during the incident, he kept staring at the floor.\"He didn't look up even once,\" said a policeman.His father broke down on seeing the boy being taken away in a police vehicle.A juvenile justice board, comprising a metropolitan magistrate and two social workers, is expected to complete an inquiry into the incident in four months. The board will then decide on the period of sentence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11856494", "title": "Hollow promises leave industries limping", "text": "What kind of development does UP need? The political parties fail to provide a clear answer through their election manifestoes. The compulsive demand of development has forced them to harp on populist measures rather than focusing on critical issues like the ailing industrial sector.The manufacturing sector constitutes only about 11% of the Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP) of the state and employs about 8% of total work force. Against the target of 11.5% employment generation, the actual growth rate recorded in this sector has been much lower at around 6.48% in 2007-08 and 4.96% in 2008-09. This showed no improvement in the last two years, i.e, 2009-10 and 2010-11.The result is that only 240 persons are employed in registered factories per lakh population in UP against the national figure of 777. Adding to this is the problem of regional disparities within state.Figures show that the number of workers in registered factories per lakh persons was only 107 in UP east and 64 in Bundelkhand as compared to 229 for Central UP and 43 in UP west. The cause of concern is that even after over six decades of Independence, many districts in the state, especially in the eastern region, have practically no registered factory segment at all.The reason for this is the failure of the government to create a conducive climate for industrial development. The foreign direct investment (FDI) has been almost nil. Moreover, actual investment in projects completed and under implementation was only Rs 4918.26 crore till the end of 2007-08. This was only about 25% of the proposed investment. This was Rs 5,176.63 crore in 2008-09, Rs 11,951.93 crore in 2009-10 and Rs 10,446 crore in 2010-11. This showed the government had failed to attract any substantial investment in the state.When compared to it, the construction sector has shown a robust and sustained growth throughout the period. The growth for the sector was 9.5% in 2006-07, 13.6% in 2007-08, 16.1% in 2008-09, 17% in 2009-10 and 18% in 2010-11. The sector had shown an overall boom in housing, roads, transport and communication both in private and public sectors. This is why the sector has been able to contribute the maximum towards the GSDP of the state.However, the most worrisome is tardy industrial development, mainly because the growth of this sector determines the long-term sustainability of economy. In the absence of industrial pace, the growth rate would not have much impact on the well-being of general people and gains made in economy would not be long-lasting.Ironically, these issues are evaded either tactfully or ignorantly by political parties in their manifestoes. However, they do not hesitate to show their concern by making tall promises.This time parties the freebies being offered are assurance of free tablet and a laptop to every passout of the secondary and higher secondary examination, free electricity to farmers, and free tubewell water supply for irrigation and like others.In fact, the ad hoc approach shows the non-seriousness on the part of political parties. This is evident from the fact that promises made earlier were never fulfilled. The industrial cluster scheme had been announced in the manifestoes of the Congress and the BJP. In fact, the scheme is not new. Three years back, a Rs 8.75 crore scheme was announced on similar pattern for Varanasi region. The scheme still remains on paper. Likewise, a Rs 5.17 crore carpet cluster scheme was announced for Bhadohi carpet weavers in 2008-09. This too was not implemented.For Chauri-Chaura area of Gorakhpur, which is also famous for farmers' revolt against the British rule in India, a leather cluster scheme was sanctioned in 2009-10. This also remains in doldrums. The BJP has shown its commitment for the revival of industries faced closure in 2007-08 and 2008-09. The number of such industries is estimated to be around 76,000. Their revival needs a heavy dose of fund. But how this fund would be raised is not clear from the BJP manifesto.Likewise, the BJP has promised to set up a `haat' on the pattern of Delhi Haat in every district headquarters to cater to the interest of artisans engaged in handmade things. Ironically, the scheme was also announced by the BJP with a great fanfare in 2000 when the then Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11855388", "title": "Plan panel, UD ministry headed for showdown on financing of Metro projects", "text": "NEW DELHI: The stage is set for another slugfest between the Planning Commission and urban development minister Kamal Nath over the viability of Public Private Partnership (PPP) in Metro projects. The plan panel has been vigorously advocating PPP for new Metro projects while the UD ministry has asked states to look at innovative financing mechanisms to fund capital intensive projects under public sector mode.The ministry, quoting a global study on urban rail transit, said PPP in Metro rail projects was not very successful. The analysis of Metro rail systems in 132 cities found that in 113 cities, 88% projects were developed and were being operated in the public sector whereas only in 12% cities some form of PPP existed.\"In fact, no city anywhere in the world (except the failed experiment of STAR and PUTR Metro rail in Kuala Lumpur) has attempted providing Metro rail in full city on PPP in last few decades,\" a UD ministry note said.Even new Metro rail projects which have been developed are largely being taken up on public sector mode rather than PPP, even though PPP has been an important financing mechanism of other modes of transport, it added.The ministry admitted that financing such highly capital intensive projects solely through gross budgetary support was not possible considering the fiscal constraints and pressing demands of both Centre and state governments.The ministry, which has promised Metro projects for all cities with more than 2 lakh population, made a strong case for public sector mode and self-financing of projects. States has been suggested a slew of innovative financing measures -- using land as a prime resource and levying taxes to discourage people from buying and using personal vehicles - to raise resources to fund Metro projects.It argued that cities which conceived Metro projects should cash in on hiked property rates along the corridors and the catchment area and increased floor area ratio. This could be used to partly fund projects.The ministry's note cited the innovative methods adopted by Karnataka where it has levied cess and surcharge on the market value of land and buildings in future developments in the city. It also extended the floor area ratio for all properties within a distance of 500 metres from the Metro alignment and taking 10% cess in respect of residential buildings and 20% in respect of commercial buildings on the additional FAR granted.The state government has also allowed issue of transfer development rates (TDR) in lieu of compensation for acquisition of land for Metro projects. All revenue generated through these measures is credited to Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation Limited and other civic authorities.The UD ministry has also suggested putting heavy taxes on registration fee of personal vehicles, congestion tax, green tax etc. Cities can generate funds out of betterment levy on land in areas which benefit from investment in urban transport projects, rationalization of parking fee etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11854855", "title": "Kazakh couple now wedded to a new faith", "text": "KOCHI: Vitaly, an engineer from Kazakhstan and his partner Alfiya will tie the knot on Monday in a simple ceremony at 'Dhayananda Bhavanam' in Chengannur, to embrace a culture and religion that was alien to them a couple of years ago.Their quest for an ideal religion had brought them to Satguru Bodhinatha Veylan Swami, 163rd Jagadacharya of the Nandinatha Sampradaya's Kailasa Parampara at Kauai Aadheenam ashram in Hawaii in the US.Satguru Bodhinatha Veylan Swami is the present spiritual leader of Kauai Aadheenam, known as Kauai's Hindu Monastery. He has been the monastery's head since the founder Satguru Sivaya Subramuniyaswami passed away in 2001. It was through the internet that Vitaly and Alfiya came to know about guru Saiva Sidhanta, and the 458-acre sanctuary on this tropical isle of Kauai. And they were moved by the organization's philosophy which brings God closer to man and follows a lifestyle of religious worship and service. \"Though we have already been married, we want a Hindu religious marriage to begin our new life,\" says Vitaly. According to the couple, what attracted them to this movement is the way it teaches to love all, including nature. And they decided on Kerala as the venue of their dream marriage especially because the guru is in the state to attend the Cherukolpuzha Hindu religious convention on Saturday.After the wedding, the couple will depart to Kanyakumari. They are planning to visit temples in Tamil Nadu and interact with sanyasins.Alfiya, a psychologist, has now left her job to devote more time for religious service. During their Kerala tour, they visited Shiva temples in Ernakulam, Ettumanoor, Changanassery and Thiruvalla before leaving for Cherukolpuzha to meet their guru. This will be the beginning of a three-year course that will make them familiar with all aspects of Hinduism and the organization.\"The course will help them convince others why they chose this religion, and they would need to get an NOC from their religious heads before they embrace Hinduism,\" says G K Nair, a disciple of the guru who hosted the couple in Kerala.And Vitaly and Alfiya will change their names after the course to be a part of the organization which has 21 monks from five nations at its ashram in Hawaii. And the ashram will soon have another Iraivan temple for which stones are being carved in Bangalore. The highlight of this Chola-style temple will be a crystal Shivalingam, 39 inches tall and weighing 700-plus pounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11855027", "title": "Parcel prank leads to bomb scare", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 50-year-old man received a 'parcel bomb' from Chennai on Saturday. Police said K Moorthy, an accountant from Pillaiyar Koil Street in Kattoor here, received a courier from Rishi in Koyambedu in Chennai on Saturday. Moorthy found two cans of petrol, wires, two batteries and a few matchsticks in the parcel.A panic-stricken Moorthy though the parcel contained a crude petrol bomb and took it to the Kattor police station where the bomb detection and disposal squad examined the parcel and concluded that it was harmless. Police inspector N Ravikumar said, \"We are making further inquiries.\"However, sources said the parcel may have been intended to scare Moorthy and his family. They suspect that a boy who was interested in marrying one of his daughters may have send the parcel as Moorthy was making arrangements for the girl's wedding.Deputy commissioner of police Hema Karunagaran said, \"We are looking at the video footage recorded by the courier company to see who send the parcel. If there are any doubts regarding the contents of a parcel, the courier company should inform us. We will soon nab the sender of the parcel.\"\"When I opened the parcel, I was scared. I thought the 'bomb' might explode at any time. So, I rushed to the police station. I don't have any enemies,\" said Moorthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11854937", "title": "Rajasthan comes calling to the city", "text": "KOCHI: The Rajasthan government is confident that the flow of domestic tourists from Kerala will increase in the coming years.A three-day festival titled 'Rajasthan Calling' began on Friday at the Girinagar Community Hall in Kochi, to promote Rajasthan tourism in the state.\"Last year, we witnessed a flow of 13.78 lakh tourists of foreign origin and 255 lakh domestic tourists into our state,\" said Somnath Mishra, additional director, department of tourism, Rajasthan government. \"There has been 10% growth in the number of tourists coming to our state. Of the various destinations, Jaipur and Udaipur draw the maximum tourists, while Ranthambore, Jodhpur and Mount Abu are also popular destinations,\" he said.Mishra said that the Rajasthan government had been conducting 'Rajasthan Calling' festivals across the country on a regular basis. \"We conducted the fair in 20 towns last year. This year we are conducting it in 22 cities, including Mumbai, Ahmedabad, Kolkata, Chandigarh, Madurai, Coimbatore and Surat,\" he said. \"One of the major reasons for organizing this festival in Kochi is to give people here a feel of Rajasthan, facilitate better understanding about the state and showcase the traditional culture and exquisite range of Rajasthani handicraft products and delicacies. The highlights of the festival are live folk performance and traditional food court,\" Mishra said.There are around 20 stalls at the festival which exhibit shawls from Bikaner, namdas from Tonk, embroidery from Barmer, brass nakshi and blue pottery from Jaipur, besides leather items from Jodhpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11855427", "title": "Gunmen threaten baby, granny to loot house", "text": "KOLKATA: An elderly woman was robbed at gunpoint in her Kasba residence on Friday evening. Barely a fortnight ago, chain snatchers had shot a woman when she was playing with her children in a Kasba neighbourhood.Police have failed to track down the goons in both cases. This incident follows weeks after the daring robbery where miscreants shot a Kasba resident and tried to snatch her gold chain. In the previous robbery case police are yet to detect the miscreants and in this recent case police still in dark.Fifty-year-old Tapasi Banerjee, a widow, owns a two-storey house at Kasba-Rathtala on the south-eastern fringes of the city. For the past few months, daughter Indrani, along with her one-year-old baby, has been staying with her mother. The house is adjacent to the local mini bus stand.Police said,Around 8.20pm on Friday, Indrani went to a one of her neighbour's house leaving her baby with an ayah and mother Tapasi. She returned after some time to find the main door open. After few minutes when she returned, the main door was open andWhen Indrani went upstairs, she was shocked to find her mother lying on the bed, gagged. The ayah Shukla was standing beside her with the baby in her arms. She looked scared. Her face had turned pale with fear.A few minutes before this, two youths had barged into the house, pointing guns at Tapasi and the ayah. One of the goons then put a gun to the baby's head as the other one snatched the keys and ransacked the almirah. Theytook away some ornaments. But before leaving, theygagged Tapasi and tied her hands. They also took away the bangles that Tapasi was wearing.While Tapasi lives on the first floor, the ground floor is rented out to a family, said police. As both floors have a common entry, the main door is kept open. Police also spoke to the tenant family who claimed that they learned about the robbery only after Indrani screamed for help.A case has been initiated and the anti-robbery section of detective department is also probing the case.Police are not ruling out the possibility of the gang that shot the homemaker on January 25. The victim, Vidya Desai, is still in hospital. She had tried to fight off the snatchers but the reckless goons opened fire eventhough her children, aged five and 10, were next to her. She was shot in the stomach. Police are trying to find out if the robbers in Friday night's incident came on a bike.Police are trying to trace whether the robbers had come on bikes.Usually the snatchers do not enter inside any house. Police are now trying to get that whether miscreants had used any motorcycle or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "indo-nepal border", "code": "11856263", "title": "'Dual citizenship' holders vote on UP-Nepal border", "text": "INDO-NEPAL BORDER: About two-dozen people standing on the Nepali side of the border plead to the Nepali police to let them cross over to Indian side. Assitant commandant Ramesh Madhesia on the Indian side, along with around two-dozen Special Service Bureau (SSB) personnel, is maintaining a strict vigil.The border is sealed with only people with some sort of emergency being allowed to cross over to Indian side as voting for the second phase of UP assembly election is on. The nearest booth from border checkpost is barely 50 metres away at two primary schools in Jugauli Gram Sabha.\"Only pedestrians, who have some medical emergency or have reservations for train on the Indian side are being allowed,\" said Rakesh Madhesia, who is ready to leave for the polling booth from his house on the Sonauli border. Barbed shackles have been laid on the no man's land to stop vehicles from moving to either side as a precautionary measure.The situation is understandable, more so as dual citizenship is an issue, which has plagued this region for many years even as heavy turnout is seen at almost all two booths on the border. However, any query on this thrown to the voters sounds a taboo. \"A Nepali look doesn't mean that I am from Nepal or have a dual citizenship,\" said Subhash to a query on his Nepali look. \"I have been living in India for the past 35 years,\" he claimed, adding that looks can be deceptive.Another Nepali-look woman Rani Sara, standing for her turn to vote, also denied having any Nepali link. \"I am purely from this (Indian) side,\" she said. \"I have always voted on this side and never in Nepal,\" she claimed.However, human rights activist DN Gupta, standing outside the polling station, admitted that several residents in the locality, famously known as Sonauli, have dual citizenship.Social activist Guruji puts the figure of such people at 80,000 in the Nautanwa region. Nautanwana is witnessing a contest between jailed leader Amarmani Tripathi's son Amanmani, who is contesting on Samajwadi Party ticket, and Congress candidate Munna Singh and brother of former MP from Samajwadi Party Akhilesh Singh.People of this region strangely live even with what they call a forceful dual comfort to avoid any discomfort. Citing an example, a betel shop owner said: \"Almost every citizen on the border on both sides has SIM cards from India as well as Nepal.\" The SIM cards are used as per the requirement,\" he added.The situation is no different in other bordering villages. At Araji Sarkar, also known as Keotaliya, which touches no man's land on Nepal border, villager Sher Bahadur told TOI: \"We live on the Indian side but prefer to go to Nepal for work as labourers fetch Rs 180 IC (Indian Currency) per day, whereas, it is only Rs 120 in India.It is impossible to avoid the dual citizenship thing here, said Mohammed Ali, a voter standing in queue. \"To work conveniently in Nepal, we need citizenship of that side and for comfortable living we need Indian citizenship too,\" said Lalmati (name changed), a woman waiting for her turn to cast vote at a booth in Keotaliya.In another village, Hardi Daali on the bank of river Danda, coming from Nepal side and hardly 20 metres away from the no man's land, former pradhan Ram Brij Prasad said: \"Yes, there are people with dual citizenship.\" However, the number is much less as compared to the single citizenship voters here,\" hastily added Krishnapal, who stopped after casting his vote on seeing ex-pradhan of the village involved in discussion.While Nepali citizens prefer to buy household items from Indian side and thus frequent this side as most of the things are cheaper on Indian side as compared to Nepal, a shopkeeper told TOI.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11855438", "title": "At some English schools, medium isn\u2019t the message", "text": "NASHIK: A reputed English-medium school 18km from the city does not have a teacher who can teach social studies to the students in English. Parents are displeased and students find it difficult to grasp what the teacher is teaching.\"We have come here from the south to earn a living and are not very familiar with the local language. Our children are studying in this English-medium school and they cannot understand what their social studies teacher is teaching. We have heard that she has been educated in a vernacular background and that the school settled for her since it could not find an English-speaking teacher. We cannot complain because it may affect our children's grades,\" said Malathi Srinivasan (name changed).Another parent, Savita Joshi (name changed), said, \"We are Marathi-speaking people, but if we have admitted our children in an English-medium school, we expect the school teachers to instruct them in English. If my son can't understand most of what is being taught, what will he write in the exams? We have to take extra efforts to teach him.\"The headmistress of a reputed school in the city said that it is difficult to get good English-speaking teachers these days and confirmed that the school in question lacked a good teacher for social studies.Another English school off the Nashik-Pune Road is reputed for its non-English environment. Deepak Shahane (name changed), a class IX student said that he took admission in this school last year because it was close to his place.\"I was studying in a convent school before taking admission here but the students do not converse in English and most teachers too do not speak in English, except when classes are on. The teachers converse among themselves and with the principal in Marathi. How will the students learn English?\"Dominique D'souza, a father of two, said that it was this very reason why he preferred admitting his tiny tots to a school that is a little far from home rather than in this school. \"I don't want my children to speak in mixed languages. The national language and the regional language can be learnt from our surroundings, and they have learnt those, but an English-medium school should cater to the language.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11856516", "title": "Passport online slots up for sale!", "text": "HYDERABAD: Notwithstanding the increase in the number of online slots for appointment to 3,000 at Passport Seva Kendras (PSKs) in the city, there seems to be no end to citizens' woes. The RPO claims 3,000 online slots are allocated at 6 pm everyday. However, within minutes the slots are snapped up by agents allegedly in connivance with the RPO staff and outsourcing agencies, forcing genuine applicants to wait endlessly for their turn.Though the passport authorities hoped that online slots and PSKs would reduce the waiting period and end the menace of agents, it seems to have proved counter-productive with the middlemen cornering the online slots and 'offering' them to those who are willing to pay a price.The modus operandi of agents came to light when software professional Sandeep (name chaged), who waited in vain for an online slot for two weeks, got an appointment within two days with the help of an agent.\"My wife and I logged into the passport website and filled-in the application successfully, but we failed to get appointments. \" Sandeep told STOI.Vexed with the never-ending wait, he went to the RPO to meet the passport officer. Again he ran up a hurdle having failed to get an appointment with the RPO. As Sandeep was leaving the passport office, an agent approached him and offered his help. \"I explained my problem to the agent, who gave me an assurance that he would get an online appointment for Rs 800 per slot. He gave his mobile number and asked me to meet him after two days if I agreed to the deal,\" he added.Accordingly, Sandeep contacted the agent after two days and he came along with online appointment printouts. When approached the agent, he said, \"I have tie-up with RPO staff to block online slots. They block some slots before making them available online every day. For each slot, I collect Rs 800. Do not bother about slots, they will be available as and when you (applicant) need it.\" When this issue was taken to RPO K Srikar Reddy's notice, he said: \"We do not have a system to track or identify whether agents or genuine applicants are booking online slots.\" Regarding the nexus between RPO staff and agents, he flatly denied it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11863760", "title": "Manipur theatre group nominated for national award", "text": "IMPHAL: Coming out with a flying start in the 7th Mahindra Excellence Theatre Awards (META) 2012, 'A Far Cry', a production of Ningthoujam Tombi (NT) Theatre, one of the prominent theatre groups of the state, has been nominated in nine categories for the prestigious awards.The 75-minute play, directed by Ninghouja Deepak, would premiere on March 6, the sixth day of the weeklong festival-cum-competition in Delhi.The nine categories the play has been nominated are Best Play, Best Director, Best Stage Design (T Shachikumar), Best Costume Design (K Priyobarta and T Memme), Best Innovative Sound Design (N Tiken), Best Female Actor (Nepram Dhanapati Devi), Best Supporting Actor - Male (Ningthouja Jayveda), Best Original Script (Budha Chingtham) and Best Choreographer (Ningthouja Deepak).A 37-member delegation of the theatre group will leave Imphal on March 5 to perform the play for the first time on stage the following day at Kamani Auditorium, New Delhi.Deepak, who is also the secretary of NT Theatre, said that winner of the best play category would be awarded Rs 1 lakh in the Meta.Of the total 268 entries from across the nation, only ten plays were selected for it, he said adding that the final award ceremony would be held on March 7 .Noted playwright Budha Chingtham, said 'A Far Cry' is based on the dreadful situation being endured by the common people on a daily basis as a result of the armed conflict besetting insurgency-hit Manipur.\"The central theme of the play is the pain, agony and the chain of sufferings inflicted by the common people living in the conflict situation. In my story, I attempted to intellect the audience through emotion so emotional overtone is emphasized in the play ,\" Chingtham,who bagged Meta's best original script award for 'Mythical Surrender' last year, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11855469", "title": "Rebels, defectors pose challenge to all parties", "text": "The party rebels and defectors have become a cause for concern for all the political parties in Panchavati division. Around 145 candidates are in the fray.In 2007 elections, 21 corporators from Panchavati division were elected to the NMC house, including six from the Bharatiya Janata Party, three from the Shiv Sena, four from the Congress, three from the Nationalist Congress Party and one each from the Lok Janshakti Party, the Bahujan Samajwadi Party, the Peasant Workers Party, the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena and an independent.This year, the wards in Panchavati division have been restructured to 12 new wards with two seats in each ward with a total number of 24 seats. The number of total voters in the division are 1,89,493. The NCP and the Congress are contesting 14 and 9 seats, respectively, from Panchavati division. The BJP is contesting 20 seats, while the Shiv Sena has fielded its candidates on 22 seats and its ally RPI on one seat. MNS is contesting 23 seats, while PWP and BSP are contesting two seats each.Around 16 outgoing corporators, including two co-opted corproators, are again in the fray. Outgoing corporator Gotiram Varghade has quit NCP and entered Shiv Sena. He is contesting from Ward 1 (A) on the Sena's ticket and is face-to-face with Congress candidate Ashok Burunge. Burunge is the outgoing Congress corporator. Sharad Koshire, who had contested the last polls as an independent and won, is contesting on the NCP ticket from ward no. 3 (B). The former BJP corporator Rajendra Navale and MNS' Ruchi Kumbharkar are in the fray from the same ward and are the real challenge to Koshire.Ashok Mutardak, who was elected to the NMC house for three consecutive time on Shiv Sena ticket, has quit the party and is contesting on MNS ticket from ward no. 7 (B) and challenging the Shiv Sena candidate and the outgoing corprator Sanjay Bagul.Co-opted corporator Gurumit Bagga, who was denied ticket by the Congress, is contesting as an independent from ward no. 8 (B) and is contesting against the party's official candidate Dinesh Bachhav. The outgoing co-opted corporator Bhagwan Bhoge (Shiv Sena) and another outgoing corporator Samadhan Jadhav (NCP) are contesting from ward no. 10 (B). The former mayor and senior BJP leader Balasaheb Sanap is contesting from ward no. 11 (B). The five outgoing corporators have lost an opportunity to contest the NMC polls this time due to change in reservation and three of them have fielded their wives in their places. These five outgoing corporators are Jayram Shinde (PWP), Kamlesh Bodke (BJP), Sharad Sanap (BJP), Jagannath Tandale (NCP) and MLA Nirmala Gavit (Congress).Shiv Sena corporator Jayashree Dhanawate and BJP corproator Madhubala Bhore had entered the MNS ahead of the elections. But MNS has denied tickets to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11860640", "title": "Kapil Sibal steers clear of Khurshid-EC controversy", "text": "KANPUR: Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal steered clear of the controversy involving law minister Salman Khurshid and the Election Commission , saying the two must have had their reasons for their stance even as he asked the poll body to also take note of the alleged misuse of bureaucracy by the BSP government.On being asked about EC's move seeking President Pratibha Patil's intervention after it charged Khurshid with \"improper and unlawful\" defiance of its orders, Sibal said, \"If someone has made a statement, there must be reason for it and the EC must have its reasons too.\"The individuals concerned will reply on the matter; I will neither reply nor will give my opinion on it.\"On the varied comments from Congress leaders on Batla House encounter, Sibal said the home minister has already taken a stand on the matter and this should be considered as the last word.Home minister P Chidambaram has maintained that the 2008 gun fight between security forces and terrorists in Delhi was indeed genuine and there was no scope for reopening the case.The HRD minister also refused to comment on Union minister Beni Prasad Verma's reference to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's age and said media should raise the issue of development in UP rather than such issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11854992", "title": "Elect Congress to improve AMC health: Chavan", "text": "AMRAVATI: Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Saturday said that the financial condition of Amravati Municipal Corporation (AMC) had worsened so much that no development work was done in the last two-and-a-half years and this is a chance that people elected the Congress party to power to change the scenario for better. He was addressing a public meeting organized for Congress candidates for AMC election scheduled on February 16.Chavan said that around 80% people will decide their representative in the coming municipal elections. It is important to decide proper representatives. \"Industrialization depended on urbanization and for development of Amravati city I will provide all the necessary funds. However, implementation of various schemes from the funds provided by the government is dependent on the corporator and hence people should give power to Congress,\" said Chavan. There are many issues like airport development and industrialization which will be taken care of on priority, said Chavan.\"Ours is a secular party which respect for all religions. Prime minister Manmohan Singh personally look into the Indu Mill land issue after which the problem was solved. It has been the demand of people to set up a statue of Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj in Amravati and will look into the matter,\" said Chavan.Addressing the gathering, president of People's Republican Party (PRP) Jogendra Kawade launched a scathing attack on the alliance formed by former Congressmen Dr Sunil Deshmukh and former BJP MLC Jagdish Gupta without taking their names. Kawade said that suspended leaders have now formed an alliance which has no meaning. He said time has come to permanently suspend these leaders from Amravati, he said.Agriculture minister Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil criticized mayor Kishor Shelke of NCP. He said \"I have never seen him seriously working for development of the city and many times I have shown discontent against it. He said that deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar had often said he had keys of the state coffer which was not true. The one who has the real keys of the state's exchequer is the chief minister and he will allocate funds for development of the state, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11854387", "title": "Thakre refutes charges of voter list changes", "text": "NAGPUR: Vikas Thakre, leader of opposition in NMC, has refuted allegations of illegal changes in voters' list at his behest and claimed he had submitted the objection to NMC well in time. Meenakshi Telgote and Nitin Diwe had filed a petition in this regard in the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court.The HC has issued notices to State Election Commission (SEC), NMC and Thakre and warned that the election from Takli Sim ward-from where Thakre is contesting-would be stayed if the facts were not put before it. The next hearing will be held on Monday.The petitioners had alleged that Thakre had submitted a complaint on February 1, while the last date for filing objections regarding the voters' list was January 31.Addressing a press conference on Saturday, Thakre produced a letter submitted to assistant commissioner of Laxmi Nagar zone, dated January 29, regarding irregularities in voters' list of his ward. Thakre said that NMC had done a great injustice by shifting around 2,000 voters from Takli Sim ward-from where he is contesting the NMC elections-to Airport ward. He was accompanied by his counsel Vinod Tiwari and many affected voters.\"Voters of Ramabai Ambedkar Nagar, Adarsh Colony and Bhamti in my ward have been illegally shifted to the neighbouring one. It is not the question of my voters or that of the rival party. It is a big mistake. I pointed out this blunder to NMC, which immediately rectified the error. What wrong have I done,\" he asked.He further said that he had the maps and date to prove that the voters in question lived within the boundaries of Takli Sim ward and could not be shifted to Airport ward.Replying to a query, Tiwari said that they would prepare the affidavit by Sunday morning and submit it on Monday to the HC. \"If required the affected voters would intervene in the petition. After they are also indirectly involved.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11855100", "title": "Singapore minister meets Sushil Kumar Modi", "text": "PATNA: Minister of state for foreign and home, Singapore, Masagos Zulkifli called on deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi at his official chamber on Saturday. Zulkifli had come to New Delhi to participate in a programme of Asian countries.According to a press release issued by the information and public relations department here, Zulkifli has also decided to visit Bodh Gaya. He met Modi to have a first-hand knowledge on Bihar's development. During an hour-long meeting, Zulkifli invited the CM and a delegation from Bihar to participate in a special programme on water management at Singapore in September.Meanwhile, Modi reviewed the preparations for the three-day 'Global summit on changing Bihar', which would commence on February 17. The programme would be inaugurated by Nepal PM Baburam Bhattarai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11855383", "title": "100 applicants fail to get admit card for Navodaya Vidyalaya exam", "text": "BHOPAL: More than a hundred applicants for Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya have not received their admit cards for the entrance exams scheduled on Sunday.Around 2, 000 students would be taking the entrance exams for Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya (JNV) of class VI on Sunday.Of these 123 have not received the admit cards, reason being the admit cards were available at the District Education Officer's (DEO) office instead of the school and also some of the admit cards had not been made.Principal JNV KK Tripathi said, \"The admit cards would be distributed before the entrance exams scheduled on Sunday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ballia", "code": "11856528", "title": "Ballia votes &amp; hopes for change", "text": "BALLIA: If not for anti-incumbency, people in Ballia on Saturday voted for a change. They queued up at the polling stations, partly disgusted with the state of affairs and partly wondering if the change of preference would bring any relief to them.\"I am not sure if things will change, but they have to change for sure,'' said 70-year-old Suresh Prasad Dhusia who stood in a long queue at a polling station in Laxmipur village of Phephana constituency where Samajwadi Party MLA Ambika Chaudhary faces a tough contest to retain his seat.Dhusia, a retired lecturer, has seen many politicians in his region. ``There has to be a limit to everything,'' he said. In fact, the wind of change hit the district even as Bahujan Samajwadi Party supremo Mayawati cancelled the candidature of all elected MLAs from the district. Out of eight constituencies, BSP had won six in the last election while the remaining two went to SP. This time as the number of constituencies has increased to seven post-delimitation.``They (elected MLAs) never showed up even during party campaigns this time. And that's understood. What would have they said if people had asked them what they did for the constituencies,'' said Ram Sahej, a native of Phephana village. As he waited for his turn at the polling booth, Sahej was quick to ask: ``You might have seen only the main road. Go inside the village and see what has happened all these years,'' he said.Ballia was the bastion of former Prime Minister Chandrashekhar.``But he is no more and so things have changed (for worse),'' said Sahej. Owing to the poor state of affairs voters here do not have much hope from politicians. ``They do not have time for us. You can meet them only if you have connections,'' said Santosh Kumar Rajbhar, a voter in Bansdih constituency where the contest is between Baccha Pathak of Congress, Ram Govind of Samajwadi Party and Badey Lal of BSP.The first-time voters, however, are confident of a change. ``Let us vote. Change will be there,'' said 20-yearold Soni as she stood in a long queue at a polling booth in Rasda constituency. The seat is witnessing a close between Sanatan of SP and Uma Shankar of BSP. Sanatan had to shift from Chilkahar constituency when it was scrapped following delimitation.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11860718", "title": "Rajini's new look in Kochadaiyaan", "text": "Last week, Soundharya Rajinikanth, who is directing her dad Superstar Rajinikanth in his upcoming period flick Kochadaiyaan, released the first look of the film. Naturally, fans were excited with the still, which had the Superstar striking a tapas-like pose.Now, Soundharya has released one more publicity still from the film, which has Rajini holding a fancy-looking bow. From these two still, it looks like the Superstar's fans have a real treat waiting for them with this action spectacle.Kochadaiyaan is said to be India's first motion-capture 3D film. The technology has been employed in Hollywood blockbusters like James Cameron's Avatar and Steven Spielberg's The Adventures Of Tintin: The Secret Of The Unicorn.Noted director K S Ravikumar is also involved as a consultant in this film which also stars actor Sarath Kumar in a crucial role. The female lead is played by Bollywood diva Deepika Padukone , while Rukmini Vijayakumar (of Aanandha Thaandavam fame) was recently signed on to play the role of Rajini's sister. The film's music is being composed by Oscar-winner A R Rahman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11854253", "title": "Special police officers to be appointed for polls", "text": "NAGPUR: City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay has already cracked whip on the criminals as a part of precautionary measures for the forthcoming civic poll. Dhanvijay is now set to appoint special police officers from the able-bodied citizens for election duty.A reward of Rs2,000 has been declared by the CP for cops as an incentive to trap firearms which have kept the cops on their toes of late with the use crude country-made pistols on rise in the city. On Friday, Dhanvijay took a security review meeting with the deputy commissioners of police. Dhanvijay is aided by joint CP Sanjay Saxena and special branch DCP SM Waghmare to prepare the final blueprint of the election bandobast.The measure to rope in special police officers, introduced by CP, would be in addition to the local police, State Reserve Police Force, Quick Response Teams and Home Guards for security arrangement. Out of the total 2554 booths in which polling would be done, 138 have been earmarked as sensitive.Dhanvijay said that there had been no booths bracketed in the hyper-sensitive category. \"The list and numbers of the sensitive booths can fluctuate as per the ground realities as the polling nears. The general booths can attain the label of sensitive and vice versa,\" he said. He added that he has already issued strict instructions regarding the neutral role of the police during the polling phase.Dhanvijay said police has stepped up preventive arrests apart from regular actions on illegal liquor dens and gambling. \"In last two years, city police have booked around 14 criminals under Maharashtra Prevention of Dangerous Activities Act and externed many more including women ,\" he said. City police have undertaken around 1037 preventive actions under different categories so far against anti-social elements. Around eight goons have been externed. \"More proposals of preventive actions are waiting to be reviewed and sanctioned. There are strong possibilities of more people landing behind the bars in next couple of days,\" said Dhanvijay.Dhanvijay said as an additional measure he has issued instructions to 23 police stations to conduct massive searches with 50 and more cops on a routine basis in respective jurisdictions. \"We are conducting combing raids to net criminals in the night every day in all the pockets,\" he said. Dhanvijay also added that he has ensured that the service of summons and executions of bailable and non-bailable warrants are done religiously to increase pressure on the offenders. He, however, declined to comment on the candidates having criminal background.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11855466", "title": "Chargesheet against Badshah", "text": "KOLKATA: Khonra Badshah, the hooch don who is responsible for the 173 deaths of 173 persons in South 24-Paraganas in December last year, had intentionally adulterated hooch to take revenge on his close aides and suppliers - Bakkar and Chhotu, says probe.On Saturday, after 60 days, the probe agency state CID riminal Investigation Department has submitted a chargesheet to Diamond Harbour court in both cases registered at Usthi and Magrahat following the hooch deaths. In Usthi case,The CID has accused 11 persons in the Usthi case. But four among them and four among the accused are absconding. In Magrahat case, 12 accused have been chargesheeted, where three persons are still at large. The chargesheets have been submitted under section 304 (culpable homicide), 326 (grievous hurt), 328 (causing hurt by means of poison), 120 B (conspiracy), 273(sale of noxious drink) and Excise acts.The probe suggests that Badshah started his career as a ticket blacker at Sulekha cinema hall in Sangrampur in his early teens. At that time, Badsha had an enemity following an enmity with a local criminal, whom he was trying to avenge. was in bid to take avenge. One evening, while crossing the train tracks with a bag full of crude bombs, Badsha suddenly fell down and the bombs went off damaging his right leg. Since then he has been known as Khonra Badsha.Later, he started hooch trade and turned into a hooch don.Probe revealed that after being pressured by locals, coming under local pressure in recent years,Badshah stopped manufacturing hooch. For the last few years, he had been purchasing the liquor from Bakkar and Chhotu - manufacturers based at neighbouring Gocharan.Buying hooch from others proved to be expensive . As he lost his own manufacturing units, the cost of liquor rose and it became difficult for Badshah to continue with the trade. Thus, he was planning to wind up the illegal trade and shift to Baruipur.CID confirmed that he had purchased several plots of land at Baruipur under the name of his relatives. But before shifting to Baruipur, he was planning to take revenge on rivals Bakkar and Chhotu. Badshah adulterated the hooch to ruin the trade and manufacturing units of his rivals. But he could not guage that it would claim so many deaths.CID officers claimed he had been running the trade with blessings from South 24-Paraganas satta don Sahjahan Gazi, close relative of local congress leader Akhtar Gazi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11863805", "title": "City boy's bright idea to bring solar bulb cost down to Rs 70", "text": "GUWAHATI: Young Guwahati-based entrepreneur Nilotpal Das has designed a new solar lightbulb that costs Rs 70. While the solar lamp and the panel provided by the government costs Rs 2,000, the new design by Das has brought about new possibilities. He is ready to install one million solar lightbulbs by the end of 2012.\"I started the experiment with the basic idea of installing a receiver and a reflector, which would help collect a greater amount of light even when it's foggy or cloudy. All the solar lightbulb requires is a pet bottle and a chlorine-and-adhesive paste. The bottle needs to be fixed by making a hole in its cap in such a way that the head remains in contact with solar light and the body is inside the house. The head absorbs the solar light and reflects it inside the house,\" said Das.Uttam Teron, known to work for the uplift of the downtrodden, was his partner in the project. \"Uttam da told me about the success of this project in Philippines and the prospect of such solar lights,\" Das added.Teron believes that the solar lightbulb designed by Nilotpal will be a hit as it saves electricity and doesn't need to be replaced unless the device is damaged. \"This device will help light up houses at an extremely low cost,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11855169", "title": "Experts blame govt for medicos' strike", "text": "HYDERABAD: Health experts and city doctors have come down heavily on junior doctors for boycotting emergency services and risking the lives of innumerable poor patients. But more than the striking doctors, they blame the government for its lackadaisical attitude and failure in managing the strike better. Putting patients through an ordeal is not the right way to protest, the experts said, but at the same time they blamed the government for having failed over and over again in addressing these perennial protests.For the last eight to nine years, junior doctors have periodically gone on strikes but their demands have got just as much attention as health as a subject gets in the state__ with a scheme like Aarogyasri keeping private hospitals in the pink of health even as public hospitals crumble under the weight of their patient load.The striking doctors are demanding that these crumbling structures be beefed up with funds and infrastructure and their stipends be revised. And doctors note that while on paper the Andhra Pradesh government shows its state-run medical colleges as \"residential campuses\" much like AIIMS, Delhi or JIPMER, Pondicherry, but fail to pay their interns and PG students on par with what their counterparts in those campuses get. \"In a residential campus, the interns and PGs have to stay in campus for 24 hours along with assistant and associate professors and also professors. This is the requirement of the Medical Council of India. This will not only ensure a 24-hour patient care, but the pay scale will also go up,\" says Dr A Y Chary, former director of medical education who has also served as superintendent of Gandhi hospital. He says it's the failure in implementing the residential system in entirety is the root cause of the problem.Ironically, while the government shows a robust infrastructure in place each time there is an MCI inspection but fails to pay the striking doctors according to the infrastructure they claim to have. The doctors have repeatedly said that they are willing to put in residential duties should their remuneration be increased. Doctors note that each time there is a strike, the junior doctors are promised a 15 per cent hike or some such. But that again remains on paper and soon enough there is another set of doctors going ahead with strike with the same demands.What doctors and health experts can't fathom is the skewed health planning of the government. They point out that at least 50 per cent of the Aarogyasri budget should be diverted towards strengthening the infrastructure of government hospitals. \"They are demanding infrastructure development because they are facing problems and patient ire. They should be paid on par with the central government residency system,\" says Dr Mohan Vamsy, founder of Omega Hospitals, who himself studied in JIPMER, Pondicherry and recollects much better remunerations even during his time. \"It is not right on the part of junior doctors to boycott emergency because if they don't work all the hospitals are paralysed,\" said Dr Vamsy, but noted that the government should look at providing at least basic facilities.After all, better infrastructure leads to better healthcare and so the junior doctors aren't exactly protesting for material gains. \"The equipment in government hospitals is obsolete; 20 or sometimes 30 years old. There is a lack of life support equipment such as ventilators. If the government directs at least one-third of the funds given in the name of Aarogyasri to government hospitals for investing in better infrastructure, then patients themselves will go to government hospitals,\" says Dr Mazharuddin Ali Khan, professor and head of department of orthopaedics, Owaisi Hospital.Those working in public hospitals can't agree more with the doctors' demands. \"There are times when there is only one nurse for 20 patients whereas the rule is one nurse per patient in the ICCU. There are no ventilators and incubators. Existing ventilators and incubators don't work. There is an apathy towards hygiene and cleanliness. There is also a perennial shortage of staff including doctors, nurses and ward boys because of which attenders themselves monitor patients round the clock,\" says a senior doctor with Niloufer Hospital who did not wish to be identified. The staffer notes that despite several representations to the Director Medical Education (Koti), nothing has been done so far.Meanwhile, the executive body of the Association of Surgeons of India, AP Chapter, convened an emergency meeting to discuss the issue of junior doctors' strike. The association members in a press release stated that the demands of junior doctors are justified and urged the government to take up the matter urgently and resolve the issue amicably so as to avoid the inconvenience to the public.TIMES VIEWA doctor's first training is to uphold the dignity of human life. By derailing emergency services in hospitals, the junior doctors have jeopardized lives but at the same time shown their desperate need for government attention. The government should have considered their demands seriously right from the beginning and not after the doctors resorted to this arm-twisting tactic. Also, it is high time the government accords health better attention because the only victim of bad infrastructure and such stirs is the helpless, poor patient.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11856224", "title": "'Change in GO indicate officials' hidden motives'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Barely three days after secondary education director, Sanjay Mohan was arrested on charges of luring Teacher Eligibility Test (TET) aspirants by promising them success in the said competition, it was found that the 'eligibility test' was deliberately converted into 'recruitment test'.A change in the government order, a week before the test (scheduled on November 13, 2011) clearly hints the hidden intentions of making money by the higher level officials. The first government order dated September 13, 2011 clearly stated that 'weightage will be given to the candidate's TET scores in the recruitment process.However, qualifying TET would not confer a right on any person for recruitment/employment as it is only one of the eligibility criteria for the appointment. It added that academic qualifications will form the basis of employment in primary and elementary schools.President, UP Madhyamik Shikshak Sangh (UPMSS), RP Mishra pointed out that when NCTE and even the state government order (GO) was so clear, what was the need of another GO that suddenly changed the qualifications. According to the earlier GO, recruitment for teachers in primary and upper primary schools was to be done purely on merit basis (in TET), thus doing away with the academic qualifications.\"It was a well-planned change made by senior government officials. Making changes in the total marks obtained by an individual in TET was easy. And since it was merit based system, it was no difficult for the officials to take money and increase the marks. The change in GO clearly tells their intentions of giving preference to candidates to make money,\" said Mishra.The Shikshak Sangh has also demanded a CBI probe in the matter. Mishra said, \"It's a huge scam, not less than the National Rural Health Mission scam. It's not only about 800 candidates, but is spread in the entire state. Only CBI can investigate and bring out the facts.\"It was only after the implementation of the Right to Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act, 2009, that there was a requirement of a large number of teachers across the country in a time-bound manner. UP was no exception. In this respect, National Council for Teachers' Education (NCTE) vide notification dated August 23, 2010 and July 29, 2011 laid down the minimum qualifications for a person eligible for appointment as a teacher in any of the primary and upper primary schools.The rationale for including TET was to bring national standards and benchmark of teacher quality in the recruitment process. But, in UP, the entire test was converted into a recruitment test.The test was more or less on the same patter as Central Teacher Eligibility Test (CTET) meant for schools affiliated to Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE). Angry TET candidates now question that when TET had a similar structure and content as CTET, why the latter had to pay Rs 500 each for two tests (primary and upper primary)?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11854502", "title": "Second phase of Gadchiroli polls under tight security", "text": "NAGPUR: Security forces are likely to face a tough challenge in the second phase of the zilla parishad and panchayat samiti elections scheduled to be held in Naxal-affected Gadchiroli district on Sunday.After securing an awe-inspiring polling percentage of 73.90% in the first phase earlier this week, the government agencies are gearing up for an encore despite the fact that Naxals too have managed to trigger a tension in the district with their propaganda. The second phase of polling is going to take place at four talukas of South Gadchiroli comprising Etapalli, Aheri, Bhamragarh and Sironcha.Around 107 candidates for 16 ZP seats and another 179 for 32 PS seats are in the fray. The polling is likely to take place in 315 booths. The administration has identified 99 booths as sensitive while 135 hypersensitive. Polling in around 30-35 booths from the interiors have been shifted to more accessible and secured places. The polling is scheduled be held from 7.30am to 3pm.According to a senior official, the locations of certain polling booths were in such places that both police and polling parties would have left helpless in case of a Naxal attack.Sources from the security agencies also indicated that sizeable number of dalams and companies of Naxals from Chhattisgarh have already infiltrated into the district to disrupt the democratic exercise. After not being able to disrupt proceedings during the first phase of polling in the north Gadchiroli, it is learnt that the Naxals are up on their toes and had been carrying out their anti-poll campaigns among the tribal in the remote villages. They have also issued threats to people engaging in voting.Gadchiroli collector Abhishek Krishna admitted that there is some tension in the air but administration is all geared up. \"Precautions have been taken in every sense,\" he said.Naxals tried to spread fear by murdering panchayat samiti chairman and Congress block committee president Bahadurshah Alam while he was preparing to file nomination for ZP seat. Eighteen candidates are in fray from the seat in which Alam was supposed to fight.The rebels have also carried out strong propagandas in the district in the favour of their appeal to boycott the polls to the civic bodies and condemn the political leaders for their neglecting the tribal issues. It is learnt that aroundIt is learnt district administration and security agencies collaboratively have undertaken the decision to shift the polling booths to safer destinations.Gadchiroli SP P Vireesh Prabhu said that the operations are underway along the borders and in other parts. Apart from the security arrangements, we have also decided to carry out operations in the sensitive pockets,\" he said, adding, \"The polling parties have already reached the base camps under tight security.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11855484", "title": "A mall for all seasons", "text": "KOLKATA: It was bound to happen. Malls have become the must-go destinations in Kolkata, to shop, party, celebrate, hang out or just for the heck of it. And it's not just the young crowd that swarms the air-conditioned, swanky buildings to spend hours on a cup of coffee, but even the elderly who find it a nice way to pass their time.It's clear that malls are also trying to widen their net. There are budget options smartly advertised. Exciting offers that lure the middle-class away from the para shop. Conveniently priced items in the food court to suit the average collegegoer's pocket money. And enough neon appeal to get them coming back.From special events to exciting play areas for children, the area is always buzzing with energy. \"The best part about malls is that they have something for everyone,\" said professional Sharan Upadhyay. But isn't it always a task to find space with hundreds flocking to these shopping arcades every day? \"Not at all. With so many coffee shops and fast-food joints, there is room for everyone to come and have a good time,\" says college student Riti Roy.What makes malls all the more appealing in Kolkata is that the city does not have that many pocket-friendly hangouts. Malls have options that suit every mood and every budget. \"So often, we have ordered one dish and shared it among five friends because we don't have that much money all the time, but it's cool to hang out that way,\" said school student Priyanka Roy. She feels malls are a great place to chat and unwind without being bothered by anyone.You only have to step into the food courts to see how malls are changing Kolkata's social life - they are crowded and noisy from the day's first order to lights-out. \"Even on a weekday afternoon, we do great business. Weekday mornings are all about ladies and children who eat out,\" said an official manning a kabab stall at a food court. \"The food courts, with a variety of cuisine at budget prices, are any foodie's delight,\" said executive Amrapali Bose while digging into a mutton sizzler.Officials at South City estimate that one in every five visitors is there simply to hang out. That would be in excess of 1 lakh people per week. Forum gets about 10-15% less. But both malls are dwarfed by City Centre in Salt Lake that is clearly the favourite among youngsters. There are days when the percentage of people hanging out is well over 50% of the total visitor count.Psychologist Amarnath Mallick believes the phenomenon is primarily because people prefer the safe environment at these places. \"There is no one to bother or harass you. There is no moral policing. Parents also prefer to send their kids to malls for a day out because they provide a lot of healthy entertainment opportunities,\" he explained.The glamour of a mall is also a major attraction. Sociologist Prasanta Ray says it is also to do with a feeling of modernity borrowed from western mindset. \"Malls are exciting places to hang out. Being aesthetically designed, they are very captivating. You don't know where time flies. Malls offer variety and cater to different age groups and attitudes,\" he remarked.\"Apart from a few dirty parks that are not well lit, nearby theatres and a pathetic zoo, there is hardly any option to spend leisure time in Kolkata,\" pointed out homemaker Dipika Roy, a mother of two who was seen enjoying lunch with her daughters at the food court of South City Mall. \"The benches at the parks and gardens are either broken or covered with dust and bird droppings; playgrounds are dirty and the zoo is a mere apology for the real thing. Isn't it quite natural we choose to spend time at the malls which are air-conditioned, have a variety of food on offer and toilets that are spic and span with attendants round-the-clock?\"As City Centre developer Harsh Neotia explains: \"City Centre Salt Lake was our first mall and the so-called mall culture had not even set in then. Our dream was to create an address that would no doubt satisfy people's shopping needs but where the atmosphere would also lend itself to all age groups and backgrounds, frequenting it for no specific reason. We wanted to create a campus-like feel - vibrant, warm and inclusive. It took the genius of Charles Correa to envision architecture that would enable all of it. Thus we have open and closed spaces, a horizontal rather than a vertical structure and shops and labels of all kinds. The adage for City Centre, therefore, has become 'Mall n More'.\"But beyond the money, there's a symbiotic relationship that has struck a chord between mall managers and mall rats. \"With relatively lower footfall on weekdays, youngsters lend vibrancy to the mall. It builds up aspirational buying for especially this section of consumers who plan high value purchases and may not be able to indulge in impulsive shopping. We believe they are our patrons in the mid and long term,\" said South City Projects deputy general manager (Events &amp; PR) Reshmi Roy.Forum Mall head (leasing &amp; sales) Khushboo Saraf, too, felt the small size of youngsters' pockets are more than adequately made up for by the buzz they add to a mall. \"They are also very influential in bringing parents to the mall and we look at them as future customers. They are fashion-conscious and aware of the latest trends. Shop window displays are specially designed to attract them. Once they like something, even if their pocket size does not allow it, their aspiration levels pull them inside the store and there are times they indulge in out-of-budget shopping or wait for end of season sale and try and pick up the piece,\" she pointed out.Malls also connect with shoppers through their decor that change to suit the occasion. It's a delight for youngsters and many click photographs, upload them on various social networking sites, thereby popularizing and showcasing the mall in the digital space.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11854976", "title": "Woman burnt, abandoned by husband, his partner", "text": "CHENNAI: A severely burnt woman, who lay unattended on a platform at the Chetpet railway station for nearly two weeks, was taken to hospital on Saturday morning after an engineer noticed her and alerted the 108 ambulance service. Doctors at the Kilpauk Medical College Hospital, where she was taken to, have described her condition as critical, as she suffered 50% burns.The woman, Sita of Ukkadam in Coimbatore, said her husband Moideen and his partner took her to Tirupati where they doused her with kerosene and set her ablaze. However, she said she couldn't remember how she managed to make her way to Chennai and lie on the railway platform in Chetpet.On Saturday morning, G Murugandham, who works in an IT park, saw her on the platform. \"Usually, I go to office in a van. Today, the van didn't come and I decided to go by train. After buying my ticket, I found the woman lying on the platform with severe burns. There was an overpowering smell coming from her due to the burns. I called the 108 ambulance service and we took her to the Kilpauk Medical College Hospital,\" he said.Recalling the horror, Sita, who was severely burnt from the neck down, said, \"My husband took me to Tirupati and constantly fought with me on the way, hurling abuses. He, his second 'wife' and another boy took me to a forest area, poured kerosene on me and set me on fire. I rolled on the grass and managed to survive.\"Moideen, who constantly fought with her as the couple didn't have any children, decided to get married again, Sita said. \"They shaved my head at Tirupati so that no one would recognize me. I cannot eat anything because of the pain. I have no idea why my husband decided to kill me. I am weak and have suffered too much,\" she said.The KMC police, who took Sita's statement, registered a case and began investigations. \"She hails from 13, Poomariamman Koil Street in Ukkadam, Coimbatore. She has also given us the addresses of her sister and her husband,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11860576", "title": "Salman Khurshid should not behave irresponsibly: CPM", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Criticising union minister Salman Khurshid for his \"defiant stance\" against the Election Commission , CPM leader Prakash Karat said \"people occupying responsible positions must not talk and behave irresponsibly\".\"We do not approve of Khurshid's defiant stance. He is a union minister and people occupying responsible posts must not talk and behave irresponsibly,\" Karat, who was here to address election meetings in support of candidates fielded by his party, told reporters.The Commission yesterday sought \"immediate and decisive\" intervention of President Pratibha Patil after it charged law minister Salman Khurshid with \"improper and unlawful\" defiance of its orders under which he was censured for promising sub-quota for minorities.Addressing an election rally in Farukkhabad yesterday, Khurshid had said he would ensure the rights of backward Muslims even if the EC \"hangs\" him.Khurshid refused to comment on Commission's move today. The CPM general secretary said he was glad to see a rise in voters' turnout in the ongoing assembly elections in Uttar Pradesh and claimed \"this signals at the winds of change blowing across the state where people are fed up with the parties which have been in power here as well as the so-called national parties which have been in power at the Centre.\"\"The results will surprise everybody. People are not going to vote for those who have been responsible for lawlessness and corruption.\"At the same time, they are not going to forgive those who have ruled the country and whose policies have been responsible for soaring prices,\" he said.The Left Party, which has been going through a lean phase ever since it lost power in West Bengal, after having ruled the state for close to three decades, has fielded its candidates in two out of 12 assembly segments in the district which will go to polls on February 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11854756", "title": "Who am I, asks Aleena Hussain", "text": "KOCHI: Inside the safe walls of Mumbai's Bapnu Ghar, Aleena Hussain waits to know who she is. Aleena just knows her name and that she is from Idukki. Her memory doesn't go any farther and efforts to know more about her have drawn a blank.\"She was found wandering at the Bandra railway station on February 6. Women cops questioned her. But she can't remember anything except that her father's name is Hussain and they are from Idukki,\" Vijay Dhopaokar, senior inspector of police, RPF station, Bandra, told TOI over phone. Nor does George Varghese, superintendent of police, Idukki, have any clue. \"There is no missing person complaint that mentions Aleena. We've have asked the crime branch to look into the issue,\" he said.The Bandra RPF, meanwhile, is seeking the help of counsellors. \"We are searching for Malayali counsellors who can make her talk. But we don't know how far we will be successful,\" Dhopaokar said. The RPF has already sought the services of Bombay Kerala Muslim Jama'ath leaders. \"She told us that she and her father were returning from Delhi after visiting a relative. Her father went missing the day they reached Mumbai railway station,\" said V K Sainudheen, Jama'ath vice-president.\"We kept asking and she gave us a number which was supposed to be a neighbour's. But our calls to 6674224 gave us a recorded message that it doesn't exist,\" Sainuddheen said, adding that they also found a second class train ticket for Changanassery purchased from Delhi. The police now face a dilemma. \"If her relatives do not come in a day or two, the RPF will have to take her back from the Bapnu Ghar. We can't keep her there for more than three or four days. That is why we are searching for counsellors to help us trace the identity about her,\" Dhopaokar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11855503", "title": "The new adda corners", "text": "KOLKATA: The young in Kolkata have become mall rats and how. Frequenting the shopping and entertainment hubs in large numbers, many young adults have discovered their own exclusive zones where they can hang out and chill with friends.The niche hangout zones are quite varied and unique - from the stairs at Forum Courtyard to the top floor parking lot at South City Mall to the quiet benches behind City Centre or the terrace next to the food court at Mani Square.\"We generally make plans at the last minute. Invariably, the preferred meeting spot turns out to be a mall,\" said media professional Varun Khurana.The picturesque architecture of Salt Lake City Centre with wide open spaces has been an instant hit ever since it opened in 2005. \"If we have to pass time, it's got to be the Kund area. The best part about this spot is that there is a lot of space and no one bothers if one hangs out for a long time,\" said Tamojoy Chatterjee.Riti and her friends prefer the top floor parking lot at South City on Anwar Shah Road in south Kolkata. They drive down to the mall in cars, park them at the top floor and then hang out in one of the vehicles. \"The area comes alive during monsoons and the smell of the rain is hypnotic. The sight is gorgeous - one can see pockets of the rain-washed city from the height while biting into mouth-watering finger food like pakoras that we purchase on the way,\" she said. \"It almost gives the feel of being in the hills , a peaceful respite from the crowd inside,\" explained her chirpy friend.The circular benches that line the open space before Forum on Elgin Road are also a hit with GenNext. It is very rare to find them empty in the evenings. \"These benches are the best place to chill with friends. No one asks you to leave. And there's a wide choice of food at hand with vendors lined up on either side of the street,\" said Sunaina, a college student enjoying candy floss with friends.For fashion student Radhika Sen, visiting malls is more of a necessity than a time to unwind with friends. \"I have to visit stores like Mango , Aldo, Sisley and Vero Moda to keep myself updated with the latest collection. These stores stock up with the latest trend that helps me at work,\" she said. Whenever she is with her buddies, she prefers to spend time on the stairs of Forum Courtyard. \"The stairs leading to the courtyard is an ideal place to chat and relax because despite being in close proximity to the stores, they are not frequented by too many,\" Radhika reasoned.If someone in the family is in a gaming mood, Amoeba, Timbuktoo or Scary House is the place to be. \"We have to frequent the gaming parlours for Koyena. She simply loves the games and rides on offer. While she is busy enjoying, I buy coupons and play a hand or two myself. It is very de-stressing,\" said Koyena's father. The gaming parlours are a boon in disguise for parents as they can sit back and enjoy while the kids spend their bottomless reservoir of energy in the games. \"It's such a relief to leave Suyash at Timbuktoo while I can do my own thing, be it shop or go to the beauty parlour,\" said young mother Anuradha.Rusha Roy feels that the quiet corners at Starmark are an ideal places to bond with friends. \"If I am at South City, the place where I am most likely to be is the bookstore. I have a few friends who are also avid readers. We meet up, settle into settees between the book shelves and discuss books,\" she said.Mall Total Built-up FootfallAreaWeekendsWeekdaysMani Square7,00,000 sq ft30,000-35,00015,000South City10,00,000 sq ft80,000-90,00050,000Forum2,00,000 sq ft22,000-23,00012,000-15,000City Centre I4,00,000 sq ft35,000-40,00015,000-20,000Avani Riverside6,00,000 sq ft50,00035,000", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11858504", "title": "Have an exotic Valentine\u2019s Day", "text": "If you've ended up with last minute planning for a short break, something special for Valentine's Day - definitely not something that includes traffic jams, over-booked hotels and overrated restaurants, try getting away from Mumbai, suggests Kamlesh Pandya.What would make a Mumbai-based couple opt to go somewhere else this Valentine's Day? \"Its chock-ablock at the 'hot and happening' venues,\" says Rajesh Iyer. He's been trying - unsuccessfully - to get bookings for Valentine's Day event. \"Should've booked earlier,\" mumbles his Valentine.If you are in a similar situation, consider the various options for Mumbai residents planning a last-minute special Valentine's Day event: it translates into traffic jams that seem to never end, party venues that are either booked out or bursting at the seams. Sounds familiar?\"It is an annual hazard in Mumbai's Valentine's Day calendar,\" says suburban resident Vivek Abrol. \"We try to get bookings for the best party, but that doesn't always work out the way we would want it to. Traffic on Mumbai roads is a pain, it ends up being aggravating at times - so, most Mumbai residents decide, 'will celebrate the next Valentine's Day in Goa'. That is one the best options for Mumbai residents who want to celebrate Valentine's Day without the traffic jams: fly to your Valentine's Day getaway.\"From domestic locales to global destinations is a good option for that 'special break', but if you're taking a last minute decision, largely, it makes sense to opt for international destinations where Indian can get visa on arrival. So, places like Hong Kong, Macau and Thailand are safe bets,\" says Heena Akhtar, COO of Travelport India.This year, quite a few of my friends opted for a flight to Hong Kong, given that they wanted a very special Valentine's Day, says Rinku Mala, South Mumbai resident. \"It makes for a delightful change, to celebrate Valentine's Day with someone special, in a totally new setting, and Hong Kong is among the better options for Mumbai residents looking out for a Valentine's Day celebration that's different and unique,\" she adds.This is where the usual travel story for Mumbai gets repeated - are airfares to Kerala and Sri Lanka or Thailand almost on par, and if so, should one look overseas for the ideal Valentine's Day get away?\"Definitely an option worth trying out,\" says Heena J Akhtar. In the build-up to this festive season, she's seen bookings by Mumbai residents targeting Valentine's Day in a foreign locale higher than usual. \"Most Mumbai residents who want to spend time with someone special this Valentine's Day want to try out something new, something different - and this year, destinations within a short flying time have been witnessing higher demand than what usually is during this time of the year,\" she adds.Malaysia is one of the locations where we've seen high demand for the Valentine Week, with the festive environment in Kuala Lumpur as also Genting Highlands being the major attractions. Nearby, Singapore is also a big draw, with special events planned across the Lion City, and for both destinations, we witnessed heavy bookings. Next in line is Dubai, which has its special allure for Mumbai residents, and with the Dubai Shopping Festival, it is a festive destination which comes alive during the Valentine week,\" adds Heena J Akhtar.\"The period just before and during the Valentine Week has seen maximum traffic to South-East Asia destinations like Singapore, Malaysia and Bangkok. Dubai has also shown a significant demand,\" said Neelu Singh, COO, on-line travel agency Ezeego1.com. \"A lot of travellers from Mumbai, especially during the Valentine Week, prefer short haul destinations that are affordable and have good air connectivity and these destinations perfectly fit the bill.\"Not all Mumbai residents want a short-haul trip - according to Karan Anand, head-relationships &amp; supplier management of leading travel agency, Cox &amp; Kings Ltd.: \"Scotland has been a good option for Mumbai residents to head of to for Valentine's Day.\"Another option comes from Lubaina Sheerazi, the India Representative - Ministry of Tourism, Oman, who says, that for a Valentine's Day getaway that is all about 'nature', a quick trip to Oman is unbeatable. Despite all the ingredients of a fast paced metropolitan minus the glass and metal high rises, Muscat in Oman has the perfect setting with its old world charm and sophistication. The weather is perfect this time around and the landscape intoxicating. The waters around Muscat are teeming with Dolphins, so setting sail on a yacht , one would love to unwind, watching the dolphins put up a spectacular show - and have a great Valentine Week!\"Obvious destinations also gathered traffic from Mumbaikars intent on skipping traffic jams and celebrating at a 'calm and cool' destination - like Kathmandu, Nepal. Noel Swain - Executive Vice President - Supplier Relations - Cleartrip.com says \"Kathmandu has gained an immense increase of flight bookings in 2011 - by almost 56 per cent, and a 100 per cent increase in hotel bookings, in comparison to 2010.\"The TravelPort India COO says that for those who planned in advance, Snowclad Europe has witnessed good bookings, but the 'hot favourites' remained Malaysia, Singapore and Dubai. Those who took a very late decision will be bound for Hong Kong, Macau and Thailand. Finally, those who opt to be away from Mumbai but within India, the bookings suggest it is largely Kerala and Himachal. Mumbai residents are gradually warming up to Valentine's Day celebrations and events in exotic destinations,\" she concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11860553", "title": "George Clooney to babysit Brad Pitt's six kids", "text": "George Clooney has offered to babysit for Brad Pitt's six children if his friend wins the Best Actor accolade at this month's Academy Awards .The 'Descendants' star - who has famously said he doesn't want kids - is up against Brad for the prestigious accolade and the pair have made a bet with each other on the outcome, according to the National Enquirer.If Brad - who raises six children, Maddox, 10, Pax, eight, Zahara, seven, Shiloh, five, and three-year-old twins Knox and Vivienne, with partner Angelina Jolie - takes home the prize for his role in 'Moneyball', George will have to take care of all the kids for the night so he and Angelina can go out.But if George wins, Brad will work a full day as a deckhand on George's yacht in Italy's Lake Como.However, Brad and George face competition from Gary Oldman , Jean Dujardin and Demian Bichir.George has previously said seeing Brad and Angelina with their brood of children has put him off fatherhood for life.He said: \"Even one kid running around my villa makes me nervous, so I'm definitely not a candidate for father of the year!\"If I need to surround myself with children and feel like I have this big extended family, I can always call Brad and Angie and ask them to stay with me, just to remind me why I'm so happy without.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11856110", "title": "It's showtime on rooftops", "text": "Film buffs bursting with a movie experience they are dying to share, grab a seat. The Chennai movie scene has opened up for film aficionados, with informal film clubs being set up on rooftops, office spaces, artist villages and even cinema theatres. Now, you've got the perfect movie and the perfect setting. Take the Roof-top Film Festival (RTFF) - currently on the terrace of The Startup Centre at Alsa Mall in Egmore - where movie enthusiasts meet once a month for a theme-based movie marathon that goes on from 9.30pm to 6am.Though RTFF began over five years ago, it died out when the founders left Chennai. So, when they revived it last year, the organisers decided the movement shouldn't be centered around one set of people. \"We have a different festival curator every month, who gets the movies and organises the venue and food. This way, different people handle the festival and it has less chance of dying out,\" says advertising agency executive Sandeep Makam, who was the curator for the heist-themed festival held recently. While the curator of the month announces the theme and organises the event, costs are split between participants , with each person paying an average of Rs 150. There is no membership and there is limited seating, so people have to sign in to attend. \"We are also trying to bring in a person from the film industry who has specialised in the genre we are viewing. For instance, for the murder mystery marathon we brought in director Mysskin, who spoke about his movies,\" says Makam.In RA Puram, the C4 (Cinema, conversation , Coffee and Cigarettes) movie club meets every Saturday at 3.30pm to watch films that almost never make it to a mainstream theatre here. Founded by former advertising executive Vijay Menon , C4 members share their personal movie collections. \"They can be in any language and genre but we do not screen pirated DVDs,\" says Menon. \"We announce the titles being screened on Facebook . We usually screen movies that are screened at film festivals the world over but never come to a theatre here. Later, we have a discussion,\" he says.What is really great about C4, says businessman Srinivas Krishnaswamy, is that you get exposed to movies you otherwise may not get a chance to see. Krishnaswamy took one of his favourites - the 1958 French thriller 'Elevator To The Gallows' -- for viewing last week and put together a short talk on the history of the movie and its making. \"I look forward to gaining perspective from these sessions,\" he says.Some theatres are also making an effort to screen films other than the mainstream ones. PVR Cinemas has a Rare Films Club, an initiative that kicked off in November 2011 with the screening of Paresh Mokashi's Marathi film 'Harishchandrachi Factory' , India's official entry for the 2010 Academy Awards. \"We screen movies here every Thursday. We are trying to switch between Hollywood classics, Indian regional content and foreign language films,\" says Shiladitya Bora, in charge of alternative programming for PVR. The screenings take place once a week across five cities. \"The schedule will soon be up on the PVR website but we are also on Facebook,\" he says.In August 2010, Cholamandal Artists Village on East Coast Road started the Friday Movie Club, which screens films and documentaries related to visual arts. Open to all, the sessions are held two Fridays a month. \"It's part of an art education and outreach programme, where we try to generate interest in visual arts,\" says Pallavi Nandagopal, who helps coordinate the screenings.Several international culture centres in the city such as Inko Centre, Alliance Francaise, the Russian Cultural Centre and Max Mueller Bhavan also conduct screenings of movies related to their country. \"We were surprised at the number of people, mostly youngsters, interested in Korean cinema,\" says Gomathi Jagannathan of Inko Centre, which screens Korean movies on the fourth Friday of every month.Day's specialsThe variety of films on offer range from mysteries to docu-dramasRoof-Top Film FestivalMovie marathon at Alsa Mall in Egmore once a month from 9.30pm to 6am for 150. Murder mysteries were the theme for January with movies such as Mulholland Drive (2001)Korean, French, German, Russian Cultural CentresScreenings of region-specific films, decided by each centreShows personal collections of participants at RA Puram, every Saturday at 3.30 pm, free of charge. Last week, the French thriller Elevator To The Gallows (1958) was shown with a short talk on the history of the movieFriday Movie ClubVenue is Cholamandal Artists Village on ECR. Entry is free, only visualarts-oriented movies are screenedPVR Rare Films ClubHollywood classics, Indian regional and foreign films are screened at Aminjikarai every Thursday, costs the same as a movie ticket. Paresh Mokashi's Marathi film Harishchandrachi Factory, India's official entry for the 2010 Academy Awards , was the first movie screened by the club", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11855726", "title": "A group of friends begin their musical journey", "text": "LUDHIANA: That \"promises are meant to be broken'' has become an overused slogan three couples in the city care two hoots about. Anand and Meenakshi Mangal, Vikas and Richa Taneja and Gurpreet and Sarleen have made vows on Promise Day that they seriously plan to keep.If all goes as per plan, industrialist Anand will follow his wife on her shopping sprees, Vikas, also an industrialist, will stop burping after meals and singing karaoke in the bathroom and businessman Gurpreet will spruce up cupboards, keeping them in top order.The wives have made their fair deal of promises too. Meenakshi, who has already dented five of Anand's cars, will not dent anymore of his vehicles; Richa will stop cooking 'tinda' (apple gourd) or at least change the way she cooks it; and Sarleen will altogether give up her precious chocolates.Anand, a resident of Agar Nagar, said his wife is a shopaholic so he never goes with her. \"Sometimes I am genuinely busy but even when I do have the time I wriggle out of accompanying her. But, on Saturday I have made the promise to go with her whenever I am not caught up with the factory,'' he added. A self-confessed \"bad driver'', Meenakshi said courtesy her, even a car they bought recently already has a dent. \"So, I have promised to be much more careful while driving and avoid any more dents,'' she said.Gurpreet, who also stays in Agar Nagar, said his cupboard's trademark is that it is always disorderly. \"After cleaning it up I have committed to never leave it shabby again and even if the things get out of order I will put them back together immediately,'' he said. His wife Sarleen said Gurpreet had been asking her not to eat too many chocolates so she has sworn to give them up. At the Tanejas home in Sarabha Nagar, Vikas' burping after food and singing in the bathroom have been a bone of contention. \"Richa used to tell me not to do it and that it looks bad, so I promised her to stop it. She was very happy,'' he said. More than willing to do her bit too, Richa swore not to serve 'tinda' at her home. \"Every time I would make it, Vikas used to scowl and refuse to eat. Now, I will either find a really nice recipe for the vegetable or stop cooking it,'' she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11854796", "title": "Will big crowds at Rahul rally translate into big votes?", "text": "VARANASI: It's not always that a Congress rally in Poorvanchal, one of India's most backward areas, sees a healthier turnout than that of Samajwadi Party. Not, at least, in an area with a strong Muslim presence.But Rahul Gandhi seemed to have achieved this feat at his rally in Varanasi's Beniabagh Ground on Saturday - crowds exceeding Mulayam Singh Yadav's public meeting at the same ground five days ago. Beniabagh is among the SP chief 's favourite rally venues because of the Muslim neighbourhood overlooking the dusty the ground.It does look like a minor victory for the Congress general secretary. But that's only until one starts scratching the surface. \"People who come to see Rahul don't necessarily vote for him,\" says Mehfooz Alam, a leader of the local weavers' association. The more than 5 lakh Muslim weavers here are next only to farmers in acting as the region's lifeline.Aware that Congress lost all eight Varanasi seats in 2007, Rahul is going all out to wean away the Muslim weavers, who seem inclined towards SP, despite Manmohan Singh's sop to their community. Rahul reminds the audience how the PM had cleared the over Rs 6,000-crore relief package and credit cards for weavers. \"I took you to the PM and what happened? The PM said yes to whatever I proposed even before he could fully listen to your problems,\" says Rahul. As he rolls up his sleeves again, that's one comment that's lustily cheered by sections of the crowds.\"The weaving industry is dying and merely promising to waive debts won't help. Congress can get support from Muslims only in constituencies where the BJP is leading and where the Congress candidate is strong enough to beat it,\" says Mohammed Nasim, a weaver from nearby Bajadian. He dismisses Congress's announcement of a 4.5% subquota for Muslims within the 27% for OBCs in jobs and educational institutions as gimmickry.Both Alam and Nasim say the Batla House case had struck an emotional chord with Muslims, not just in Azamgarh but in Varanasi too. The fact that the Centre did not order an inquiry into the encounter won't help the party either. \"Now, these statements by Digvijay Singh and Salman Khurshid are further adding insult to injury,\" says Alam.Almost as a consolation for Congress, though, Alam adds the Muslim vote in the region will be divided for the first time and that this is going to hurt the SP. \"The dilemma facing the Muslim voter is also because of the presence of parties like Qaumi Ekta and Peace Party and that is hurting SP that would have gained tremendously otherwise.\" But only between Congress and SP, the choice is definitely clear for the numerically significant community in the area.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "11860345", "title": "February 2nd week, most sad for writer fraternity", "text": "BARNALA: The second week of February is most admired as it is when the chill gives way to pleasant weather conditions but it has proved the most unfortunate for Punjab' literary fraternity, as the week, over the years, has turned out to be snatcher. It was February second week which snatched at least a Padma Shri award winner writer and at least three Sahitya Akademy award winner writers.It all started in 2003, when folklorist par excellence and writer Devendra Satyarthi(95), died on February 12. Satyarthi, having taken birth at Bhadaur in Barnala in1908, had won Padma Shri for literature and education in 1977. The song 'Lak tunu tunu' had become immortal. The year 2010 and especially its second week of February proved to be most sad for literature lovers as it left big vacuum hard to fill by snatching three Sahitya Akademy award winner writers and the fourth writer passed away in following month of March. Santokh Singh Dhir(90), who had won Sahitya Akademy for his short stories book 'Pakhi' in 1996 passed away on February 8.Ram Sarup Ankhi(78) and Harinder Singh Mehboob(70) died on February 14, that year. Ankhi had won Sahitya Akademy for his novel 'Kothe Kharak Singh' in 1987 and Mehboob had won it for his poetry book 'Jhana di Raat' in 1991. The fourth Sahitya Akademy award winner writer, who passed away in 2010 was Dr. Jagtar, though he skipped the February week and passed away on March 30. Dr. Jagtar had won the coveted award in 1995 for his work 'Jugnu diva te dariya'.Ram Sarup Ankhi, Harinder Singh Mehboob, Dr. Jagtar, Santokh Singh Dhir were all well read writers be it novel writing, storytelling, prose writing.Ankhi is more known for his short stories and novels written in Malwai dialect of Punjab. His award winning novel Kothe Kharak Singh is translated into many languages including English. Harinder Singh Mehboob, a poet is more known for his religious writings of compiling Sikh Gurus including 'Sahje Rachyo Khalsa'. Dr. Jagtar, widely read author, had got acclaim for his poem 'har paer te saleeban, har mor te hanera phir bhi asi ruke na, sada bhi dekho jera'(We never stopped even facing toughest times), the words depicts his indomitable courage fighting against odds. Santokh Singh Dhir' work Koi ik sawar got much admiration apart from award winning book Pakhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11860502", "title": "Isro row not affected space programmes: Chief", "text": "BANGALORE: Seeking to put the Isro row vis-a-vis Antrix-Devas deal and its fall-out firmly behind, the space agency chairman K Radhakrishnan has said the focus now is on missions and indicated that successful space ventures would redeem its pride.At the same time, he dismissed suggestions in some quarters that the controversy which persisted for two weeks has dented the image of Indian Space Research Organisation and that it has cast a shadow over the space programme.\"I don't think so (that Isro's image has taken a beating, and that it has overshadowed the programme). That's the feeling I get from (various) Isro centres (in the country),\" Radhakrishnan, also the secretary in the department of space and chairman, space commission, told PTI here.\"People will understand what's going on,\" said Radhakrishnan, who had been accused by former Isro Chairman G Madhavan Nair of being behind the move to blacklist him and three other ex-Isro scientists in connection with the scrapped deal.For Isro, what matters is a mission, Radhakrishnan said. \"If you do a good job, everybody is with you,\" he said, indicating that successful space ventures would put Isro back into positive limelight.\"As far as Isro is concerned, I don't see any problems,\" he said, adding Isro is now working on the launch of radar imaging satellite in the last week of March, as well as the ground-test of cryogenic engine.Asked if the Isro row is a closed chapter, he said: \"Yes, I think from my head it has gone... reports are there ... what has been done.... everything is there.\"\"I want to worry about Isro now,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11863811", "title": "MNREGA is not a scheme for buying SUVs: Ramesh", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Union rural development minister, Jairam Ramesh, has asked the Assam government to ensure that the funds for the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MNREGA) is utilized properly as anomalies in the utilization of funds are surfacing in different states.\"It has been found that many panchayats across the country are misusing the funds allotted for MNREGA. The funds are being used to buy high-end SUVs instead of going to the actual beneficiaries,\" Ramesh said at the Gram Unnayan Sammelan here on Sunday.\"MNREGA is not a scheme for buying SUVs. It is a scheme to help the poor villagers with a 100-day work guarantee and a payment of money for their labour. Scams related to MNREGA funds have surfaced in many parts of the country. I appeal, particularly to women, to stand against such misuse of funds in their villages,\" Ramesh warned.Though he clarified that the statement was not targeted at Assam he did say that as the state receives significant funds under the scheme - 2,200 panchayats in Assam get at least Rs 1 crore each - the money should be properly utilized. \"There should not be any irregularities in the utilization of MNREGA funds. There should be strict monitoring to ensure that the money actually goes to the beneficiaries. Panchayat bodies are entrusted to run the scheme and it should be implemented without any anomalies,\" he said.Ramesh added that in 2012-13, his ministry is coming up with an ambitious scheme for supplying drinking water and sanitation facilities to six lakh villages across the country. He asked chief minister Tarun Gogoi to implement the drinking water and sanitation scheme in all villages of Assam within the next five years. \"There will be no dearth of money. I have consulted with the PMO and the finance ministry for adequate money for the scheme,\" he said.The Union rural minister also pointed out that state governments across the country often do not decentralize power to panchayat bodies. With state panchayat polls expected to be held in December this year, Ramesh said he hopes local bodies will enjoy all the powers that the Constitution has sanctioned for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "11855618", "title": "Hubby makes Roma's day special", "text": "BRS NAGAR: Roma Arora, a private school teacher who turned 28 on February 11, got more love than she had expected three days before the Valentine's Day, as her husband Simranjeet Singh made her birthday more beautiful.He was the first to wish her in the morning. He also got her a sweet chocolate cake for breakfast as a token of love and some flowers too. The couple got married in 2007 after a love affair and have three-year-old daughter, Saathi, who is a testament of their love. The sweet couple and their daughter went to see the movie \"Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu\" on Saturday. The couple also wished for others, praying that everybody should get his beloved and there should be love all around in the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11861258", "title": "Lovestruck Factory!", "text": "LONDON: Love is in the air! Quite literally for a confectionery factory in Britain producing sweets with love messages on them, as 122 employees out of its 500-staff are in a relationship with each other.Romance has clearly blossomed at the Love Hearts factory in Derbyshire to the extent that it now puts it in the running for \"most romantic workplace in Britain.\"Swizzels Matlow, the confectionery company, that makes the sweets claims that 122 of its 500 workers are in a relationship with each other.The family firm, which is based in the North Derbyshire town of New Mills, released the data just a few days before St Valentine's Day, the key selling period for the little sweets.But Swizzels Matlow suggested anyone who questioned the motives behind releasing the figures were hard-hearted cynics.\"I think it's a lovely story that so many people met here. We knew anecdotally that many were either married to each other or going out with each other, but we just did a quick ask around to find out how many were together. It's a very close-knit place,\" Jeremy Dee, director of the company was quoted by the Daily Telegraph as saying.The company makes 200m Love Hearts every year, each with a message such as \"I Love you\" or \"All mine\".It is not the only company to boast of its ability to bring people together. Bill Gates, the world's second richest man, met his wife Melinda while working for Microsoft.At Southwest Airlines 2,416 of the 37,000 employees are married to each other. Many of the couples met while working for the airline and Southwest was so pleased with its matchmaking role, it uses LUV as its stock market symbol.More than 100 MPs have family members on the payroll, with many employing their spouse as a secretary or assistant.Steven House, 46, a factory employee, met his girlfriend Laura Garlik, 38, at the same workplace.Their eyes met across the production line of Double Dips, a type of confectionery produced in the factory.\"It's a very relaxed atmosphere, you can have a laugh,\" Garlik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11855061", "title": "Speeding Omni rams car, woman passenger hurt", "text": "CHENNAI: Two cars, one of which was allegedly travelling at more than 120 kmph, were involved in an incident in Nungambakkam on Friday night in which a woman was injured. The accident occurred around 11pm.The Soundarapandianar Angadi traffic investigation police, who rushed there, were told by witnesses that a Maruti Omni which hit a Maruti Alto was \"almost flying\" along Haddows Road.The Alto, driven by businessman Prakash B, 41, of Taylor's Road in Kilpauk, which was hit by the Omni, climbed on to a platform on the right of the road and came to a halt between an electric post and the compound wall of the railway officers' complex. Prakash's wife Namratha, 37, who suffered injuries, was admitted to a hospital.Head constable N Palanivel , said, \"The Omni driver, Ganesh G Patel of Azeez Mulk Street in Thousand Lights, drove rashly and hit Prakash's car from behind. The Omni rolled on the road thrice and came to a halt after hitting a huge tree, at least 40 metres from the Alto.\"Patel, a stationery shop owner who escaped with minor injuries, was arrested. A case was registered under IPC Sections 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) and 279 (rash driving on a public way).A police officer said, \"We will soon put up some barricades to slow down the speed of vehicles. But people should drive slowly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11854299", "title": "Attack on Indian shocking: British MP", "text": "The issue of racial attacks against Indians in United Kingdom surfaced yet again on Saturday after a 26-year-old MBA student was stabbed in London. The incident occurred even as member of the UK Parliament, Keith Vaz , was in Mumbai carrying a message of assurance that UK was safe for students.Originally from India, Vaz, who has served six terms in the UK Parliament, stopped by the city before visiting Goa and Delhi to soothe Indian ties.\"This is absolutely shocking and very upsetting. We need to find out all the facts of the incident,\" he said, referring to Saturday's attack on Praveen Reddy. Earlier in the day, Vaz met the family of another victim, engineering student Anuj Bidve (23), who was shot to death while roaming the streets of Manchester with his friends in December. \"We all feel a sense of outrage about the terrible tragedy. I am glad that someone has been charged and we will know what exactly happened after the trial,\" said Vaz, who instituted a revolving fund for Bidve's family. He handed over the 1,000 they raised last week to his kin.The attacks, along with changes in visa rules, have dampened the spirit of students aspiring to head to UK for education. The UK government has recently tweaked visa rules making it harder for students to pursue work in UK and imposed stricter English language tests.Indian sensibilities were further stoked after TV personality Jeremy Clarkson mocked Indian culture on a Christmas special on BBC. \"It is offensive that we still don't have an official apology from BBC. It was an unfair characterization of a country, and Clarkson should have personally come down to India and tendered an apology,\" said Vaz, who has written to the director-general of BBC.Vaz also spoke out against the sponsorship of Dow Chemicals for the Olympics in London. The involvement of Dow has raised calls for boycott of the sports event from victims of the Bhopal tragedy as well as sportspersons in the country. Saying the UK government was not directly responsible as Dow had tied up with the Olympic committee, Vaz told TOI that he proposed that Dow pay an equal amount of compensation to the victims of the Bhopal tragedy as they were allotting to the games.Emphasizing the need to re-energize India's ties with the UK, Vaz said India was emerging as more important to Britain than even the United States. \"It's time to have a generational shift and the best way is to focus on the next generation of business and trade ties with the people of both countries,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11854623", "title": "'Create businesses, not for profit but to resolve problems'", "text": "PANAJI: When he set out, seeking to free 42 village women from their combined $27 debt with his own money, little did he know in the process he would give rise to the very concept of micro credit.What started as a step to help poor village women ultimately led to the founding of Grameen Bank as the world knows it today.But for Prof Muhammed Yunus , the welfare economist who brought the concept of microcredit into prominence, profit was never the motive. Poverty alleviation and women empowerment was what he had envisioned. Yunus, who shared the 2006 Nobel Peace prize with Grameen Bank observed that though \"humans have great creativity, problems (of poverty and inequality) continue as all our creativity is used to make money\".\"We need to create social businesses, not for profit but to find solutions to social problems,\" he added. Yunus was speaking at the concluding lecture of the DD Kosambi Festival of Ideas 2012.\"Poor people are like bonsai people. There is nothing wrong with them. Society never let them grow...never allowed to fulfill their potential,\" said the 71- year-old who also serves on the board of directors of the United Nations Foundation . He faulted the \"creation of a money centric system with profit maximization\" for the increasing inequality in society.Every time I see a problem, I try to solve it by creating a business, said Yunus who claims he has created 50 social business companies. He cited \"Grameen Phone, the largest taxpaying company in Bangladesh providing phone services to women and villages\", the solar home system in villages, the fortified yogurt venture with French foods product multinational Groupe Danone as some of the ventures founded by him.\"Money is not the sole path to happiness. Making other people happy can lead to happiness too,\" said Yunus in a sagely moment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11856227", "title": "Women politicos inspire girls to achieve: Study", "text": "This would be encouraging news for women contesting in the upcoming civic and other local body elections and could well become a plank for the pro-reservation lobby. Women politicians highly influence the career aspirations of teenage girls and positively impact their educational achievements, according to a recent joint study by economists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Harvard University and Northwestern University in the US and the International Monetary Fund.Indian polity should take note, all the more because the economists used an Indian district for their analysis. They collected data from 495 villages covering 165 village councils in Birbhum district in West Bengal, where onethird of the seats are randomly reserved for women.The economists found a distinct 'role model effect' in villages headed by women leaders as compared to those with male leaders. Villages headed by male leaders had a 32% gender gap in the desire of youngsters (11 to 15 years) to graduate or study beyond the secondary school level, but the gap vanished in villages headed by a woman leader for two electoral terms. Parents on an average were 45% more likely to want their sons to graduate than their daughters, but this bias too narrowed by 25% in villages that had female leaders for two terms.The gender gap narrowed for outcomes as well. For instance, the economists found that girls on an average spent 79 minutes more per day than boys on household duties. But they saved 18 minutes of this time in women-led villages. Where education was concerned, boys were 6% more likely to attend school and 4% more likely to be able to read and write in maleheaded villages, but girls were neck-to-neck with boys in places that had women leaders for two terms.\"The big takeaway of our study is the importance of changing aspirations as a way of affecting change,\" said Rohini Pande, professor of economics, Harvard Kennedy School of Government, who with well-known economist Esther Duflo and others worked on the research. \"We believe an important part of what constrains girls is limited aspirations. That is, it is harder for girls to aspire if they live in an environment where the message is that education is less relevant for them since their destiny is to get married and have children.\"One of the possible reasons for such a trickle-down 'role model effect' is that women leaders invest in policies that make it possible for girls to get ahead, states the study. For instance, investing in drinking water could save hours women spend on household chores. Role-model behaviour was the other. \"In addition, exposure to female leaders may be an important driver of change in voters' beliefs about what women can do and their daughter's aspirations. If scaled up, we would hope that a greater presence of women leaders would improve attitudes towards girls and increase parents' and children's willingness to invest in education,\" Pande told TOI.The researchers interviewed 8,453 adolescents and their parents and compared their aspirations before corroborating these with actual educational outcomes and time spent on domestic chores.Professor of women's studies Medha Nanivadekar, who is studying women's reservations in politics on a fellowship in Washington, concurred with the findings. Her studies in local governance show that women politicians motivate youngsters to work in public positions of power. \"This makes a strong case for equal representation of women in politics, even in Parliament,\" she said.Narrowing The DivideVillages headed by male leaders had a 32% gender gap in the desire of youngsters to graduate or study beyond secondary school. The gap vanished in villages headed by a woman leader for two electoral termsParents were 45% more likely to want their sons to graduate than daughters, but this bias narrowed by 25% in villages that had female leaders for two terms", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11858065", "title": "Music album launch of Anupam Roy in Kolkata", "text": "As young gun Anupam Roy took to the makeshift stage just outside the entrance of a city mall on Feb 10, 2012 evening, music lovers were seen jostling for space.And for obvious reasons. The \"Amake amar moto thakte dao\" boy was about to release his solo music album \" Durbine Chok Rakhbona\", which has been produced by V Music of Shree Venkatesh Films Pvt. Ltd after a string of hits in films.Before releasing his album, the singer-composer enthralled the audience with the original version of \"Benche thakar gaan\".After that it was the moment when director Srijit, Anindya and Upal of Chandrabindoo along with model-actor Debi released Anupam's much-awaited album. \"It was ready way back in 2011 but I had to wait because of \" Baishe Srabon\" to release it. It's now time to work on my new album,\" Anupam said.The venue was packed with his fans and traffic came to a halt to catch a glimpse of the singer. Said Srijit, \"Anupam and I have been rehearsing for the past five years to decide on the speech when he releases his solo album. So, today we are prepared with our speeches.\"Anindya congratulated Anupam, saying, \"He is one of the finest songwriters today and we're sure Anupam will keep enthralling us with his beautiful compositions.\"Upal, who had suggested that Anupam shift base to Kolkata from Bangalore, was happy that the singer had listened to him. \"Today when I release Anupam's solo music album, I feel happy to have advised him to come down to Kolkata,\" smiled Upal.\"With Anupam on stage, it's better to hear him sing,\" smiled Debi to which the crowd agreed in unison.Anupam too didn't want to disappoint his fans as he sang all the songs from his album. Needless to say, everyone happily joined him when he sang \"Amake amar moto thakte dao.\"The anthem singer of Kolkata's musicscape surely had the time of his life!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "11854709", "title": "Ultrasound machines sealed in Ramgarh pvt hospitals", "text": "RAMGARH: A health department team, led by civil surgeon Dr Dilip Kumar Singh, sealed two ultrasound machines being operated by a couple of private nursing homes in Ramgarh district after complaints of pre-natal diagnosis for sex determination were received.The action was taken on the direction of deputy commissioner Amitabh Kaushal. Both the nursing homes failed to produce documents related to operation of the machine and had no radiologist in place. Singh on Saturday confirmed the sealing of the ultrasound machines saying the nursing homes were not authorized to carry out tests. \"We have sealed the ultrasound machines at Raj Nursing Home, Bhurkunda, and Raj Hospital, Ramgarh as they have no authorization,\" Singh said adding that there was no expert radiologist in Ramgarh who could properly operate the machines.\"These nursing homes are cheating patients especially pregnant women who desire to determine the sex of the foetus,\" he said. However, no complaint or FIR has been lodged in this regard after the nursing home owners agreed to abide by the rules and directive of the health department. \"They should maintain record of each pregnant woman who undergoes scanning and the machine must be operated by a qualified radiologist,\" Singh said.Dr Rajendra Mahto of Raj Nursing Home, Bhurkunda, denied involvement of any kind of pre-natal diagnosis and said his nursing home had obtained authorization from the undivided Hazaribag health department which is valid up to 2013. But he admitted that he had no expert radiologist for operating the machine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11855485", "title": "Valentine's Day: Low production of roses leads to imports from other states", "text": "SHIMLA: With Valentine's Day around the corner, florists in the Queen of Hills are usually a happy lot as red roses will be in great demand during this period of time. The hospitality sector also has many bookings from couples for February. However, due to rough climatic conditions this time, local production of flowers, especially roses, has been quite low, rue florists.Ravi Mehta, a wholesale supplier of flowers at Barulia in Mashobra, said, \"This year, production of rose and gerbera has been quite low. Demand for roses around Valentine's Day is now being met by getting them from Punjab, Delhi and Chandigarh.\"Another florist, Kusum of Universal Agencies in Ganj Bazaar, said, \"Though flowers are in demand throughout the year, we are observing a trend of rise in sales of red roses during this occasion for the last few years. Due to insufficient supply from local areas this year, we have arranged these from Bangalore and Pune and as a result, we have to hike the prices also.\"A college student, Niti Chauhan, said, \"Though different mediums are available to express oneself, Valentine's Day is incomplete without red roses and youngsters will pay any price for it. This time, roses are expensive as compared to the previous year. Carnation, tulip and red rose sticks are selling for Rs 20 currently, which was Rs 15 last year, and on the Valentine's Day, these will sell above Rs 50 a stick.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11855098", "title": "Ninad to provide scholarship to students", "text": "PATNA: Ninad, an organization dedicated to music and dance, on Saturday announced to provide scholarship to students belonging to poor families.\"We have selected 14 students from a lot of 400 in this regard. They would be given free musical training and a scholarship of Rs 500 a month,\" said Ninad secretary Neelam Choudhary.Ninad also announced its plan to start a pre-school where children would be taught alphabet, shapes, colour recognition and counting through music. Kids between 3 and 4 years of age would be admitted in the pre-school. Initially, only 50 kids would be admitted. A sum of Rs 1000 would be charged as monthly fee, Choudhary added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11855230", "title": "PM reviews impact of SC\u2019s 2G verdict", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Saturday reviewed the impact of the Supreme Court's 2G verdict with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and senior ministers being briefed on the implications of the apex court scrapping 122 licences and rejecting the first-come, first-served principle. Although the government is not keen to seek a review of the order, a view within the government is that some clarifications from the court may be required.The UPA-II leadership was given a detailed presentation by telecom minister Kapil Sibal , AG Goolam Vahanavati and telecom secretary R Chandrasekhar outlining the fallout of the ruling on licences allotted during jailed ex-telecom minister A Raja's tenure.Sources said the keen interest displayed by the PM in the SC ruling signaled the fact that government is examining the fine print before taking any action. The government is worried that the court ruling auction as the only method for allocation of natural resources would have an impact on several sectors. It wants to minimize the disruption in key sectors by unveiling clear rules.In addition, there is a view within the government that even if a separate review petition was not filed by it, the Centre may have to seek clarifications on the issue, especially if the stipulated timelines are tough to meet.Sibal refused to disclose much. \"The purpose of this exercise was only to inform the prime minister and the group about the salient features of the judgment and its consequences and implications and the basis on which the judgment has been rendered,\" Sibal told reporters after almost an hour long meeting.\"It was an exercise for informing the group. We were not required, nor did we seek any decisions from the prime minister or the group. That was not the intent of the exercise,\" he added.The meeting comes over a week after the Supreme Court cancelled all the 122 licences issued by A Raja, who is facing criminal charges and is in custody for over a year.This week, even the Norwegian government expressed concerns over the fallout of decision given that Telenor, where it holds majority stake, has invested Rs 14,000 crore in the country. Even the Russian government, which has a 17% stake in Sistema Shyam, is expected to raise the subject with the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11854238", "title": "Parking of Starbuses continue in Kasturchand Park", "text": "NAGPUR: It's a blatant misuse. The parking of Starbuses has continued in Kasturchand Park (KP) showing disrespect to history and disregard to heritage. Guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe as well as the leaders of ruling and opposition group in Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has condemned the use of the historical ground as parking space.Moghe told TOI, that KP should not at all be permitted for parking of buses. \"Permission for public meetings and such programmes are justified. But permission for parking of buses is wrong. The officials concerned have assured to stop the parking from tomorrow,\" he said.Around 140 Starbuses have been parked in KP towards RBI square-Railway Station road since last 21 days. A few buses may also be seen parked nearer to Bandstand, a heritage structure located in the centre of KP. The ground comes under jurisdiction of the district administration and parking has continued on oral permission given by the collector Saurabh Rao.Rao told TOI, municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal had requested for temporary parking of the buses in KP following law and order problem. \"I have asked NMC to send a letter to the district administration requesting permission but have not received. The arrangement was for just a few days. But I came to know from TOI about the parking being continued. Besides, a few NGOs too brought the issue to my notice. I will ensure no parking is done in the ground,\" he said.Jaiswal said, two-three buses were set afire and some damaged by agitating Starbus staff around January 18. After holding a meeting with the police department, I requested the collector to give permission for parking on temporary basis. It is a short gap arrangement.Now, that the situation has normalized, we are looking for alternative parking space instead of roads. Efforts are on to get permission to park the buses in Morbhavan that is reserved for city bus service. Starbuses are the property of NMC and have to be protected. Besides, the parking has been done only during the night and it is a justified decision,\" he said.BJP city president and senior corporator Anil Sole has also protested the parking of buses in KP. \"Whether it may be a temporary or permanent arrangement, the parking of buses in KP itself is wrong,\" he said.Slamming the BJP-led ruling party, leader of opposition group Vikas Thakre said, the buses are parked in KP and also in the proposed land for construction of London Street.\"Starbus operator in nexus with the ruling party leaders is going up to any level. It was the responsibility of the operator to develop bus stop and also parking places. But the operator has miserably failed not only to do so but also to operate the buses in a proper manner. The condition of the buses is deteriorating with every passing day,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11856097", "title": "Sharad Rao\u2019s son offers Sena support", "text": "The Congress-NCP alliance received a setback on Saturday when a sulking Shashank Rao, son of BMC union leader and NCP leader Sharad Rao, met and submitted a letter of support to Shiv Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray.Shashank has already openly defied the Congress-NCP alliance's decision to field a Congress candidate from Ward 50 of Bangur Nagar in Goregaon, saying no Congress candidate can win from the area. He wanted the alliance's ticket and said he alone could win from the seat. The seat was given to senior Congress leader and nephew of Gurudas Kamat , Sameer Desai, who is now pitted against the Shiv Sena's Raju Padhye. In his letter, Rao promised support for Padhye.Reacting to the developments, Desai said he was already prepared for such an eventuality and it makes his case for the ticket stronger. \"In the past, whoever Shashank Rao has opposed has won the elections in this ward, and so it makes me more hopeful that he is opposing my candidature,\" said Desai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11855544", "title": "Mercury goes up to 9.3 deg celsius", "text": "PUNE: After a few days of cold, chilly weather conditions, citizens can now expect relatively warmer days and nights ahead.The minimum temperature on Saturday went up to 9.3 degrees celsius as against 6.6 degrees celsius recorded on Friday. This was two notches below normal. The maximum temperature too went up significantly, at 32 degrees celsius from the 29.8 degrees celsius on Friday.The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast the night temperatures to go up further, to 11 degrees celsius, while the day temperature will remain around normal, at 32 degrees celsius, in the next 48 hours.An IMD official attributed the rise in the temperatures to the movement of a western disturbance from the north-east Afghanistan and adjoining Pakistan to over north Pakistan and adjoining Jammu &amp; Kashmir.\"The presence of western disturbance has reduced the influence of the strong north-westerly winds, which were bringing cold air to the central and peninsular India,\" the official said.\"An induced cyclonic circulation lies over central Pakistan and adjoining north west Rajasthan,\" he said adding that these systems will move east-northeastwardsSevere cold wave prevailed at isolated parts of the central Maharashtra belt, which stretches from Nashik/Jalgaon in the north to Kolhapur down south with Pune at the centre, while lesser harsh cold prevailed in the remaining parts of central Maharashtra and Vidarbha regions.Malegaon recorded the state's lowest temperature on Saturday, at 7.2 degrees celsius (-6), while Ahmednagar and Nashik recorded 7.8 degrees celsius (-7) and 8.6 degrees celsius (-2), respectively. Jalgaon recorded 9 degrees celsius (-5).Night temperatures remained appreciably below normal, that is, a difference of three to four degrees celsius from normal, in some parts of Konkan and Goa, which includes Mumbai; Marathwada and Vidarbha regions. The Santacruz observatory in Mumbai recorded a minimum of 14.6 degrees celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11855410", "title": "NIA detains one for bomb blasts", "text": "INDORE: The National Investigation Agency (NIA) detained a man from Depalpur on the outskirts of Indore on Saturday.Depalpur police inspector Ghanshyam Bamania said that Kamal Chouhan was taken into custody from Mudkheda village after two men from NIA approached the police on Friday seeking his detention for interrogating him in connection with terror activities.Bamania said that he was not aware of the reason for Chouhan's detention. However, he confirmed that two NIA officers had approached him.It may be mentioned that the agency has been probing many bomb blast cases, including Samjhauta Express and Malegaon, which took place between February 2007 and September 2008.The investigating agency announced on Friday a reward of Rs 24 lakh on four accused in different cases. The agency has announced a reward of Rs 10 lakh each for information on Sandeep Dange and Ramchandra, alias Omji, both residents of Indore.A reward of Rs 2 lakh has been announced for Mehul, alias Mafat Bhau of Vadodara. The agency has also declared Rs 2 lakh award for info on Amit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11855701", "title": "Many Cong, BJP leaders will soon join JD(S): HDK", "text": "MYSORE: With an eye on next Assembly elections, JD(S) leaders in the state are girding up their loins. According to state chief H D Kumaraswamy, the party's aim is to make use of the present political situation and occupy the political vacuum created by other parties like the BJP and Congress. Kumaraswamy says his target audience is farmers in general and various caste groups in particular. Excerpts:Why this decision to tour the state when elections are not in near future? Both the Congress and the BJP have failed to meet the peoples' aspirations. While the ruling BJP has failed to give a good governance, the Congress has failed as opposition to checkmate the BJP on various issues. I want to instill confidence among party workers and the masses and ensure that the JD(S) is still a force to reckon with.What are the issues you are raising during this Janavahini yatra? First is the assurance to farmers that the JDS will be their caretaker and no other party will match its concern for farmers. At present, farmers are the worst hit and nobody is bothered about them. Through this yatra, I assure farmers that only JD(S) can resolve their issues and JD(S) is their (farmers) party.How you are planning to extend your party base to north Karnataka where Lingayats and other social groups identify themselves with the BJP? I don't want to indulge in caste calculations; people of north Karnataka have realized that BJP has ditched them. Even Lingayats are turning towards us. I had been to Taralbalu fair where Lingayats positively reacted to my speech and many times they acknowledged their support with a thunderous applause. Even the seers present on the dais were happy. This shows Lingayats are a changed lot now.Will it not be a tough task to attract people of North Karnataka who feel JD(S) as a party is restricted to South Karnataka? I am determined to debunk this notion. In the coming days, I will prove that I am one among them. There are plans to rent a house at Gulbarga and Belgaum and spend some days there meeting people.Is there any possibility of polarization of leaders? Yes, definitely many leaders from the Congress and the BJP are ready to join the JD(S). It will happen in the coming days. I am sure JD(S) will emerge as a major force in the state's political arena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11855211", "title": "Water Board's 'bid' to keep reservoirs free from fish", "text": "HYDERABAD: Though fishing is banned in Osmansagar and Himayatsagar, the two prime water sources of the city, fisherfolk of villages abutting the reservoirs, flout the order making the water turbid.To put an end to illegal fishing, the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) has been floating tenders to remove fish as well as prawns from the reservoirs to keep these clean. In its fourth attempt, the Water Board has finally succeeded in awarding the contracts to two bidders, but the amount they quoted is far below the offset price.\"The Water Board is drawing 41 million gallons a day (MGD) from Osmansagar and Himayatsagar for supplying to the twin cities,\" HMWS&SB; chief general manager (Transmission) V Visveswaraiah told STOI. \"We came to know that fishermen from six villages (Khanapur, Aziznagar, Kokapet, Gunugurthy, Chandanagar and Chilkur) abutting Osmansagar and seven villages surrounding Himayatsagar (Himayatsagar, Aziznagar, Nagireddiguda, Bakaram, Venkatapur, Nadikuda and Kothalguda) have been illegally fishing in the two water bodies. Due to their activity, the water has become turbid,\" he added.Though the Water Board has taken measures to ban fishing in these reservoirs, fishermen continue their activity. \"So, we decided to remove fish wealth and approached the department of fisheries in April 2011, to evaluate the marine population in the two reservoirs. A three-member committee was also set up to assess the quality and fix offset price of the fish wealth,\" the official added.According to a report submitted by the fisheries department, there could be four tonnes of 'juvenile prawn' and 28 tonnes of fish in Osmansagar. Based on it, they pegged its offset price at Rs 14.32 lakh. Similarly, they estimated that there could be 8.5 tonnes of 'juvenile prawn' and 90 tonnes of fish in Himayatsagar and fixed Rs 32.64 lakh as offset price.Based on the offset price, the Water Board has invited tenders thrice , but there was no response from the fishermen, Visveswaraiah added.However, in February, six bidders (fishermen) - three for each reservoir - submitted tenders. J Sailoo bagged the Osmansagar fishing contract for Rs 4.50 lakh, while K Gangadhar offered Rs 5.10 lakh to fish in Himayatsagar. \"The final orders will be issued to the successful bidders soon. Though the bidders quoted a lower price than recommended by the committee, we have decided to remove the fish to protect drinking water sources,\" another senior Water Board official said.The successful bidders have to follow certain conditions while netting fish. Fishing operations should be carried out strictly between 6 am and 6 pm. They should use non-motorised boats and cannot use dragnets. The bidders have to remove the fish within 60 days from the date of agreement, the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11855686", "title": "'It was an unbelievable accident'", "text": "JAIPUR: A pall of gloom descended in Mansarovar's Heera Path area on Saturday as the bodies of three persons killed in the Friday night mishap arrived after postmortem at SMS Hospital.Some family members drifted in and out of consciousness at the sight of the bodies wrapped in white sheets. The neighbourhood is yet to recover from the shock. The only sound piercing the silence in the colony was the occasional outburst of grief from the parents of 8-year-old Arpit and the family members of furniture businessman Pramod and his son Subham.The two families living next door to each other were inconsolable. The neighbours remembered how happy Pramod's family was just 15 hours ago when the new car arrived at their doorstep on Friday. The family had distributed sweets to celebrate the occasion. Some neighbours whispered it is the car which brought bad luck to the family.\"The iron items are like that. They can bring you an extremely good luck or bad luck. In case of Pramod family, the car brought bad luck,\" said a 65-year old neighbour.A marriage is to take place in one of the two families on February 17. Arpit's cousin Balkishan is to tie the knot. But the family members are now unsure how things will proceed.\"There is an uncertainty looming over the marriage whether it should take place during the mourning period of 12 days. However, everybody seems to have forgotten about the marriage at the moment. The engagement ceremony is just three days away,\" said another neighbour, Ramkishan Agarwal.Arpit's father Govind Agarwal who runs a flour mill was in a state of shock. \"When Arpit saw the new car in Pramod's family, he also insisted that he would take a ride,\" said a family member.Pramod's wife Laxmi was also in the car when the container from a truck fell over it on B2 Bypass. However, she escaped with minor injuries. Neighbours said that she was rushed home from the spot and was not told about her husband's death till wee hours.\"She fell unconscious many times ever since she came to know about her husband's death,\" said the neighbour.A huge crowd of Mansarovar residents took part in last rituals of the three deceased. Many of them did not know the affected families, but the shock of the mishap was so intense that they came to console the grieving family members anyway.\"It was an unbelievable accident. Imagine someone going on the road and suddenly a container falling off the truck running ahead. It was horrifying,\" said Abhay Purohit, a Mansarovar resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11854948", "title": "Bangalore cops in city to probe ATM scam", "text": "CHENNAI: The Bangalore police have sought the assistance of the Chennai police in nabbing a gang that cheats ATM customers and escapes with their money.Police said the fraudsters insert a thin filament underneath the enter button on the ATM keyboard. After inserting the card and typing out the PIN, the customer would not be able to continue the operation as the enter button remains stuck. Immediately after the customer leaves the ATM, the fraudster enters and removes the sheet and presses the enter button to withdraw money from the customer's account.The Bangalore police have registered 145 such complaints and have told the Chennai police that the gang might have come to Chennai.A team led by sub-inspector B Barath attached to the Cubbon Park police station was in the city on Saturday to get details about the credit card fraudsters. They discussed the matter with assistant commissioner of police (bank fraud wing) A John Rose and inspector S Dilli Babu.Police forces across the country have been collaborating to exchange intelligence and devise joint methods to net credit card criminals. Many police teams from other states had shown interest in learning about the modus operandi used by Umesh Balaravindran, 27, who was arrested in Chennai last September for cloning credit cards. His gang had been installing thin skimmers at ATMs to read the details of cards swiped and later use them to clone cards.In Mumbai, a gang had even installed a fake ATM and, with the data stolen from swiped cards, withdrew more than 1 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11855695", "title": "Service voters to vote between Feb 15 and 19", "text": "KANPUR: The service voters would cast their votes between February 15 and 19. This decision was taken by the Election Commission to ensure that the service voters also get a chance to vote. On the polling date, they would remain busy in performing their duties at different polling booths.There are some 2,000 men of paramilitary forces and 14,000 service voters. They would be stationed at different booths on February 23. On the instructions of the Election Commission, the ballot papers of these service voters have been printed. The police and security personnel would cast votes on the ballot papers meant for them at Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology between February 15 and 19.Earlier, the dates fixed for service voters were between February 17 and 20. Deputy district election officer SK Singh said that preparations for service voters to vote is nearing completion.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11856511", "title": "23 Valentines for whom love is not a namesake", "text": "KOCHI: Every February 14, privately, anonymously, each of them becomes the toast of the world. As Kerala readies for another V-Day, TOI finds there are 23 persons in the state who have been named after St Valentine. From 73-year-old Francis Valentine of Kannur to four-year-old Elvis Valentine of Kochi, they have a romantic tale to share.\"I believe I am the only person named Valentine in this part of the state,\" says Francis Valentine. \"I don't know why my parents named me Valentine, but I love it. Everyone knows me for my name.\" My family just loves it and sends me special greetings on Valentine's Day.\"Kochi has the maximum number - 10 - of Valentines, followed by the capital with seven, Kollam five and Kannur one. Telephone directories show there are no Valentines in Kottayam, Pathanamthitta, Thrissur, Palakkad, Alappuzha, Idukki and Kasargode.Many of those named by their parents to commemorate the Christian martyr. who died for love are proud of their name. For Valentine Pinheiro of Aluva, the name is his identity and he loves telling everyone why he is named after the saint.\"I don't approve of the marketing stunt in the name of Valentine's Day celebrations these days. Youngsters have fallen victim to it and they have forgotten the real spirit of love which the saint stood for,\" he says.For Rita Valentine of Vazhakkala in Kochi, the name is her only tangible bond with her deceased husband. \"His name was C M Valentine and each time I utter my full name I realise how much he meant to me,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11856195", "title": "2 Independents in ward with citizens\u2019 corporator", "text": "Election constituency 63, the Juhu ward that elected Mumbai's first citizens' candidate, Adolf D'Souza, is this time seeing two Independents in the fray. This was one ward that functioned on the concept of elected Area Sabha Representatives (ASRs) based on the Nagar Raj bill.This time around, the candidates are Vijay Thakre (Independent), Shrikan Yadav (Independent), Dilip Patel (of the BJP), Jayanti Siroya (Congress) and Bala Palkar (MNS).Thakre's candidature is being supported by the Lok Satta Party (LSP). Though he is contesting as an Independent, Thakre will become a member of the LSP if he wins and has already signed up to join the party.Thakre said that the Juhu ward, with significant backing from Lok Satta, had successfully elected Mumbai's first citizens' candidate in 2007 and had implemented the concept of a \"functioning ward committee\" with elected ASRs. Thakre was chosen by the existing ward committee in Juhu to stand for elections. The committee will become defunct when a new corporator is elected.\"If Thakre gets elected as corporator, he will become a corporator from the LSP with due legal process,\" said Mustan Tambawalla, secretary, LSP. \"He has given us a legal undertaking to this effect. We will then form a ward committee in three months.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11855747", "title": "Their chemistry: Opposites attract", "text": "CHANDIGARH: 'Opposites attract' stands true for Raman Chadha and her husband S K Chadha, who would complete 25 years of their marriage in 2012.Raman, a physics teacher at a prominent girls' college in city, has a habit of perfection in her work and all things around her. And her better half S K Chadha, a management professor at Panjab University, is not quite fond of 'orderliness'.The first ever gift they presented each other was their engagement ring on the engagement day.\"He is brilliant at hospitality and serving guests. His best quality is his networking skills and the exceptional friend circle he has. And when it comes to helping those in need, he extends his effort for everyone around and not just his friends,\" says Raman of Sector 9, Panchkula.\"My husband appreciates the healthy lifestyle I have adopted at home. Even he has picked up my habit of a regular walk and likes the food I cook with least possible oil,\" adds Raman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11863938", "title": "Dug-up roads posing threat to the lives of localities", "text": "KANPUR: Carelessness of the authorities of Jal Nigam and Municipal Corporation are proving dangerous for the people of the industrial city. Several deep dug-up trenches are claiming several lives, while several are left badly injured after falling in these deep trenches.Even after various alarming accidents, the Jal Nigam and Municipal Corporation authorities are least bothered about covering or embarking barricades in the circumferences of the dug-up trenches to avoid mishaps.The recent incident where two B Tech students of IIT-Kanpur fell into deep trench in Rawatpur area and are struggling for life, did not moved the KMC and Jal Nigam authorities to do something to stop this JNNURM killer show. The accident spot can still be witnessed without any barricades without any safety reflectors.Similar is the scene at various other dug-up spots including that of Jareeb Chowki, Tilak Nagar, Kidwai Nagar and many more.Due to several recent incidents the city people have stopped commuting during night hours as the situation becomes worse during nights and power-cuts.Few days back, a couple fell into the trench in Jareeb Chowki, and were badly injured. The death of a young girl after coming in contact of a truck is still fresh in memories of Kanpurites. Such incidents are in large numbers, on the other hand the precautions of KMC and Jal Nigam are negligible.However, the authorities are claiming that reflectors are being installed on all the construction site. Also, barricades have been installed. The KMC authorities claimed that the locals themselves destroy these barricades, to reach to their destinations faster during jams.People present at the various accidental sites claimed there was no signboard saying work was in progress. Even the reflectors were not installed, that had contributed to several mishaps.The reckless digging is posing hardships for the residents of the city. \"The digging has polluted my drawing room what to say about lawns. Every other day, some department or other undertakes digging and leaves pits with huge mounds of mud behind. We find it difficult in entering our house,\" said Abhiker Sharma.The continuous traffic snarls because of digging work at different places has added to the woes of the locals.The situation becomes grim during peak hours, when there is heavy flow of traffic. Cases of vehicles falling into pits were also reported. \"Trenches dug up on the entire stretch have been left open, posing threat to the lives of the people. Also, mud has been left on the roads where the work has been completed,\" rued Sarvesh Gupta.Rajeev Shukla , Public Relations Officer (PRO), Kanpur Municipal Corporation said that work was under progress and efforts are being made to finish it as soon as possible. \"The digging is being carried out for laying down of sewage pipelines and one should not forget that it is a necessary exercise,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11863873", "title": "Voter awareness campaign from Feb 14", "text": "KANPUR: In order to increase the percentage of voting this time, the district election machinery has decided to organise Voter Awareness Campaign Week commencing from February 14.The Voter Awareness Week would be observed in the district on the instructions of Election Commission.The industrial city will observe polling on February 23. The election commission wants higher percentage of people voting this time. It is in this regard that the awareness week would be observed till Feb 20.Dr Akhilesh Mishra, ADM Civil Supplies and Voter Awareness Observer who would be spearheading the campaign informed that on February 15, a large rally meant to aware people to cast vote would be taken out from Phoolbagh area. District Magistrate, Hari Om would flag off the rally.Akhilesh Mishra said that on the same day, students of schools and degree colleges, technical institutions would also be taking out a rally to aware people about importance of casting votes. Students will holds banners, placards in their hands during the rally.The senior administrative official also informed that the students of schools and colleges would be asked to motivate their parents to vote on February 23 instead of spending the day as an off-day (vacation).Also, the students studying in degree colleges and higher technical institutions would be made to take oath to use their right to franchise, he further said.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11855414", "title": "CP Joshi trying to control fatalities on NHs", "text": "NEW DELHI: For immediate care of road accident victims, the highways ministry will soon provide 140 advanced life support ambulances to trauma care centres along the national highways (NHs).While addressing an international congress on emergency medical system at AIIMS here on Saturday, highways minister C P Joshi said that the government would come out with the national ambulance code that will ensure their standardization. \"Now, we have all types of vehicles, which are used as ambulances all over the country. Once we have the standards, manufacturers would stick to that guideline,\" said joint secretary (transport) Nitin Gokarn.AIIMS medical superintendent Dr Shakti Kumar Gupta, who is heading a panel on emergency care constituted by the highways ministry, said that there is huge demand of ambulances. \"More and more states are procuring huge number of ambulances. Once we have a code, we will get enough manufacturers for this,\" he added.Joshi said that his ministry is also planning to impart first-aid training to drivers, toll booth operators and volunteers from nearby villages along the NHs and to give first-aid training in spinal and head injury cases.Joshi said that the road accident rate in India has been rising like in most developing countries and majority of the victims are in the 18-45 age group. \"Majority of road traffic deaths in low-income and middle-income countries occur in the pre-hospital phase. But road traffic crashes and injuries are preventable. In high-income countries, an established set of interventions have contributed to significant reductions in the incidence and impact of road traffic injuries,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11858633", "title": "Love lessons from the stars", "text": "If Bollywood's famous faces were to conduct a love tutorial, here's what three of them would say.Deepika Padukone - Don't seek love on the rebound Fresh from having separated from actor Ranbir Kapoor , Deepika Padukone was spotted spending time with heir to the UB Group empire, Siddhartha Mallya. What seemed like plain friendship flowered into something serious as the two discovered each other. Friends thought it was too early for her to seek love again. She still had feelings for Kapoor; the RK tattoo on her nape, a reminder of her past. Now that the relationship with Mallya is reportedly over, it's safe to say never seek love on the rebound.Shahid Kapoor - It's okay to be single on V-day Kareena Kapoor , Anushka Sharma, Vidya Balan and Priyanka Chopra - some of the Hindi film industry's most sought-after actresses have all dated him. In a recent interview, he curiously remarked, \"I think I am single.\" And close friends say, Sasha has never had qualms about making merry alone.Bipasha Basy - When you move on, do it with dignity Those trying to reach Bipasha Basu weeks into her break-up with actor John Abraham were met with a stoic silence. She refused to bare her wounds to the world. In fact, even after finding solace in southern actor Rana Daggubati, Bips refused to discuss what went wrong with her last relationship. Moving on with grace, she found comfort in her BFF Deanne Pandey, who helped with the post-break up rituals - crying, putting aside memorabilia, and finally getting on with life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11854661", "title": "Gujarat University's new budget to benefit colleges, sportspersons", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University (GU) authorities on Saturday passed the annual budget for the year 2012-13 amounting to Rs 69 crore. The syndicate also approved the revised budget of 93 crore for the year 2011-12. Also, the monetary assistance to students representing the varsity in sports tournaments was hiked from Rs 15 lakh in 2011 to Rs 25 lakh in 2012.Officials said the increased budget will enable students representing the GU in games like hockey, basketball, football , tennis, table tennis to travel in air-conditioned compartments in trains. Their daily allowance, which has been hiked from Rs 125 per day to Rs 150 per day, is over and above the lodging boarding arrangements provided to the students.The fund for holding tournaments has also been increased from Rs 2 lakh to Rs 2.5 lakh, the officials added. GU also raised the finances allocated for the upkeep of different playgrounds and tracks of the university. The budget was increased from Rs 15 lakh to Rs 25 lakh.The issue of youth festivals was also addressed in this year's budget. Hosting youth festivals is a major bone of contention between the colleges and the universities, with colleges saying that they are unable to hold such a grand festival within a limited budget of Rs 2.25 lakh provided by the GU and it is also difficult to find sponsors.The budget for hosting youth festivals was hiked by Rs 75,000 in the 2012-13 budget. The host college will now get Rs 3 lakh for hosting the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11855597", "title": "Major projects lined up for city", "text": "LUDHIANA: Chandan Singh, executive director of AernR real estate company, on Wednesday said it has two more projects lined up for the city. Singh said they are investing Rs 800 crore for a commercial development hub on 15 acres of land and on developing a township on 161 acres of land. \"The USP of the township plan is that it will be on the pattern of Beverly Hills, California. Both the projects are coming up on Jalandhar Road on National Highway 1,'' he said.Singh said the township, which will be named Fortune R City, will be around 9km from the Jalandhar bypass and will have 300 plots of a minimum of 500 square yards. It will also have facilities like club, school, healthcare, hotel, office space and markets. Construction of the township's first phase is expected to be complete by 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11854114", "title": "3 weeks after HC OK, tribal siblings await transplant", "text": "MUMBAI: Sonia Vayklip and brother Deepak are a long way from their home in Bilaspur's tribal tracts, waiting for a kidney transplant operation in Mumbai's Lilavati Hospital. Three weeks ago they had got the Bombay High Court's permission to retrieve Sonia's kidney and transplant it into Deepak, but the double surgery has still not taken place.Why has the operation, which the high court had directed on January 18 should be conducted at the earliest to save 29-year-old Deepak's life, been delayed? Sonia, 33, had moved the high court after Lilavati Hospital doctors claimed she was mentally retarded and incapable of deciding on donating her kidney. Now, the medical drama seems to have become curiouser; a complex mixture of medical laws and ethics appears to be at work.\"There are some developments in the case,\" said a source at Lilavati Hospital, adding that the two transplant surgeons who were scheduled to conduct the operation had reportedly changed their minds.Sources said some doctors still feels Sonia is not fit enough to understand the implications of an organ donation. There are also unsubstantiated whispers that Sonia's kidneys have deteriorated due to recurring stones.Dr H L Chulani, who is the medico-legal consultant for Lilavati Hospital, told TOI on Saturday that immediately after the high court order, the hospital had asked its staff to keep an operation theatre ready. \"Nephrologist Dr Bharat Shah, who is the coordinator of this transplant, should be in a better position to answer (questions about the specific date for the operations),\" he said. When TOI contacted Shah, all he is said is that the transplant should be conducted soon.TOI next contacted Sonia and Deepak's advocate R A Shaikh. He said: \"We have come to know that there is some problem among the doctors. Out of the two surgeons (in the transplant team), one has backed out.\" According to the court documents, the medical team comprises nephrologist Dr Bharat V Shah and surgeons Dr Samir Desai and Dr Hemant Pathak.Shaikh said Shah has arranged for alternative surgeon(s), but the hospital's procedures are holding up the transplant. Shaikh said each day is trying for Deepak and his family. \"He is undergoing dialysis which is a costly affair,\" he added.Shaikh claimed there is resentment among the administration as to why Shah went before the court against the hospital committee's decision to reject Sonia as a donor on the grounds of her low IQ. \"There is a discussion on how to implement the order of the court. The patient has not been told anything so far. It is more than three weeks now. The court had directed that the transplant be done without any loss of time,\" said Shaikh.But the buzz in Lilavati Hospital is that Sonia too has problems with her kidneys. She underwent a long treatment in a city hospital for stones in one of her kidneys and even had a stent placed to clear the path. A recent diagnostic test done to check her kidneys revealed worsening function. \"Even six months after the stone's removal, her kidney function hasn't improved. This is an area of concern,\" said the source. It is this kidney that will be given to her brother.In its January 18 order, a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi had rejected the contention that Sonia is \"mentally-retarded\". Earlier, both Lilavati Hospital and the state authorization committee (which had been directed by the High Court to look into the case) had rejected Sonia's application. The HC bench had said: \"After considering the answers given by petitioner No.1 (Sonia) to the questions put by us, and after considering the fact that Petitioner No.1 is a tribal lady who has studied up to 6th standard, it is not possible to consider petitioner No.1 as a mentally retarded person.\"The court had also considered the deposition of Shah (who has been involved in over 500 transplants) that that there is a 100% matching of tissue type of the donor and recipient who are brother and sister. \"With this, the risk of rejection is likely to be negligible and success of transplant very high,\" he had told the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11854339", "title": "Senior citizen found dead in Jogeshwari", "text": "MUMBAI: A senior citizen was found dead at her Jogeshwari (W) residence on Saturday morning.Nothing was reported stolen from her house. The Oshiwara police registered a case of accidental death.The deceased was identified as Tamiba Bhansali, a resident of Behrambaug. As she hadn't left her house in two days and didn't answer the door, her neighbours got worried. They broke the door down and found Bhansali dead.\"Around 9.30am on Saturday, we received a call from the residents of Behrambaug and a team was immediately dispatched. Bhansali's body has been sent to the post-mortem centre. Autopsy reports will give us the exact cause of death,\" a police officer said.Bhansali was a widow and lived alone. The police are now trying to find her family. \"There were no injury marks on her body. We are waiting for the post-mortem report before reaching a conclusion,\" a senior officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11854842", "title": "A new police station for Infopark", "text": "KOCHI: After cyber police, the city's IT hub, Infopark, will see an exclusive law and order police manning a new police station within the park, considering the necessity to guard the park and the nearby areas from criminals and anti-social elements.The state government has sanctioned setting up of a law and order police station along with the already approved cyber crime police station at the park which has 15,000 professionals working in around100 IT and ITES companies.City police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar said the new station would have around 30 police personnel and a new jurisdictional area would be carved out from the police station limits of Thrikkakkara, Kalamassery and Tripunithura. \"The station will have a circle inspector and three sub-inspectors attached to it. As per the sanction order, staff will be redeployed from other stations,\" he said. The station will also have three vehicles for patrolling duty.The commissioner said the profile of the area in and around Infopark changed with young professionals converging here from various parts of the country for work, and residing in apartments nearby.\"It will be an impetus for sprucing up policing activities in the area,\" he added. The officer said the government had also sanctioned a new police station at Maradu which is developing into a major commercial hub. \"We have identified a building for the station with a strength of 30 personnel. It will cater to security of areas including Vyttila and Kundanoor,\" he said. Meanwhile, police have collected details of all cab drivers who drop and pick employees of the various IT companies within Infopark.\"There have been complaints regarding the behaviour of cab drivers. We have collected details of the drivers to check their antecedents,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11856315", "title": "Second innings, new beginnings", "text": "In November 2011, a ceremony in Ahmedabad aimed at helping senior citizens find partners made headlines. What was different-and sensational-about the event, held by the Vina Mulya Amulya Seva, was that it encouraged participants to live with each other before getting married. Similarly, in January, a former banker, Arvind Godbole, made news by organizing a ceremony in Nagpur under the banner Jyeshtha Nagrik Liv-In Relationship Mandal, in which singles over 55 could meet one another.In a country where live-in relationships and even late marriages are social anathema, events such as these are unusual to say the least. Yet, several offbeat initiatives are now emerging for those generally considered ineligible, like senior citizens and people with disabilities-and some of these are not about matrimony alone.Kumar Deshpande, a printing press owner from Mumbai, has been organizing introduction ceremonies for senior citizens for two years. When his mother-in-law died, his search for a wife for his father-in-law made Deshpande realize that there were multitudes of senior citizens in need of companionship. \"The last meeting I organized, in Vasai in October 2011, was attended by 900 people,\" he says. A programme typically begins with couples, who met at similar events, talking about the experience of late marriage. During a long lunch break, participants are invited to engage with one another. \"They exchange contact details,\" says Deshpande. \"After lunch some people say, 'I want to live with this person for some days to see what he is like'.\"The idea of companionship is not limited to marriage. Many participants here would rather live together to avoid the legal implications of marriage. \"For example, some women don't want to get married, as they don't want to stop getting the pension of the late husband,\" says the activist, who has a lawyer at meetings to answer legal questions (the most common are about inheritance). On the other hand, he says, some just want regular company for movies, to go shopping or on holiday. Participants can 'adopt' daughters and acquire 'sisters'. \"We want to spread the concept that any relationship is available,\" Deshpande says. He adds that so far, his efforts have yielded 48 marriages and 200 'companionships'.Disabled people too now have more matrimonial initiatives to help them find a partner. Two years ago, a regular matrimonial website, iMilap, opened admission to handicapped persons. \"We realized that there was no website catering to them and felt that we had to do something about it,\" says Navita Batra, co-founder of the site, which is based in Redmond in the US. \"We get a good response and we believe we get more handicapped sign-ups than any other site,\" she adds, though she is unwilling to disclose figures. However, few physically challenged people have posted profiles on the website- most are either deaf or mute.The business head of a popular matrimonial website says though they do not have a separate classification for disabled persons, the differently abled population is applying more to such sites on account of \"an increased inner confidence, family support and an increased broad-mindedness amongst Indians at large\". \"This segment has a 45% growth rate, which is in excess of our 30% member growth rate for the overall site,\" he says. The site also sponsors Pranay Sammelan, an annual meeting of deaf and mute persons organized by the Delhi-based NGO, Delhi Foundation of Deaf Women. Snigdha Sharma, DFDW's Chief Executive says meetings began in 1991, but the number of applicants has increased dramatically recently.Those involved in matrimonial initiatives such as these believe that the increased interest in them reflects a more liberal outlook in society. But senior citizens continue to face disapproval from friends and family. Bhalchandra Atmaram Nikarge, a 65-year-old builder in Kolhapur, met his second wife, Suhana, at one of Deshpande's events and remarried in 2010. His first wife died three years ago. Nikarge's children are yet to accept his relationship, even though he has willed them his property. \"Loneliness is very difficult,\" says a despondent Nikarge, wishing that society would soften its \"critical\" stance.To counter the social stigma attached to late marriage, Deshpande says that he and a group of ten families organize seminars that raise awareness about the need for companionship among the elderly. \"Loneliness is not advisable,\" he says. \"At this age, all we want is peace and love from our children.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11856044", "title": "Valentine's Day: Parties use liquor to lure voters", "text": "It's no secret that by evening, election candidates become Santa Claus. But the gifts can be intoxicating too. A few days before voting day, alcohol sales in slum pockets, like Wadala, Sewri, Dharavi, Bandra (East) and Mulund, have increased. Members of the Maharashtra Wine Merchants Association said political parties are widely buying low-cost alcohol in those areas.Political party agents in slum pockets of Wadala, Sewri, Worli and Dharavi freely distribute alcohol after sunset. Crates of beer and cheap alcohol, like Royal Crest, are the picks of political parties to keep slum voters happy. \"Upper-middle-class areas are unlikely to see an increase in alcohol sales. People are aware of such tactics and are unlikely to be lured. But the same cannot be said about slum pockets. But interestingly, they may take alcohol from all parties, but will eventually vote for a party of their choice,\" said Randip Singh Munjral, vice president of Maharashtra Wine Merchants Association. A quarter of Royal Crest costs Rs 38, which certainly suits the budget of any political party.Beer, too, can be a choice, especially when accompanied with food like biryani. \"Of course, no party says that they are buying due to the elections. Most would say that they have some other party, but it isn't difficult to spot the party workers and their orders. Caterers serving Indian food like biryani and dal ghosht have a field day during elections,\" said a wine shop owner near Mulund Check Naka.\"For any small get-together in the evening, we need alcohol. These days, voters demand that they be given something in exchange for votes. Forget about allegiance to a certain party, it is difficult to get people out of their house on voting day if they do not have any incentive,\" said a Congress worker from Kurla. This statement isn't surprising. \"Jo mujhe ek khamba dega, main ussi ko vote karunga. (I will vote for whoever provides me with a bottle of alcohol),\" said a man in Byculla.Meanwhile, with three consecutive dry days (February 15 to 17), liquour revenues for this month are likely to drop by 15%. \"This is a leap year. Three dry days are certainly going to affect revenues. No matter how much we sell before the dry days, it is unlikely to compensate for the loss,\" said Arvind Miskin, president of the Maharashtra Wine Merchants Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11854484", "title": "Cops: Netas spreading rumours about thieves", "text": "MUMBAI: Tracking down hoax callers for spreading rumours about the \"chaddi banian gang\" has kept police personnel in the Ghatkopar- Mulund belt on their toes over the past week.Investigators have found out that the calls are made by political party workers who spread rumours to take advantage of the \"fear factor\" to canvass for their parties in the locality. \"These miscreants circulate MMS clips that show thieves being thrashed. They make by locals believe that the 'thieves' have been apprehended in the city. However, after examining these clips we have found that the incident had occurred somewhere in rural Maharashtra,\" said Jivajirao Jadhav, senior inspector of Mulund police station.The police control room received 87 hoax calls during the last seven days. \"We find that the miscreants switch off their cellphone after making calls to the control room,\" said Ravindra Javkar, senior inspector of Vikhroli police station.\"Prompt action taken against the accused for spreading rumours has brought the situation under control,\" he added.\"We have asked locals not to unnecessarily venture out at night. If people are found loitering around in groups at night, then they will be put behind bars and stern action will be taken.\" said Suresh Nirmal, senior inspector of Pant Nagar police station.\"After we took action against groups that assembled at night, the menace seems to have reduced,\" a senior police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mahbubnagar", "code": "11856488", "title": "Cong, TDP clash at review panel meeting", "text": "MAHBUBNAGAR: Congress members led by district minister D K Aruna and TDP activists led by opposition MLA Revanth Reddy clashed over developmental activities at the district review committee meeting here on Saturday.Kodangal MLA Revanth Reddy charged that the ruling party was not undertaking any developmental activities in the district, which was vehemently denied by the minister . Stating that elders and physically challenged people were not getting their pensions, the TDP MLA said this was due to the smart cards, which were being misused by agents.In response, Aruna assured the members that the issue was being investigated and that arrangements would be made for the speedy disbursal of pension amount. After the meeting, supporters of Aruna and Revanth Reddy burnt the effigies of their opponents on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11854335", "title": "Fellowship programmes to start shortly at Trichy IIM", "text": "Trichy: After a great start in the first academic year (2011-13) by getting all but one of its 84 students internships in various domains, the Indian Institute of Management (IIM), Tiruchirappalli, is now adding one more feather to its cap: Offering 10 Fellow Programmes in Management (FPM is equivalent to a PhD in a university) that carries a stipend of Rs 30,000 pm throughout the course, that is expected to run into a maximum of five years.Of the 13 IIMs in the country, six (Ranchi, Rohtak, Raipur, Udaipur, Kashipur and Trichy) were launched in the last couple of years, and Trichy and Ranchi are the only two to offer this FPM. Nevertheless, Trichy is still special because it is the only IIM among the later entrants to have all full-time faculties, as many as 12 of them, while two more will be joining shortly. A French faculty member, Mouloud Madoun, who teaches Human Resources, is one among them, and as many as seven experts are on the visiting faculty list. \"This academic strength enables us to cater to the specific, individual needs of research scholars round-the-clock,\" IIM Director Prafulla Agnihotri told TOI on Friday.Talking about FPM, Agnihotri said the aspiring candidates would have to prove their innovative skills to the selection committee of the IIM in addition to going through a rigorous preliminary selection process that factors in the CAT score, profile score, WAT (Written Aptitude Test) and PI (Personal Interview). Depending upon the selection of the individual discipline, the selection panel would also include experts from outside the faculty, Agnihotri said. But, for deserving candidates with a creative bent of mind, it would come as a great opportunity. The criteria that would govern the selection process would be the usefulness of the programme to the industry and society at large, result-orientation, clarity of ideas, level of knowledge and sustained passion in a given field. The short-listed candidates would be finally required to make a presentation of their ideas and to teach students later, once selected, said Agnihotri.The Trichy IIM campus will be bubbling with added enthusiasm once the next batch of some 80-plus students join it in the current programme this May. The first of the three phases of infrastructure development will be ready by June 2014. and a sum of Rs 300 crore will be spent on the construction of an academic block, hostel for 500 students and quarters for faculty and staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11859300", "title": "Navneet Nishan to enter Hitler Didi", "text": "You loved her as the modern, urban woman of the 90's ' Tara' and now she is back as the mother of the hero in a private channel's popular primetime drama , Hitler Didi. Actress Navneet Nishan will soon enter the show as a hilarious, upmarket N orth-Indian lady, mother to the male lead Rishi (played by actor Sumit Vats ).Making a rather dramatic entry in a chaotic accident scene, Navneet's character will be seen at loggerheads with her to-be daughter-in-law Indira (played by Rati Pandey ) right from the outset.Indira who is a mere bystander at the scene where Navneet's character rams her car into a two-wheeler, will involve herself in the heated quarrel following the accident. Though she has no apparent connection with the bike-rider, righteous and feisty Indira will get involved and vehemently side with him, pointing out that it was entirely Navneet's fault. Much to her exasperation, Indira will drag her future ma-in-law to a closeby hospital to ensure that she doesn't just wash her hands off the incident and rightfully pays for the hurt bike-rider's medical bills. Will this fiery squabble spark off an atmosphere of hostility for Indira even before she steps into her sasuraal? Only time will tell!Speaking of her new assignment, Navneet Nishan said, \"I started my career as Tara and even today people recognize me as her. I am excited at the prospect of playing a fun, loud, upmarket Punjabi lady who is bound to tickle the audience's funny bone. Let's hope the audience enjoys my performance just as much as I enjoy playing the part!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11855563", "title": "Students run for health, have fun", "text": "LUDHIANA: In a healthy initiative, PCTE Group of Institutes organized \"Run For Fitness\" on Saturday to keep at bay ailments like heart diseases, high blood pressure , drugs intake, which are threatening even the young in this fast-paced life.Hundreds of students participated in the road race.Student Gurpreet Singh, a resident of Civil Lines said, \"It was a regular event, which helped us realize the benefits of maintaining good health and good lifestyle.\"Student Sukhleen Kaur of Sarabha Nagar says, \"Good health is a must to perform well. 'Run for Fitness' was a first step towards this direction.\"The race took off from campus-II and concluded at campus-I. In all, 481 boys, 243 girls and 15 faculty and staff members participated in the event. In boy's category, BCA 3C won the first position, MBA 2C bagged the second, and BCA 3A finished third.Individually, Ravneet Singh of hotel management, Ramandeep Singh from BCA 2D, and Raman Singh of BCA 3C bagged the top three positions.In girl's category, BCA 3C won the first position, BBA 1C bagged second and B Pharma a??II finished third. Individually, Nelcy of MBA 2, Tsherin of BBA1D and Simran Kaur of MBA 1 C bagged the respective positions.Faculty member, Munish Kumar from airlines department, finished first while among women , Rupali from IT department took the lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11856573", "title": "Naidu promises free education, stipends", "text": "HYDERABAD: If voted to power in the 2014 Assembly elections , TDP president N Chandrababu Naidu promised free education from KG to PG for all children.Speaking at 'Yuva Tarangalu' programme aimed at wooing the youth into the party at Kompally here on Saturday, Naidu also promised a stipend of Rs 1,000 per month to all unemployed youth in the state if they vote for him.Stating that people have to save the state from the hands of liquor syndicates, land grabbers and corrupt leaders, Naidu said only the TDP that can give a clean and efficient government. \"This was proved beyond any doubt during my term.Now it is high time we are brought back to power. Otherwise the overall condition of the state will continue to worsen,\" said Naidu . He asked youth to join the party in large numbers so that leaders like YS Jaganmohan Reddy, Kiran Kumar Reddy and Botsa Satyanarayana can be taught a lesson.\"If Jagan comes to power , he will sell the state and acquire one lakh crore rupees more. Youth must be alert and ensure that people like Jagan do not come to power,\" said Naidu.The TDP chief also promised self employment to all rural unemployed and setting up of development zones in every district. Taking a dig at TRS chief KCR, Naidu said\"The cancellation of the Polavaram tender has upset him a lot. That is why he is making nasty comments against me. If my brothers in the TDP retaliate, the TRS would be wiped out,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11854897", "title": "The long road to justice", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If there is one woman who has given hope of justice to all post-Godhra riot victims, it is Bilkis Bano Patel. Ten years after she was raped and left by rioters assuming she was dead, she is one of the very few victims who have got justice after a long and painful battle. Zahira Sheikh tried to turn the Best bakery case on its head by saying she saw nothing, but Bilkis refused to give up till the end.Justice, she may have got, but the victory has many shades of grey. Sitting in her home in Vadodara, surrounded by her husband and children, she feels the punishment should have been harsher for those raped her and tried to kill her. \"If eleven people can be get the death penalty for burning the S-6 coach of the Sabarmati Express in Godhra, at leas three of four people accused in my case could have been hanged as well,\" she says.In all, 12 people were convicted in the Bilkis Bano case in 2008. Of these 11 got life terms, one constable got a three-year jail term. A police inspector and two doctors were acquitted. Bilkis was barely 19 when her world collapsed in front of her own eyes in 2002. Today, she says her long battle for justice would not have been possible if her husband and inlaws had not supported her. She shifted with her husband and four children to Vadodara from Randhikpur a couple of years ago.Her husband Yaqub says that there was pressure from all around. People even tried to bribe him to force Bilkis into changing her testimony. \"We could have become rich with the bribes, but you lose dignity in the process,\" he says. \"We have the case of Zahira before us. Besides our system, she is also equally responsible for shielding the accused in the case.\"Bilkis and her family had tried to escape rampaging mobs by fleeing their home in Randhikpur in the tribal district of Dahod on March 3, 2002. But they were surrounded by 30 people near Pannivella village.Bilkis saw 14 of her family members being murdered, including her twoyear-old daughter Sahela. Three in the mob - Naresh Kumar, Jaswant Nai and Govind Nai - raped her and left her unconscious, assuming she was dead. She gained consciousness a couple of hours later, managed to reach Limkheda police station and survived. As it happened in many cases then, the police did not record what she said.Despite her identifying 12 people involved in the massacre, the cops accused only a faceless mob in the FIR. The court closed the case stating there was no evidence on March 25, 2003. Undeterred, Bilkis approached the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), and with its intervention, the Supreme Court directed CBI to probe the case. The trial took place in Mumbai, and nine people were punished including the constables who tried to subvert the investigation.Social activist Gagan Sethi who extended legal support to Bilkis's family, believes the victim's security and privacy is most important in the criminal justice system. Though Bilkis was given Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) protection by the Centre, mere physical security was not enough, he feels. \"We had to take extra care for her protection. Even today, the family is fighting the trauma. We went to Mumbai on 65 occasions, but nobody still knows where Bilkis stays,\" Sethi says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11854658", "title": "UP impresses with another high turnout", "text": "LUCKNOW: In east UP's badlands, known for mafia dons and low voting percentages, people again sprung a surprise, with 59% of the electorate casting their vote on Saturday, keeping up the tempo of the first phase which saw a record 62% polling.Such high voting in the region - a stronghold of the ruling BSP -- is likely to upset old equations and has left parties jittery and trying to read the implications of the long queues in this communally sensitive zone. Polling took place in 59 constituencies across nine districts.With polling still continuing at some booths till 7 pm, tentative polling figures of 59%, UP's Chief Electoral Officer Umesh Sinha said, could rise marginally.Polling started at a brisk pace - over 7% had cast their vote by 9 am --and the trend continued till the end. In the same region, only 43.41% had voted in 2007. So, 59% polling on Saturday means about a 36% increase in the poll percentage in this phase, which is, in fact, higher than the jump in the first phase which saw 62% polling compared with 46% in 2007, an increase of 33%.The nine districts of Purvanchal (east UP) which went to polls in the second phase are Sant Kabir Nagar, Maharajganj, Gorakhpur, Kushinagar, Deoria, Azamgarh, Mau, Ballia and Ghazipur. Caste and communal factors played a major role in the elections in this region.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "11855487", "title": "Two arrested for illegal storage of drugs", "text": "SIRSA: Haryana Police has arrested two persons in connection with the illegal storage of drugs from Mandi Dabwali, Sirsa on the complaint of state health officers.An official spokesman said that cases had been registered against the arrested persons at the Dabwali City Police Station. He said those who had been arrested were Rajesh Kumar and Sajjan Kumar, both residents of Mandi Dabwali.He said that police had recovered 180 bottles of Corex, 303 bottles of Recodex. 320 bottle of Rax Cough, 254 bottles of Pano Cough, 5000 bottles of Codrex, 34704 tablets and 1280 capsules from Rajesh Kumar. Similarly, 69 bottles of Rax Cough, 34 bottle of Recodex, 10,000 Fentanyl tablets, 3.70 lakh prozoline tablets, 75,000 Romotil tablets and 14336 capsules had been recovered from Sajjan Kumar.The officials of food and drug administration (FDA), estimates the cost of sealed drugs including banned oxytocin injections and cough syrups used for a kick by the youths between Rs 20 lakh to 25 lakh.Talking to The Times of India, senior drugs control officer of Hisar zone, Manmohan Taneja said, \"We have recovered nearly two truckloads of drugs and lodged a complaint under the NDPS Act.\"Five teams comprising officers of the food and drug administration came directly to Dabwali Mandi in the morning and started raids even without informing even local drug inspector. \"With in January to till now we have sealed 32 shops of drug sellers in Haryana. We have also wiped out 27 Hukka bars which were running in the different parts of Haryana,\" Taneja added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11855083", "title": "24 more varsities likely in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar government's move to establish more universities is likely to boost gross enrolment ratio in this educationally backward state. If the government move succeeds, the state is likely to have two dozen universities in near future.The need for having smaller universities for their better management is being felt since long by the policymakers and planners. Past experience has shown that large universities have not been able to cope with the educational requirements of changing times, particularly after the economic liberalization and globalization. Until two decades back, the state had only six universities. At present, there are 12, including Maulana Mazharul Haq Arabic and Persian University, Rajendra Agricultural University and K S D Sanskrit University.According to higher education director Sitaram Singh, since the existing universities are overburdened with the task of administering 50 to 60 colleges besides postgraduate departments, the colleges have failed to improve. The jurisdiction of Magadh University, having more than 100 colleges under it, extends from Mokama to Aurangabad, covering a distance of about 250km. It would be ideal if the university is split into at least three universities for ensuring better governance and academic development.The government is likely to take up the expansion plan of the universities in phases. First, Magadh University would be split into two or three universities. All the MU colleges located in Patna may be brought under a new university. Subsequently, steps would be initiated to carve smaller universities out of B R A Bihar University-Muzaffarpur, L N Mithila University-Darbhanga and T M Bhagalpur University-Bhagalpur.The government is also contemplating development of some colleges as \"autonomous colleges\" with a view to facilitating their academic growth. Singh, however, regretted that this move was often opposed by the teaching community without any valid reason. Several autonomous colleges in the south have been doing quite well, he said.The government has already decided to develop 50 select colleges into \"centres of excellence\" by granting them substantial funds for infrastructure development. \"Block grants would be given to the colleges for improving their infrastructure and steps would be taken to recruit sufficient number of qualified teachers for different courses,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11855022", "title": "Centre\u2019s decision may hit state\u2019s revenue", "text": "KOCHI: The centre's decision to permit private domestic airlines to import Aviation Turbine Fuel (ATF) may have an adverse impact on Kerala's revenue streams.The state levies about 29% as sales tax on ATF while the customs duty is only around 5%. If the airlines choose to import fuel directly, the state may stand to lose significantly.The three major oil marketing companies - IOCL, HPCL and BPCL - had contributed about Rs 58 crore to the state's exchequer as sales tax on ATF last year. Senior tax officials told TOI that it might shoot up to nearly Rs 69 crore in the current fiscal.Ajith Kumar, secretary in the state's department of taxes, said the government was yet to get the details of the centre's decision on ATF import, and would evaluate strategies after evaluating its possible impact.According to the Cochin International Airport Limited(CIAL), HPCL had sold 1,47,07,715 litres of ATF from Cochin airport while IOCL had dispensed 9,58,88,921 litres and BPCL 4,93,39,474 litres in 2010-11. Nearly 64% of the ATF sold at Cochin airport was being consumed by private airlines and their share in the state's ATF tax collection could also be around that figure, ACK Nair, CIAL director, said.But the good news for the state is that oil market companies are known to be against sharing their distribution and storage infrastructure with private airlines. The propositions of direct ATF import might become less attractive to the airlines, if they were to set up own infrastructure, an aviation expert said.When asked about the strategy of Bharat Petroleum Kochi Refinery in case the airlines decide to stop buying ATF, E Nandakumar, its executive director, said: \"Like other refineries, it may be difficult for us technically to reduce production of ATF alone, and we may consider exporting it to other countries.''According to him it might not be immediately viable for private airlines to directly import ATF, if they were to set up the necessary infrastructure on their own.\"Also, that infrastructure may become redundant if the oil marketing companies reduce price,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11855345", "title": "When will politicians leave poll-eve appeasement and focus on development", "text": "A great debate is raging among senior members of Congress party over whether or not Sonia Gandhi shed tears after seeing the pictures of Batla House encounter. Law minister Salman Khurshid said she did. Congress leader Digvijay Singh said she did not. Khurshid toned down his statement to say she became emotional. Another said she only promised legal action.Whatever be the truth, the three and half-year-old encounter in Jamia Nagar area in Delhi continues to be remembered by politicians as another election juggernaut rolls. The encounter happened in a busy Muslim locality on September 19, 2008. Two suspected terrorists allegedly belonging to Indian Mujahideen were killed, two more arrested an another escaped. Leader of the Delhi police team, inspector Mohan Chand Sharma, died of bullet injury received during the operation.The encounter was termed fake by Digvijay Singh, who kept on reiterating it despite the National Human Rights Commission absolving the Delhi Police. Singh still rants about the fake encounter despite Home Minister P Chidambaram maintaining that it was a genuine one.On January 12, Chidambaram said: \"After looking into the matter, after I took over as home minister, we came to the conclusion that the encounter was a genuine encounter....every authority who has looked into it has agreed that it was a genuine encounter. So, while there is a difference of opinion, I think the matter rests where it stands today. I do not thing there is any scope for reopening the matter.\"The encounter happened just six days after Delhi was rocked by serial blasts on September 13, 2008. The blasts killed 30 and injured over 100. Did the pictures of the innocent victims brought tears or emotions in any politician? Do they even remember that there were families who were orphaned and parents who lost their children?Elections are traditionally a game of wooing voters through emotions and promises. Over the years, the Muslims have been bombarded with such emotional promises because of the politicians believe that they vote en bloc. Probably, that is the reason for the politicians to remember just before the polls about how the party president shed tears, became emotional or promised legal action on seeing the pictures of those killed in Batla encounter.The families of the innocent who lost their lives in bomb blasts will not form part of any conglomerate group good enough to tilt the scales in the elections.In R C Poudyal Vs Union of India [1994 (1) (Suppl) SCC 324], the Supreme Court had poignantly pointed out that mixing religion with politics or state administration has devastating effect on the fabric of the nation. It said though the Constitution had allowed reservation to the legislature for Scheduled Castes and Tribes because of their historical backwardness, it had never permitted reservation on religious lines.The court had said: \"It is true that some special rights have been envisaged in the Constitution for handicapped classes but this has been done only to off-set the disadvantage the classes suffer from, and not for bringing another kind of imbalance by making virtue out of minority status. The Constitution, therefore, has taken precaution to place rigid limitations on the extent to which this weightage can be granted, by including express provisions instead of leaving the matter to be dealt with by subsequent enactments limitations both by putting a ceiling on the reservation of seats in the legislatures and excluding religion as the basis of discrimination.\"To ignore these limitations is to encourage small groups and classes which are in good number in our country on one basis or the other to stick to and rely on their special status as members of separate groups and classes and not to join the mainstream of the nation and be identified as Indians,\" it had said.The time has come for the politicians to discuss how much have they done to bring the minorities and backward classes to uplift them educationally and economically and not worry, nor shed tears, over their plight which had remained unchanged or marginally altered in the last few decades.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11855614", "title": "Vedike cries foul over \u2018saffronisation\u2019 of textbooks", "text": "MANGALORE: Karnataka Komu Souhardha Vedike is gearing up to fight legally and socially what it describes an apparent move by the BJP government to 'saffronise' social sciences textbooks of class V and VIII from next academic year. The textbooks, according to the vedike, will go for printing in the next three days. The government is spending about Rs 14 crore on printing of the new textbooks.\"While the BJP government has exhibited its overt communal agenda in ways more than one since its came to power in Karnataka, the saffonization of textbooks is their way of covert communalization. The draft of the textbooks, copies of which available with the vedike, is a clear example of BJP's way of spreading Sangh Parivar ideology,\" KL Ashok, general secretary of the vedike said while speaking to reporters here on Saturday. He also read out excerpts from the draft copies in the press meet.Referring to topics on Dasa and Vachana Sahitya mentioned in the textbooks, Ashok said there was no mention of Purandara Dasa, regarded as father of Dasa Sahitya, or Basavanna with regard to Vachana Sahitya. \"Akka Mahadevi's birth place Uduthadi has been mentioned as a place in Thirthahalli taluk in Shimoga district, whereas it is in Shikaripura taluk of the same district. Such factual and historical gaffes are too many to count,\" he added.On the Baba Budangiri issue in Chikmagalur on which the vedike has had a long standing battle with the state government, Ashok said, \"The draft text says the hill is home to 'Datta Peeta' in clear violation of Supreme Court's judgement which in late 1990s had ordered a status quo on the issue. We are planning to take up the issue legally and preparations are afoot to translate the text into English for the benefit of the court,\" Ashok said.In addition, the vedike with help from historians and writers is also contemplating to stage dharnas in front of the house of Vishveswar Hegde Kageri, minister for primary and secondary education in Bangalore shortly. \"Litterateurs including U R Ananthamurthy, and Chandrashekar Kambhar have expressed their support. The state government must withdraw these textbooks or face protests from the vedike,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11855363", "title": "'Shakti' celebrates women empowerment", "text": "BHOPAL: Celebrating women's empowerment, an exhibition, 'Shakti' began at an art gallery here. About two dozen paintings and prints by four women depicting challenges in the society have been on display.The diverse styles of the artists deal with a variety of themes and narratives, ranging from the nearly sculptural to the purely abstract. Creating a feeling of happiness, Monika Bijlani described her work as, \"The (digital prints) keep questioning us with playfulness, about our being and entity.\"Besides the soothing melancholy, lies Archana Yadav's untitled works. \"Even though they are untitled , every painting has a different story. Let your eyes move towards darkness and back, and enjoy,\" said Yadav.Every object has a story to tell and artist Sangeeta Pathak's work is not different. Veena Jain, another artiste uses colours subjectively.\"Over the years I think women painters seem to be doing the most interesting. They would paint the world quite differently, if they replaced men,\" said a visitor Mukesh Singh and we agree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11856260", "title": "Bollywood \u2018dhamaka\u2019 to mark finale of festival", "text": "MUMBAI: Music has always been an integral part of The Times of India Kala Ghoda Arts Festival and like every year, various genres of music-rock, sufi, folk and Pakistani-were presented to the audience this time around as well. The last day of the festival will be see a Hindustani classical concert, followed by a 'dhamakedaar' Bollywood-style performance by singercomposer duo Vishal Dadlani and Shekhar Ravjiani.\"The audience should expect a lot of energy and entertainment from us tomorrow. It'll be exciting to perform on stage in front of a live audience,\" says Vishal who, along with Shekhar, has scored for hit movies like Dostana, Om Shanti Om, Tashan and Ra.one to name only a few. The composer duo rose to fame with the song Tu aashiqui hai from Jhankaar Beats (2003). It even won them the Filmfare-R D Burman Award for Upcoming Music Talent that year.While Vishal has performed at The Times of India Kala Ghoda Arts Festival before with his band, Pentagram, this will be the first time for Shekhar. \"We are both excited and our gig will be bigger and grander than ever,\" says Vishal.Vishal-Shekhar will perform live at the Asiatic Steps on Sunday at 8:30 pm. Hindustani classical vocalist Jayateerth Mevundi will be perform at the same venue at 6:30 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11855327", "title": "Tribals explore commercial viability of beekeeping", "text": "PUNE: The tribal communities of the Bhamragarh forest division in Gadchiroli district have set an example by exploring the potential of beekeeping commercially. The collection of honey is carried out in an eco-friendly manner on sustainable basis by the local youth. The honey is then processed and packaged and the product registered under AGMARK is marketed in several districts of Maharashtra.Decline of honey bees has become a global phenomenon. It is a cause for concern as honey bees are the main pollinators of food crops. In Etapalli tehsil, with the help of the forest department, local youths underwent training and now they do not fell trees for harvesting or kill the bees or larvae. So far, out of 16,885 kg of honey collected, 10,630 kg of it has been sold. The villagers have placed honey bee boxes in their agricultural field to increase crop productivity.Etapalli tehsil is gifted with nature's bounty and inspection by the forest department revealed vast potential for naturally available honey. But it showed that local tribes who collected honey for selling in the market were exploited. The harvesting of honey was destructive and involved felling of trees. The trees were felled down to extract small amount of honey from beehives located inside the tree trunk.Following this, the department established the Jivangatta forest protection committee for the development of village through conservation of forest. Under this committee, a project for honey collection and a processing centre was established. The funds were received from centrally sponsored forest development agency scheme.Nitin Kakodkar, chief conservator of forest (territorial), Pune, said around 300 tribal youths have been trained in honey collection by the Centre of Science for Villagers, Dattapur in Wardha. They are given free kit and gear for safe collection of honey. The tribals are paid Rs 80 per kg of honey collected. Earlier to this project, the tribals would get around Rs 40 per kg of honey.The naturally collected honey is filtered in a specially designed machine at the processing centre and packaged in food grade glass bottles. The honey is branded as Bhamragarh Nectar.Chandrasekhar Sontakke from the Centre of Science for Villagers, who trains the youths on bee collection and beekeeping, told TOI: \"We train the collectors to spray water on the beehive which does not kill the bees. It just takes five minutes to extract the honey while the bees are wet. Prior to the training, the collectors would crudely break into beehives and use smoke to suppress the bees. The process would kill bees, eggs and larvae. In case of beehives located inside the trunk of trees, ladders are used to extract the honey.''\"Hundred beehive boxes are placed in the agricultural field for better yield. Bees are the most efficient and reliable pollinators in increasing crop productivity. A single hive may yield 4-5 kg of honey. The honey extraction starts in the month of February to May and again from the end of August to December,\" he said.Currently, the product is being exhibited and sold at the exhibition and expo at the three-day conference on biodiversity organised by the Abasaheb Garware College, that concludes on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11863959", "title": "Service voters to vote between Feb 15 and 19", "text": "KANPUR: The service voters would cast their votes between February 15 and 19. This decision was taken by the Election Commission to ensure that the service voters also get a chance to vote. On the polling date, they would remain busy in performing their duties at different polling booths.There are some 2,000 men of paramilitary forces and 14,000 service voters. They would be stationed at different booths on February 23.On the instructions of the Election Commission, the ballot papers of these service voters have been printed. The police and security personnel would cast votes on the ballot papers meant for them at Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology between February 15 and 19.Earlier, the dates fixed for service voters were between February 17 and 20.Deputy district election officer SK Singh said that preparations for service voters to vote is nearing completion.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11855307", "title": "Moving SC may not work for Vilasrao", "text": "What's the road ahead for former chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh in the wake of the critical observations made by the HC on his role in the land deal involving Subhash Ghai's Mukta Arts ? Deshmukh has no option but to knock on the doors of the SC to get the remarks expunged.A month ago, disposing of a special leave petition filed by former chief minister and senior Shiv Sena leader Manohar Joshi, the apex court had refused to expunge stringent observations of the HC against him.The main charge against Joshi was that he was instrumental in changing the reservation of a prime piece of land in Pune in favour of his son-in-law. The court had also asked him to pay cost to petitioner Vijay Kumbhar, an RTI activist. Joshi's prayer before the SC was that critical remarks against him should be expunged, but that did not happen. Earlier, too, the SC had declined to interfere in an order passed by the HC against him in a case filed by a Buldhana-based BJP activist. It was alleged that following Deshmukh's instructions, no action was taken against a local moneylender. Deshmukh had approached the SC after the HC passed strictures against him, but there was no relief for him.Former CM Ashok Chavan had to step down following his alleged involvement in the multi-crore Adarsh land scam. Then, it was found that he ensured that membership of the society was granted to his close relatives. While a judicial commission is probing the Adarsh case, the CBI, too, has registered a criminal case under the Indian Penal Code and the Prevention of Corruption Act against politicians, bureaucrats and military officials.As CM and revenue minister, Narayan Rane had passed orders pertaining to dereservation of land. Some were challenged before court and the orders passed by Rane were set aside. But in all the cases, Rane chose to accept the HC verdict.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11854994", "title": "Playback singer Markose arrested, released in Saudi", "text": "KOCHI: Playback singer K G Markose, who was on a visit to Saudi Arabia to attend a music programme, was arrested and sent to Khatif jail on Friday. He was later released.According to sources, the arrest was made as the singer had not taken permission to participate in the programme.Unconfirmed reports also say that feud between Malayali organizations resulted in a rival group passing on wronginformation to the police against the organization which was hosting the music programme as part of the Republic Day celebrations in Damam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "gorakhpur", "code": "11856653", "title": "Gorakhpur witnesses a voting high", "text": "GORAKHPUR: The de facto capital of Poorvanchal followed the trend of high voting percentage in the first phase, registering a 58% turnout on Saturday. In 2007, the district had registered an abysmal 41%. Among other districts which went to the poll on Saturday, Sant Kabir Nagar registered 56%, Maharajganj 60%, Kushinagar 63%, Gorakhpur 58%, Deoria 54%, Mau 59%, Azamgarh 60%, Ballia 54% and Ghazipur 58% In the urban area, the voting was slow in early hours but picked up later.In villagers, however, there were rows of people waiting to vote for hours. Complaints of names missing from voters' list galore. At Pipiganj pre-secondary school in Campierganj assembly constituency, several voters complained of their names missing from the list.In Campierganj, enthusiasm among voters of all age was very high. So much so that a woman Kamla Devi of ward number 10 who had fractured leg, was picked up in the lap by her sons to cross railway line between two platforms at Pipiganj to the pre-secondary school which was 200 meters away from the station. Not only this, makeshift stairs were dangerously put up for the convenience of voters to climb the platform and come down.Here, former chief minister Veer Bahadur Singh's son Fateh Bahadur is locked in a decisive battle of his political career after being dumped by mayawati. He is contesting on NCP's ticket and facing Vijay Bahadur of BJP and Chinta Yadav of Samajwadi Party.In Chillupar, with mafia-turnedpolitician Harishanker Tiwari jumping into fray, the contest has become triangular with Rajesh Tripathi of BSP and CP Chand of Samajwadi Party also in fray. No untoward incident or bullying was reported from either the supporters or candidate anywhere in the assembly constituency. ----------------Maurya has a scuffle with poll securitymenLUCKNOW: State Bahuajn Samaj Party president Swami Prasad Maurya had a faceoff with a security personnel in Padrauna when the latter tried to stop him and his aides from barging into a polling booth during the second phase polling on Saturday.At around 10:15am, Maurya, who is also contesting from Padrauna, reached Tuslipur inter college polling centre and barged into a polling booth with his aides in tow. The security in charge of the polling station, who spotted them entering the booth, told them to come out of the polling booth.An agitated Maurya walked out of the room and questioned the security in charge's authority to stop him from entering the booth as he was a candidate.The security in charge replied that even the he was a candidate he was not permitted to enter the booth with his supporters in tow. A furious Maurya then told the security personnel to shut-up. One of the supporters of the BSP leader also chipped in saying: \"If you are carrying a machine gun it does not mean that you can do whatever you want to.\"Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11856002", "title": "\u2018You have to be eligible\u2019", "text": "Yuvraj Singh is a contracted player with the BCCI and is covered by insurance. He doesn't really need financial aid. Why does the government want to help him then? He is a top player. Everyone wants to help him. We are looking into the matter.There are a number of other sportspersons who need aid and don't get it from the National Welfare Fund.Why? Under the fund rules, the sportsperson has to meet certain criteria - someone who has achieved a position within first three in individual events or within first two in team events in a recognized national championship, or one who represents or has represented the country in a recognized international competition at least twice, and their family income is less than Rs 2 lakh annually.But some qualify and still don't get any aid... They have to apply to the Union sports ministry. The facts of the case are verified before we okay it. Since 2008, 44 persons living in indigent circumstances have received Rs 5 lakh as lumpsum. The minister also has some discretionary powers to sanction assistance in some deserving cases (that may not be otherwise eligible, technically).Everyone is welcome to apply. But if I won a gold medal in a school competition and need money, then it would not be correct to apply for government aid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11863328", "title": "Salman Khurshid speaks to Manmohan Singh after EC complains to President", "text": "NEW DELHI: Law Minister Salman Khurshid spoke to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh against the backdrop of Election Commission's complaint against him to President Pratibha Patil in which the panel accused him of \"improper and unlawful\" defiance of its orders.Sources close to the minister confirmed that Khurshid, who is currently in Lucknow, had a telephonic talk with the Prime Minister but it could not be known what transpired.However, according to TV reports, Khurshid reportedly told the PM that he has not defied the Election Commission and is ready to accept whatever decision the PM takes.Acting swiftly on the complaint by the Election Commission against Khurshid, the President had last night sent it to the office of the Prime Minister for \"appropriate action\".In an unprecedented step last night, the Commission sought \"immediate and decisive\" intervention of the President accusing the Law Minister of \"improper and unlawful\" defiance of its orders under which he was censured for promising sub-quota for minorities.In a strongly-worded communication to Patil, the EC said Khurshid's action could \"vitiate free and fair polls\" in Uttar Pradesh and that it was \"perturbed because the undermining of its Constitutionally-mandated duties has come from the Law Minister who has direct responsibility to uphold and strengthen the EC rather than to denigrate it\".The Commission took the unprecedented decision to complain against a Union minister to the President after Khurshid had told an election rally in UP earlier in the day that he would continue to pursue the line on nine per cent sub-quota for minorities 'even if they (EC) hang me'.Khurshid spoke to the Prime Minister on a day when Congress virtually snubbed him for the controversy with party general secretary and media department chief Janardan Dwivedi underlining that all partymen should \"speak as per the norms of public life and the law of the land\".BJP has demanded sacking of Khurshid and its ally JD(U) said Khurshid should be banned from visiting Uttar Pradesh while CPI(M) disapproved of his \"defiant stance\".Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11854370", "title": "Joshi makes the right connect and gets the right response", "text": "NAGPUR: Standing committee chairman Sandip Joshi has had a tiring schedule in the last few days. But this is no time to rest. Only four days are left for campaigning and there are quite a few voters whom he has not contacted. Joshi has to campaign in some parts Dhantoli, Ajni Medical Colony, Irrigation Colony and Central Jail Colony.Joshi's supporters gather at the residence of Dr Safalta Ambatkar in Dhantoli at 9am. Ambatkar is the other BJP candidate contesting along with him. Some BJP activists from Dhantoli have also gathered at Ambatkar's residence. They start their door-to-door campaign in Vijayanand Society, which has not been covered so far.A few BJP supporters, who live in the colony, are waiting for them. They introduce the two candidates to the residents. Most of them know Joshi as he has been regularly in the news since the last two years. Many also know Ambatkar as she lives in Dhantoli.Joshi visits every flat and tells the residents that he will solve all the problems of the ward if both the candidates are elected. Some residents complain of bad roads and non-functional street lights. Joshi assures them that these problems would be addressed soon.Sitting corporator Umakant Deotale is an independent so Joshi is not directly responsible for the civic problems of the area. Some people tell him that they want development works and they would support anybody who delivers.The activists take rest after noon and go through the voters' list while having lunch. After that, they set out for Ajni medical colony. On the way, some BJP workers tell TOI that the rival candidates are luring residents of Takia slum with money. Joshi however says, \"I am not bothered about what the other side is doing. I have won elections on the development plank and I am hundred per cent confident that this will work this time too.\"In Ajni railway colony, politics is in the air. Some residents have tied a BJP flag on their gate while some others have the hand symbol fluttering from of their houses. In Dhantoli, middle class voters were not so openly political.Ambatkar tells some voters that they should vote for educated candidates like her so that antisocial elements do not run the NMC. \"If educated people do not take interest in politics, the society will suffer,\" she tells TOI.Dr Prafulla Pandit, a medical practitioner from Dhantoli, knows most of the residents. He introduces Joshi and Ambatkar to many of them.Most residents complain about the sewer lines. Joshi points out that the BJP government had started work on a new one. Response of residents is different. Some welcome him by coming out of their homes and the others at their door step. Some apolitical ones or Congress supporters merely nod their head when the two candidates ask them to vote for BJP.Some residents are apparently hard-core BJP supporters. One activist tells Joshi not to waste time by visiting them. Joshi brushes aside the suggestion and visits them.The team then proceeds to the Irrigation Colony, Neeri Colony and Jail Colony where the same exercise is repeated. The padayatra comes to an end at 8pm. Joshi, Ambatkar and few other BJP activists discuss the plan for Sunday and then call it a day.Sandip joshi's wardSandip Joshi's ward has 26,864 voters (male 13,454, female 13,410). The areas that come under the ward are Neeri Colony, East Laxmi Nagar, Vasant Nagar, Mata Kacheri, Rahate Colony, Ramdaspeth Dagdi Park, Dhantoli, Congress Nagar, Takia, Saraswati Nagar, Gorakshan Sabha and Central Jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "11854448", "title": "Girl raped at gunpoint in Haryana", "text": "SIRSA: A 15-year-old girl was raped at gunpoint by her neighbour on Friday night in Santawali village in the district.The victim said she and her mother were sleeping when their neighbour Satpal Singh, 25, barged into their home and threatened them with a gun.While threatening her mother that he would kill her if she raised an alarm or told the police, Singh raped the girl and then fled. A case of rape against the accused, a clerk at Rania grain mandi in Sirsa, was registered following a complaint lodged by the victim's mother. Investigating officer Hansraj Bishnoi said, \"The medical examination of the girl confirmed rape.\"On Saturday night, Bishnoi confirmed that the accused was caught from Jeevan Nagar, a place near Santawali village, where he had been hiding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11855350", "title": "'German Bakery was a place to meet &amp; greet'", "text": "PUNE: Foreign visitors who swarmed German Bakery till two years ago cannot come to terms with having lost it to a terror attack. Though many of them are miles away from the eatery they had once come to love as their own, they still cannot help but lament over what is gone. More than anything, they miss the old ties that prospered over coffee and cakes, and the friends who have departed, forever.Alberto Alpozzi, an Italian photo-reporter from Turin, Italy, recollects the memories of his Italian friend, Nadia Macerini, whom he lost in the blast. \"When I was in Pune, I lived in Koregaon Park. But for all good reasons I stayed in the bakery all day. It was a place to meet new people and friends. It was where I would eat my meals and drink. I have great memories of the eatery, for it was the first place I visited while in Pune and found a lot of people to talk to,\" he said.\"When I think about the tragedy now, I do not want to believe that I lost my dear friend Nadia in it. It happened a few days after I met her and returned to Italy. I had met her in another Pune-based eatery and, before we knew, we became close friends. She would love to listen to me speaking in English, though I am not too good at conversing in this language. She was the kind of human being who was always smiling and happy,\" he said.Alpozzi said that he and Nadia had first decided to leave India together, 15 days prior to the blast. \"But she changed her plan and went to south India instead. She later returned to Pune. When I heard about the blast and Nadia's death through a phone call from Pune, I did not want to believe it. My mind kept running back to Nadia and her smile. It was heart rending. I wrote to my Italian friends to confirm the news, hoping against hope that maybe Nadia was safe, but found out that she had passed away,\" said Alpozzi.Alpozzi didn't return to Pune after the tragedy. But he hopes to come back soon and see a new German Bakery. \"When I come back to Pune, I will surely miss German Bakery, which was a great place to meet people,\" he added.Scott Ryan , who now lives in Golden, British Columbia, Canada, used to stay a few buildings away from the bakery in 2009. Like others, the bakery was his usual haunt. In no time, he had befriended the bakery's staff, including Gokul Nepali, the bakery waiter who succumbed in the blast.\"It is unfortunate that German Bakery is not up and running, even after two years. I think that there was quite a strong sentiment for it to re-open -both as a sign of resilience and because it was a great place to meet friends over some good food. It is disappointing that it hasn't happened, but that is also a sign that the wounds caused by the blast haven't yet healed. I am sure that there are many people who are still affected by the blast on a personal and intimate level. And that they are still trying to cope with it physically, emotionally and psychologically. I think it is their wishes and voices that should be heard,\" said Ryan.He said he is still in touch with his friends that he had met in the bakery, as he has not been back in Pune. \"Hopefully, I will be able to return to India in the not too distant future to continue studying ayurveda. It will be strange not to be at the bakery, but I am sure that there will be other places, other memories and precious moments. Friendships are not defined by the places where they are formed, but rather places are defined by the people who inhabit them,\" said Ryan.Warren Stagg from the Ajna Centre for Learning in Kalyaninagar was a regular too. \"German Bakery has a special place in my heart. It seems that it will never again be what it was to me and hundreds of others. It was a social gathering place where people from everywhere could meet and share some good times together. One of its many gifts to its customers was the opening time - 6.30 am. This enabled many of us early risers to have breakfast or for those who worked the late night shifts to have a place to wind down after a stressful work situation. German Bakery was a place to meet and greet in a comfortable environment that had healthy food on its menu,\" he said.\"I am a metaphysical therapist. And the bakery was my morning office. For years, my friends and clients could find me there, share coffee and know that they could depend that I was always there,\" he added. The management and the crew were always courteous and friendly. They often became very close and were brought gifts by foreigners as a 'thank you' for being friends as well as servers, he recalled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11855772", "title": "Teenage angst high in Tricity", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The gruesome murder of a schoolteacher by her 15-year-old student in the classroom rocked Chennai recently. But, Chandigarh, too, has witnessed numerous cases of heinous crime involving juvenile and minor students of different schools in the past.In two recent incidents, school teachers were thrashed and robbed by agitated students, including Naresh Kumar, a teacher from Government Model Senior Secondary School-31. As many as eight juveniles and minor students have been arrested for attempt to murder and murder cases during the past one-and-half years.On September 26, 2011, five students, including two juveniles, murdered a 21-year old Pushkar outside Government Model Senior Secondary School, Sector 19.The juveniles were released on regular bail after two weeks of the arrest, but other three, Hanish, Harish and Ashwani, are still lodged in Model Burail jail.A senior police official said a detailed chargesheet against five students was filed in the area court in November, 2011.Vinod Sharma, president of Government Teachers Union (GTU), Chandigarh, said, \"There have been so many unreported instances where teachers were humiliated, thrashed and threatened by students.\"In July, 2011, Shubham, a Class IX student of DAV School, Sector 8, was murdered by four 15-year-olds and fellow students of the victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11855463", "title": "More rain, snow forecast in Shimla", "text": "SHIMLA: After two days of sunny weather, Himachal Pradesh is likely to witness heavy rain and snow in the next couple of days, further intensifying the cold conditions while adding to the problems of people residing in the higher reaches of the state.\"The weather was mainly dry in Himachal Pradesh on Saturday which led to rise in maximum temperatures by 1 to 2 degrees Celsius, but this may change from Sunday onwards due to western disturbances,\" said director, Shimla meteorological centre, Manmohan Singh .In the coming days, especially on Sunday and Monday, the state would witness heavy rain and snowfall at isolated places. Shimla is likely to witness partly cloudy sky with possibility of rain or thundershowers on Sunday while there are chances of rain and snow on Monday, he said.Snowbound areas of the state, including Kalpa, Keylong, Manali and Shimla, are reeling under extreme cold conditions after the recent snowfall. The lowest temperature of minus 15.4 degrees Celsius was recorded at Keylong, which was five degrees below normal. Kalpa town of Kinnaur district recorded minimum temperature of minus 7.2 degrees Celsius which was four degrees below normal, sources said.People at state capital Shimla are also feeling the chill with minimum temperature of 1.4 degrees Celsius while Manali recorded minimum temperature of minus 3.2 degrees Celsius and Dharamshala recorded minimum temperature of 1.5 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11856059", "title": "All-out efforts for votes in last stretch", "text": "With less than four days left for the civic polls, parties are making the most of the weekend by using the tried-andtested formula of door-to-door campaigning and other electioneering. Meanwhile, citizens' candidates and groups are using innovative methods, including Valentine's Day, to reach voters.Mumbai 227, a platform for citizens' candidates, will urge Mumbaikars to declare their love for Mumbai on Valentine's Day. Citizens will have to promise to do one thing that will make Mumbai better and send a video of that promise. They must promise to continue doing this activity for the rest of the year (for example, recycling, segregating garbage, not littering etc. The best videos will be uploaded on the Mumbai 227 website and other sites).My Dream Colaba, a citizens' group, will send messages like 'Celebrate this Valentine Day with a difference-love your neighbourhood-cast your vote', 'I love Colaba and hence I will vote' and 'I love clean water and hence I will vote'. My Dream is fielding Independent candidate Makrand Narvekar.Mumbai mayor Shraddha Jadhav said only home visits work for the Shiv Sena. Tushar Aphale, MNS zonal president, Bandra (West), said that they have finished door-to-door campaigning. \"We have organized jan sabhas and erected stages. On the last day, there will be a rally in the ward,\" said Aphale.The citizens' Lok Satta Party (LSP) will visit buildings, chawls and housing societies. \"We have identified volunteers and are reaching out to first-time voters. We have managed to spend an average of Rs 60,000 per candidate as against the spending limit of Rs 5 lakh,\" said Ram Ramdas, spokesperson, LSP.The BJP will tap religious heads in Bandra-Santa Cruz, \"because our opponents are trying to create confusion among religious groups\", said Ashish Shelar, corporator. \"We will have a padayatra on February 14. We'll urge people to vote for secularism and development.\"Congress MLA Krishna Hegde from Vile Parle will use music. \"We have a music CD and ringtones in Marathi, Hindi and English. There will be a bike rally on Sunday . We're having a public meeting and chowk sabhas in various corners on Sunday,\" said Hegde.The NGO Agni, Borivli-Dahisar Jagruk Nagrik Manch, Hindustani Ekta Lok Prajatantra and Inspired Bharat organized meet-your-candidate sessions. \"We're giving the candidates a citizens' charter. We have made a CD on the importance of voting. This is supported by 26 NGOs in Ward 1,\" said Willie Shirsat, Agni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11859237", "title": "R Madhavan worships Kamal", "text": "Look, now, which of our leading actors is professing his adoration for superstar Kamal Hassan. It's \"Jodi Breakers\" star R Madhavan who expressed his love for the veteran actor recently on a microblogging site.The actor, who sounded visibly excited to have met Hassan sometime ago, wrote, \"Met My God today.The best actor ever.who lives-breaths-eats and worships Cinema.I become weak in my knees when i am around him.I worship him.\"Soon later, Madhavan posted some video clips from Kamal Hassan's films and followed it up with the message, \"...there has, is and will never be another like him.Lets celebrate him guys.send me like of clips you like best abt him(sic).\"Much to the delight of Kamal Hassan fans, Madhavan also wrote on his blog how the a sneak peak into the veteran actor's forthcoming venture had totally bowled him. Maddy wrote, \"Got a sneak peak into his next and was stunned.took my breath away.i have tears in my eyes every time I meet Kamal sir and tough to control.\" Given the iconic performances Kamal Hassan has given over the years, we sure understand the worship part of your message.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11859093", "title": "Cast of 'Palchhin' plays a cricket match", "text": "Recently, the picturesque Motibaug cricket ground in Vadodara witnessed a unique cricket match which had its share of fun moments.While one team comprised of city-based chartered accountants, the other team was an interesting mix of actors and unit members of the film 'Palchhin', which is being currently shot in the city.It was a game between 'Palchhin XI' and 'Baroda CA-XI', and there was some good cricket plus entertainment on offer for viewers.Actor Chandrachur Singh was at his attacking best and played some wonderful shots much to the delight of the crowd, while Sanjay Suri wasn't far behind either.In between, petite beauty Chitrashi Rawat of 'Chak De! India' fame, who happens to be a national level hockey player, was seen trying her hands at bowling leg spin!Well, it looks like the likes of Amit Mishra and Piyush Chawla have some 'beautiful' competition on their hands! Actors Shreya Narayan and Auroshikha Dey were also seen cheering for their team and also trying their hands at batting.An enjoyable and fun-filled occasion, no doubt. The match was followed by lunch and then there was a prize distribution ceremony in the hands of Samarjitsinh Gaekwad, scion of the erstwhile royal family of Baroda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11855319", "title": "NHAI starts global hunt for top job, but few takers", "text": "NEW DELHI: NEW DELHI: The government has launched a global hunt for a new NHAI chairman, but so far it has only managed to attract applications from retired and serving government officials and from public sector executives.Although officials are still hopeful of getting private sector executives in the race, the pay package and a three-year term may not be sufficient attraction. Officials, however, warn that it is still early days with 10 days to go.So far, there are 15 candidates who have applied for the job of chief executive of the world's largest highway construction programme. This includes HUDCO CMD VP Baligar, former Chhattisgarh chief secretary PJ Oommen and ex-labour secretary Prabhat Chaturvedi. In addition, there is V K Yadav, DG of Border Roads; K N Shrivastava, an additional secretary in the external affairs ministry and Sumit Chakraborty from IIM-Kolkata.Highways ministry officials several technocrats and senior executives of top public sector undertakings (PSUs) have also applied for the NHAI top job. And, this includes those living abroad.\"There is no law in the country that prohibits global executives to apply for the job. Once we have expanded the criteria for selection, the aim is to get the best man for this job,\" said a senior ministry official.He added that the ministry has been receiving queries from different people since the government advertised the post. The provision of a three-year fixed tenure in this post, which has the provision to extend it by two more years, is also seen as motivating factors to get the best talent.However, the debate is still on whether the paltry monthly salary of Rs 80,000 will make the job lucrative enough for corporate and PSU top bosses. But officials admit that the compensation of Rs 80,000 plus perks may not be attractive for private sector executives.Sources said that Rajya Sabha MP Sitaram Yechury, who heads the parliamentary committee on transport, had raised this issue at the transport development council meeting last week. In response to Yechury's question, highways secretary A K Upadhyaya, who is holding the dual charge of NHAI chairman, reasoned that anyone with a \"nation-building\" mission could show interest.Initially, the highways builders had had a similar concern when minister C P Joshi proposed to expand the eligibility criteria, allowing private executives and technocrats to apply for NHAI chairman's post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11855204", "title": "Diamond traders demand simplified tax system", "text": "INDORE: The diamond traders in the state have supported the Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC), the apex body of country's diamond industry, which has demanded the implementation of the recommendation by the Shivaraman Committee report.The committee wants simplification of tax structure for the industry when the Union government comes up with its annual budget on March 16. GJEPC has recommended for imposition of 1 to 3% estimated tax on profit margin. Also, it has advocated for removal of excise duty by 1% and reduction in import duty. The diamond traders feel that if the tax was on the lower side, their competitiveness will go up per se.The industry imports the raw material Rhodium from countries like Italy and the US. The chemical is used in plating of diamond pieces on the white gold so as to provide lustre to the jewellery.Subhash Mathur, unit head of the Pithampur-based Rosy Blue, said that simplified tax structure was the need of the hour for the industry, which was already faced with problems like costly labour and strengthening rupee against the greenback at present. Also, the state government is trying to woo the global diamond major, 'Rio Tinto', to have its diamond cutting and polishing unit in the state. The company has recently got licence for diamond mining within the state from M-P government.Talking to ToI, Rajiv Verma, additional commissioner, central excise, Indore, said, \"Even Indore city has received quite a good number of jewellery shops. Still, none of them is trying to take a lead when it comes to the international market.\"Ankit Barmecha, a Delhi-based diamond trader, who has plans to open the branches of his company in Indore and Bhopal shortly, said that because of high import duty, they had to pay Rs 35,000 to Rs 40,000 per bottle of Rhodium, which is adequate for a month only.\"If the import duty was reduced on the item, it will definitely help bringing down our production cost,\" he said adding that the industry is already marred with the high interest rate of 14-15% for bank loans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11861143", "title": "Valentine's Day: No fear of moral policing this time", "text": "NEW DELHI: Come Valentine's Day, love birds in the capital can express their affection without any fear of moral policing from several right wing organisations, who have decided not to play spoilsport this time,even as police warned of action against anyone taking the law into their hands.Outfits like the Bajrang Dal, Vishwa Hindu Parishad and Shiv Sena say they do not want the youth to indulge in \"immoral acts\" but have no intentions of taking on thousands of couples who will celebrate Valentine's Day on Tuesday.However, they have demanded that police take \"legal action\" if anyone acts indecent in the public and asked youths to not to indulge in \"immoral acts\" on Tuesday.\"If youth select one day to express their love, we don't have any issues with it. Expressing the love in the boundaries of the social norms is a sign of true love,\" a Bajrang Dal spokesman said.Delhi state convenor of Bajrang Dal Shiv Kumar asked youth not to \"indulge in indecent and immoral acts in public places like park, malls, markets, pubs and discos in the name of Valentine's Day\".The activists said they were not against celebrating Valentine's Day but were only opposed to \"immoral and indecent\" acts.Ecohing their views, VHP activists said youngsters should not indulge in \"immoral behaviour\" at public places.A VHP spokesman said they have written letters to various pubs and restaurants asking them not to organise any programmes or allow any kind of immoral activity during the Valentine's Day.Delhi Police said moral policing would not be allowed by outfits during the celebrations and warned of action against those indulging in such activities.A senior police official said a large contingent of personnel would be deployed in the capital to prevent any untoward incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11911455", "title": "CTT: Bourses fear Rs 150tn business loss to dabba trade", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fearing that any transaction tax on commodity trade could push over 90 per cent of the business volumes to illegal 'dabba' trading, the country's leading bourses have warned any such levy would be a retrograde step.The overall commodity derivative trade in the country is estimated to clock a total volume of Rs 170 lakh crore in the current fiscal ending next month, out of which more than Rs 150 lakh crore could shift to 'dabba' market, the exchanges fear.'Dabba' trading is a commonly used term for off-market, informal trade activities, which are illegal in nature and where punters indulge in speculative trading to make quick money without paying any taxes or other transaction fees.\"The imposition of a commodity transaction tax (CTT) will have a retrograde effect on the commodity futures market. Almost all the business will be lost and trading will shift to dabba,\" MCX chairman Venkat Chary said.While there has been no official word so far, various reports have said the government could propose the CTT when it announces budget proposals for 2012-13 next month.Stock market trades in the country are subjected to a securities transaction tax (STT), but no such levy is imposed in the commodity derivatives trade. The government had proposed a CTT in 2008, but it was not notified after stiff opposition from various quarters.Top officials of various commodity exchanges disagreed with the contention that business volumes were shifting from stocks to commodity due to the STT on equity trading.\"Contrary to the claims made by stock exchanges, volumes in equity trading are not getting shifted to commodity market. In fact shifting of volumes is happening from cash and futures segment of equity market to the equity options,\" National Multi-Commodity Exchange's vice president (business development - north) M K Khattar said.Other commodity exchanges like ICEX and NCDEX have also expressed fears against any transaction tax on commodity trade, while industry chambers like CII and Ficci have also opposed any such levy.MCX's deputy managing director P K Singhal said that commodity derivatives market was still in a nascent stage, as against a relatively much more developed stock market, and any transaction tax would kill the market.Chary said that the commodity trading was currently in a growing phase, but any transaction tax would kill the market.The commodity market is growing at an annual growth rate of 30-40 per cent ever since the futures trading in commodities was allowed in 2003.The consumer affairs ministry, which is the administrative department for commodity market, has also opposed the idea of CTT.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11855063", "title": "Nitish prays at shrine for development", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar visited the shrine of Hazrat Syed Shah Ghulam Safdar Peer, popularly revered as Murad Shah, near the Patna high court and offered 'chadar' on the concluding day of the three-day fair organized to mark 'Urs', or death anniversary, of Murad Shah on Saturday.When the CM carrying the silk 'chadar' and floral wreath over his head entered the shrine, he was welcomed by the high court mosque imam, Maulana Azmatullah Rahmani. Rahmani recited 'fateha' while Nitish prayed for social harmony and development. The CM was accompanied by Bihar State Minorities Commission chairman Naushad Ahmad, Patna DM Sanjay Kumar and SSP Alok Kumar, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "durgapur", "code": "11855197", "title": "INTTUC factions clash in Durgapur", "text": "DURGAPUR: A clash between two factions of the Trinamool Congress-led Indian National Trinamool Trade Union Congress (INTTUC) on Saturday morning in Durgapur led to serious injury to a contractor's employee of Durgapur Projects Limited and the blocking of the DPL main road for about 45 minutes.The rival factions clashed near Gammon Bridge. Contractor's employee Manik Majumdar was beaten by five members of his rival group and admitted to ESI Hospital with a head injury. Majumdar's followers immediately blocked the road in protest. Police reached the spot to control the situation and dispersed the crowd.The two unregistered unions claiming affiliation to INTTUC have been fighting with each other to take control of the contractor labourers' union of state-owned DPL. While one group claimed that they had been recognized by new INTTUC leader Dola Sen, the other claimed that old guard Sobhandeb Chattopadhyay had recognized them and their union had been formed 12 years ago.ACP(East) of Durgapur Kazi Shyamsuddin Ahmed told TOI that both the rival groups had filed written complaints. \"The situation is now under control and a police picket has been posted in the area. One person has been arrested,\" he added.INTTUC Burdwan district president Prabhat Chatterjee refuted the allegation that two rival factions of INTTUC had clashed and claimed that there was no authorized unit of INTTUC in DPL. \"I have no knowledge of any registered INTTUC contractor workers union in DPL. It may be a ploy of CPM and CITU to defame our party supremo, Mamata Banerjee and her government,\" he claimed.CITU leader of DPL Naren Sikdar said, \"Everybody in Durgapur knows the fact that since the past few months two rival groups of INTTUC are fighting with each other to take control of the contractor labourers' union. The injured person is son of Debdas Majumdar, a contractor worker of DPL who is known as INTTUC leader,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11863906", "title": "AI flight develops technical snag at Rajkot", "text": "RAJKOT: Around 114 passengers were stranded for hours at Rajkot airport, after a Mumbai-bound Air India (AI) flight was cancelled due to a technical snag, airport sources said.Sources say that on Saturday evening the same flight had landed at Rajkot airport safely with nearly 118 passengers on board. However, while the aircraft was going to the apron area its wheel collided with a solid object, sources said. Even though the flight was scheduled to take off at 6 pm on Saturday, the damaged wheel could not be repaired till late night.\"The plane was not in a position to land or take off, so the flight had to be cancelled,\" a senior official at the Rajkot Airport said. The airport authority made suitable alternative arrangement for passengers to proceed to Mumbai, he added.Meanwhile, fire brigade personnel were called in for help and they removed the stuck up wheel safely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11856594", "title": "Aurobindo Pharma declares 'hidden' income", "text": "HYDERABAD: Aurobindo Pharma has declared Rs 30 crore as its undisclosed income for this fiscal and will now have to pay the required tax on this amount.The disclosure came after the Income Tax (I-T ) department's massive search operation on various units of the Hyderabad-based pharmaceutical major, that began on Friday morning and went on till Saturday evening.Cash recoveries apart, the team, that had been deputed to search as many as 16 premises of the pharma group (including its corporate office, factories, manufacturing units and other facilities), is also believed to have unearthed a pile of important documents and records that will be scrutinised by I-T sleuths over the next few days. \"There will be further investigations against the firm and key officials will be interrogated soon to establish if the group has any further undisclosed earnings,\" said an I-T official, who was part of the search team led by Vijay Bhaskar Reddy, additional commissioner I-T , Unit-1 , that undertakes all investigations.But while Friday's search operation saw as many as 100 I-T staffers on the job, the team on Saturday comprised just about 15-20 officials, sources said.\"This is because we had finished searching most of the units on Friday itself . Today (Saturday) the focus was largely on the company's corporate office in Ameerpet,\" the source said.Apart from its facilities in the city, the pharma major's outlets in other parts of the country such as Pondicherry, Tamil Nadu and Rajasthan were also searched on Friday.The operations in these places, however , concluded on the same day itself. \"The search at the Ameerpet office was the longest and ended at only around 6 pm on Saturday ,\" another I-T source added.The operation in the city had started at 6 am on Friday. Friday's I-T operation, which senior officials of the department termed as a routine procedure, not only saw Aurobindo's share prices take a beating (it dropped by 6% to touch a weekly low of Rs 108 before closing at Rs 110.65 on the BSE) but also compelled the firm to defer its board meeting, scheduled to be held on Friday.The company is now likely to hold the meeting, to consider its financial results for the third quarter, on February 13.Aurobindo Pharma is a respondent in the Jaganmohan Reddy assets case which is being investigated by CBI.The central investigative agency's sleuths had raided the various offices of the company in August last year, two days after an FIR was registered in the illegal assets case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "11855051", "title": "Sahara eyes Kerala retail market", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Sahara India Group is planning to enter the retail sector in Kerala in a big way. Addressing a news conference on the IIM-K campus here on Saturday, the group's managing worker and chairman Subrata Roy said that the group plans to open one lakh retail outlets in the country, including in Kerala, soon.\"Around eight months ago, our team came here to explore the possibilities of expanding business activities in Kerala. The retail outlets will be opened in UP, Bihar and Jharkhand in June-July and by next March it will have a country-wide presence,\" he said.The investment in the retail business will be Rs 15,000 to Rs 20,000 crore. \"We will make all efforts to ensure quality as we have found that 60 to 70 per cent of the products available in the market are adulterated. We have around 300 employees only to ensure the quality of products,\" he said.The Sahara will also intensify its media and entertainment business with new educational components. It will air lectures by eminent faculties on a variety of subjects. The group is also planning to bring a tablet PC within the price range of Rs 5,000 to Rs 9,000. IIM-K director Debashis Chatterjee presided over the function. Roy unveiled the plaque on the statue of Arjun erected on the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11854480", "title": "Duo held with stolen chains worth Rs 8 lakh", "text": "MUMBAI: Stolen jewellery worth Rs 8 lakh was recovered from two chain-snatchers by the Dahisar police. The duo operated on a blue motorcycle with a temporary registration number and have robbed women at Dahisar, Kandivli, Malad, Dindoshi, Andheri and Wadala.\"As a spurt in chain-snatching offences was noticed, we studied our database and prepared a team of officers to follow up on every old offender. We learnt that Santosh Singh alias John (26) had started his own gang. We laid a trap and arrested him on February 4. Santosh has 13 past offences and has also been externed once. He led us to Sumeet Singh (22),\" said senior inspector Ansar Pirzade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "medaram (warangal)", "code": "11856491", "title": "Medaram jatara ends", "text": "MEDARAM (WARANGAL): The Sammakka Saralamma tribal jamboree at Medaram village of Tadwai mandal came to an end here on Saturday. Thousands of tribal families sent off their goddesses with traditional drum beats and Gussadi dances.The tribal priests brought back the deities to their respective places of Kannepally (Saralamma), and Chilukalagutta hillock (Sammakka) and performed the Vanapravesham (back to forest) ceremony that signalled the end of the jatara.A huge crowd thronged the venue to worship the deities on Saturday, the fourth and final day of the jatara.Warangal collector B Rahul and SP Rajesh Kumar said 80 lakh devotees from across the country, particularly tribals from Maharashtra , Jharkhand, and Madhya Pradesh, came to the jatara this time. Both the officials expressed their satisfaction over the smooth completion of the jatara. The festival remained crime-free , the SP said.The district authorities on Saturday, decided to begin sanitation works postjatara , on a war footing. Personnel from the departments of RWS, panchayat raj, medical and health, and animal husbandry will carry out the clean up operation .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11856297", "title": "Learning to click &amp; dance, for a cause", "text": "MUMBAI: Moving to Chammak Challo is an exciting, if somewhat unusual, way to spread awareness about cervical and breast cancer . But for 150 women, it was a Saturday afternoon well spent at a hotel in Khar as they learnt Bollywood moves from choreographer Ganesh Hegde and picked up tips from fashion photographer Daboo Ratnani.The Times of India organized two workshops on Saturday as part of the ongoing Lavasa Women's Drive, which will be held on February 26. Ganesh Hegde conducted a dance workshop for women where he taught them how to gyrate to Bollywood chartbusters. \"When I was contacted by TOI to take a class for women, I was a little intrigued. I have never conducted a workshop before but this is a cause I wanted to contribute to,\" said Hegde.Ratnani briefed participants about photography and amazed the audience with his work samples. Mariam Issac, a participant, said, \"Ratnani's inputs were great.\" Ratnani said, \"We are working for a noble cause and I am happy to do my bit to spread awareness.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11854873", "title": "Power shutdown", "text": "CHENNAI: Power will be cut off on Monday from 9am to 5pm in the following areas for maintenance works.Perungalathur: New and Old Perungalathur, Peerkankaranai, Mudhichur, part of West Tambaram, Irumbuliyur, Kolapakkam, VandalurAdyar: Entire Besant Nagar, Part of - Sastri Nagar, Adayar, Thiruvanmiyur, L B Rd, M G RdT Nagar central: Vaidyaraman St, Bhagavantham St, Thanikachalam Rd, Rajambal St, Silver Part AppartmentKorattur: Balaji Nagar, Pallas Street, TVS Nagar, Annai Nagar, Agraharam, North, East, Central Avenue, Sakthi Nagar, Part of Housing Board, Entire Padi, TVS Colony and Avenue, Kumaran Nagar, Devar NagarKolathur: Thathan Kuppam, Senthil Nagar, Santhi Nagar, Srinivasa Nagar, Vivekananda Nagar, Teachers Colony, PuthagaramSaidapet East: Bazar Rd, Vinayagampet, Alandur Rd, Kothaval St, Jayaram Chetty St, Divan Bashyam, Karini Garden Jones Rd, West CIT Nagar, Kannamapet, South West Boag Rd, Anna Salai, Jenus Rd, Karaneeswarar Koil St, Subramania Samy Koil St, Subramania Mudali St, Old Mambalam Rd, Kodambakkam Rd, Tod Hunter Nagar, Velachery Rd, Venkatapuram, North Avenue, Arokia Mada Rd, Sudiamman St, Mosque Garden, Potter St, Panpet, CIT Nagar 1 and 2nd Main Rd.Ennore Road: Ennore, Kathivakkam, Ernavoor, EHT consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "vijay dinanath chauhan. poora naam. baap ka naam, dinanath chauhan. maa ka naam, suhasini chauhan. gaon, mandwa .... \" iconic lines mouthed by two bollywood stalwarts in two versions of agneepath set apart by 22 years", "code": "11856011", "title": "In Mandwa, Kancha Cheena meets history", "text": "Vijay Dinanath Chauhan. Poora naam. Baap ka naam, Dinanath Chauhan. Maa ka naam, Suhasini Chauhan. Gaon, Mandwa .... \" Iconic lines mouthed by two Bollywood stalwarts in two versions of Agneepath set apart by 22 years: lines that etch the name 'Mandwa' in one's memory forever.Mandwa, a small village on the western coast, is Vijay Dinanath Chauhan's home. But it's taken over by drug lord Kancha Cheena, who murders Vijay's father, and sends him and his mother into exile. Vijay returns years later as Kancha's nemesis and claims it back. But Vijay wasn't just fighting an evil drug lord: he was fighting history, too.It wasn't mere coincidence that Mandwa served as a setting for conflict between the protagonist and the antagonist in Agneepath. History, and more importantly , geography chose it. The 1883 'Colaba Gazetteer' of the Bombay Presidency describes the place: \"Mandwa, about 12 miles north of Alibag on the north coast right across from Bombay, is a landing place of some importance. The village is hid in a grove of cocoa-palms at the head of a short broad bay with a shallow sandy beach.... \" Records show the British had a clear understanding of the importance of the place. So did Kancha in old Agneepath.In one of the scenes, Kancha ( Danny Denzongpa ) tells Dinkar Rao (Goga Kapoor) why he wants Mandwa : \"This place is so close to Mumbai, yet it is beyond the reach of law's long arm. It's ideally suited for my shady business.\" This is an advantage Mandwa probably enjoys even now.Commodore (retd) Pradeep Khanna, a former Navy officer, says the western coast is notorious for smuggling of narcotics and arms. \"Mandwa in the old Agneepath fits beautifully as a port for nefarious activities. The mother ships would anchor beyond 12 nautical miles and the cargo would come in smaller launches which can escape detection,\" he says.But the makers of the new Agneepath have taken many liberties. Mandwa here is an island, not a coastal town. \"Ours is a work of fantasy. We recreated Mandwa in Diu; the makers of the old Agneepath did the same in Goa,\" says Karan Malhotra, the director and screenwriter of the new Agneepath.Why choose Mandwa? Mandwa, it's believed, was a transit point of opium trade within the British Empire. \"We used it because we thought it would have an instant recall among movie buffs. And Mandwa has a nice ring to it,\" Malhotra adds.In the old Agneepath, Mandwa catapults Kancha to power and prosperity. In 25 years, he sets up illegal businesses in Shimoga, Daman, Porbander, Jaisalmer , Dhanbad and Kohima, and bases himself in Mauritius. And this is a realistic portrayal, for, between 1874 and 1882, Mandwa's legal exports alone made the English richer by \u00a346,788 - a whopping Rs 28,10,08,728 (approx) in today's currency. However , the illegal trade here is still unaccounted for.In the 17th century, England's trade aspirations in the western coast were challenged by the Dutch, Portuguese, the Marathas and the Mughals. The conflict zones were always the ports of Alibag, Chaul, Khanderi, Janjira, Mandwa and Bombay. \"All the small ports were important naval posts, but British gained Bombay as part of Catherine of Braganza's dowry and got the best port,\" says Atul Sabharwal, who wrote and directed Powder, a critically acclaimed series on narcotics smuggling.For the English, the Marathas proved to be a formidable foe. \"The Marathas had absolute control of the western coast for close to 40 years until Sarkhel Kanoji Angre's death in 1729. Mandwa lies between Alibag and Bombay, so they may have had control over it too,\" says historian Pandurang Balkawade.Dr Uday S Kulkarni, the author of Solstice At Panipat: 14 January 1761, says, \"Western India saw huge illicit exports of opium in the 19th century. Mandwa was one such transit point. I don't find it surprising that we don't have much information about Mandwa. Indians are traditionally not a people who write history and, in fact, soon convert it into mythology.\" But Bollywood's love affair with Mandwa includes its stars, many of whom have built bungalows nearby.In Agneepath, Bollywood uses a slice of Mandwa history to craft a new mythology. The image it has churned out is so alluring it could well be true.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11854554", "title": "Monserrate, Tarcar, 77 others file nominations", "text": "PANAJI: An electoral 'battle of the giants' has officially begun with education minister Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate of the Congress and his strong challenger Dinar Tarcar, now of the MGP, filing their nominations on Saturday for a hot contest in St Cruz constituency. It also has sitting MLA Victoria Fernandes' son Rudolf in the race as an independent.Other ministers who filed their nominations on Saturday include home minister Ravi Naik (Ponda), water resources minister Felipe Neri Rodrigues (Velim), tourism minister Nilkant Halarnkar (Tivim) and revenue minister Jose Philip D'Souza (Vasco).In all, 79 candidates filed 115 nominations (some filed two sets) all over Goa, taking the total candidates in the fray to 156 and the total nominations to 235. Sunday is a holiday and that leaves only Monday (from 11am to 3pm) for the potential candidates to file their nomination papers. The scrutiny of nominations will be done on February 14 (Tuesday) and the last date for withdrawal of nominations is February 16 (Tuesday).Other aspiring MLAs who officially entered the fray are two newly-joined Trinamool Congress candidates Pandurang Raut (Bicholim) and sitting Sanvordem MLA Anil Salgaoncar's son Sameer (Mandrem). In Cumbarjua, Fr Bismarque Dias (independent) and former Congress woman Nirmala Sawant (supported by BJP-MGP) also filed their nominations.Notable candidates who filed second sets include opposition leader Manohar Parrikar (Panaji) and Mapusa BJP MLA Francis D'Souza. A number of wives also filed their nominations on Saturday. While Atanasio Monserrate's wife Jennifer is the official Congress candidate for Taleigao, other wives have filed dummy nominations like the revenue minister's wife Neny in Vasco, Dinar Tarcar's wife Manisha in St Cruz, Sameer Salgaoncar's wife Sonali in Mandrem.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "11855118", "title": "Tourists Rediscover Queen of Hills", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: Ooty received more domestic and foreign tourists in 2011. While the registered increase in domestic visitors was 13.75% in 2011 compared with 2010, foreign tourist traffic was up by 40%.The 'Queen of Hills' saw a fall in the number of tourists in 2010 after landslips ravaged the Nilgiris in November 2009. The district received unprecedented rainfall during the first week of November which caused over a hundred land-slips and resulted in the death of 45 people.In all, 21,58,344 tourists (21,35,220 domestic tourists and 23,124 foreigners) visited Ooty in 2010 which was less than the inflow in 2009, when 22, 54,856 tourists (22, 25,214 domestic and 29, 632 foreigners) visited the town. However, the number of domestic tourists has gone up to 24,28,860 in 2011 and the number of foreign tourists as per official records is 32,438.According to officials, after the November 2009 devastation, the holiday retreat recouped fast for tourist seasons. Promotional programmes conducted by the state tourism department and the Centre helped the town to attract more tourists. \"The tourism department of the Tamil Nadu is vigorously promoting tourism in the state, including in the Nilgiris. It is because of this, the number of domestic and foreign tourists visiting Ooty has increased,\" said S Durairaj, tourist officer, Ooty.The tourism department took up various assignments including installing a tourist information centre at the newly-developed botanical garden in Gudalur and facilities at Ooty lake and Doddabetta peak were enhanced at the cost of Rs 82 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11855225", "title": "Choppers giving a high to city lovebirds", "text": "HYDERABAD: This could well be the season of love and nobody is more excited than city-based chartered chopper services who have been giving couples a chance to write their love stories in the clouds, in exchange for a fee.Smitten souls who wear their hearts on their sleeves and who are willing to spend as they please are turning out to be prime customers for chopper service providers. Earlier, these chartered services were essentially being availed by high-flying entrepreneurs to hop from one meeting to another; now, it is the lover boys in town who have replaced the biggies.Take for instance the brand new husband who, a few days into the marriage, wanted to give his wife a 'Hyderabad darshan'. So, he did not hop onto the AP tourism bus but chose a spin in the chopper instead to give his partner a bird's eye view of the Charminar and Hussainsagar.\"He felt that it would be a memorable and an exclusive gift from him,\" says Prabhakar Reddy, who heads Wings Aviation. The company has three aircraft: two six-seater P-68s and one four-seater Cessna 172. And it's the leisure traveler, particularly the young, looking for a city tour or a trip to a nearby location that keeps his three aircraft in the air, he says.The sky is increasingly turning out to be the perfect location for popping the question, or so believe mana lover boys with deep pockets. Booking a chartered flight for proposing to that light-eyed dream girl is, therefore, no longer an outlandish idea but one that has been done by the boy (living in the plush bungalow) next door. The cost of proposing? A princely Rs 25,000 for an hour-long flight.There are over half-a-dozen such agencies in Hyderabad providing chartered services and they all appear rather pleased with the 20% growth in business this fiscal. Battling the recession till a couple of years back, they say the business side of love has given them both hope and the money to survive, particularly when their services are being used to take romances forward.There is a jump in the demand for chartered flights for marriages, says Ch Madhusudhan Rao, CEO, Akinos Flights.\"Although places like Rajahmundry have airports, there is poor air connectivity. Those with time constraints or with a penchant for style hire chartered planes.\" Service providers say that their services have also been used to shower flower petals at weddings.\"From Andhra Pradesh alone we get at least two to three requests every month for showering flowers on a marriage procession,\" says Rao. He adds that demands for similar showers have been made for religious gatherings and political meetings as well.Apart from ferrying family, guests or even flowers, flights come in handy for bachelor parties, too. Agency officials share how Goa and Pondicherry are amongst the preferred destinations for the party-people who want to book a chartered flight. Based on the clients' convenience, the aircrafts are stationed either at Begumpet or Shamshabad airport.Bharath Reddy, head of operations and administration, Deccan Hyderabad says: \"Recently, a husband who was about to gift an expensive car to his wife on her birthday wanted a petal shower at their home in Gachibowli exactly at the moment when the car was delivered.\"However, Reddy says that business could have been better if not for the many restrictions in place that were imposed after YS Rajasekhara Reddy's death in a chopper crash.Umesh V, director, Turbo Aviation, who recently arranged for the flower shower in Bhadrachalam at the unveiling of the longest tricolour on January 26, says that the love of god, too, brings them customers. His company has three Cessna Citations and he says that pilgrimage tours to Tirupati and other places are a regular affair.Tariffs of chartered planes and choppersSingle engine chopper- Rs 25,000/hrDouble engine chopper- Rs 50,000 -80,000/hr4 seater Cessna flight- Rs 20,000/hr6 seater Cessna flight- Rs 50,000/hrJet engine flights: From Rs 1,25,000 per hour up to Rs 3,00,000 per hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11855579", "title": "Effort on to find an alternative", "text": "JAIPUR: With the recent accidents on the B2 bypass, not just the officials, even public representatives have launched an effort to find a safer alternative for heavy vehicles.Following frequent fatal accidents on New Sanganer Road, the local residents had approached the high court, which directed that the movement of the heavy vehicles should be diverted through the bypass. The residents of the nearby areas have been opposing the move.On Saturday, a meeting was held at the Jaipur Development Authority in which MP Mahesh Joshi, JDA commissioner Kuldeep Ranka, deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Rohit Mahajan, additional commissioner of police (law and order) Biju George Joseph and other officials were present.After attending the meeting, Joshi said: \"We are finding an alternative way for B2 bypass for heavy vehicles. We are thinking that heavy vehicles should not pass through city's residential colonies. JDA officials are conducting surveys for finding an alternate to B2 bypass.\"According to sources, the JDA is considering construction of a foot overbridge for pedestrians on B2 bypass. Representatives from the area were also present in the meeting.According to Ashima Kaushik, a local resident who attended the meeting, the officials have talked about several times for finding an alternate to B2 bypass. \"However, nothing has been done. In the past 13 days, 4 people have died on the road in accidents.\"Hari Singh Nathawat, president, SFS Residents' Development Society, who has been protesting against plying of heavy vehicles on B2 bypass said: \"I have suggested a proposal to JDA officials and also to MP Mahesh Joshi to keep the heavy vehicle traffic out of the city. I suggested them that the heavy traffic can be diverted from NH8 to Bagru and from Bagru to Muhana Mandi, Madrampura and meet at Haldi Ghati Marg.\"MLA Sanganer Ghanshyam Tiwari also suggested city police an alternate route for B2 bypass. Tiwari said: \"Throughout the day, we surveyed the area. I personally pointed out the routes to senior police officers from where the heavy vehicle traffic can pass through without entering the city.\" Earlier, PCC chief Chandrabhan had hinted that the authorities should focus on a permanent solution like the Ring Road, for easy flow of heavy vehicles and road safety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11863832", "title": "BJP remembers Ram only during polls: Rashid Alvi", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Senior Congress leader and MP Rashid Alvi accused the Bharatiya Janta Party (BJP) of following the politics of hatred in the country and creating a divide in the relations between Muslims and Hindus. Addressing a public meeting at Dariyabad locality in the city on Saturday in support of Congress candidate from City South assembly segment and mayor Chowdhry Jitendra Nath Singh, the Congress leader came down heavily against the saffron brigade for disturbing the communal fabric of the country.Speaking further, he observed that BJP remembers about Ram only during election time and once elections are over, they forget Ram. However they never fail to incorporated the construction of Ram Temple in their manifesto.This points towards the fact that their sole intention is to grab power at whatever cost.He also recalled ill fated Gujarat tragedy of 2002 when he accompanied, Congress chief, Sonia Gandhi to the Ahmedabad city. The whole city was burning and the Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi , poured oil on the sentiments of the people and did nothing to control the mob. However, BJP now wants to make Modi , prime minister of the country. He also accused the senior BJP leader and former deputy PM, LK Advani of creating dissensions in the society when he undertook Rath Yatra in the year 1990.He also flayed the BSP supremo Mayawati who suspended about 25 ministers accused of corruption at the fag end of their tenure as the State is going to the elections. She had prior knowledge of her ministers' activities and their financial bunglings much before, but she did not take any action. She suspended the ministers just few months before the election. He compared Mayawati's treatment towards her ministers with an Urdu couplet ( Raat bhar pete rahey, subah tauba kar li, rind ke rind rahe, hath se jannat bhi na gayi ).He also questioned the secular credentials of SP national president Mulayam Singh Yadav , as his party fielded candidates at about 85 seats in the Gujarat assembly polls to facilitate cross polling and weaken the Congress party, just as the State emerged from the shocking program in the year 2002. He accused the SP supreme of being the agent of BJP.AICC general secretary and incharge of UP Digvijay Singh that during the past 22 years, people gave chances to BSP,SP and BJP to rule the State but these parties followed the policy of casteism, communalism and divided people in the name of religion and caste. But now the State wants change and people should give chance to the Congress party.He observed that Nehru-Gandhi family has been the symbol, of Hindu-Muslim unity and the Ganga-jamuna tehzeeb that is permeated in the city.On the question of bringing back the black money into the country, he accused the BJP government of doing nothing though they have the reins of power for about seven years. He accused LK Advani of doing nothing on this issue. However, its is due to the credit of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh that a policy has been formed in G-20 and UN Charter for identification of the black money.He also accused Baba Ramdev on the issue of black money. He informed that Enforcement Directorate has asked him to pay tax of Rs. 100 crore. He also questioned his wealth amounting to about Rs. 1100 crore and purchasing an island in Scotland .He also raised question on the Anna Hazare crusade against corruption. Why they see corruption only in the Congress party and not against in the BJP government in Karnataka and Uttarakhand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11856041", "title": "Now, blue taxis for city of taxi blues", "text": "KOLKATA: After parks, flyovers and even trees, taxis in the city will go blue and white. Transport minister Madan Mitra will hold a meeting with taxi unions on February 18 to hand them a set of guidelines - no rudeness, no refusal, no tampering. And he has ruled out any hike in fares.\"Taxis will go blue and white. Taxi drivers will have to behave well with women , children and the elderly, and no meter tampering will be allowed,\" the minister said at Writers' Buildings on Saturday.The authorities will give taxi unions time to change the colour but the decision has not gone down well with cabbies. \"It costs `6000 to paint a cab. And `8,000 to change meters. Taxi fares need to be increased,\" said Bimal Guha of the Bengal Taxi Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11858801", "title": "Diary of a single girl", "text": "What exactly ticked off Ralph? February 6, Week 37Ah, February! This year is a leap year. Which means a girl can propose to a guy. Oh, who needs a leap year for that? Not me. If you like a guy, why shouldn't you let him know? It's so archaic to wait for him to approach you. It's so Dark Ages! I would make it known to the man if I was attracted to him. Not so sure about proposing, though. That, I am allergic to. Don't want to make proposals or accept them, unless it is an indecent proposal. Which, by the way, was a lovely movie, but mighty unrealistic.I can totally get how a woman would willingly sleep with a rich and sexy guy with the consent of her man, so that they could realise a common dream. I also get that they aren't able to deal with it and finally break up. The part I find unbelievable is the bit about the husband and wife managing to come back together. That's so fairytalelike. I think cracks in a relationship can be mended. But when two people are driven apart by a chasm, it's impossible to fix.I find it difficult to get over a breach of trust. In my world, that's a deal breaker. I think Demi Moore's husband in the film acted like a jackass. I won't judge him for agreeing to let his wife sleep with another man for a million dollars but I do judge him for trying to make her feel guilty later. They both agreed to go ahead with the plan, and if he couldn't deal with it, that's his problem. He had no right to play victim. That would've been justified had she gone behind his back and slept with a rich man for money.OK, fine, I will get to what's really on my mind. A friend spotted Ralph with a girl at a party soon after we began going around. I didn't even ask him about it. But last week when I was at a party chatting with a guy, I get a text from him, saying, \"Aren't there other people at the party? You have been talking to some guy for 45 minutes in a dark corner.\" I read the text later that night on my way home. I was amused. His friend who was also there played mole. And he was miffed. Why? Because it was a dark corner? Because it was for over two hours? Or because it was a guy he didn't know? I honestly don't care. Certainly not for that tone of his. When did we say this would be exclusive? Yes, I hadn't been with anyone else since I met him, but we didn't set any ground rules. The double standards of it all are exasperating. Why did he think it was OK to be seen with different girls at parties in Delhi? I'd heard about it from designer and model friends , but I never gave him the third degree. And I won't let him do that to me. You, my dear, have been warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11855189", "title": "MHA asks Red-hit districts to replicate Balaghat model", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union home ministry has written to district magistrates of naxal-affected districts, which are covered under the Integration Action Plan (IAP) for development activities, to replicate Madhya Pradesh's Balaghat model. The Balaghat model uses 'soft' power to make people aware of the local goings on and instill a sense of pride for something that they have created.Tribal-dominated Balaghat has recently brought out a newsletter - 'Jai Johar' (welcome or mamaste) - that aims to involve locals in creative activities under the \"Redeem Self Esteem\" programme. The authorities are now toying with the idea of setting up women and youth clubs to integrate the locals with the mainstream.The newsletter, brought out by the district administration, has carried write-ups of tribal school students about their customs, songs, art and rituals in local Baiga dialect. The exercise aims to give the local community an identity.It is believed that such activities will help them absorb the benefits of development initiatives which may, otherwise, bring many unintended consequences like accrued income fuelling alcoholism, outsiders cornering the major share of economic upsurge or rise in inequitable social practices particularly against women.\"Sensing the importance of such an initiative, the home ministry has written to all DMs of naxal-affected districts to replicate this model. We, along with development works, need to do a lot of other things simultaneously which may bring a sense of belonging among the locals,\" said a home ministry official.Brainchild of Balaghat DM Vivek Porwal, the newsletter has struck a chord with the tribals, who were earlier exposed to only pamphlets brought out by Maoists, and inclined to believe them as gospel truth - whatever Red Ultras disseminated through their vitriolic writings against the state machinery.Porwal said, \"Discovering that self-esteem is a critical determinant of ability to withstand change, we have convinced local communities that their creativity is good enough to be shared with others. We are also going to use this newsletter as spring board for our next level of 'regenerating self esteem' programmes like women and youth clubs under IAP.\"The IAP is being implemented in 60 naxal-affected districts with 100% block grant from the Centre. The allocated funds (Rs 25 crore and Rs 30 crore per district during 2010-11 and 2011-12, respectively) were placed at the disposal of a district-level committee - comprising DM, SP and district forest officer - that identifies and implements the basic development and infrastructure projects. The scheme will be implemented in 18 more districts from the next fiscal (2012-13).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11849550", "title": "Social networking helps kids too: Study", "text": "Students who can't convince parents and teachers enough that spending most of your time on networking sites is not a waste, can now reason well. Researchers at the University of Minnesota have discovered educational benefits of social networking sites.\"We found out that students using networking sites are actually practising the kind of 21st century skills we need to develop to be successful today,\" said Christine Greenhow, a learning technologies researcher in the university and principal investigator of the study.Researchers say that such websites offer tremendous educational potential.Students are developing a positive attitude towards using technology systems, editing and customising content and thinking about online design and layout.They're also sharing creative original work like poetry and film and practising safe and responsible use of information and technology.While proving that social networking sites offer more than just social fulfilment , even educators have a vast opportunity to support and influence what students are learning online.But of course, researchers have found out that very few students were actually aware of these opportunities. So, to convince your parents, you'll first have to make good use of this platform.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11856337", "title": "Why we lust for human exhibits", "text": "The story of Saartjie Baartman set off ripples in 19th century Europe. Abducted by British officer Alexander Dunlop and his manservant Hendrik Cesars , 21-year-old Baartman was illegally transported from Cape Town to London . There she was exhibited as the \"Hottentot Venus\" and paraded on stage, in flesh-coloured body stocking, accentuating her protruding buttocks. Burgeoning audiences flocked to see this exotic persona, adorned in an assortment of beads, shells and feathers, singing , dancing , and even smoking a pipe.But such a controversial exhibition of another human being could hardly go unchallenged. A subsequent court case debated whether Baartman performed voluntarily or if she was compelled to do so. After touring extensively for three years and taking Paris by storm, Baartman died in 1815. Her corpse was taken to the Museum of Natural History for dissection and analysis. Her skeleton, brain and genitals were preserved for posterity.In 1994, Nelson Mandela , on becoming South Africa's president, requested France to return Baartman's remains, which were then repatriated to the Gamtoos Valley, her hometown, in 2002.The fascination, curiosity and lust for spectacle which defined the Hottentot Venus case, remains relevant for us today. Whether it is Andaman's Jarawas dancing before tourists or Orissa's tribals being showcased at an upmarket fair, these incidents raise troubling questions about what lies behind human tourism or tribal exhibitionism. Do tribals get to decide whether or not they want to perform before strangers perennially in search of grand spectacles?According to sociologist Nandini Sundar, \"There is agency in the sense that people act. But they do not act under conditions of their own choosing. This is borne out by examples of child labourers, sex workers and so on. The point however is not whether such work is voluntary or not - but the connotations attached to people being seen as exhibits. What are the values that these people derive from such work and what kind of control do they have over the processes. After all, the maharajas of Rajasthan and the queen of England are also exhibits - but they exercise control in how they are portrayed; and what their compensation for this should be in monetary terms.\"The problematic display of \"others\" created \"human zoos\" back in the 19th century. These public exhibits, euphemistically called ethnological expositions , accentuated differences between Europeans and non-European people. Some of these situated indigenous people , particularly Africans, somewhere between the great apes and people of European descent. This went hand in hand with theories of the ladder of civilisation that ranked cultures across the world hierarchically. Little wonder that these projections were often decried as racist and degrading.Similar outrage recently broke out over the Jarawa videotapes.\"No tribal provides entertainment to outsiders freely. They are compelled one way or the other,\" says anthropologist JJ Roy Burman. Countering the oft-repeated argument that tribal fairs propagate tribal culture, Burman says, \"Tribal fairs are usually held by themselves in rural areas. In cities they happen due to operators. They are very artificial. Tribal cultures are not for sale. The Hornbill Festival in Nagaland is one which is organised by the state and tribes join it as a matter of reinforcing their identities - both tribes and outsiders love to watch it. There are more tribals watching it and taking pride in the performance of their respective tribes. Tribal festivals in cities however are meant more for the consumption of non-tribal viewers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11855727", "title": "Teacher murder triggers discussion on students' behaviourial patterns", "text": "JAIPUR: The gruesome incident of a Class VIII student stabbing his teacher in Chennai has triggered a serious discussion among principals, psychologists and sociologists on finding ways to monitor the rapid change in behavioural pattern among students.So far in Rajasthan, there were hardly any major case of students attacking teachers though there were many incidents of aggressive behaviour by the former. Sociologists have termed the rising aggressive behaviour as the outcome of rapid social change creating a gap between levels of aspirations and realities.Rajiv Gupta, a professor and head of sociology department in the Rajasthan University who has studied many cases involving students and teachers, remarked that a section of the students, influenced by the new age media, aspires to attain success with minimum efforts.He found that teachers are projected as a subordinate unit by parents and society leading to confusion among students who refuse to seek their opinions. In most cases of verbal spat between teachers and students, the latter have showed disregard or been disobedient with their teachers.\"The situation tends to lose control when the stakeholders put in place correcting measures. Even teachers and parents turn a blind eye on the changing behaviour of their students and wards,\" Gupta said.Agrees psychologist S S Nathawat, who further explains that a sense of freedom and liberation with the advent of social media and changing dynamics of society have reduced parenting and fear of action. The aftereffects of this situation are evident from the indiscplinary acts in schools, outside and home.Nathawat suggested that every school should have a trained counselor to primarily focus on reducing any sort of stress , counseling issues related to family, career guidance and work throughout the year. Gupta advised that the institutes should also have committees involving all major stakeholders including students, parents and teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11854784", "title": "Embezzlement, graft FIR filed against GU VC after court order", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Working on orders of city sessions judge of special Anti-corruption Bureau (ACB) court on Friday, Gujarat University police station took complaint of misappropriation of funds and graft against Gujarat University vice-chancellor Parimal Trivedi. Police are yet to start investigation in the case as on Saturday evening.According to GU officials, the court order came after Dr Pradeep Prajapati, former senate member of the Gujarat University, filed a petition against Trivedi, Minesh Shah, in-charge registrar of GU and Vaishali Padhiyar, development officer for GU and proprietors of Wilson Print City Pvt Ltd in the case.\"As per Prajapati's complaint, the first three accused conspired with Wilson Print and embezzled the funds of Gujarat University between 2006 and 2010. Prajapati has mentioned that as a senate member he collected the evidences when he got suspicious of the administrative malpractices.He has accused Trivedi of favouritism while awarding contracts related to printing of answer sheets for university examinations, favouring specific banks for handling the university's funds and giving free rein to the colleges to collect fees from the seats that were not originally approved by the university authorities,\" said a Gujarat University police official.When contacted, Prajapati told TOI that city police did not take his complaint when he approached them on April 10, 2011.\"I had to contact senior police officials. When even then I could not get justice, I approached the court after which the complaint has been registered,\" he said.D R Vadher, the inspector of Gujarat University police station, was not available for comment.Charges against Dr TrivediPrinting of excessive answer books for university exams: As per the complaint, during annual exams of 2007-08, the university ordered printing of 35 lakh answer sheets against requirement of 25 lakh. The complaint also mentions that the decision to award the contract to Wilson Press was taken without taking into consideration the tender process where other presses had quoted less price.The complaint also mentions that the paper quality and size of the answer sheet did not also match with the tender issued by GU.Premature withdrawal of bank deposits and its reallocation: The university authorities withdrew the existing bank fixed deposits before its maturity date after paying 1 per cent of the amount as penalty. It took place despite the banks in question offered 11 per cent interest on the existing deposits and waiver of penalty. The funds were then reallocated to various banks having varied rates of interest that are less than 11 per cent.Misappropriation of development fund: Every year, the colleges affiliated to the Gujarat University were supposed to pay Rs 5 lakh towards university development fund. Under Trivedi's time, such funds were not collected from the colleges.Permission to raise student limit per class: As per the university notification, the colleges affiliated are not supposed to take more than 60 students per class in professional courses. If the colleges are found flouting the rule, they can be penalized heavily. However, in last few years, all the colleges have taken more than 100 students against the prescribed limit and all the excessive seats were converted into payment seats. The university did not gain anything from the move as the colleges did not pay the required penalty or fees.Missing financial records and award of contracts: There are no or missing records of all the fee receipts collected by various colleges over a period of years, raising suspicion of misappropriation by the college authorities and university officials. The complaint also mentions award of contracts for construction and reconstruction of university buildings without following rigorous tender process along with appointment of security agency for the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11855103", "title": "Housing board official smells a rat in flat sale", "text": "PATNA: Just within a week, the Supreme Court (SC) order on the 2G spectrum case found its echo in the state when Bihar State Housing Cooperative Federation (BSHCF) administrator C K Anil sought permission from higher authorities to lodge an FIR against former BSHCF chairman Vijay Kumar Mishra for wrongfully allotting a flat of the housing federation in Udaigiri Apartment at a price lower than the current market rate. Anil detected the flaw when he noticed the application of the allottee filed in accordance with the first-come-first-served policy.If the permission to lodge an FIR against Mishra is given by Anil's immediate higher authority - the registrar of the cooperative department, then it would cause a huge embarrassment to the ruling NDA government led by CM Nitish Kumar since Mishra is currently a BJP MLA from the Jale assembly constituency in Darbhanga district. Incidentally, he has the distinction of having served as the chairman of the BSHCF for 18 long years during his three stints - 1977-86, 1988-89 and 2003-2011.Mishra's third stint was from May 2003 to October 2011. The flat in question, numbered 401, was sold to one Anita Gupta (co Pradeep Gupta) on January 30, 2008 during the third stint of Mishra for a sum of Rs 14.64 lakh even as its price had been fixed at Rs 15.30 lakh. No auction was done in this regard.Anil has cited three paragraphs (69, 72 and 76) of the Supreme Court order in the 2G spectrum scam case which said that there was \"fundamental flaw\" in the first-come-first-served policy, and after thorough reasoning, also ordered the cancellation of 122 telecom licences.As far back as 1997, after the resolution of a case, BSHCF had been awarded 11 flats in the 13-storey Udaigiri Apartment that is located on the Buddha Marg facing Patna Museum. BSHFC sold six of the 11 flats to the income-tax department, four others to private persons on the basis of nomination, and the eleventh one (flat number 103) was auctioned recently against a sum of Rs 52.57 lakh.A senior official of the cooperatives department said on the condition of anonymity that the department, indeed, had received Anil's request letter for permission to lodge an FIR against Mishra. \"The matter would be discussed with the principal secretary, who is out of station. In any case, it would be inquired into. The statement of all the concerned persons would be taken into account before reaching any conclusion,\" he said.As regards the citing of the Supreme Court order by Anil, the senior cooperative department official said that it was a \"universal matter\" that is actually adhered to.Mishra said there was nothing extraordinary in the points raised with regard to the sale of the flat concerned. \"I am ready to face any probe or inquiry. We had taken the sale value of the six flats to the I-T department as the benchmark. Moreover, BSHCF, under Anil as administrator, had demanded Rs 65,248 from Guptas, but the matter of under-pricing of the flat was not raised then.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11861454", "title": "Kerala\u2019s temple with gold treasure vies with Golden Temple for tourists", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The tourist attraction of the Golden Temple in Punjab now has a competitor in Kerala's gold treasure- rich Padmanabhaswamy temple whose treasure has been assessed to be 90 trillion rupees.\"The discovery of the treasure has attracted global attention and such are the crowds that locals have not been able to have a glimpse of lord Padmanabhaswamy,\" Suresh Kumar, deputy director of the Kerala Tourism, told The Times of India.An average 30,000 pilgrims have been coming daily to the Padmanabha temple including Punjabis and foreigners since even local channels of Europe ran stories on the treasure of the temple found in its secret cellars under the supervision of the Supreme Court, he said.The interest in Kerala from the region with its proud presence of the Golden Temple post the treasure discovery has increased so much that around 100 tour operators from Punjab have joined hands with their counterparts in Kerala during a partnership submit facilitated by Kerala Tourism on Thursday.\"The response this year was surprising as during the last three years, such summits did not find many takers,\" he said.Another reason for a renewed interest in Kerala may be due to recession in Europe and value of Indian currency falling.The falling interest in Europe seems to have generated a renewed interest in Kerala which is also an economy based on remittances like Punjab which has 2.5 million NRIs, mostly in Europe and America.Suresh Kumar said the domestic promotion of tourism has followed a large number of Keralites also returning to backwaters due to global economic slowdown.Tourism in Kerala has generated 10 lakh jobs and Rs 19037 crore of revenue from around 93 lakh tourists excluding 3.5 crore for Sabrimala temple alone. As many as 7.5 lakh foreign tourists have contributed Rs 3797 crore worth of revenue in foreign exchange. Around 25% of foreign visitors are from England alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11854841", "title": "Gujarat University to monitor fee, courses of colleges", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University (GU) syndicate on Saturday appointed an inquiry committee which will take a detailed note of different diploma and short-term courses run by the institutes recognized by the university. The committee will especially compare the number of seats and fee approved by the university and the number of students admitted and fee charged by the colleges in order to find out the discrepancy.The nod for the committee was given by the syndicate members in a meeting held on Saturday. The issue was raised by syndicate member Manish Doshi who claimed that he had received numerous complaints where the colleges admitted more students than permitted by the GU and charged fee as per their whims and fancy.Taking a serious note of this issue, the syndicate formed the committee which will first document the various courses run by the colleges and then carry out surprise checks. \"Colleges found to be violating the permission of GU in terms of either charging more fee or admitting more students will face action by the authorities,\" said a GU official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11855059", "title": "Idols found from housing plot near Dharmapuri", "text": "COIMBATORE: Idols of Lord Ranganathar and Hanuman discovered from a house plot in Mulvadi village near Pennagaram in Dharmapuri village on Friday would be handed over to archeological department to ascertain their antiquity. These were found when the land was being dug up to lay the foundation of a house.Pennagaram tehsildar C Planisamy told TOI that he personally visited the village on Saturday to see the idols. They were handed over to Dharmapuri museum in the evening. A team of archeology experts would reach Dharmapuri on Sunday to conduct carbon tests and other relevant studies. A report would be available in 10 days, after which the idols would be displayed for public viewing, he said.A large crowd had gathered in Mulvadi on Friday evening after news spread about the discovery of the idols. The plot is owned by N Duraisamy, a bus conductor in Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation in Chennai, who is building a house in the plot. Construction workers, who were laying the foundation, found the idols at a depth of four feet. The reclining figure of Ranganathar is about five feet long while the Hanuman stood at two feet.Locals arranged special pujas to mark the discovery. At least half a dozen such discoveries have been made in Dharmapuri and Krishnagiri in the recent past, said Palanisamy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11854660", "title": "Parulekar gets first of four NCP-allotted tickets", "text": "PANAJI: NCP senior vice-president Suresh Parulekar edged out NCP vice-president Trajano D'Mello for the Saligao ticket, becoming the only candidate finalized out of four constituencies allotted to the NCP in its pre-poll alliance with the Congress.Parulekar filed his nomination as the official NCP candidate for Saligao while D'Mello promptly filed as an independent from Saligao.The NCP now has to finalize their candidates in Mapusa, Porvorim and Mayem. While there is an internal debate within the NCP over finalizing its candidates in Mapusa and Porvorim, there is a tussle with the Congress over Mayem. The NCP never wanted Mayem whereas the Congress were forcing Mayem on the NCP with either of two candidates--Ravi Naik's son Roy and Panaji councillor Rudresh Chodankar. Chodankar is backed by a powerful troika of Vishwajeet Rane, Atanasio Monserrate and Pandurang Madkaikar.Apprehending that the rejected candidate will contest as independent, split votes and lose the seat, the NCP has told the Congress to keep that \"headache\" for themselves. Senior NCP sources said that Congress is now passing on another of their \"headaches\" to the NCP--Canacona. In short, the Congress wants the NCP to take Canacona with Vijay Pai Khot as the candidate. That has not gone down too well with the NCP high command. NCP sources said their high command is deliberating on the Canacona conundrum as well as the candidates for Mapusa and Porvorim and will resolve the matter by Sunday morning.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11854716", "title": "Valentine's Day arrives a little early for Amdavadis", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Amdavadis can't wait till February 14. Since the Valentine's Day falls on a weekday, residents have started their themed parties and special get-togethers, which are now being held over the weekend.Besides, Amdavadis are at their creative best when it comes to parties, with themes such as 'Share a drink with your wife', 'Devils and nymphs', 'Bake a cake for your soul mate', and 'Share a pie with your spouse', among others. Many couples are to dine with their friends at these exclusive gatherings.Monal Shah, a designer, who has organized a themed get-together at her residence on Sunday evening, says, \"The idea is to celebrate Valentine's over the weekend and create happy memories that we can cherish forever.\"\"Now-a-days, sharing drinks with friends has become common,\" says Anand Thakkar, a businessman, who invited his friends to a theme party of Share a Drink with Your Wife on Saturday. \"During this special evening where the couple shares a glass and drink the combinations that they both like to make for each other.\"During the weekend, some are also exploring 'sundown eves', a new trend of partying where friends spend time together from evening high tea until midnight supper. Maulik Shah, a businessman, who has invited friends for a sundown eve at his farm on Sunday, says, \"It is a fresh party trend and I am excited to host this meet to celebrate pre-Valentine's weekend this time.\"The V-Day celebrations are going to be a lengthy affair for some. While many are to celebrate the special day during the weekend, there are some who prefer to stick to the date and have the scheduled date on Tuesday. \"We are to party with friends over pre-Valentine's weekend, but February 14 is a special date for us and we would spend it only in each other's company,\" says Mansi Parikh.Forget a chocolate bar; be ready to get drenched in chocolate and strawberriesShe likes strawberry and cream, he loves to bathe in dark chocolate. This latest Valentine's gifting fad includes flavoured baths and cosmetic beauty treatment packages. \"I want her to relax and feel beautiful,\" says Malav Dave who has booked strawberry and cream body scrub and spa for his spouse on Tuesday. \"I would be busy working while I want her to relax on that special day,\" he says.In today's fast paced, many of us seldom get time to relax and rejuvenate. While some partners like Dave have grabbed this Valentine's Day as an occasion to gift their partner opportunity to unwind, relax and feel special.Rose, chocolates, fashion accessories are always in but there are newer ways of making your mate happy. \"The logic here is to make the life partner happy and buying cosmo-plans and rejuvenating baths is one of the novel ways to do it,\" says Tanvi Godiawala-Shah, owner of spa, who offers Valentine luxury gift packages to attract couples.Similarly, Arpan Sandinlya, a nutrition expert and a fitness counselor, says, \"We have couples who have booked tummy tucking sessions, thigh reduction or hip reduction massage and therapy packages for their mates to inspire them for a make over. This gesture is a way to express love and care for the partner.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11854483", "title": "Nagpur will be developed on lines of Singapore: CM", "text": "NAGPUR: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has assured people that the city would be developed on the lines of Singapore if the Congress-led alliance was elected to power in the NMC elections. Releasing the joint manifesto of Congress-NCP-RPI-Lokmanch on Saturday, he said that the BJP-Sena led alliances would be thrown out of power not only in Nagpur but also in Mumbai, Thane and Nashik.\"For the first time we have struck a pre-poll alliance with the NCP and other like-minded parties with a specific objective of checking communal forces in the state. Saffron parties like Shiv Sena and BJP would now find their days numbered in the state as they will be thrown out of power in civic bodies. This will be possible as secular vote would now remain intact. In 2007 because of division of this vote, the BJP-led alliance got control in NMC,\" he said.\"During five years of the BJP rule in the NMC, people have suffered a lot and I am sure they will vote for Congress-led alliance in the elections,\" said Chavan. He said that the BJP-led alliance had indulged in several irregularities in implementation of the 24x7 water supply system and the city transport (Starbus). \"We have already initiated an inquiry into the Starbus contract and will now look into the water supply scheme as well,\" said Chavan.\"I deplore the BJP in the strongest words for using my name and picture in their advertisement and grossly violating the election code of conduct,\" the chief minister said while replying to reporters questions after manifesto release at the Devadia Congress Bhavan. Denying that he had ever praised the execution of the scheme by the BJP-controlled NMC, he said he had already complained about it to the state election commission and sought freezing of the BJP election symbol of 'lotus'.While Chavan mentioned 'Singapore' as model for city's development, the manifesto itself has no such reference, But it promises a clean, healthy city with adequate water supply, good civic schools, playgrounds and well-maintained gardens, good roads and overbridges where needed. \"The 24x7 water scheme 'imposed by the BJP' may be scrapped if that is what the people want. We may recast it by giving unlimited water in areas on demand, but at the old rates,\" the manifesto states. Street lighting and greenery would get priority, it added.Replying to reporters' queries, Chavan ridiculed remarks made against him by Bal Thackeray in 'Saamna' editorial. \"You can't expect anything constructive from the Sena supremo. Though he is my elder, it is well known that he cannot be trusted with matters related to development and constructive politics,\" said Chavan.Asked about the trouble in party ticket allotment, he said that the Congress workers were so sure that the party will win civic elections this time that everyone wants to be part of the victorious team. \"Now things have settled down and under leadership of Vilas Muttemwar we are confident of winning here,\" the chief minister added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11862333", "title": "Five children of a family killed in fire", "text": "THANE: Five siblings, including an infant, were charred to death in a fire at their hutment in a slum in Bhiwandi area here, police said today.The victims were asleep when their hut in a slum at Sahayog Nagar caught fire apparently due to short circuit last night, police said.After hearing the screams of the family members, their neighbours rushed to the spot and took the injured to a local hospital.While four children, identified as Priya (12), Nitin (7), Preeti (5) and seven-month-old baby Nitesh died yesterday, their 10-year-old sister Riya died in the hospital today.The mother, Sonkali Mohanlal Gupta, also sustained severe burn injuries and has been admitted to Thane civic hospital.The children's father was was not at home when the fire broke out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11854757", "title": "Rape case slapped against boyfriend", "text": "PANAJI: With medical examination revealing that there is evidence of vaginal penetration, a rape case has been registered against the boyfriend of a minor girl who had gone missing from her home in Panaji. The girl, 16, resurfaced after five days and informed her mother that she had been hiding at the residence of her 17-year-old boyfriend (the police press note on Friday had stated that the boy was 18).The medical examination report on the minor states: 'On physical and genital examination, there is evidence of blunt force vaginal penetration.' The minor was sent for medical examination on Friday. Vaginal swabs have been preserved for serological examination. \"On receiving the medical report on Saturday, we lodged a rape case against her boyfriend,\" police said.The girl, meanwhile, has refused to return home and the Panaji police have lodged her at the state run home, Apna Ghar. The minor in her statement to the police has said that she doesn't want to return home as her mother beats her, said police. \"The mother is upset that her daughter is in a relationship with the accused boy and wants them to break up. However, the girl claims that they have been together since the last four years and she loves him,\" said police.The girl's mother had complained that between February 4 and 9, the accused boyfriend induced her minor daughter to leave her house and kept her in his custody at his home. The police said that the girl's mother approached them on February 9. The family tried to trace the girl, who had gone missing from their residence at about 7pm on February 4.The police first lodged a missing complaint. During the inquiry they learned that the girl, who studies at a school in Taleigao, was friendly with the boy and sent summons to the boy's residence asking him to come to the police station. \"The girl returned home soon after the summons were sent,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11855084", "title": "Some assailants are from Hyderabad: UK cops", "text": "HYDERABAD: The brother of the Indian student who was stabbed in London on Friday, Jaya Shankar Reddy, said, \"The London Police informed us about the arrests in connection with the bid on Praveen's (victim's) life,\" he said. \"We were told that some of the assailants are from Hyderabad.\" The attack came days before Praveen was scheduled to return to Hyderabad on February 17 to attend his brother's wedding.London's metropolitan police headquarters Scotland Yard said 11 people were arrested in connection with the attack but seven of them were later released. \"Seven have been bailed until future dates. Detectives from Newham Borough are investigating,\" said a statement. \"Police called at 08.23 on Friday, 10 February to Newham General Hospital after a man (Praveen) in his 20s was admitted suffering from stab wounds.\" It said the man is believed to have sustained injuries at an address in Kent Street, E13.London's Indian High Commission officials have been in touch with Scotland Yard and with doctors at Royal London Hospital where Praveen is admitted. The doctors have asked the family to rush to London. \"The hospital sent a mail informing that the victim's parents should be there (for consent) before they perform any surgery,\" said Jaya Shankar.External affairs minister S M Krishna spoke to Praveen's father, Sudhakar Reddy, and assured him help in facilitating visas. The attack is the third such assault on Indians in the UK since December last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11863402", "title": "Airline pilot refuses to fly critically ill child", "text": "MANGALORE: Inhuman treatment by pilot of a private airline forced Ramlath, a Kasargod based housewife to take her seriously ill child for further treatment to NIMHANS, Bangalore in an ICU ambulance by road here on Sunday.Doctors at a private hospital where Abdul Hadi, the 1-1/2 year-old-child of Ramlath and Ibrahim, was admitted with high fever had suggested that the child be immediately shifted to NIMHANS as the child's condition was critical.Ziauddin Ahmed of Hidaya Foundation, Mangalore which was liaisoning with the family and the airliner to shift Abdul Hadi to Bangalore told TOI that the pilot of Bangalore-bound Kingfisher flight refused to accommodate the child with the oxygen cylinder on board the flight citing the airlines rules. \"The parent (Ramlath) through me had obtained necessary permission from Kingfisher authorities and produced medical certificates,\" he noted.Ziauddin said although the airline authorities had agreed to allow the ailing baby to travel as per the doctor's request, the pilot stood his ground. \"The airline later refunded the ticket amount and we returned to the hospital on advise from the doctor keeping in mind the child's safety,\" he said. The airline even suggested that they could get the child accommodated on board flight of another airline scheduled to depart for Bangalore later in the day, he said.Stating that the doctor advised it could prove risky for the child if necessary clearances from the authorities of the second airline to fly the critically ill child got delayed; Ziauddin said a decision was taken to shift it using an fully equipped ICU ambulance. \"The child along with Ramlath and her brother Mohammad Hashim left for Bangalore by road later in the day,\" Ziauddin said adding that the stand taken by the pilot was unfortunate and inhuman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11863932", "title": "Students display model of futuristic runway to ensure safe and easy landing of aircrafts", "text": "KANPUR: It has been rightly said that necessity is the mother of invention. Keeping this adage true, the students of Thakur Institute of Aviation, Mumbai had put on display a model of a futuristic runway during Techkriti, the annual technical fest of IIT-Kanpur which concluded on January 31.Nilesh Rai, Anuj Chauhan and Sanjay Singh, the BTech students had made a model of the runway which does not require any external power source for operating instead it generates power from the day to day activities that happens on the runway.Nilesh Rai, one of the members of the student team while explaining about the project had said, \"We meet power requirements at runway by using the innovation like Peizo electricity, electromagnet induction, solar energy and biogas plant.\"When asked what is meant by Peizo electricity, Nilesh replied that its a panel which generates electricity.\"So we are going to install these panels in the runway so that when the aircraft lands on the runways it generates electricity which can then be stored and used for runway lightinings and other commercial uses. By doing this we make use of the vibrations generated by the aircraft which were wasted earlier. Also these panels are virtually maintenance free\", said Nilesh Rai further while explaining about how the runway gets power.He also explained that they are using electro magnetic induction. So when the peizo panel converts the pressure into electricity at the same time the electromagnets convert the vibration into electricity.Anuj Chauhan, the other member of the student team explained that now the next power source in our project is the introduction of biogas plant, which converts the human waste into electric energy and also releases the hot methane gas which will heat the water and that water will be passed below the runway through the pipes. By doing so we will ensure that there is no ice formation on the runway, said he further.Anuj Also mentioned that this idea was liked by the IIT-Kanpur professors.Sanjay Singh, the third team member brought out that we are making use of solar panels to convert the heat energy of the sun to useful form of energy. By doing so we are using all that energy that was generally wasted.Also we are minimising the chances of blackout to zero at the airport.The Btech students informed that the basic problem on the runway is engine damage due to the suction of the foreign object damage. To tackle this we have installed metal detector on the runway so whenever there is a metal object on the runway, it makes a buzzer like sound which alerts the runway watchmen and the runway is cleared from objects.Nilesh Rai, the student team member said that the second problem on the runway is that of the birdhits. For this purpose we have used a grass named Avanex which makes the bird fall sick and repel from the airportsCurrently this grass is used on runways of New Zealand. Also this eliminates the work of the gunman assigned for the work of killing the birds on the runawayNow we have also installed the infrared lights for better security system, so when a person tries to come on the runway through the back side or from anywhere he will interrupt the lights and a security alarm will blow up, said Rai further.\"Now in winter season when fog is very high, we have designed a system which will blow hot water and clear the fog when aircraft goes for taxing and towing. Now for the surveillance part we haven't installed the normal cameras. We have made quadrocopter, which has a camera installed on it and also it has a range of complete 360 degree and also has a fire and smoke alarm for the indication of fire. So in this way we will make the runways the safest and the best of all times\", said Anuj Chauhan, the BTech student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11855054", "title": "Techie in woman's dress found dead", "text": "PATNA: In a bizarre case of suspected suicide, a 25-year-old man wearing a 'salwar' suit and sporting 'alta' on his feet and forehead, was found dead in a room of a hotel on Station Road in Patna on Saturday morning.Police found an identity card from his person on the basis of which he was identified as Hari Shankar A Mehta, a first-year student of Pune's Imperial College of Engineering and Research and a native of Bihariganj in Madhepura district.Hotel manager Ajit Kumar said he checked in the hotel around 5.35am on Friday, mentioning his name as Hari Om Kumar, father's name as A K Mehta and address as Ramnagar (Purnia) in the hotel register.Wearing jeans and shirt at that time, he showed voter ID card as proof of identity and described his visit to Patna as \"personal\", the hotel manager said and added he came out of his room only once throughout the day.The manager on Friday night inquired from the youth if he would check out on Saturday. He answered in the negative and ordered his meal. He was last seen around 10.30pm when the room service staff cleaned his room after he had his dinner.Around 10am on Saturday, a housekeeping employee reached the room but the youth did not respond to knocks on the door. The employee called his colleague and the duo reached for the ventilator. \"They saw the youth sleeping in an awkward manner, froth coming out of his mouth. We immediately informed the Kotwali police station,\" the manager said. The hotel employees said they never saw the guest in a woman's attire while serving him. His head was tonsured and a wig was found in his hand when he was found dead. Police also found a 'dupatta' in his bag.According to DSP (law &amp; order) L M Sharma, the deceased's family members, Bihariganj natives who currently stay at Ramnagar, were informed about the incident.Kotwali SHO Aman Kumar said it prima facie appeared to be a case of suicide. However, any suicide note was not found in the room.The deceased's cousin, who works for a private firm in Patna and resides at Langer Toli in the city, told police Mehta was on way to Pune from Purnia. The body was sent to PMCH for autopsy. \"We will wait for the autopsy report to know the exact cause of the death,\" a police officer said and added the mystery behind the deceased's dress would be clear after investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11855489", "title": "'PCMC saw rise in corruption in 5 yrs'", "text": "PUNE: Charging that there has been massive corruption in the last five years in the Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation (PCMC) where the NCP enjoyed a majority, leaders of the BJP-Shiv Sena-RPI alliance on Friday said it was up to the voters to put an end to the corruption.Shiv Sena leader and spokesperson Neelam Gorhe, MP Gajanan Babar, Shreerang Barne, BJP city unit leader Eknath Pawar and RPI leader Chandrakanta Sonkamble were present on the occasion.Releasing a 'report', the leaders claimed that as per their estimates, the financial irregularities were to the tune of over Rs 12,000 crores. They alleged that financial irregularities have taken place in projects such as slum rehabilitation, marking of floodlines, granting of transferrable development rights, city centre project, change in land reservations, housing schemes, massive cost escalation in major projects and change in rules for bus rapid transit system.Reacting to the accusations, Azam Pansare, president, Pimpri Chinchwad unit of NCP, said, \"The allegations are baseless. A large number of development projects have been completed in the past five years and many are still in progress. The PCMC received the best city award from the union government, so the opposition should accept that development has taken place in the city.\"The report contains pictures of damaged manhole covers on roads, people standing in the open in the absence of bus shelters on Pune-Mumbai highway and other roads, big potholes in the grade separator on the Pune-Mumbai highway, bad roads at Kudalwadi chowk, water being supplied through tankers and overflowing garbage bins. The leaders questioned how a city with so many problems can be adjudged as the best city in the country.\"The work on the Pavana dam-Nigdi water pipeline has been stopped due to the opposition from parties. If it was completed, then the PCMC would have received water sufficient for 2.5 months. There would not have been a shortage, nor the need for water tankers. The water charges of PCMC are the lowest in the state. The civic body has provided good homes to slum dwellers at a very less cost\", Pansare said.For Civic PollsPune: Charging that there has been massive corruption in the last five years in the Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation where the NCP had a sweeping majority, leaders of the BJP-Shiv Sena-RPI alliance on Friday said that it is now for the voters to put an end to this corruption.Releasing a report on Friday, the leaders claimed that as per their estimates, the financial irregularities were to the tune of over Rs 12,000 crores. Shiv Sena leader and spokesperson Neelam Gorhe, MP Gajanan Babar, Shreerang Barne, BJP city unit leader Eknath Pawar and RPI leader Chandrakanta Sonkamble, alleged that the financial irregularities have taken place in projects like slum rehabilitation, marking of floodlines, grant of transferrable development rights, city centre project, change in land reservations, housing schemes, massive cost escalation in major projects, and change in rules for bus rapid transit system.The report contains pictures of damaged manhole covers on roads, people standing in the open in absence of bus shelters on Pune-Mumbai highway and other roads, big potholes in the grade separator on the Pune-Mumbai highway, bad roads at Kudalwadi chowk, people being supplied water through tankers and overflowing garbage bins. The leaders questioned how a city with so many problems can be adjudged as the best city in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11863861", "title": "Bright sunny weather gives respite to localities", "text": "KANPUR: Kanpurites finally got some respite from the cold weather after four days, as the weather was pleasant on Sunday.The sunny afternoon raised the maximum temperature to 23.6 degrees Celsius. The minimum temperature recorded on Sunday was 6.3 degree Celsius.Even the humidity showed fluctuations, with 91 percent in morning and 37 percent in afternoon.The bright afternoon was appreciated all the more as it came after a chilling week.According to weather scientists of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology, both the maximum and minimum temperatures will rise from Monday.\"The minimum will hover around 10 to 14 degrees Celsius while maximum temperature will again touch the mark of 25 to 27 degrees in the days to come,\" said CB Singh, weather scientist at CSA.The weather experts have predicted clear sky with a thin layer of mist in the morning and evenings. The afternoon will remain sunny.Meanwhile, as the industrial city had been experiencing intense cold conditions in the beginning of the month, with the minimum and maximum temperatures staying below normal, the city doctors are advising citizens to opt for preventive measures from this fluctuating weather trends.\"As the temperatures fluctuate between the day and night, make sure that your kid wear appropriate clothes to suit them as it gets chilly at night, it would be sensible on your part to cover them adequately to keep warm\", suggests Dr RP Singh, child specialist at Lala Lajpat Rai hospital.The experts further added that there are many ways in which one can prevent the onset of these symptoms. One should eat healthy, rest properly and also do some exercise that keeps body fit. Also try to get some exposure to sunlight during the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11854294", "title": "No movies on Feb 23 as cinemas to shut", "text": "MADURAI: Movie buffs hoping for a silver screen outing on February 23 might have to reschedule their programmes. Theatre owners in Madurai have decided not to screen films on the day, as part of a nationwide strike call given by the Film Federation of India, protesting against the introduction of a 10.3 per cent service tax for exhibitors by the Centre from this fiscal.Theatre owners, already reeling under heavy pressure due to various factors like poor audience turnout, rising costs of film exhibiting and power cuts, say the service tax would completely make the industry unviable.\"We are already paying 30 per cent entertainment tax to the state government. Besides, we pay income tax, property tax, urban land tax as well as various other charges to the civic bodies. Now, the Centre has introduced service tax on the collection we make. The tax is irrational as we do not offer any service at all. This is only a trade industry. Just like a trader buying soap from the manufacturer and selling it, we buy films from distributors and screen them for a ticket fare,\" fumed R M Annamalai, president of the Tamil Nadu Theatre Owner's Association.The theatre industry is facing the heat from poor turnout of viewers due to factors such as mushrooming of satellite channels, pirated VCDs, high maintenance costs and power cuts. \"The expenditure to run a show is the same irrespective of the number of people viewing it. We are already finding it difficult to make ends meet. In Madurai, there were over 50 theatres, but now we have just 25. Across the state, there are just 1,300 theatres in place of 2,800 a few years ago,\" Annamalai said.Theatre owners demand that the Centre come forward with schemes to protect the industry rather than tax them, which would ultimately force more theatre to shut down. \"The 30 per cent entertainment tax and the 10 per cent service tax would leave us with no remuneration. Worse, we would be running at a loss,\" said a theatre owner.Theatre owners point out that the Centre wants them to pay the service tax from the collection they make. \"However, we cannot pass on this increased expenditure on to the viewers by hiking ticket rates. Revenue officials will not permit us to do so. Ultimately, we will have to shell out the money,\" said a theatre owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11855481", "title": "Can't afford BJP's 'vulgar culture': Pawar", "text": "PUNE: In a scathing attack on the BJP, the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) president Sharad Pawar on Saturday said Pune cannot afford BJP's \"vulgar culture\" (ashlil sanskruti) and voters should reject BJP-Sena candidates in the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) elections to protect the city's ethos.In Gokhalenagar for his first public meeting for the February 16 civic polls, Pawar came down heavily on BJP over the issue of the three Karnataka ministers who resigned following allegations that they watched porn inside the state assembly.\"BJP has always claimed that it was the party with a difference. Yes, they have proved they are different. Three of the BJP ministers in Karnataka were watching objectionable videos on mobile when the assembly was discussing people's problems. In my 45 years of parliamentary life I have never witnessed something like this. When the BJP-Sena candidates come to you asking for votes, tell them that we cannot afford their porn culture in Pune\".\"We should keep out the BJP and Shiv Sena from the PMC as our mothers and sisters live in this city. Do not vote for people with such mentality,\" Pawar said.Elaborating his party's plan for the city, Pawar said the city is growing and two sections in this city need special attention - senior citizens and women. \"If we get full power in corporation, we will ensure that senior citizens get special attention. They will be granted concession in PMPML bus fare and medical treatment in hospitals. We plan to provide clean public toilets for women. We will also prepare a plan to cater to the development of the city for the next 50 years,\" said the NCP chief.Pawar said the NCP, which is the main ruling party in PMC, could not execute several infrastructure projects as its alliance partner had a different view point on some key projects. \"Voters should give us absolute majority so that we will be able to execute projects, such as the metro rail, and redress issues pertaining to public transport and affordable housing\".Senior NCP leaders Chhagan Bhujbal and Arun Gujrathi also addressed the meeting.Pawar ridicules Congress claim on water transportSharad Pawar ridiculed the Congress party's manifesto, which promises water transport services in Pune, and took a dig at chief minister Prithivraj Chavan for supporting the idea. \"My friend said Pune will have water transport.I was amused with the announcement.Do we have enough water in the dams? Today Raj Thackeray is addressing public rally in river basin and they (Congress) are talking about providing water transport to the citizens. We do not want to assure you some amazing project that is impossible to execute. We have promised only those works that can be actually done,\" said Pawar.Taking a dig at MP Suresh Kalmadi , Pawar said, \"I am campaigning here after a long time. The last time I had come here was to campaign for Suresh Kalmadi. I did not know then that in future I will go a long way (to Tihar jail) to meet the MP.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11855408", "title": "'Cong's vote-bank politics will backfire': Javadekar", "text": "PUNE: Coming down heavily on the Congress party, BJP spokesperson Prakash Javadekar on Saturday said the party leaders were playing divisive and dirty politics over the Batla House encounter. \"This dirty vote-bank politics will boomerang on them,\" Javadekar said.Addressing a news conference in the city ahead of the civic polls scheduled on February 16, Javadekar said, \"I condemn union law minister Salman Khurshid's recent statement that Sonia Gandhi had tears in her eyes when she saw the photos of terrorists who were shot dead. It seems that the Congress party has tears for terrorists, but not for the innocent people of our country who were killed by the terrorists\".\"It is unimaginable that the Congress could degrade to such a level to gain votes\", he said.Javadekar further criticized Khurshid for his remarks on minority sub-quota. \"The election commissioner has expressed displeasure over Khursid's 9% minority sub-quota promise.It seems even if Khurshid is holding law ministry, he is ready to break the laws to gain votes\", Javadekar said.The BJP leader demanded the resignation of former chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh from the union cabinet, over the alleged misuse of his position in allotment of land in Mumbai. \"The Bombay high court has passed serious strictures against Deshmukh for allotting 20 acres by misusing his position when he was the chief minister. Taking moral responsibility of his act, Deshmukh, who is now a minister in the union government, should immediately resign from his post\", Javadekar said, adding that land grabbing was the motto of Congress leaders, Deshmukh's case being the latest exampleJavadekar expressed confidence of securing a clear majority in Pune. \"The citizens here are fed up with the NCP and the Congress rule. Both parties have done nothing in the last 20 years for Pune's development. People will vote in favor of the BJP-Shiv Sena-RPI alliance\", said Javadekar.Reacting to CM Prithviraj Chavan's statement that the Congress was open to the idea of a post poll alliance with the NCP in Pune, Javadekar said, \"It seems Chavan has accepted the defeat of his party even before the election\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11855525", "title": "NCP, Cong to be blamed for poor infrastructure: Raj", "text": "PUNE: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray on Saturday squarely blamed the Congress and the Nationalist Congress Patry (NCP) for the poor infrastructural facilities, including the poor public transport service, bad river management and lack of machinery to curb rampant illegal construction, in Pune.Addressing a public rally ahead of the civic polls, Thackeray said despite being in power in the state and in the PMC, the NCP has failed to bring development in the city. \"They do not have any moral right to remain in power. The time has come to defeat the NCP and Congress candidates who has more interest in land grabbing than in the development of the city\", said Thackeray.\"The city is expanding and needs a better public transport system. BRTS is a big failure since the project was taken for implementation in 2006. This is inviting more and more private vehicles on city roads leading to congestion. The state of Mutha river is pathetic. According to a survey, it is among the most polluted rivers in the country. Hills in the city are encroached upon by illegal slums. There is no Development Plan (DP) for the city since the last 20 years. The city has failed to have better infrastructure because of NCP and Congress,\" said Thackeray.\"Similar situation can be witnessed across all big cities in the state. If a state like Gujarat can implement the development agenda effectively, why is Maharashtra failing to do so. It is because the NCP-Congress rule in the state is not attentive to issues\", said Thackeray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11855724", "title": "Panchkula schools try short-film way", "text": "PANCHKULA: The recent incident of a 12-year-old hanging himself in Delhi after seeing a crime-based documentary and a 15-year-old stabbing his teacher to death in a classroom in Chennai have led Panchkula schools to think of ways to deal with psychology of kids and their parents.Short-tenure documentaries to improve the state of mind of kids and their psychology are being shown to the kids. Some schools have chalked out a compulsory 45-minute period for life skills and values for kids.\"If we teach them verbally, they wont be able to understand the real meaning behind it. Hence, short films are an effective method,\" said director of Gurukool School, Sector 20, Panchkula, Sanjay Thareja. He added, \"We have films for parents too which can be screened for them before the result day, so that they don't react in a weird manner with the kids.\"Students are made to fill workbooks after film screenings. This helps them to understand the essence of the documentary better, said the director. \"This Chennai incident has woken us up to the need of including counseling for kids in the curriculum. There is a lot of aggression in kids these days and it needs to be dealt with responsibly,\" said Krit Serai, principal of Satluj Public School, Sector 4, Panchkula. \"Parents should appreciate even small achievements of their kids,\" Serai added.Jaya Bhardwaj, principal of Hansraj Public school, Sector 6, Panchkula, said her school has a life skills club where kids and teachers interact and have a peer educative talk. \"At school, kids are at a very sensitive age and if psychological problems are not dealt with seriously, it may cause problems for students and parents,\" said Bhardwaj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11856118", "title": "BJP ups the heat on Vilasrao", "text": "Four days before Mumbai goes to the polls, the state's opposition turned up the pressure on former chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh, who was flayed by the Bombay high court for his role in the land deal involving Subhash Ghai's Mukta Arts in Film City. The BJP state unit on Saturday demanded that the Union science and technology minister lose his ministerial post. \"If he doesn't go on his own, then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh must sack him,\" said state BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar.\"It is a clear case of misuse of office since there is never a need for the CM to personally sign such an agreement,\" he said.Mungantiwar said the Congress high command has been shielding Deshmukh despite one fiasco after another. The BJP said if the minister isn't sacked it would approach the President for permission to file a case against Deshmukh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11854819", "title": "When speech is not a barrier", "text": "KOCHI: While celebrities and their lesser-known classmates flooded the courtyards of Maharaja's College for the mega alumni meet, a few kilometres away, the Lions Club Community Hall was witnessing a get together of a different kind.For the former students of Dr Mukundan Memorial Speech and Hearing Centre, Kadavanthara, it was not a mere gathering of old friends, but a revisit to the place where their 20-year-old friendship began.Their impaired speech was no barrier for Ponnu, Reenu and Gopika as the three exchanged news, shared old memories, and reminisced about the invaluable care and support their teachers gave them. \"When they were kids, we were very concerned about them as they found it difficult to talk and mingle with other kids. But it was the support and care of teachers and friends that made them reach where they are now,\" said Jessy Thomas, mother of Ponnu. The meet was attended by about 50 former students and their family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11856353", "title": "For many art lovers, it's back to the old school", "text": "In the razzmatazz of the success of modern Indian art in the past one decade, there is one story that got left by the way side. That's the story of Bengal Art, the school that gave birth to modern Indian art more than a century before it went bullish.Bengal Art has remained in the shadows due to multiple reasons, but all that may just be changing. There is a surge in interest in it right now with three exhibitions and a book talking about it. One of the best illustrated books on the subject , The Art of Bengal, has just been released by the Delhi Art Gallery with a show in the capital covering nearly two centuries of the Bengal School through 200 works; it will open at the Harrington Street Arts Centre in Kolkata in April. The National Gallery of Modern Art is then hosting a retrospective of one of the school's stalwarts, Ram Kinkar Baij (1906-1980 ), and Apparao Galleries has launched a retrospective of the school's later outcrop, Paris-based Sakti Burman, at the Lalit Kala Akademi, New Delhi. That will travel to Jehangir Art Gallery, Mumbai, in March and Victoria Memorial Hall, Kolkata, in April-May .The beginnings of the Bengal School can be traced to the arrival of European painters in the state in the late 18th century. Local artists couldn't remain unaffected by the techniques introduced by these painters, giving birth to an interesting fusion. However , within a century, the school started questioning western influences and aligned itself with national political activity in the subcontinent. Abanindranath Tagore (1871-1951 ) laid the foundation of this national school, triggering a modern Indian art idiom. It's a different story, though, that the Progressive Artists Group in Mumbai, featuring names like FN Souza, MF Husain and SH Raza, was to reject the ideals of this school as they took modern Indian art to the next level. Kishore Singh, who headed Delhi Art Gallery's Bengal Art project, analyses the reasons for the overshadowing of the Bengal School by the Progressives. \"When Calcutta ceased to be the capital of India, everything , including art, experienced a loss of patronage. The centre of art shifted to Bombay which had big money, collectors and critics,\" he says. Though some of the Bengal masters like Jamini Roy, Nandlal Bose and Rabindranath Tagore continue to be hot on the auction circuit, the school never matched the fame and price tags of the Progressives. Sonal Singh of Christie's South Asian Modern and Contemporary Art department, reasons, \"As many Bengal artists are national treasures, their works are non-exportable and those sold internationally are from western collections of the 30s and 40s.\" The market availability of high quality Bengal Art, therefore, has been rare. Kolkata's reluctance, apparent or otherwise , to take the lead in promoting the Bengal School is also an interesting cog in the story. Even though the school's influence spread far beyond Bengal, it was, after all, born and nurtured in this city. Art commentator Ina Puri says, \"Though some initiatives have been taken in Kolkata, there is general sluggishness . What more can you say when a book on the celebrated photographer Nemai Ghosh is brought out by Delhi's Art Alive gallery, and another on Kolkata's Raj Bhavan (which Puri edited) is also published in Delhi?\" Sanjoy Mallik, associate professor in the department of history of art, Kala Bhavan, Viswa Bharti (Santiniketan), adds that it is a reflection of the changed economic situation of the country. \"Delhi and Mumbai are far more in tandem with global changes which reflects in the art they promote.\" With discerning collectors having their fill of the Progressives, experts feel that they should turn to Bengal Art next and give it its due in the market place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11854939", "title": "Rare genetic fusion caused Indian superbug", "text": "NEW DELHI: A \"highly rare genetic fusion\" between two previously-known antibiotic-resistant genes gave birth to the dangerous Indian superbug metallo-beta-lactamase, NDM1.This fusion also gave NDM1 the power to easily jump between various species of bacteria at superfast speed and consequently making them drug resistant too.British scientists, who first reported the NDM1 last year, have now found through genetic DNA studies that NDM1 - by jumping between bacteria strains - can make several diseases they cause in humans, resistant to known antibiotics.The latest study published in the medical journal, \"Antimicrobial Agents andChemotherapy\", also dismisses the argument that the superbug NDM1 has been in the environment for many years.The study's lead author Dr Mark Toleman from the University of Cardiff said \"We now know that NDM1 got created very recently and any ideas that suggest it is found everywhere and has been around for ever are baseless.\"He added, \"Usually the DNA of such genes change frequently. However, in NDM1 we saw no such change, hence it has recently been created. It may have originated from a bacterium in the environment that didn't harm humans. After the fusion, it started jumping from one bacterium to another making several diseases caused by them resistant to drugs. It spreads mostly through fecal oral route. It's a rare fusion event that gave birth to NDM1.\"The team says that when they first reported the existence of the NDM1, it was isolated only in E Coli.Now, it has jumped to over 20 different species of bacteria. The latest study says, \"This is unequivocal evidence that NDM1 is a chimera.\" A chimera is a single organism that is composed of two or more different populations of genetically distinct cells originating from different entities.Dr M C Misra, chief of the AIIMS Trauma Centre said that a stringent policy of sale and purchase of antibiotics and its usage in hospital setting is the need of the hour.The study adds, \"Carbapenems are potent antibiotics that are reserved for life threatening bacterial infections. However, their effectiveness is increasingly compromised by resistance. The NDM1 was unknown before 2008 and we have previously shown that it is widely disseminated in the UK and South Asia. We have also identified NDM1 genes in a broad range of bacteria isolated from the environment in New Delhi including the serious pathogens Shigella boydii and Vibrio cholerae. Possession of NDM1 confers resistance to all classes of antibiotics like penicillin, cephalosporin and carbapenem.\"The scientists after testing Delhi's water supply had earlier said that NDM1 gene had spread to the bacteria that caused cholera and dysentery in the country.The scientists had said the NDM gene was present in Delhi's public water supply used by locals for drinking, washing and preparing their food. Initially, it was thought to be hospital-acquired. Scientists made another important finding - the transfer rate (rate at which the NDM-1 gene is copied and transferred between different bacteria) was highest at 30\u00b0C - a temperature common in Delhi for almost seven months in a year, from April to October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "narasaraopet", "code": "11856472", "title": "Special buses for Mahasivaratri", "text": "NARASARAOPET: APSRTC will ply as many as 750 special buses to various Shiva temples on the occasion of Mahasivaratri, which falls on February 20. Buses will be available to famous hill shrine Kotappakonda. RTC regional manager P V Ramarao said on Saturday that around 550 buses will ply to Kotappakonda alone while special services will also operate for temples at Govada, Srisailam, Satrasala and Amaravathi. He said the special buses would operate from the early hours of Saturday and continue till Monday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11849767", "title": "Kunal Khemu\u2019s leaked lovemaking video goes viral", "text": "Actor Kunal Khemu and Mia's scene from Vishesh Films and Viacom18's forthcoming film Blood Money has been generating a lot of buzz even before the film hits theatres.Grans from a leaked video are creating a lot of noise online.A lovemaking scene between the two actors that surely makes a hot watch is now making rounds on the Internet.Kunal, whose career hasn't taken off despite hits such as Kalyug and Traffic Signal still has to make a mark in the industry.The actor seems to be raking in more publicity with relationship with Soha Ali Khan . In his last interview, Kunal dodged reports about a marriage in 2012 and a possible live-in relationship by saying he will not move in with Soha.\"He feels that any wedding buzz will shift the focus from his work to his personal life. He doesn't want that happening. Soha agrees and wants to support him in every way possible,\" a source revealed.Seems like, Soha and Kunal are happy to wait!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-12"}
