{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12118420", "title": "Illegal mining: CAG slams deputy commissioners", "text": "GURGAON: A CAG report has slammed successive deputy commissioners of Gurgaon and forest department for \"inadequate monitoring\" which led to illegal mining in Aravallis, particularly between January 2006 and September 2009.\"The monitoring committee headed by deputy commissioner, Gurgaon, had not reported any case of violation of the Environment (Protection) Act 1986,\" revealed a report by the supreme audit institution.\"However, in three districts of the Aravali area, 35 cases of illegal mining in nine villages of the Aravali hills involving damage of natural resources worth Rs 1.39 crore were noticed between January 2006 to September 2009 by divisional forest officers of Gurgaon, Mewat and Mahendergarh. Out of the above, three cases related to illegal operation of stone crushers in a 12,000-sq-metre area involving damage worth Rs 1.20 crore in the Aravali area in Naurangpur (Gurgaon district),\" reads the report that was tabled in the state assembly recently.The damage reports were filed in September 2009 by the divisional forest officer (DFO), Gurgaon for violation of the Indian Forest Act, 1927, and Forest (Conservation) Act, 1980. These cases were pending in the environment court in August 2011. \"Adequate monitoring was not done by the department or deputy commissioner, Gurgaon, to protect forest resources,\" concluded the report.According to the report, the ministry of environment and forests in November 1999 desired to take protective measures by constituting an expert committee under the chairmanship of the secretary, department of environment, and a monitoring committee under the chairmanship of the deputy commissioner to report such violations.The government was to prepare a master plan for development of the area integrating environmental concerns and keeping in view the future land use of the area and finally publish the same within two years of the date of issue of the notification in November, 1999. Although the government constituted both committees in November 2011, it did not prepare the master plan for development of the area, as expected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12118679", "title": "Overbridge to come up at cost of 60 trees", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Around 60 trees on the road from KC Theatre to Taj Chandigarh in Sector 17 will be now chopped off, as UT has given permission to fell these for municipal corporationa??s project to construct overbridge on this particular stretch to ease increasing traffic.The bridge was conceptualized by French architect Le Corbusier in his original plan for the sector. Though chopping off 60 trees in the city is matter of concern, authorities have confirmed that they will compensate these by planning more in some other part of the city.According to information, forest department of UT and horticulture wing of MC have conducted inspection of all trees on that stretch and after that UT adviser K K Sharma visited the spot and gave formal approval for felling of trees.Confirming the development MC chief engineer S S Bidda said, a??We have got the approval from Chandigarh administration on chopping of the trees and will compensate it by planting more sapling in various parts of the city.a??Giving the details an official said soon a committee will be formed to give contract of felling of all trees. The MC had completed all formalities and even allotted the work of construction around three months ago, but due to trees, the matter was sent to higher authorities of UT.According to initial design of the project, the entire span of the bridge would be around 850 feet, out of which both inclining part would be around 245 feet each. The length of bridge would be around 352 feet. The width of the bridge will be around 58 feet and it will have two underway roads, which will be mainly used by two-wheelers, bicycle, rickshaws etc. Earlier, the project was passed and even work was also allotted to the private company around two months back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12119053", "title": "Journalists condemn attack on their counterparts in Bangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: Journalists, photo journalists and cameramen of various TV channels held a protest in front of the deputy commissioner's office here on Friday to condemn the attack on journalists by lawyers in Bangalore.Journalists demanded that the lawyers, who damaged vehicles and attacked journalists, police and students in Bangalore should be booked under appropriate laws.Dakshina Kannada District Working Journalists Association submitted a memorandum to chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda through deputy commissioner N S Channappa Gowda condemning the attack in Bangalore.Association president PB Harish Rai stated in the memorandum that the state government should take steps to arrest the accused and to take action against them immediately.The government also should ensure protection for all journalists working across the state, he added.\"It is condemnable that lawyers in Bangalore took law into their hands in a democratic set up. If the government does not act sternly, there are possibilities that such instances will continue in the state. Journalists should be allowed to work in a free atmosphere ,\" Rai urged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12116377", "title": "Tank rams wall, soldier killed", "text": "CHENNAI: A 28-year-old jawan, B Harish of Arakkonam, was killed at the Combat Vehicle Research and Development Establishment (CVRDE) in Avadi on Friday morning when a T-90 tank he was commanding hit a garage wall. The accident occurred at 9.15am.While Harish was declared dead at the military hospital on the CVRDE premises, driver R Senthilkumar (28) of Virudhunagar and B Prem Chand (33) of Avadi, who was in the gunner's seat, were admitted to the government general hospital in Chennai with injuries.Police said the three had taken the 20-year-old Russian-made tank for a trial-run at the regular track made of heavy rocks after mechanics found that its battery was holding up the power back-up. When the vehicle was passing through the garage, the left lever got stuck. The driver lost control and the tank hit against a wall, bringing it down. The tank was going at the maximum speed of 30 km/hr.\"The concrete fell on Harish, who was sitting on top of the tank. Driver Senthilkumar and jawan Prem Chand suffered minor injuries,\" a police officer said. The tank had been kept in CVRDE for research and development purposes.Based on the complaint of the officer commanding, Lieutent Colonel NM Sharma, the Avadi Tank police registered a case under IPC Section 304 (ii) (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) against Senthilkumar.Army sources said a tank crew comprised a driver, guide and gunner. The driver in the cockpit is assisted by a guide in the commander's seat that juts out of the vehicle on the left side. There is no steering wheel and the vehicle is operated by shifting the left and right levers.The CVRDE has at least 30 tanks of many models. The tanks, kept inside 2,400 sq ft garages with 50-ft-high compound walls, are regularly taken for test-rides by the assigned drivers to keep them in condition.The jawans also test-drive proto-type vehicles produced in the CVRDE, which is the flagship laboratory of the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) involved in the development of armoured fighting vehicles and tanks. The CVRDE lab aims to develop a 155 mm self-propelled artillery variant of the Arjun that has been labelled Bhima (T-90). The project is in the process of a technical evaluation to procure technology for the battle-field.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12119524", "title": "Special court breather for Chauhan", "text": "BHOPAL: A special court here on Friday declined the application of NIA seeking further custody of Kamal Chauhan, a disgruntled RSS worker arrested by the investigation agency, in connection with the Samjhauta Express blast. Sending Chauhan to judicial custody, the court posted the case for further hearing till March 7.The NIA contended, in the in-camera proceedings, that Chauhan had revealed \"certain facts\" which further need to be investigated.The NIA told the court that Chauhan had travelled under fictitious names from Indore to Delhi and was also involved in planting bombs on the train, CBI prosecutors R K Handa and Rajan Malhotra told reporters outside the court.The investigating agency also apprised the court that Chauhan had given Rs 1 lakh to another accused in the case, who is still absconding, Handa said.Chauhan on previous hearings had told reporters outside the court premises that, \"he knows nothing about Aseemanand.\"However, on February 14, Chauhan had admitted before media that he had planted bombs on board Samjhauta Express in 2007 that left 68 people, mostly Pakistanis, dead.Aseemanand too had told media that he did not know Chauhan.Showing no remorse at the previous hearing on February 14, Chauhan had told media that \"Yes, I have done it (planting bombs on the train) on my will.\"The NIA had alleged that Indore-based Chauhan had planted bombs on board Samjhauta Express and had undergone training in arms and explosives in Haryana and Madhya Pradesh.Investigations had so far revealed that Chauhan, along with Ramchandra Kalasangra alias Ramji and Lokesh Sharma, also charged in the case, had planted the explosives in the train at Old Delhi, from where the train originates, the NIA had maintained.Chauhan, believed to be a close aide of Kalsangra and Sandeep Dange, key accused in the Samjhauta case, was arrested from Noida on Delhi's outskirts recently. Born in Mhow, he was an RSS activist. After a four-year probe, the NIA had on June 20, 2011, charged Aseemanand, Sunil Joshi (now dead), Lokesh Sharma, Dange alias Parmanand and Kalasangra for hatching a criminal conspiracy which resulted in blasts in Samjhauta Express near Deewana railway station in Haryana's Panipat district, about 80km from Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12108842", "title": "Mallika will be Laila", "text": "Mallika Sherawat started shooting for an item song called \"Laila Laila\" in Priyadarshan's \" Tezz\" on Wednesday (Feb 29).Mallika says she agreed to do the song at short notice because she shares a great relationship with the film's producer Ratan Jain. \"Ratanji has stood by me through thick and thin, so when he said he wanted me to do the song, it was my turn to support him. Also, my favourite actor Ajay and favourite choreographer Ganesh Acharya are part of it, so everything was perfect.\"Adds Mallika, \"The concept revolves around vampires and has me holding a heart in my hands. Ashley Rebello has styled me, and the video is raw and sensual.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12122036", "title": "Red rules in JNU students union polls, AISA bags top posts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jawaharlal Nehru University ( JNU) was painted red again with the ultra-Left All India Students Association today sweeping the students' union polls winning all the top four posts and majority of councillors' seats.AISA's Sucheta De, a PhD Geography student, trumped SFI-AISF combine's Ziko Dasgupta by a margin of 1,251 votes for the post of president. De won a whopping 2,102 votes while Gupta managed to garner only 751 votes.Abhishek Yadav was elected as the Vice President defeating his nearest rival by a margin of 620 while Ravi Prasad won the General Secretary post by a margin of 919 votes.Mohd Firoz is the new Joint Secretary. He defeated his nearest rival by 579 votes.As many as 123 candidates were in fray for the 30 seats, including the four top posts for the polls conducted after a gap of four years.Majority of the councillors' seat was also won by the AISA.The varsity has traditionally been a bastion of Leftist groups. Notably, the last student union, that was elected in 2007, was also dominated by AISA.The candidates this time had focused on struggle to restore the democratic process, the Lyngdoh committee recommendations and the need to reject them and a whole host of pent up issues of students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12120292", "title": "Punjab polls: As result day approaches, property market shows some movement", "text": "Jalandhar: With result day of the assembly elections drawing near, the property market has started witnessing some movement and rates have started rising after a prolonged phase of sluggishness in the last two-three years.According to realtors, they have started receiving inquiries from the buyers, mainly investors about the properties while earlier there were very few inquiries and fewer actual deals.After the polling day, the inquiries have started increasing in the market and higher rates are being quoted as compared to the earlier phase of sluggishness. Our group has started working on three commercial projects in Jalandhar while we were sitting silent even as properties had been purchased and clearances had been obtained long back,\" said Anil Chopra, a leading realtor of Jalandhar who is also chairman of the Punjab chapter of Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India ( CREDAI). He said that sale of flats at one of his projects in Ludhiana also increased in the last three weeks.Surinder Nayyar, a leading realtor of Ludhiana, revealed that in this city of industry not only the inquiries increased but rates were also spiralling up. \"The queries and the deals are mainly coming from the investors who expect an upward trend in the property business after political scene would stabilize after the election results,\" he said.Avinsh Chander, a resident of Paras Colony in Jalandhar, said that he witnessed a query from a property dealer who quoted a profit of Rs eight lakhs for his house, which they purchased just two months back.\"A relative of mine has been offered a profit of around Rs 1000 per square yard on his property a few days back while he was being offered a profit of just Rs 300 per square yard till a months back,\" said K S Kochhar of Ludhiana.However, Surinder Nayyar also sounded a note of caution stating that market was still speculative even as higher prices were quoted and actual trend would emerge after the results would be out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12118586", "title": "Mr Minister, is there a govt in state, asks high court judge", "text": "\"Is there a government in Karnataka? Whom is it protecting?\" A senior high court judge posed this question to home minister R Ashoka when he came to meet chief justice Vikramjit Sen on Friday evening.\"We asked Ashoka whether there is any government in the state or not. We also discussed law and order and security,\" Justice KL Manjunath told a group of advocates at the high court. He appealed to members of the legal fraternity to maintain calm. \"We had gone there (City Civil Court complex) and saw everything for ourselves. We discussed the matter with the chief justice. We also held discussions with the home minister when he came to meet the chief justice. We are with you. There is nothing to worry. Those of you who have lost vehicles and those who have suffered injuries can give us the details in writing. We will see what can be done,\" the judge told members of Advocates' Association of Bangalore. \"When we came to know about the developments at 1pm, we rushed to the City Civil Court complex, even skipping our lunch. We have spoken to the home minister and the DG&IG; . There is no need for anybody to fear. We should bear in mind that violence cannot be won by violence. We must have patience,'' Justice HN Nagamohan Das said.In Neighbouring High CourtAn uneasy calm prevailed in the high court even as the City Civil Court complex, just about 1km away, turned into a virtual battleground. Proceedings in the high court were normal though news about the turn of events at the civil court complex kept trickling in. Around noon, the HC registrar-general informed the chief justice about the deteriorating situation in the civil court complex.Twenty minutes later, the division bench headed by the chief justice rose for the day. A four-member team of judges, headed by Justice K Sreedhar Rao, administrative judge for the civil court, went to the hotspot for inspection. High court advocates, meanwhile, kept watching TV to know the latest developments. Rumours rent the air. There was talk of two advocates dying in police action, while some said 20 policemen had been locked up in a room. At 3.30pm, a group of advocates went around the court requesting judges to suspend proceedings. By then, many judges had finished off their daily list. Advocates complained about the media not portraying the sequence of events correctly. \"The channels repeatedly showed one of their personnel being attacked. However, they didn't show a single clipping of advocates being beaten up or manhandled,'' they alleged.No-Sitting Day TodayThe high court has issued a notification declaring Saturday as 'no-sitting day' for all courts functioning in Bangalore. \"In view of the incident, Saturday has been declared a no-sitting day for all courts functioning in the City Civil Court complex, CMM courts, Small Causes courts, Mayo Hall courts, industrial tribunals, labour courts, family courts and Bangalore Rural courts,\" the high court notification said.Pent-up anger exploded?A senior police official said Friday's turn of events is the result on '' an undercurrent of simmering anger among lawyers against the media that exploded violently'' . Advocates were reportedly upset with the bad publicity their seven-hour road blockade near Mysore Bank Circle in January had earned. In early February, a group of advocates attacked crew of a private TV channel that had gone near the local court premises to cover an event. After this, a journalists' association decided to boycott all events organized by the Advocates' Association of Bangalore till the lawyers apologized. '' When the media boycotted a recent press conference, a few lawyers warned journalists not to enter the court premises. But we hadn't taken it seriously. Police intelligence, too, failed as it should have anticipated that something could happen on Friday given that a strong media contingent would arrive at the court to cover Janardhana Reddy's appearance in the court,'' a journalist added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12123908", "title": "UP health scam: CBI arrests Babu Singh Kushwaha", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Saturday arrested former UP health minister Babu Singh Kushwaha from the NCR. He is one of the main accused in the multi-crore NRHM scam. He will be produced in court by 6PM.His arrest came after the final phase of polling ended in Uttar Pradesh.The CBI had registered five cases on January 2 against certain government and private sector officials, including one against Kushwaha alleging loss of about Rs 28 crore in implementing the centrally-sponsored scheme meant for 72 districts of Uttar Pradesh.Kushwaha, a BSP OBC leader of the state, was sacked by Mayawati following his alleged involvement in the multi-crore scam after which he joined the BJP .NRHM funds to the tune of about Rs 10,000 crore were allocated to Uttar Pradesh for the period 2005-06 till date by the Union health and family welfare ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12116603", "title": "Govt crackdown only to malign image: NGOs", "text": "CHENNAI: Following the crackdown on NGOs in Tamil Nadu , the Union home ministry froze the bank account of Tuticorin Diocese Association on February 20 for violating the Foreign Contribution (Regulation) Act. The account then had a balance of Rs 1 crore, said Father William Santhanam, rector and parish priest of the church of Our Lady of Snows, a centuries-old basilica in Tuticorin in south Tamil Nadu.Father Santhanam told TOI that the church had sent a revision petition under the FCRA to the ministry of home affairs. \"If there is no reply within 50 days, we will file a writ petition in the Madras high court,\" he said. The Tuticorin Diocese Association and the Tuticorin Multipurpose Society are among the four NGOs whose activities have come under the home ministry's scanner following allegations that funds received under various heads from foreign countries have been diverted for spurring protests against the Kudankulam nuclear power project.According to the home ministry website, the Tuticorin Diocese Association received Rs 3.60 crore from foreign countries during 2010-11 and the Tuticorin Multipurpose Society received Rs 2.44 crore in the same period. The bank account of Tuticorin Multipurpose Society has not been frozen, said Father Santhanam. \"Until February 29, the account of the multipurpose society was active and contribution under the FCRA was received,\" he added.Another NGO, Good Vision, whose account too has been frozen by the home ministry, claimed it has maintained a balance of only Rs 2,732 for the last two years and has not availed any foreign funds during that period. Good Vision founder Mano Thangaraj, a member of the political committee of People's Movement against Nuclear Energy (PMANE), spearheading the anti-nuclear protests and associated with the stir since 1988, said the government action was only to malign the good name of the organization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12117569", "title": "AAI asked to recover Rs 190 cr from flying clubs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four days after TOI exposed a largescale fraud by several flying schools around the country, the government on Friday suspended three Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) officials, including the number two of the aviation regulator.The TOI report, based on a detailed Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) investigation, had said that undue privileges granted to 28 flying schools had led to a loss of Rs 190 crore to the national exchequer.An official said civil aviation minister Ajit Singh on Friday ordered the suspension of three DGCA officials, including joint DG A K Saran.After reviewing the case dating back to 2007 which was probed by the CVC, Singh ordered suspension of Saran (who was then deputy DG) and two junior officials, Parveen Kumar and D S Sada. Singh has also ordered action, if rules permit, against retired officer Deepak Raina who at that time used to head the department handling flying schools.Officials said the minister has also asked Airports Authority of India (AAI) to recover Rs 190 crore from these flying clubs.The CVC probe found that these flying clubs had posed as registered societies, claiming to operate on no-profit no-loss basis, to not pay government full fees for operations. Most of these clubs claimed to be registered educational societies. This qualified them to pay only nominal fee of just 10% to the government, including parking fee, land charges etc.The investigation found that none of the 28 clubs was registered as a society, and only four of them operated on a no-profit no-loss basis. CVC also found that one flying club was even a non-schedule operator registered with DGCA since 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12118127", "title": "Babu gets black eye for not pushing file", "text": "NEW DELHI: Left with a three-day window to get projects cleared, MCD councillors have become jittery. As panic set in, deputy commissioner Kuldeep Singh Yadav and BSP councillor Praveen Gupta got into a scuffle on Friday.Yadav apparently refused to sign a file after a ward committee meeting. \"The DC misbehaved with him and asked him to get out of his office. Gupta lost his cool and hurled abuses at the DC,'' said Nisha Rani Mann, chairperson, Narela ward committee. Sources say Gupta slapped Yadav first.And before ward committee members could intervene, they had rained blows on each other.Later, both Gupta and Yadav were admitted at Raja Harish Chandra Hospital.Yadav said that Gupta had unveiled two statues last week without approval and that the estimate figures in the file were wrong. \"I refused to sign it and this didn't go down well with Gupta. He broke the glass of my table and punched me in the right eye. My vision is severely affected,'' he said. An FIR was lodged at Narela police station.Gupta, however, accused Yadav of taunting him. \"I requested him to clear my file. But he refused to sign and instead abused me. He said that we had no powers any longer as the code was to be implemented,'' he said. Elsewhere, things passed off peacefully but it was obvious that the shoe is now on the other foot. An official was heard telling a corporator that there was no need for him to get any file signed as his seat had been reserved for women - unless, of course, he went for a sex change surgery.The weekend is going to witness a flurry of activity as councillors make a last-ditch attempt to stay in the public eye to push their claim for that ticket with inaugurations and repair work.. \"In one day, I have signed 17 files for road repair,\" said an MCD official.\"There are over 35 proposals lined up for tomorrow's standing committee meeting,\" said chairman Yogender Chandolia, indicating how things are hotting up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "male", "code": "12121864", "title": "Maldives releases 11 Indian fishermen", "text": "MALE: Eleven Indian fishermen apprehended by Maldivian Navy for allegedly crossing the International Maritime Boundary Line have been released and handed over to the officials of the High Commission of India, police said on Saturday.All the fishermen, who were held at Haa Dhaal Atoll, Island of Kulhudhuffushi, were released and handed over to the high commission of India on Thursday, media official of Maldives Police Service Ahmed Shiyam said.The move followed a request from the Indian external affairs ministry for the fishermen's release.The fishermen from Kanyakumari district are expected to return home in a couple of days.They had put out to sea off the Kerala coast last week and were to return ashore on February 25. Due to a snag, their boat entered into the waters of Maldives.In view of the Indian government's request, the Maldivian officials have not filed any case against the fishermen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12117255", "title": "Speaker seeks parties\u2019 help for smooth session", "text": "RANCHI: Speaker C P Singh convened an all-party meeting at the assembly secretariat on Friday seeking cooperation of the legislative party leaders to ensure smooth conduct of question hour in the coming budget session beginning Monday. Following the request of opposition leaders, Singh directed the government to ensure that copies of the bill, expected to be tabled during the session, are circulated among the members at least seven days in advance.\"Except for special cases in which the government can come up with a bill at short notice of three days, all bills are to be sent to the members a week ago,\" Singh said specifying that under no circumstances bills should be circulated the same day it is being tabled. CPI-ML MLA Vinod Singh said the delay in circulating the bills by the government often led to ruckus in the house.He said when the members were handed over the copies, the same day they had no choice but to walk out of the proceedings because many were unwilling to support the bill blindly without their amendments being entertained. Seeking cooperation of the treasury and opposition benches in the smooth conduct of business, the speaker said the question hour between 11am and 12 noon must not be disrupted for any reason.\"I am ready to allow the members to raise any issue of importance during the zero hour but there should be a consensus on fruitful utility of the question hour.\" During the budget session beginning March 5 and ending on March 31, there will be 18 working days. Drawing attention to the members, Singh said efforts should be made to utilize the short session.On opposition complaints of short session being convened, the speaker mandated the business advisory committee (BAC) to discuss and suggest extending the tenure of the session. Singh also directed parliamentary affairs minister to issue directives to the department heads so that order sheet is circulated a day ahead of the session.\"A member must get a copy of the answer to his query by 5pm of the preceding date,\" he said asking the ministers to be careful while answering supplementary questions. \"Ministers should keep this in mind that before becoming ministers they were MLAs and their supplementary answers must satisfy the queries of the MLA,\" Singh said. Parliamentary affairs minister Hemlal Murmu agreed to adhere to the guidelines and said the debate on the CNT Act would be considered in the BAC meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12120393", "title": "'Dus' sequel in pipeline", "text": "For those who enjoyed Anubhav Sinha's 2005 sleeper-hit the global crime thriller Dus, there is news.Dus producer Nitin Manmohan has decided to make a sequel. However Dus 2 won't be directed by Sinha, but Samir Karnik. Apparently producer Nitin Manmohan who has been on the look-out for an appropriate director to make the Dus sequel broached the subject with Karnik when they were shooting Yamla Pagla Deewana, the film that Nitin Manmohan produced and Karnik directed.Says a source, \"Nitin wondered aloud now the Dus plot could be taken forward. Within five minute Karnik had a story idea.\"The fast-paced 2005 espionage thriller had starred Sanjay Dutt , Abhishek Bachchan , Suniel Shetty, Zayed Khan , Pankaj Kapoor and Shilpa Shetty.The sequel which begins shooting at year-end would have most of the original cast returning for an enthusiastic encore, barring obviously mother-to-be Shilpa Shetty who, we hear, will be replaced by Deepika Padukone , as the role requires a tall athletic actress who can do kickass stunts.Confirming his participation in Dus 2 director Samir Karnik says, \"Nitin Manmohan has asked me to make a sequel to Dus. I am very excited because the action thriller is a new genre for me.\"Interestingly a year after Dus, Anubhav Sihna was supposed to make a sequel entitled 11 . But Sinha couldn't crack a plot. Karnik also confirms that most of the earlier cast would be repeated in Dus 2. \"Otherwise, phir koi mazaa nahin hai sequel ka . Nowadays films are titled as sequels but have no bearing plot-wise and in terms of characterization to the earlier film.Then why call it a sequel? Dus 2 would be a bonafide sequel to Dus.\"About the other details for the sequel Karnik says, \"Right now I'm breathless trying to put the release of Char Din Ki Chandni in place. As soon as that's done Nitin Manmohan and I will finalize all the details of Dus 2.\"Interestingly Nitin Manmohan was the producer of the film called Dus in 1997 which was shelved after its director Mukul Anand died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12123066", "title": "'An item song is a girl's moving portfolio'", "text": "Ram Gopal Varma , who is by his own admission completely taken in by the looks of Nathalia Kaur nee Pinheiro, on the micro-blogging site twitter says that an item song is the best way for a girl to present herself in the film industry.He says, \"Many actresses I know shy away from doing item songs for fear of being typecast. But an item song for a girl is nothing but a moving portfolio.\"\"More than a still picture layout for a folio or magazine an item song will give more details like her dancing and expressing abilities,\" he says, adding, \"Only because I saw first hand how good Nathalia was in dancing and in her ability to emote in an item song did I see her potential as an actress.\"He added that he will be doing an action thriller romantic film starring Rana Daggubati and Nathalia Kaur. \"The shooting will start very soon,\" he says.RGV had earlier gushed about Nathalia saying, \"This combined with her ability on cue to give any expression that is asked of her is what I think will happen in only once in a decade and in this decade I think Nathalia is that girl.\"To sum it up, he said, \"In one line Nathalia doing the Dan Dan song in Department, is the sheer good fortune of Department.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "12119104", "title": "Kudgi thermal power plant in 52 months: NTPC", "text": "BIJAPUR: The state-owned power producer NTPC which has got the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) clearance for its Kudgi Super Thermal Power Project Stage-I (3x800 MW) being set up in Bijapur district will be set up within 52 months, said NTPC general manager Asim Kumar Samanta here on Friday.Samata said that over 3,000 jobs will be provided by NTPC.Two rounds of talks were held with farmers who own land at Kudagi, and all of them have agreed to part with their lands, he added. NTPC conducted two trips to their various plants where farmers were convinced.Land-levelling and fencing work is going on at the site in Kudagi village, he said and added that, NTPC is in talks with railway board officials over installation of a new railway line for transportation of coal to the Plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12118666", "title": "House panel puts onus on taxman to prove tax avoidance", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an important intervention, Parliament's finance standing committee has reversed the onus of proving that tax has not been evaded from the person or entity being assessed to the taxation officials in its proposals on the Direct Tax Code (DTC).While finalizing its draft on the DTC, the committee has seen merit in the criticism that the general anti-avoidance rules (GAAR) have been framed in a manner that is too sweeping and empowers tax authorities to intervene if they feel that the motive behind a transaction is to obtain a tax break or avoidance. As reported by TOI earlier, the committee has decided to recommend that exemption limit for personal income tax be raised from Rs 1.8 lakh to Rs 3 lakh.Tax benefits should be made available for life, health, and education up to Rs 1 lakh. Insurance incurred on dependent seniors, not just parents but also grandparents, to the extent of Rs 50,000 should also be given tax benefits.The panel also felt the senior citizen age be reduced from 65 to 60. Meanwehile , BJP said that it would supoort government on DTC.Committee sources said the GAAR provisions could apply to just about anyone, including a transaction like the controversial Vodafone-Hutchison merger where the Supreme Court recently set aside a Rs 11,000 crore tax demand on the ground that India lacked jurisdiction over a deal concluded in the tax haven of Cayman Islands.Committee felt provisions of DTC were skewed in favour of authorities while the assessee was disadvantaged as he was \"guilty unless proven innocent\". The panel has suggested that officials must prove that there is a case of avoidance and the assessee be allowed opportunities to argue his case.An independent body with one judicial and two technical members could hear arguments put forward by an assesee who has to be heard by the dealing officer as well. If his arguments are rejected and a notice is served for tax avoidance, the assessee will be free to approach a regular court.The draft report is also likely to suggest that the government fix a threshold to take up a tax avoidance case and also introduce strong checks to ensure that frivolous cases are not filed and assesses do not have to put up with undue harassment. The GAAR has attracted objections from several quarters although the government has argued that such rules are being implemented in several countries.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12119148", "title": "A day after attack, injured scribe dies in Rewa", "text": "BHOPAL: A 40-year-old journalist, who had sustained serious injuries in an attack by unidentified persons at Rewa on Thursday, succumbed to injuries while being shifted to a hospital in Jabalpur on Friday.Rajesh Mishra was brutally attacked by some unidentified persons in front of Rewa Zila Panchayat office on Thursday, the police said. Initially, he was admitted to a hospital at Rewa from where he was referred to a hospital at Jabalpur. However, he succumbed to injuries while being shifted to Jabalpur.His family members claimed that the scribe was receiving threat calls for the past one week and the matter had already been reported to the police, but no action was taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12117668", "title": "Assembly poll results will determine whether NDA will contest presidential polls: Nitin Gadkari", "text": "NEW DELHI: The assembly election results in five states on March 6 will decide, among things, whether opposition BJP puts up a candidate for the presidential polls coming up later this year.\"We will take a call after the poll results on whether BJP will put up an NDA contestant for the presidential elections, depending on the strength that we gather,\" BJP chief Nitin Gadkari told a group of women journalists on Friday when asked if the party will contest like it did last time with Bhairon Singh Shekhawat as the NDA candidate against Pratibha Patil.Gadkari, however, remained predictably evasive on the party naming a prime ministerial candidate ahead of the next Lok Sabha elections in 2014. He said the decision would be taken at an \"appropriate time\".\"There are a number of leaders and a decision will be taken at an appropriate time. Even Congress has not officially declared when and which candidate will be projected as the prime ministerial candidate,\" he said. \"When it is appropriate time, we will decide within a fraction of a second... We are all good faces,\" he replied when repeatedly asked whether BJP will go into the 2014 polls with a prime ministerial face or not.In his interaction with women journalists at the Indian Women's Press Corps (IWPC) here, Gadkari admitted that his party needed to \"rectify\" issues of concern in Karnataka and spoke in detail about the policy paralysis bedeviling the UPA government.\"In UP, where a lot of people had left the party, we had a situation to deal with, but the leaders have given it their all. Results are difficult to predict but I am very positive,\" he said, pointing out that the party benefited from the role played by Sanjay Joshi, Narendra Tomar and especially Uma Bharti.Gadkari said he had taken \"cognizance\" of MP Varun Gandhi's statement that BJP had 55 chief ministerial candidates in UP and maintained that such remarks were not good for the party. \"What he said was not right. I have been worried about party members' indulging in statements. I have taken cognizance of the incident,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12118677", "title": "City court gives verdict via video conferencing", "text": "KANPUR: Kanpur judiciary became first in the state which has recorded the statement of an accused in a murder case and delivered judgment via video conferencing on Friday. The achievement was obtained by additional district and sessions judge Avinash Saxena in a murder case styled as state v/s Sonu Singh alias Satyabhan Singh.The ADJ first recorded the statement of accused under Section 313 CrPC and thereafter delivered the judgment. The court acquitted accused Sonu Singh from murder charges for want of evidence but the case was recorded as first in the list of video conferencing judgments. Kaptan, a resident of Jargaon village in Sachendi had lodged a report that Sonu Singh had shot his father named as Chakotar dead following a tiff on May 19, 2011.Sonu brought his father's rifle and fired on Chakotar who died on the spot. During the trial, all the witnesses turned hostile and stated that a shot was mistakenly fired when Sonu was cleaning the gun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12123182", "title": "Bhagath all praise for Anwar Rasheed", "text": "Actor Bhagath Manuel is a happy man these days. The young actor, who is getting busy in M'wood, has just wrapped up his shoot for Anwar Rasheed's Ustad Hotel. And he is all praise for the director.\"I could learn a lot from him. He is a chilled out guy and is a lot of fun to be with. However, when it comes to work, Anwar is quite strict,\" says the actor. \"He is a perfectionist to the core and notices even the minute details.\"The two people Bhagath admire the most in the industry are Vineeth Sreenivasan and Anwar.\"They are passionate about movies and their work. They are a great inspiration,\" says the actor, who will soon start the shoot for Vineeth Sreenivasan's Thattathin Marayathu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12118747", "title": "Muslims hold key in final phase of UP polls", "text": "LUCKNOW: Muslims will play a key role in the final poll phase across 60 assembly constituencies covering Rohilkhand and parts of Terai.The phase will decide whether the Congress, which made unexpected gains in the 2009 LS elections, is able to keep up the tempo this time and emerge kingmaker in case of a hung assembly. For BSP, which swept the region in the 2007 assembly polls but performed poorly in 2009, it's a do-or-die situation. Though the SP lost some Muslim votes in 2007 and 2009, it managed to keep its tally intact. This time, there are indications that Muslims have rallied behind Mulayam. BJP expects to gain in the Muslim-dominated region if there's a polarisation of votes. RLD had allied with SP in 2007, with BJP in 2009 and this time it has tied up with Congress.The 10 districts going to the polls include Bijnor, Moradabad, Bheem Nagar, Rampur, Jyotibha Phule Nagar, Badaun, Bareilly, Pilibhit, Shahjahanpur and Lakhimpur Kheri. Muslims are 19-49% of the population in these districts. While in 16 constituencies the strength of the community is between 20% and 29%, in 31 seats, Muslims are 30% and above.This explains why BSP has fielded 25 Muslims in the belt, SP 24 and Congress-RLD front 21. Even BJP has given a ticket to its lone Muslim candidate, Shakil Ahmad Saifi, a 47-year-old mechanic and former BSP leader. He is contesting from Sahaswan in Badaun. The region has a high concentration of dalits ranging from 12.65% in Bareilly to 25.58% in Lakhimpur Kheri. Among other backward classes, jats, lodhs, kurmis and yadavs are also present in substantial numbers. Sensing strong anti-incumbency, BSP dropped 17 of its 27 MLAs. Those axed include five ministers. But they got tickets from other parties and are in the fray.Netas relaxMulayam Singh Yadav was a relaxed man on Friday. With campaigning over, the 72-year-old SP boss spent time with his family. Outside his Lucknow home, he was calm.\"Poora aaram toh ab chheh March ke baad hee karenge,'' he said. His son Akhilesh was at his Delhi residence. relaxing. But he met party workers and take stock. UPCC chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi watched films - Agneepath and Players.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12118439", "title": "We need to attract foreign students: Education minister", "text": "GURGAON: That the current educational system in the country needs an overhaul is acknowledged not just by the public sector, but the private players as well. Haryana's education department has just drafted an education master-plan focusing on information technology in school learning. And now at the International Summit on School and Higher Education , the three-day event which began in Gurgaon on Friday, it becomes clear how keen is the private sector to tap into the field of education.Organized by the Associated Chamber of Commerce and Industry and Bal Bharti Academy, the seminar, Concern 2012, is being attended by over 70 Indian and international educational institutes and consultants.Anchored on the subjects of the role of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) in education, and what the organizers are calling 'Come to India Program,' the summit is an attempt to attract more foreign students to the country.Talking to TOI, Maninder Singh Nayyar, who is the secretary of Bal Bharti Academy, said that the state has long neglected the private colleges and universities in India, while all the time lavishing subsidies on government institutes.\"Out of 20,000 colleges in this country, around 16,000 are private. So why shouldn't the help the private institutes develop their education quality and infrastructure? And yet, the support is hardly there,\" he said.The seminar will see around 20 representatives from foreign universities participating and there are 13 education consultants from countries like the UK, USA, and parts of Europe and Africa . \"We should attract more foreign students to the country. It's important to reverse the ongoing trend,\" Nayyar said. He added that foreign universities should only be encouraged to invest in India once the country's existing education structure is enhanced.Organizers also said that Gurgaon has great potential to be developed as an education hub if the government shows interest.\"Only Gurgaon or greater Noida can be developed along those lines, because there is so much of space for really world-class facilities,\" added Nayyar.The event is also an attempt on the part of the industry to make its presence felt in the education sphere. \"What we are aiming for is a concerted effort by the academy, the government, and the industry,\" said S S Chawla, senior director, ASSOCHAM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12118536", "title": "Good health at home", "text": "Yoga and wellness expert, Surakshit Goswami puts together a list of ancient cures that are proven and tested and easy to follow at homeA cure for painSoak two pods of garlic in water overnight. Cut and swallow them with a glass of fresh water to cure rheumatism. In case of aches and pains in your legs, massage the region below the calf and near the ankle when you have a bath. This will provide relief to the entire body. To get relief from migraine attacks, put 3-4 drops of ghee (prepared from cow's milk) into both your nostrils before going to bed at night. But don't use thick pillows and soft mattresses for sleeping, for it may cause pain in the backbone. To cure any ache in the body, lie in shavaasan and take a deep breath gradually. Direct pran vayu to the spot that is paining and imagine that it is being cured.Good for a healthy stomachEat a clove or a small piece of gur or jaggery to curb acidity.Don't have apples, fruit juice or milk on an empty stomach in the morning if you are suffering from gas. Add rock salt and powered dry ginger to buttermilk if you are suffering from dysentery or diarrhoea. Increase your intake of liquids on days when you fast. Refrain from eating heavy, difficultto-digest food like puri, parantha and kachauri to break your fast.Cure lifestyle diseasesGrind five basil leaves, five peppercorns, five neem leaves and five bael leaves and make globules out of them. Take these globules early in the morning on an empty stomach to control diabetes .You can keep high blood pressure under control by drinking lemon water 3-4 times a day.For skin diseasesPut a piece of camphor in coconut oil and place it in the sun for a while. Massage this oil on your body to get relief from eczema, dandruff and itching. It is also beneficial to boil 8-10 neem leaves in water and use that water for bathing.For cough and coldMake a powdered mixture of pepper, dry ginger, pipli or long pepper and liquorice, keeping the ingredients in equal proportion. Take a quarter spoon of this mixture with honey to cure cough and cold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12118640", "title": "22 more doctors join district health services", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The state health authorities have inducted 22 more doctors in the district. With this, the strength of doctors at the community health centers, primary health centers and new PHCs had increased to 191. Chief medical officer Ramesh Kumar Srivastava said earlier, 169 doctors were working at the 17 CHCs, five block PHCs and 68 new PHCs. A new PHC is set up in rural area where the population is 30,000 or above.However, the total sanctioned posts of doctors in all medical centers (only CHCs, PHCs and new PHCs) of the district is 226. The state health authorities have assured to fill the remaining posts at the earliest. The CMO said that a meeting of new doctors will be held on Saturday, where they would be apprised about the work and responsibilities of the health department.The new doctors would be encouraged to work in rural areas so that beneficial schemes could reach the needy people. The new doctors would join on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12117613", "title": "People throng police station over loudspeaker", "text": "VADODARA: Members of minority community on Friday thronged Karelibaug police station after policemen asked them to avoid playing loudspeakers at the mosque. The locals told the police that they have been following the ritual for years and no one has complained about it. The cops managed to convince the group and sent them back assuring co-operation.Trouble started when police got a call from someone in Karelibaug, complaining that the loudspeaker was creating disturbance. Some policemen reached the spot and asked the community members to not use loudspeakers while offering namaaz.\"It was a minor issue. The cops didn't know that the loudspeakers were being played from a mosque. They merely acted on the plaint and asked the locals to take permission from the police before playing loudspeakers,\" S M Varotariya, Karelibaug PI said. \"I talked to the people and assured them co-operation,\" he added. Members of Vadodara Sandhi Muslim Jamaat, Khatri Pole said the cops misbehaved with them and even threatened to put them behind the bars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12120813", "title": "Courting courtesans on canvas", "text": "For over four decades now, Pakistani artist Iqbal Hussain has been immortalizing that part of Lahore that his countrymen rather believe doesn't exist. He talks about the relationship he shares with the prostitutes of Hira Mandi.Iqbal Hussain was in the middle of a book launch, the English translation of French writer Claudine Le Tourneur d`lson's Hira Mandi, when we called him up for this interview. The book tells the story of Shanwaz Nadeem, son of a Hira Mandi courtesan, which is the real life story of this renowned and equally controversial Pakistani artist.Born to Nawab begum, a prostitute in Hira Mandi, since the time Hussain found his calling of canvas and colours, he has been immortalizing these \"taboos\" of this walled city that the government and the society want uprooted.A younger Hussain may have had his share of turmoil, \"coming to terms with the disturbing reality, and dealing with two different spaces, home and college,\" he admits. But the artist Iqbal Hussain feels very comfortable being \"a part of this community.\" If at all there's a sore, it's the betrayal his muses suffer. \"People use their body and discard them. No one wants to listen to their tragic stories,\" he grudges. Perhaps that's why Hussain is always more concerned with the stories of his models lives, rather than their physical attributes. We wonder what his models think of being unmasked to the whole wide word, or of adorning walls of prestigious galleries. \"Oh, their only concern is that I add a beauty spot to their portrait,\" he laughs.Hussain and the women who pose for him sing and dance, sit and drink together. \"There's banter, and also abuses. I share a healthy relationship with them,\" he says. However, with his mother, who passed away three years ago, it was a different story. \"Ours was an unusual relationship,\" he confesses. \"She was very quite, but caring. Though we hardly spoke, she'd always wait for me to home every day.\" He also misses his favourite model, Chanda, \"who's now gone to drugs,\" he rues.Another special woman in his life from the \"bazaar\" was his cousin Anwar bai, \"a very spiritual women, she supported us when we were very young.\" Later, his younger sister, Shagufta begum went to the bazaar to support him and his family. \"She paid for my education , and wanted to give me the best. She still doesn't know where I studied, but she always hoped I'd get myself a good job.\" Hussain's restaurant, Cucoo's Den, considered one of Lahore's best is in a way a gift to his younger sister and her four children. \"I don't take a penny it makes. It's divided among the members of her family.\" And the money his paintings make is used to help his models.A father of five daughters, Hussain who has received a lot of critical acclaim world over for his works, ironically says, he'd never encourage his girls to follow his path, \"They are free to follow there dreams, but not this. There's too much stigma attached to it,\" he says.saadia.dhailey@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "12116649", "title": "Meira calls for uplift of dalits", "text": "GUNTUR: Expressing anguish over dalits still remaining away from the mainstream of development in the country, Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar urged people's representatives to raise the issues of downtrodden in the legislatures so that governments could be motivated to make necessary plans to address the problem.Addressing a gathering after unveiling Babu Jagjivan Ram statue here on Friday, Meira Kumar said that it was unfortunate that atrocities against dalits were continuing across the country.\"I request the legislators to work for their overall development,\" she said. She said that a new piece of legislation should be enacted for giving more benefits to dalits.Meira Kumar later in the day laid the foundation stone for a railway under bridge to be constructed at a cost of Rs 8 crore. She said the World Bank had cleared a loan of Rs 580 crore for a drinking water project for Guntur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12118261", "title": "Talwars may be provided security", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aarushi Talwar's parents, Dr Rajesh and Dr Nupur, have run out of options with the Supreme Court rejecting their petition to shift the murder trial to a Delhi court. The couple will now attend the hearing in Ghaziabad on March 14 amid tight security. To rule out the possibility of another attack on them, only the CBI prosecution and the Talwars would be allowed inside the courtroom while the media and other persons would have to wait outside.As part of the security detail, Ghaziabad police will deploy at least 50 personnel, including two circle officers, at the court. Sources said the couple may be provided personal security to attend the trial.Ghaziabad police, who had countered the Talwars' plea in the Supreme Court with an affidavit, claim security is normal at the Ghaziabad court and they usually deploy enough personnel during CBI cases and other important hearings. Regarding the attack on Dr Rajesh Talwar by one Utsav Sharma in the court premises last year, they stated on affidavit that Sharma was not mentally sound, and law and order was not a daily problem in the court.\"The Talwars had never informed us that they faced a threat, and they never asked for security from us,\" said a Ghaziabad police officer.Senior superintendent of police Raghubir Lal said, \"After Utsav Sharma attacked Dr Talwar, we had increased the security in the court. There are metal detectors, enough personnel, and no unauthorised entry is allowed. We know the sensitivity of the case and there would be enough security\".The Talwars were named as accused in the double murder after CBI filed a closure report providing circumstantial evidence against them. The regular trial into the case has been pending for almost a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12120567", "title": "Engineering student 'commits suicide'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: An engineering student died after allegedly falling from the terrace of an under construction apartment in Khandagiri area here on Thursday.The deceased, Anil Kumar Jaisingh, was studying at a state-run engineering college here.But there is a mystery whether he committed suicide or was pushed from the eight-storied building.\"We are trying to find out the exact cause of the death. The body was sent for postmortem,\" a police officer said.Jaisingh of Badamba Narsinghpur in Cuttack was staying in the college hostel.\"We suspected that he chose the building to commit suicide. Still, we are inquiring into it,\" the police officer added.Labourers engaged at the construction site informed police after finding him in a pool of blood. \"He came in a motorcycle and went to the terrace. We thought he was an employee of the construction company,\" Gunjan Pradhan, a labourer said.\"He fell with a loud thud. We thought one of our colleagues has fallen down from the building. So we rushed to the site and shifted the engineering student to the hospital,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12118177", "title": "Richie rich South keeps coffers brimming", "text": "NEW DELHI: It is going to be the richest corporation after trifurcation. Fifty per cent of unified Municipal Corporation of Delhi's (MCD) property tax collection -Rs 1,100 crore - comes from areas which are now a part of South corporation. With 104 municipal wards, mostly upscale plotted areas, under its jurisdiction, South corporation will be more organized, say MCD officials.In all respects, it is going to be the best corporation, feel officials. Unlike North, South corporation has less than 10 rural wards and nearly 50 per cent urbanized villages.\"Majority of the area has plotted development. During Commonwealth Games, major infrastructure projects were planned in south Delhi. The biggest advantage is that the corporation will not face any financial problems,\" said Farhad Suri, former mayor and Congress councillor from Nizamuddin.With a large number of farmhouses and markets under its jurisdiction, the corporation has to focus on improving the parking situation. Though more than 15 parking projects have been planned by the unified MCD in this area, just two have been made functional so far. \"With all big markets in this area, parking is going to be a problem area. The new corporation will have to focus on drainage and illegal constructions as there are a lot of unauthorized colonies in the area. All the three corporations will have to coordinate with each other on issues like de-silting of drains,\" said Jagdish Mamgain, chairman, works committee, MCD.South corporation has been formed by merging Najafgarh, Central, South, City and West zones of MCD. \"Some portions of City and West zones are with North corporation. Development of Walled City will not be uniform since different areas fall under the jurisdiction of different corporations. Certain projects like the redevelopment of Walled City have to be reworked,\" said an MCD official. After working on the redevelopment project for nearly four years, MCD had submitted the plan to DDA last year.Sources say the corporation will get a new office in Dwarka. Its temporary headquarters are in Town Hall.The BJP - which has 65 wards under the present MCD - is carefully working on its election strategy, as South corporation has a high percentage of Punjabis, Jats and Gujjars. \"South has large parts of Najafgarh and west Delhi which are Congress strongholds. Retaining South is going to be a big challenge for us,'' said a BJP councillor. Because of trifurcation, there aren't many BJP heavyweights left in the area.The new corporation has to focus on areas like Badarpur, Chattarpur, Najafgarh and other peripheral areas where there has been little development. According to Amit Aggarwal, a resident of Vasant Kunj, \"The new corporation has to do a lot of work in villages. We are hoping that the parking situation will improve in the days to come.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12121288", "title": "International case study competition", "text": "MUMBAI: Schneider Electric, an international energy management firm, announced the launch of the second edition of 'Go Green in the City', where candidates will present case studies focusing on energy solutions for cities.Working in teams of two, with at least one woman in the team, students will devise viable solutions for energy management sectors critical to the city, such as home, university, retail, water and hospital. The best proposals should reconcile increased demand for energy, social progress and environmental protection.The challenge, that will take place in nine countries, will also allow Schneider Electric to identify and bond with the future talents of the Group. Open to more than 90 selected universities; it will touch around 270,000 students and will lead to around 200 internship interviews within Schneider Electric for the most creative participants. The 25 best teams will be flown to Paris in June 2012 to compete in the final. Furthermore, the two winners will be offered jobs. Fore more details visit www.gogreeninthecity.comCourtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12121201", "title": "Free Course by Massachusetts Institute of Technology", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT), US, has announced its first free electronics course to begin in March, which can be studied online. The course is designed to be fully automated, with successful students receiving a certificate. Study materials and the awarding of grades will be provided online. In its prototype stage, the online assessment will depend on an honour code in which home students will commit to honest behaviour. But in future, there will be mechanisms for checking identity and verifying work.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12121354", "title": "Maastricht University High Potential Scholarships", "text": "In an effort to encourage talented Indian students to pursue their Master's Degrees abroad, Maastricht University has announced 36 scholarships for students outside EC/EEA for the year 2012-2013.One of these scholarships is the Maastricht University High Potential scholarship, which covers the full amount of tuition fees, as well as living expenses, insurance and visa costs.Applicants must come from a country outside the EU/EEA, meet the requirements for obtaining an entry visa and residence permit for the Netherlands and must have obtained excellent results in their studies. Applicants must be admissible for a Master's programme or graduate programme for professionals at Maastricht University and must not be older than 35 years at the start of the academic year (September 1). They may apply simultaneously for a Master's programme and this scholarship.The High Potential scholarship is awarded for the duration of the Master's programme, with a maximum of 12 months. In case of a two-year Master's programme, the scholarship committee will award the scholarship for a maximum of 24 months.Amount of the High Potential scholarship programme Full Tuition fee waiver - 12,000 EUR Living expenses coverage - 900 EUR per month Insurance - 520 EUR Visa Costs - 600 EURStudents can visit www.maastrichtuniversity.nl/web/ServiceCentres/SSC/Scholarships1/FindYourScholarship1/MaastrichtUniversityHighPotentialScholarships1.htm to download the form. The form must be sent before March 1 to the contact person of Maastricht University. In addition, applicants from India have to send a second digital copy of their application by e-mail to the Maastricht Education &amp; Research Centre (MERC) in Bangalore (email: katerina@maastrichteducation.in or bert@maastrichteducation.in).Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12117229", "title": "\u2018BJP-MGP will win more than 22 seats\u2019", "text": "PANAJI: Bharatiya Janata party and Maharashtrawadi Gomantak party (BJP-MGP) alliance chief campaigner and Member of Parliament, Shripad Naik, said that the alliance will win more then 22 seats in the March 3 assembly elections.\"We appeal to the people to vote decisively and fearlessly for the BJP-MGP alliance candidates by a thumping majority and not to be deceived by false assurances and propaganda in the name of caste, creed and religion,\" said Naik.He also said that the slogan 'Goa deserves better' has today become Goa's anthem. \"Its far reaching effects are evident even in far flung rural areas. Its a phrase commonly used by young voters and this has given us confidence that the BJP-MJP alliance will come out with flying colours on March 6,\" he added.Naik also said that the electorate in Goa has accepted the manifesto and propaganda of the BJP. \"People of Goa have a strong belief that the BJP will deliver the promises and give a stable, efficient and effective administration as in the past. On the contrary, the people have realized that the Congress government made hollow and empty promises,\" he added.Naik also assured the people of Goa that BJP will fulfill the promises in the manifesto. The promises which will bring immediate relief from the burden of inflation on the common man, he said. \"The first thing what we will do is to reduce the petrol price if we come to power,\" he added.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12117881", "title": "Congmen's contradictory statements on 1cr seizure", "text": "AMRAVATI: The Congress is running itself into circles while trying to explain the 1 crore cash seized from a party worker during the recent elections. In the latest instance, on Friday, the city Congress leaders and a state minister contradicted each other over the party worker who was caught carrying the cash.On Friday, city Congress president JP Gupta and senior Congress leader from Nagpur Ashok Dhawad appeared before the police commissioner. State water resources minister Rajendra Mulak also presented his statement through a lawyer, to avoid a police interrogation.However, Gupta's statement on Friday contradicts Mulak's earlier statement to the collector. The former has said that Ashish Bodhankar, who was arrested with the cash, is a faithful party activist. But Mulak had denied any knowledge or acquaintance of Bodhankar in his written statement to the collector.Police commissioner Amitesh Kumar said Bodhankar told police that he had given the earlier statement under fear and that the money was brought from the Congress office at Devadiya Bhawan in Nagpur on the orders of Ashok Dhawad of the Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12118976", "title": "Two cops suspended for dereliction of duty", "text": "MYSORE: A sub-inspector and a head constable attached to Bylakuppe police station were on Friday suspended for alleged dereliction of duty.SI Jayalakshmana and head constable Krishnegowda have been placed under suspension pending a departmental inquiry. Mysore south police station SI (crime) Shivamadaiah has been given additional charge of Bylakuppe police station.SP R Dileep told TOI the suspension follows complaints against the police officers. The public had accused the duo of failing to control anti-social activities in their jurisdiction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12118464", "title": "Rs 65-cr JV set up for new CFS", "text": "KOCHI: Infrastructures Kerala Ltd (INKEL), Bahrain-based VKL Group and resort chain Mfar Hotels &amp; Resorts Ltd have formed a joint venture which will invest Rs 65 crore to develop a second Container Freight Station (CFS) at Vallarpadam International Container Transshipment Terminal (ICTT).The JV, initiated by INKEL, called MIV Logistics Private Limited, will develop the CFS on 18.5 acres at Vallarpadam ICTT. The project is expected to be completed by April next year, INKEL managing director T Balakrishnan said. APM Terminals India Private Limited, the Indian subsidiary of Hague-based global port operator APM Terminals, will set up and operate the CFS as per an agreement to be signed with INKEL.An MoU was signed on Friday by Balakrishnan and Subhasis Ghosh, managing director, APM Terminals India. Cochin Port Trust chairman Paul Antony, who was present at the signing of the MoU, said that four freight stations were eventually planned for the Vallarpadam ICTT.\"This will be the second CFS and two more are in the planning stage,\" Antony said.He said that if cabotage laws were relaxed to allow foreign vessels to engage in transshipment of goods between Indian ports, it would increase traffic throughput tremendously. \"Once the cabotage laws are relaxed, the new CPSes at Vallarpadam ICTT will benefit immensely from the increased freight traffic,\" he said.Balakrishnan said that about Rs 5,000 crore worth of investments had been lined up in the next 3-4 months on various infrastructural projects in Kerala.INKEL is developing a logistics park and commercial space in Angamaly on 25 acres. The construction of a 2.2-lakh sq ft commercial space will be ready for occupation before June 2012, Balakrishnan said. In the logistics park, a well-known FMCG company will set up 2.4 lakh sq ft of warehousing space. An agreement for this is now under finalization. The rest of the area will also be developed as a logistics park.INKEL's PURA projects at Thalikulam and Tirurangadi will involve an investment of Rs 235 crore over a period of three years. Roughly 56% of the total funds will be from the Centre, 14% from the State and 30% from INKEL and its partners.The project was launched at Thirurangadi and Thalikulam on January 24.Three years has been given for completion of the projects, which will include a water supply scheme, roads, an apparel park, a market complex, bus terminal, and a gas crematorium, among others.The project will be implemented through a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) incorporated specially for each of these panchayats. At Thalikulam, the SPV will be a joint venture of INKEL, GALFAR and KINFRA. At Thirurangadi, KINFRA is the partner.Balakrishnan said that INKEL's Malappuram 'Small and Medium Park' is ready for handover and units are now being allocated. This facility has the potential to attract small scale industries to Malappuram.A Community College with participation from Everonn Education Limited will start functioning at Malappuram this month. The college will train students in high-demand trades with guaranteed jobs. The college will start functioning on 18,000 sq ft and will have hostel facilities.A 300-bed cancer institute is also being set up at Malappuram while INKEL's mega project, Edu Health City, at Malappuram is in the final stages of planning, Balakrishnan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "12116875", "title": "Mudumalai tiger reserve to be out of bounds for visitors from March 5", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: The Mudumalai Tiger Reserve (MTR) will be closed for visitors from March 5 due to the prolonged dry spell in the Nilgiris.\"We have decided to close the reserve for visitors as the grasslands inside the forest have become very dry,\" A Ameer Haja, deputy director, Mudumalai Tiger Reserve and Mukurthi National Park, said. \"However, water bodies inside the forest area have sufficient water to cater to the requirements of the animals,\" he added.The ban on tourists is mainly because the dry weather often causes fires which could put their lives at risk. A number of fires have been reported from various parts of the MTR in the past one month.According to P Raghuram Singh, chief conservator of forests and field director, MTR and Mukurthi National Park, there were a series of wild fires in the MTR forests last month. \"Out of five ranges, three ranges in the forests of MTR suffered damages. However, only bushes and dry grasslands were damaged in the fires,\" he said. \"No tree was burnt as the fire fighters attended to it quickly,\" he said.Last month, forest officials had cracked a major forest fire case that started on February 13 and destroyed at least 15 acres of dense forest.Two tribal men were arrested on Wednesday for starting the fire. One of the spy cameras installed inside the MTR jungles helped the forest officials to nab the culprits. The footage recorded by the camera revealed that on February 13 at around 10.22am, five persons were wandering inside the jungle collecting 'lichens' and while leaving the forest set fire inside the forest.Every year during the dry season, the MTR is closed for visitors for at least a month. The 312 sq km tiger reserve is home to at least 55 tigers and nearly 900 Asian elephants besides a wide variety of wildlife and vegetation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12118027", "title": "Roof plaza to decongest Dadar station", "text": "MUMBAI: Tired of the congestion, chaos and filth at Dadar station? Here's a plan that may make the commute through this busy station more pleasant.The railways plans to convert Dadar into a world-class station by making intelligent use of the area above platforms and railway tracks to build \"roof plazas\". This, it is hoped, will help decongest both sections of the station-Western Railway and Central Railway.Railway minister Dinesh Trivedi on Friday inspected Dadar station to take stock of the space available. Lauding the proposal, he said: \"The project will be taken up under the public-private partnership (PPP) model and be completed within two years once all the sanctions are obtained. The ambitious project will also be a model for others stations. We may need the state government's assistance to execute the plans.\" Architect P K Das, the brain behind the proposal, said: \"The city and its suburbs have 51 stations. The total roof area of these stations will add up to around 6.27lakh sq m (155 acres). Creating additional space at railway stations will be a significant urban development endeavour.\"Estimated to cost Rs 120 crore, the roof plaza will help generate 10 acres of space at Dadar. The platforms will be cleared of stalls and these can be accommodated on the plaza, which can serve as a walkway with a provision for gardens. The money can be recovered by leasing out space to private operators who can set up stalls or cafeterias, besides shifting booking offices to this area.Das said: \"The roof plaza, with extensive landscaping and public facilities, will not only provide substantial open space but also allow easy access to and from platforms, help commuter dispersal and contribute substantially to the idea of expanding public open spaces in our city.\"As many as 22 entry/exit points will be created and people can enter the station via skywalks or foot-overbridges at multiple locations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12121093", "title": "Sneha Ullal uploads sexy video!", "text": "Sneha Ullal , who was last seen in Ennai Theriyuma, is aiming for an image makeover.The actress, who's currently busy with Kannada, Telugu and Malayalam films, is all set to be sexy. While she's always been known for her girl-next-door looks and the Aishwarya Rai lookalike tag, Sneha recently revealed her bold self and uploaded a sensuous video titled Lick online.The actress says that this video was a complete experiment. \"I had an off from work as it was a rainy day in Hyderabad. Since I had my makeup on, my photographer friend said 'lets shoot a video' and this was an impromptu act that we did in my hotel suite,\" reveals Sneha.In this video, the Ennai Theriyuma actress sports a see-through white shirt as she moves around sensually on a bed. \"I had no intentions of sharing the video. But my photographer friend put it on a networking site and soon it was on a video sharing site. I'm glad that it has been received well,\" says Sneha, who plans on entering Kollywood properly this year.\"I had a back injury which made me say no to projects like Samaran and Vaanam. I've taken it upon myself that I will do a good Kollywood film this year,\" says Sneha, who feels at home doing south Indian films. Quiz her on whom she would like to work opposite and she says, \"I want to work with the 'Kolaveri' boy, Dhanush. I'd also like to act opposite Jiiva and Jayam Ravi.\" Wonder if anyone's reading this!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117979", "title": "Computers cannot replace teachers", "text": "MUMBAI: How does one bridge the divide between the chalk and blackboard, and the computer and internet? While teachers, principals, counsellors and even parents admit that it would be a futile exercise to ignore technology in the classroom, there is a very real fear that it will be misused by easily distracted students who have yet to understand the pitfalls of the internet.A 2000 report from a US organization comprising educationists and health professionals-Alliance for Childhood-questioned the money schools were spending on technology. Computers, said the report, have become the \"fool's gold\" of the education system. According to the report, instead of raising the standard of learning, computers were actually negating the healthy development of young students.But the technology and social media landscape has changed dramatically over the last decade; and classrooms are filled with students who were born with a smartphone in their hands. By the time they enter kindergarten, words like 'apps', 'mp3' etc are part of their lexicon.To ignore this important part of their lives, say principals, would be equally detrimental to the learning process. Educationists suggest a middle path, one where students are taught to use the gadgets that they have responsibly.\"The learning process begins at home. Parents should limit the amount of time their child engages with a gadget, be it the computer or a gaming console. Such activities are exclusive by nature, and by the time the child enters the school he or she is socially awkward because of their limited interaction with their peers,\" said psychiatrist Dr Hozefa Bhinderwala, adding that children often don't know how to interact with their elders, let alone their peers.Many city doctors and counsellors are of the opinion that excessive use of technology affects a child's lateral and creative thinking.\"After hours in front of a screen, children tend to become less spontaneous and don't push the boundaries when it comes to imagination. They are in danger of becoming robotic thinkers,\" said Shubhangi Parkar, head of psychiatry ward at KEM Hospital, Parel.So how necessary is the iPad, laptop, or the latest smart-phone for a child's learning process?It's not the gadget, say teachers, as much as it is tapping the wealth of easily accessible information on the internet.\"Children are already tech savvy. We use smart boards, simple projectors, and computers to engage children both mentally and visually. Besides, most children already have access to the internet at home, and many have questions that are not covered in the textbook,\" said Shirin Castelina, a teacher at Holy Family School in Andheri.Even the latest gadget and the best internet website, however, cannot replace a good teacher.\"Children today lead complicated lives ruled by technology. Instead of adding to the information overload, it is the teacher's job to simplify lesson plans. Children today need to be in touch with the real world, and the school teacher is the one person who can draw the line and decide how much is too much,\" said psychologist Seema Hingorrany.It's all about moderation. If the educator fails to engage with his or her students, no amount of technology will help, say experts. The teacher's job, then, is to break down information into bite-sized pieces, and ensure that their children have understood the topic covered. This can even be achieved with the aid of a simple blackboard and chalk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12120931", "title": "No Mandakini for Ekta Kapoor yet", "text": "Ekta Kapoor's Dawood has once again lost his Mandakini. Earlier, Kareena Kapoor had turned down the offer to play the gangster's moll in the Milan Luthria directed Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai Part 2.And now, Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Sonakshi Sinha too has opted out.While the exact reason of Sonakshi's refusal is still not known, a source close to the actress told Mumbai Mirror, \"Sonakshi has expressed her unavailability for Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai Part 2.\"Had Sonakshi accepted the role, it would been her third consecutive film opposite Akshay Kumar , who plays Dawood in this project. She is already working with the actor in Prabhu Deva's Rowdy Rathore and Shirish Kunder's Joker.Sonakshi who apparently cited 'date problems' to opt out of the film however, has no animosity with producer Ekta or director Milan. \"They would love to work together in future. But yes, the slot for Mandakini's role in open once again. The film is scheduled to start in May or June. Ekta and Luthria are taking their time choosing the leading lady for the film,\" added the source.While a close friend of Sonakshi confirmed the story saying, \"She was offered Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai Part 2. She is not doing the film,\" Sonakshi chose not respond to our calls and text messages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12117601", "title": "Preserving textile for posterity", "text": "VADODARA: 'Store in a cool, dry place' is a phrase one commonly reads on packets of medicines and food items. But it holds true even for precious textile items you have procured by paying through your nose or inherited from your parents.The department of clothing and textile of M S University's Faculy of Family and Community Sciences on Thursday held a workshop on preventive conservation of precious textile items. The event 'Preserving Your Heirlooms' had invited homemakers, NGOs and design consultants to give them tips on preservation of various textile items.Research scholar Kirti Manek, who held the workshop, said that there were several steps that could be taken at the household level to prevent damage to textiles by microbes, insects and environment. She added that at times, incorrect storage methods led to damage to textiles.\"If one wants to preserve textiles handed over to them by their previous generations or wants to ensure that it is inherited by their future generations, there are some simple steps that can be taken to prevent any damage to them. These can be done at the home itself,\" said Manek who is dong her thesis on documentation of rare textile artefacts with a focus on their preservation and conservation under the guidance of professor Amita Pandya.Manek said that simple steps like ensuring that the textiles are not exposed to direct sunlight and are stored in a cool environment with minimum temperature fluctuations and low humidity can go in a long way in preserving them. She added that the clothes should also have minimum number of folds as damages usually begin at folds. \"Rolling items like sarees is a good idea,\" she added.The workshop also informed participants how tobacco and neem leaves as well as aromatic items like cloves and 'guggal' can prevent damage from microbes and insects. Using 'dhoop' or incense sticks also helped in a similar way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12121124", "title": "Shah Rukh, Katrina are ready to rock", "text": "Here's looking at the highly anticipated pairing in Yash Chopra's new filmEver wondered how Shah Rukh Khan and Katrina Kaif would look together on screen? You don't have to wait till Yash Chopra's untitled film releases. TOI gives you an exclusive first look.The film also marks Chopra's return to the director's chair after seven long years with his favourite genre: romance. The new film will see SRK working with Kat for the first time. Anushka Sharma also features in the film, which is being shot extensively in London , followed by a long schedule in India.It is learned that Kat and Khan were approached for many projects together in the past, but they chose this film because the story appealed to them. The film will also see yet another pairing: AR Rahman and Gulzar.Bagging this role was a big deal for Katrina, as Chopra Sr's penchant for projecting his heroines in a grand and elegant manner is the stuff BTown legends are made of.The film is expected to release this Diwali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12120587", "title": "Power cuts hamper studies before exams", "text": "Berhampur: Students and parents are very worried over load shedding because it is examination time now.While the CBSE Class X and XII examinations have already started, the Plus-III examinations conducted by the Berhampur University and Plus-II examination by CHSE will start from Friday.Similarly, the matriculation examination will start from March 19.Besides the semester examinations of different engineering institutions are also going on. \"The studies of students are hit because of frequent power cuts during examination time,\" said Prafulla Kumar Padhy, an engineer.\"We are very worried about the unscheduled power cuts by the power distribution company even during examination time,\" said Suresh Sahu, whose daughter will be appearing for the matriculation examination, said.The town witnesses two to three hours of power cuts everyday. But the situation is worse in villages of Ganjam district. Though officially it is supposed to be three hours, the power cuts are much more.This has become a cause of concern for both students and parents.Load shedding is also taking place because some electricity poles are being shifted for road widening.\"We have no option but to cut power according to Gridco directive,\" said Suresh Chandra Choudhury, chief executive of Southco. But he dismissed allegations of unscheduled power cuts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12116968", "title": "DMK allies to visit Sankarankovil, work for party\u2019s success", "text": "MADURAI: While the DMK is determined to sweep the bypoll in Sankarankoil, the party's allies have also decided to throw their weight for the victory of the DMK.DMK patriarch M Karunanidhi is set to visit Sankarankoil on March 15 and address a public meeting. Union minister M K Alagiri who visited Sankarankoil and held a brainstorming session with the party functionaries on Friday, later told reporters that leaders of DMK's alliance parties are scheduled to visit Sankarankoil and campaign for the party candidate Jawahar Suryakumar. \"Tamil Nadu Congress committee president B S Gnandesikan is scheduled to visit the segment on March 8 and campaign for DMK. On March 12, 13 and 14 DMK treasurer M K Stalin will tour the constitiuncy while on March 15, DMK president Thalaivar Kalaignar would visit Sankarankoil. Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi founder Thol Thirumavalavan is also scheduled to visit Sankarankoil and campaign for DMK in all the villages,'' Alagiri said.There were frictions between Congress and DMK cadres during the assembly elections as a section of Congress leaders had demanded snapping of ties with DMK due to the spectrum scam. There were also instances where functionaries of both the parties contesting against each other despite being allies.The arrangements for the visit of the leaders, especially of Karunanidhi have already begun. While partymen are not sure if Karunanidhi will make a trip to villages in the segment, they said that a massive public meeting would be arranged where he would address the cadres.With the southern strongman pitching in with his might to take the party towards success, his supporters from Madurai have also rolled up their sleeves to work for the party's victory in Sankarankoil. The members of the Madurai urban and rural district held meetings in quick succession and have worked out the campaign strategy. \"Each of us have been given specific tasks. We will carry them out meticulously till the polls,'' said a DMK functionary.AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa is also scheduled to visit Sankarankoil and stay there for more than two days campaigning for the party candidate S Muthuselvi around the second week of March. For now, she has deputed a battery of 32 AIADMK ministers who are making a tour of the villagers.However, Alagiri who has decided to stay in Sankarankoil till the elections, brushed aside the campaigning of ministers as a threat to DMK's success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12116803", "title": "Couple held for attempt to commit suicide, released", "text": "COIMBATORE: A couple was arrested on Friday for attempting to commit suicide on the premises of the city police commissioner's office. The duo alleged that police failed to take proper action against a person who stole their machinery worth of 15 lakh.On Friday, around 11.30 am, T Rasool Raj, 40 of SIDCO in the city, went to the police commissioner's office along with his wife R Preetha, 35, and his two children R Reshma, 12, and Hariram, 9. He took a small petrol can from his bike and doused himself. Police who were on duty thwarted his attempt to commit suicide.The family was taken to Race Course police station and the couple was arrested under section 309 (attempt to commit suicide) of Indian Penal Code. Later, they were released on bail.Rasool Raj lodged a complaint with the police. In his complaint, he said he had been running an electro plastic fabrication company at SIDCO for the last nine years. He rented a building from Jebarullah Khan. The business was going smoothly till 2008. The building owner often came to his office in a drunken state and demanded rent, asking him to vacate the building. On such occasions they often quarreled.On March 7, 2008, Jebarullah Khan and his friends entered Rasool Raj's office discretely and stole machinery worth Rs 5 lakh. The victim lodged a complaint at the Podanur police station where officials conducted an inquiry with Jebarullah Khan. Police officers advised him to pay the money he owed, after which the tenant would vacate the building. But Jebarullah Khan refused to make payment.After 2008, Rasool Raj closed down his company. He moved to Trivandrum for work. On February 25, 2012, Jebarullah along with his colleagues broke open his office and stole machinery worth Rs 15 lakh. When he lodged a complaint with the Podanur police, they told him to accept Rs 4 lakh as compensation and vacate the building.Rasool Raj alleged that the police supported Jebarullah. He said he did not have the means to support his family, so that is why he attempted to take his life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12116533", "title": "Gupta, kin leave HMDA poorer by Rs 15 crore", "text": "HYDERABAD: The companies floated by GS Gupta and his family members have not only allegedly cheated DLF but also caused a loss of Rs 15 crore to Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA).GS Gupta's SBPL Infrastructure Ltd floated a joint venture with DLF to develop mega agriculture hub at Kukatpally on 24.23 acres of land belonging to HMDA which would be taken on lease.However, the company has neither paid the monthly lease of Rs 1 crore to HMDA nor begun work on the project. According to sources, there has been no reply from the company DLF SBPL Developers Pvt Ltd despite several notices by HMDA asking it to pay the lease amount.Officials said it was GS Gupta who came up with the proposal for the mega agriculture hub with a part of the land to be used for residential and commercial purposes. With the blessings of a principal secretary, a minister and some officials in the chief minister's office, he managed to procure the land on lease although HMDA was not willing to award the lease without any competition, sources said.In order to take possession of the land, Gupta floated a joint venture company with DLF - DLF SBPL Ltd. While the Municipal Administration and Urban Development (MA&UD;) department issued a GO handing over the land to the joint venture on August 12, 2008, HMDA entered into a lease agreement with the company and, in 2010, recommitted the parcel of land in question to residential and commercial use.As per the GO, the developer was supposed to construct a complex and allot shops and office spaces on preferential basis to Indian exporting houses in the agricultural export business. The complex was supposed to have an agricultural distribution centre, a farmer training centre, an agricultural input complex, poultry and dairy input centre, output storage and marketing centres.Also, the hub would have contained a farmer empowerment and education centre to train agriculturists on crop management systems, pest control etc. It was also proposed that the complex would provide information on herbal products, medicinal plants, horticulture, floriculture, aquaculture, spices, castor and other oil seeds and facilitate marketing of these products.All in all, it claimed that it would create 50,000 jobs directly and another 1.5 lakh indirect jobs.Based on the GO, HMDA had fixed 5% of the market value of the land, that is Rs 1 crore, as the monthly lease amount which was to be revised by 5% every year. Although the land was handed over to the developer some three years back, they made no payments to HMDA claiming that the land had to be first converted for residential and commercial use.\"Even after the land-usage changed in its 2010 master plan, the developer is yet to pay the lease amount or even start work. When the first notice was served, they came up with the different argument that no rent would be paid unless the existing truck terminal at Kukatpally was shifted out,\" a senior HMDA official said.He said that the truck terminal proposal was withdrawn three years back and the site handed over to DLF SBPL following an agreement to that effect. Interestingly, HMDA officials claim that when the notice was served on DLF India, the firm reportedly denied having anything to do with the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117856", "title": "Two women among four \u2018Naxals\u2019 held in Dombivli", "text": "MUMBAI: Four alleged Naxalites , including two women, were arrested in a joint operation by the state anti-terrorism squad (ATS) and Andhra Pradesh police in Thane district on Friday. The ATS recovered Rs23 lakh, a laptop, three pen drives and firearm-making material from the sleeper cell.ATS chief Rakesh Maria said the operation followed information about Naxals being holed up in Dombivli (E). \"Our staff and the AP police caught the Naxals, including Dinesh Wankhede alias Raju Kadam (29), Aseem Kumar Bhattacharya (65), Suman Gawde (25) and Laxmi Raju Patel (38),\" said Maria. He added that while Kadam, Bhattacharya and Gawde are from Gadchiroli, Patel is from Adilabad in Andhra Pradesh.Bhattacharya's wife Shobha said she was shocked to hear about the arrest. The alleged Naxals were staying on the ground floor of the New Surya Kiran Apartments, where the monthly rent is Rs15,000-25,000. Residents said the 'Naxals' were aloof and posed as husband, wife and mother.\"Kadam is a member of Korchi Dalam and the Korchi area committee. He is wanted in two cases: A 2007 firing case in which a policeman was injured in Gadchiroli and a 2005 Nagpur police case. Kadam was never arrested in both cases, but he faces cases for attempt to murder under the Arms Act,\" said Maria.The ATS said Gawde was also a Korchi Dalam member and would attend its meetings. Patel joined the Korchi Dalam a few years ago and is a known name among Naxalites, the police said.\"The Naxals had been staying in the rented room since October 2011. We received info that the room was used as a hideout for Naxals. Technical committee members would also visit it. The primary job of the members staying here was procurement of equipment for cadres working in forests,\" Maria added.The ATS chief said the Naxals who would get injured or fall sick in Gadchiroli would be taken to Dombivli, where they would be treated.An officer said, \"The Naxals are trying to identify youth who could be helpful with indoctrination. We are collecting info about the groups and trying to cripple their activities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12121925", "title": "Court frames charges against Geelani aide, three others over terror links", "text": "NEW DELHI: Charges were today framed against a close aide of hardline Hurriyat leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani and three others, arrested for allegedly running hawala racket to fund banned terrorist outfit Hizbul Mujahideen in Kashmir Valley, by a Delhi court, paving the way for their trial.District Judge H S Sharma framed charges under various sections of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act against Ghulam Mohd Bhat, said to be Geelani's close aide, Mohd Siddiq Ganai, Ghulam Jeelani Liloo and Farooq Ahmed Dagga, who are presently in Tihar jail under judicial custody.\"The charges have been explained to each accused in detail. They have pleaded not guilty,\" the judge said adding the trial would commence from April 16.The National Investigation Agency (NIA) had last year filed chargesheet against the four, indicting them for procuring over Rs 4.57 crore from Pakistan through hawala channels within three years after 2008 for funding terrorist activities in the Valley.The Special Cell of Delhi Police, on January 22 last year, had arrested Srinagar-based lawyer Bhat, Ganai, Liloo and Dagga from Jammu and Kashmir on a tip-off that they were carrying hawala money, allegedly meant for terror outfits in the valley. It had also recovered Rs 21.20 lakh from them.The case was later handed over to the NIA. During the probe, the NIA as well as the police had questioned Geelani, who had reportedly told the investigators that he was receiving funds from various sources but had no links with Bhat in hawala dealings.The NIA, in its chargesheet, had said, \"Funds through hawala channels were being sent to Jammu and Kashmir for funding terror and secessionist acts in the state and Pakistan-based Maqbool Pandit, a member of banned Hizbul Mujahideen and Aizaz Maqbool Bhat, at present living in Saudi Arabia, were the key accused behind it.\"It had added \"the investigation had revealed that huge consignments\" of funds have been collected at various places in Delhi and one of the accused, Mohd Sidiq Ganai was in touch with ISI operatives Major Iqbal, an accused charge-sheeted for carrying out various terror strikes including the 26/11 Mumbai attacks, and Col Abdullah.The NIA had analysed \"intercepted call records\" of various accused, based in Delhi and Pakistan.It said Ganai, identified as an active member of People's League, a constituent of Hurriyat led by Geelani, had gone to Pakistan in 1998 through Wagah border on Indian travel document and returned via Nepal on a Pakistani passport.Detailing their modus operandi, the NIA had said Ganai developed a close relationship with Delhi-based Raj Kumar and his brother-in-law Rajeev Nankani and motivated them to collect money on their behalf from hawala operatives here.\"Between November 2008 to October 2010, only Raj Kumar collected Rs 2.25 crore in various instalments from hawala operators here,\" the chargesheet had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12116625", "title": "Nims offers genetic counselling to couple", "text": "HYDERABAD: Those intending to go in for a consanguineous marriage, would do better to head for the Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences (Nims) for advice.A new department of genetics is now in place at the institute for which specialists have been appointed to provide counselling on a regular basis.The Centre for DNA Fingerprinting and Technology (CDFD), an autonomous institute under the Department of Biotechnology (DBT), Government of India, not only is offering counselling but carries out the required tests on married couples. The tests will reveal if the baby will be born with any genetic defects.For sometime now, counseling was being offered on specific days during the week. Hereafter, two specialists will provide services to patients on a daily basis. In fact, there is a provision to appoint two more senior specialists at the department.In the last couple of months, nearly 260 patients have been offered counseling on genetic disorders, while before the department was formed during 2010-11, only 365 patients were examined and counselled.Dr Ashwin Dalal, head, diagnostic division and staff scientist, CDFD told TOI that there were quite a few cases of parents who were in the process of finalizing the wedding of their daughter or son with a close blood relatives for counselling.What happens in such cases is that the families and close relatives of the boy and the girl whose marriage is being proposed are brought into medical focus. If there is anyone with a genetic disorder, tests are conducted and an opinion is given on the possibility of their offspring being born with genetic disorders.The diagnostic division of CDFD has the state of the art facilities for diagnosis and research of genetic disorders, including congenital malformations, Down's syndrome, thallessemia and others.In Andhra Pradesh, in particular, marriages among close relatives are common. Though it cannot be taken for granted that in all consanguineous marriages, the offspring will be born with a genetic defect, though counseling and tests it will be revealed if there is a possibility.\"If the marriage has already taken place, it will still be advisable for couples to come for counseling. If the woman has a confirmed pregnancy, the necessary tests can be carried out to know if the baby will be born with any genetic defects,\" Dr Aswin Dalal said.At the department of medical genetics, couples intending to get married, even if it is not a consanguineous marriage, can go for counseling.The plan to set up the department of medical genetics in Nims was conceived in 2008 itself. The entire cost of establishing the department and running it is being borne by the Department of Biotechnology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12118448", "title": "Leave without blemish now, HC tells Israeli duo", "text": "KOCHI: The Jewish couple from Israel facing deportation was offered a lifeline by the high court on Friday, with the judge offering stigma-free travel documents if they were willing to quit India now.Shneor Zalman Bernstein and Yaffa Shendi Keing of Bloy Street in Jerusalem were ordered to quit India within one week on February 24 by the high court, confirming the district administration's deportation order. The collector had relied on a police intelligence report that claimed that the couple had engaged in \"suspicious activities\".When the petition came up for hearing on Friday, justice S Siri Jagan told the Jewish couple's counsel, R Lakshmi Narayan, the court would ensure that the stigma associated with their stay here didn't reflect in their travel documents if they left the country now.If the couple was not willing to accept this, the court would pass orders based on the merits of the case, the judge said. If the court had the slightest doubt against them, it wouldn't allow them to stay and risk the safety of the country. The couple's counsel submitted that the two were worried that if they applied for visa afresh, the detention order and related documents would be taken into consideration by the Centre while considering their application. But the court ruled that it could not prevent such a thing from happening as that was under the jurisdiction of the government.Their counsel sought the court's permission to allow them to appear in person and hear them. However, the court ruled they were being properly represented by their counsel and a separate hearing was not required.The duo arrived on March 3, 2010 and had been staying in a rented house at Rose Street in Fort Kochi. According to the notice served, they violated visa norms by organizing activities related to their religious life under the religious organization 'Chabad' in a synagogue at Mattanchery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12118008", "title": "Baby Falak out of danger, may be discharged in week: AIIMS", "text": "NEW DELHI: The two-year-old girl child, who was brought to the AIIMS trauma centre in a battered state two months back, has shown remarkable improvement in her medical condition. Doctors at the hospital said on Friday that the child is 'out of danger' and she might be discharged in a week's time. The baby has been shifted from the ICU to the neurosurgery ward.\"The plasters from her hands have been removed and she is moving her limbs. She cries badly when anyone goes close to her,\" said Dr Deepak Agarwal, who has been attending on the girl child since she was admitted on January 18. The improvement in the child's condition is no less than a miracle, he added.\"I have never come across a case like this where a two year old child survives two cardiac arrests and severe head injuries. This is a miracle,\" Agarwal said. We had given up all hopes when she developed infections in the brain, he said. According to the doctors, if the child's condition remains stable for next three to four days, he can be discharged too. \"Sadly, we do not have the legal right to discharge her,\" said a senior doctor.Moved by Falak's plight, Indians as well people from the US and Canada have approached doctors expressing their desire to adopt her. \"We have recieved a lot of mails but we have no right to hand her over to anyone. It all depends on the government to decide for her,\" said Dr M C Misra, chief of AIIMS trauma centre.The baby was brought to the hospital with severe head injuries, broken arms and bite marks. Five surgeries were conducted on her to clear the infection from the brain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12118213", "title": "26/11 counsel meets top cop after threats", "text": "NEW DELHI: A senior Delhi-based advocate - M S Khan - who is the counsel of 26/11 Mumbai attack co-accused Faheem Ansari, has claimed that he has been receiving threats over phone for the last few days. Not only that, Khan has also alleged that some unknown people are leaving chits on his car. Khan has approached police commissioner B K Gupta, seeking protection.In his complaint to Gupta, Khan has claimed, \"I found a note attached to the wiper of my car few days ago. The note was written on a white-lined paper contained abusive words for me and my family with details of my family. I did not take the note seriously and threw it away. On Monday again, I found a similar note on my car near my house. The note contained details of school and timings of my children\". Khan told TOI, \"I have been continuously receiving calls since Monday on my mobile where the caller threatened me. On Friday as well, I got repeated calls in the evening. I am scared for my family.\"In his complaint, Khan has added that \"this issue is sensitive for me and my family for the reasons that I am conducting serious nature (TADA, POTA and MCOCA cases) not only in Delhi but in other states as well\".Khan is also the lawyer of Salman and six other Indian Mujahideen members arrested for their involvement in the Delhi serial blasts of 2008 and the Jama Masjid attack accused among others.Khan has sought a probe from Special Cell on the threat issue. Despite repeated attempts, there was no reply from commissioner's office. However, sources said that the matter is being looked into.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "sircilla", "code": "12116660", "title": "Student murdered over love affair in Sircilla", "text": "SIRCILLA: An Intermediate student was murdered and his body set on fire by the brother of a girl with whom he had become intimate.The badly decomposed body of Dobbala Sagar, 17, was recovered from Chintalthana hillock on Sircilla mandal in Karimnagar district on Friday. Police arrested three youths, including Krishna, brother of the girl in connection with the crime.Locals grew suspicious when foul smell started emanating from the hillock on Thursday night. To their horror they found the half-burnt body of Sagar. He was allegedly killed by Krishna and his three friends - Janardhan, Kishan and another unidentified youth - on the night of February 29. It all started when Sagar expressed his love for Krishna's sister. Sagar, a native of Suddala village in Konaraopet mandal, came in contact with the girl, who was a regular at Janardhan's residence and soon they fell in love. Krishna warned Sagar against any relationship with his sister after he saw them moving around together. When Sagar did not pay any heed to his warnings, Krishna hatched a plan to eliminate him. He along with Janardhan kidnapped Sagar from Suddala on February 27.Though Sagar's parents, Anandam and Vajramma, approached the police and lodged a complaint about their missing son, the cops did not register a case. Two days later, Krishna and three others took Sagar to the hillock and attacked him with boulders, hitting him on his head. They poured kerosene and set him on fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "kolkata/tarakeswar", "code": "12118175", "title": "Rain shift leaves farmers in a spot", "text": "KOLKATA/TARAKESWAR: Farmer Chandrasekhar Das of Burdwan's Chakdighi village is at a loss. For three years in a row, rain has been woefully inadequate in the sowing season. But it has rained heavily just ahead of the harvesting season.\"We are farmers for generations. I have been farming with my father and grandfather since I was a child. Knowledge of the crop, farming practice, rainfall pattern... everything they passed on to me. There hasn't been much change in the farming pattern except for use of machinery to till and irrigation system. But now, we are facing a big problem - the change in the rainfall pattern,\" Chandrasekhar said.Hriday Pan of Hooghly's Santoshpur village, too, is confused because of the change in rainfall pattern. \"There is no rain when it is needed. Since the DVC water does not reach everywhere, farmers had to use tubewells more extensively in recent years,\" he said.While farmers in Burdwan's Jamalpur, Bhatar and Kalna complain about the scarcity of water during sowing of the kharif crop, the abundance of rain during the harvest leaves them in a spot. In Burdwan's Simlon village, Shanti Das suffered heavy loss as the standing crop was damaged because of waterlogging following heavy rain. \"I tried to drain the water out, but could not, as the adjacent fields were also waterlogged,\" he recalled.According to the Indian Meteorological Department data, the rainfall pattern in south Bengal has changed significantly in recent years.A study of the rainfall records for 100 years - from 1901 to 2002 - revealed that rainfall in June, the crucial sowing season, has declined by 48 mm. But the lower precipitation in June has not led to shortage in annual rainfall with the deficiency in the beginning of the monsoon being compensated by more rainfall in September.\"The monsoon rainfall is steadily getting skewed in south Bengal. This is causing enormous stress on the crop calendar. Since transplantation happens in June, that is when most of the water is required. The high rainfall in September hasn't helped matters either as it is too close to the onset of winter. The combined cycle of temperature and rainfall is getting disturbed,\" said river expert Kalyan Rudra who analyzed the rainfall.Further south in the Sunderbans, incidence of cyclones have increased as the sea records temperature rise. When Aila happened in May 2009, it was the first time in many years that a cyclone struck before the onset of Monsoon. Usually cyclones take place after Monsoon.\"As sea temperature rises, cyclones will become more frequent and they will happen earlier than they usually did. Had Aila happened post-monsoon, when the soil was not parched, saline water that gushed through the breaches in embankments would not have penetrated the ground as much as it did. The people there must be prepared to give up agriculture and shift to fishing. Or else, there will be large scale migration time and again like it happened post Aila,\" Rudra said.There are hardly any men in Kumirmari, Chhotomollakhali and some other islands as they have all left to work as labourers after their farms were inundated by sea water. Incidentally, intensity of cyclones in the past 120 years has increased by 26% in the Sunderbans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12123484", "title": "Centre hopeful of opening Kudankulam power plant 'very soon'", "text": "CHENNAI: With pressure mounting on the Tamil Nadu government to ease the acute power situation, the Centre on Saturday hoped that it would \"very soon\" commission the Kudankulam nuclear power project as the state government was \"very very positive\" to the opening of the plant.\"My hunch is that Tamil Nadu government will take a decision as early as possible\" on the project, work which has come to a standstill for many months following protests from locals, spearheaded by People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE), minister of state in the PMO V Narayanasamy told reporters.The state government was very positive and was cooperating with the Centre as the law and order issue was a state subject, he said, adding Central and state government officials were regularly interacting.He denied any \"double-game\" by the Tamil Nadu government and said it was aware that it was in need of power and assured to provide 1000 mw of the energy from Kudankulam plant though its original share was 925 mw.Narayanasamy's remarks assume significance in the backdrop of the state government appointed panel which went into the safety aspects last month also virtually giving a clean chit to the project.Earlier the Centre's 15-member expert panel set up to allay the fears of the locals had vouched for the safety of the Indo-Russian project, where the work on the first two units to product 2000 MW of power has almost completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12117468", "title": "Birsa zoo \u2018snake house\u2019 to open in April", "text": "RANCHI: The long-awaited 'snake house' at the Birsa Munda Zoological Park will open for public viewing in April. According to zoo administration sources, the snake house, which was constructed in 2008, was not opened because of unavailability of snakes.\"For the first 2-3 years, we did not get any snake. Last year, when we got some snakes, winter had set in and the snakes went into hibernation,\" said zoo director P K Verma.\"The house is likely to open in April, when summer begins and snakes also come out of hibernation,\" he added. The snakes that will be kept in the house are those caught in villages during the rainy season. All snakes in the house are of local breed like Banded Krait, Russell Viper, Rat snake, Indian Python and Land Boa, which can be easily spotted anywhere in the city during the rains.Verma said, \"After a few months, we will try to procure more varieties from other states also.\" Most of the snakes at the snake house have been provided by Bhuvaneshwar Malakar of Chanho, who is a snake lover and has been rescuing the snakes, which villagers try to kill. Malakar, who has been doing this work since 1984, said, \"When zoo officials came to know of me, they contacted me last year and requested me to give the rescued snakes for the snake house, as they were unable to find any. Since then, I have been providing them all the snakes.\" There are 15 cells in the house, which can accommodate 15 snake varieties. A snake expert will be in charge of the house at the zoo. \"We now have 25-30 snakes of seven varieties and are planning to get more,\" said Verma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12117823", "title": "Akhilesh ends Tour de UP, eyes top honours", "text": "LUCKNOW: After covering 9,403km and addressing more than 200 rallies, Samajwadi Party state president Akhilesh Yadav appeared a contended man on Friday. He is perhaps the only politician in UP to have undertaken such exhaustive campigning. \"The journey has been heartening, \" he says. If it will take him to the power corridors would be known only on March 6, the day of counting.Akhilesh kicked off his election campaign on Septmeber 13 when his Kranti Rath rolled out from Lucknow.When Akhilesh first announced his Kranti Rath Yatra schedule in early September -- three months before the election dates were announced - most of his rivals took it with a pinch of salt. The common refrain was that visiting 300 assembly constituencies and that too by road, won't be easy. Some saw it as superstition, drawing parallels to party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav's Kranti Rath of 1987. Mulayam drove through the dusty roads of the suburbs to become the UP chief minister in 1989.\"It is not about superstition. When Netaji (as Mulayam is known) started his Yatra, he saw the reactions of the common man on the streets. He saw how one can use such a Yatra to interact with that particular section of the population which never attends political rallies for shortage of time or limited means,\" Akhilesh says. \"To further update them (rivals), Netaji started his Kranti Rath Yatra on September 14, 1987. Mine started on September 13, 2011. I have no doubts at all that this Yatra will not yield results similar to 1987,\" he adds.Akhilesh outlines the objective of his Yatra as something beyond mere electioneering. The Yatra was finalised in January 2011 itself. As a part of the exercise, the party had started finalising the list of candidates for assembly election in February last year. The first list of 162 candidates was released on April 9. And, by July, majority of the candidates had been finalised. So, by the time Yatra took off in September, candidates had adeqaute time to start nurturing their constituencies.\"The Yatra gave us the opportunity to feel the pulse of the electorate at the ground level and a first hand assessment of the prospects of every candidate constituency wise,\" he says. The last and the most important part of it was interacting with the people on roads by way of public meetings during the Yatra. This way you get a chance to address those who generally don't attend rallies,\" younger Yadav adds.It was not all about the Rath Yatra. Akhilesh paddled around 200 km on bicycle, particularly in Ghaziabad, Agra and Noida. In the final phase of campaigning, though, he had to use a chopper to address more than 200 public meetings. \"I think there is not a single assembly constituency that I have missed,\" he says.The exercise was a major hit. As a result, the party managed to replace more than 70 candidates in the nick of time. \"Since I had visited the constituencies and gathered feedback first hand, there was no scope for anyone to paint a false picture of how popular a candidate was. The results, so far, are encouraging and hopefully translate into seats on March 6,\" says Akhilesh, who became an MP at the age of 27 years.Fitted with the latest gadgets and sufficient power back-up, the Rath is a modified minibus with all basic amenities. If there was anything missing, it was the family. \"The entire schedule was so hectic that this is for the first time when I couldn't spend enough time with my family,\" he says. \"Mostly by the time I was back home, it was around 11 in the night. So the kids were fast asleep. Since I had to leave early in the morning, I did not get the chance to be with them,\" he adds. Not surprisingly, as the campaigning for the final phase of election ended on Thursday evening, Akhilesh darted back to reach home early in the evening.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12119018", "title": "Akademi awardee to be feted", "text": "MANGALORE: Nearly 22 Konkani associations and periodicals will collectively honour poet Melvyn Rodrigues here on Saturday. Melvyn's collection of poems 'Prakraticho Paas' was selected for the Best Konkani Book Award for 2011 instituted by Sahitya Akademi, New Delhi. The award was conferred on him by akademi's chairman Sunil Gangopadhyaya at a function held in New Delhi on February 14.Konkani associations and periodicals under the leadership of Daiji Dubai , forum of Konkani writers in the UAE have taken the lead in this regard. Pundalik Naik, convenor, Konkani advisory board of the akademi will be the chief guest and Madhavi Sardesai, editor, Zaag and professor of Konkani at University of Goa and Fr Walter D'Mello, parish priest, Milagres church will be the guests of honour. Melvyn started writing at the age of 16. He is not only a poet but also seasoned short story writer, columnist and journalist. He has worked as a sub-editor in many periodicals. He has edited and published several books under the banner of Pragati Prakashan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12121469", "title": "Celebs day out at Mandarmani", "text": "All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. Our celebs certainly seem to believe in this.Their mantra - work hard, party even harder. And so it happened that Rituparna Sengupta , Ferdous, Manisha Koirala and Shrreya Pande gave into their wet and wild desires at Mandarmani.Says Shrreya, \"The tourist spot got a new water sports club. Being a certified scuba diver myself, I did not want to let go off such an opportunity.\" Recalling her underwater sports training in Bahamas, Shrreya adds, \"I was put in a cage, which was then immersed under water. There were sharks all around the cage. The training is all about understanding the nature of sharks.\"Both Ferdous and Shrreya indulged in parasailing at the venue. When asked about the \"Khamoshi\" girl, Ferdous was anything but khamosh. \"Oh, I am in love with her since \"1942: A Love Story\". I even told her that. Manisha, of course, started laughing on hearing that,\" said Ferdous, who is currently in Mandarmani shooting with Rimjhim Mitra for \" Last Mission\". \"I'm also in talks with Kaushik for \"Hiralal Pannalal,\" he signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12120862", "title": "Silver heist at leading jewellery store in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: As cops were busy fine-tuning security arrangements for vice-president of India Md Hamid Ansari , currently in city to attend the convocation at Utkal University, unidentified miscreants allegedly made off with silver ornaments from a leading jewelry store at Master Canteen here, late on Wednesday night.Though the exact cost of the stolen jewellery has not been ascertained yet, the store staff said it would not be less than Rs 10 lakh.The burglars, however, could not reach the chests on the second floor of the showroom, where gold and diamond jewellery was stored. The silver ornaments were displayed on the ground floor.Prima facie, police suspected the burglary was carried out by at least five men, though the CCTV footage showed only one man coming out of the showroom with a sack on his shoulder.\"The picture captured in the CCTV was very hazy. We are inquiring into the matter,\" said Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinjeet Singh.The burglary at the heavily guarded shopping complex has left police stumped. There is a traffic police outpost very close to the showroom.\"The accused broke eight locks to open the door of the showroom, facing Janpath. We suspect the involvement of private security guards deployed in the night. We are interrogating them,\" Singh said.Sources said the CCTVs installed on the corridor of the ground floor showed a security guard sleeping. \"The CCTVs showed that two or three persons were keeping a watch on the entire operation outside the showroom.One of them was standing near a traffic police outpost,\" said Gaurab Hans, an employee at the showroom.Recently, miscreants carried out a similar burglary in a laptop store at Saheed Nagar. Though their faces were clearly visible on CCTV cameras, police are yet to arrest anyone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "12119019", "title": "Nagaland min slams Enpo separate state demand", "text": "DIMAPUR: Minister for urban development &amp; higher education Shurhozelie Liezietsu on Thursday opposed Eastern Naga Public Organization's (Enpo) demand for a separate state and asked them whether they would accept the higher status accorded to the Nagas, if a solution to the Naga political problem is achieved.Speaking during the inauguration of NPF's Kiphire division office, Shurhozelie made it clear that the NPF has not termed the demand of ENPO as \"wrong\". However, he said it has left it to the wisdom of New Delhi as it is outside the purview of the state government.He added that the state government has recommended autonomy for the 4 districts of Eastern Nagaland as it was the only possible option with the government. \"We do not have power to go beyond this,\" he said.The veteran NPF leader said the Naga People's Front was against any further division of the Nagas. He added that the party has a written constitution which is 30 years old, but the demand of the ENPO was a recent phenomenon. He urged NPF workers in the ENPO areas not to be confused between party policies and the demand of Eastern Nagas as these were two different things.He said NPF has 14 MLAs out of 20 from eastern Nagaland. He advised party workers to be careful as the NPF should form the next government and solve the Naga political problem during their time.The NPF president said the NPF-led DAN government has achieved and brought stability to the state. \"Many times we have small differences among members, but on the whole we belong to one body,\" he said. He appealed to NPF leaders and workers to remain stable under any circumstance.Addressing party workers, Shurhozelie said NPF's policy is to stand for solution of the Naga political problem. He regretted that Nagas are unable to achieve the political solution due to \"division and violence\" against one another.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12116418", "title": "Medical college professor drowns self in well", "text": "CHENNAI: An assistant professor of the Chengalpet Medical College died after she jumped into a well in the backyard of her house in Venkattapuram near Ambattur on Friday morning.According to her family members, Jothilakshmi, 50, was on medication for mental depression. She took her life on the day when she was due for her treatment session at hospital.Around quarter past 6 in the morning, she darted out of the house and threw herself into the 30-foot-deep well. Jothilakshmi's daughter, Aishwarya, who was having tea, saw her mother rush out hysterically to the backyard. She tailed her mother but couldn't stop her from jumping. Aishwarya ran back and alerted her father Damodara Kumar. Desperate to save her, he too took the plunge. But Kumar couldn't locate her in the well that has water up to 20 feet.Hearing the cries from the house, neighbours rushed to the house and some of them alerted the police and firemen. They finally fished her out of the well, but she had no signs of life. Later Jothilakshmi was pronounced dead at a hospital.Police said Jothi had taken a transfer recently from Stanley Medical College Hospital to Chengalpet Medical College. Her husband is a professor at Pachaiyappa's College.\"Jothilakshmi was mentally depressed and her family is refusing to divulge why she took the extreme step. She did not leave behind any suicide note,\" said Ambattur police inspector Alfred Wilson.Ambattur police are probing the matter further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12121206", "title": "4,000 PAU members on dharna, seek salaries", "text": "LUDHIANA: After a blooming outing, the two-day Dr M S Randhawa Golden Jubilee Flower Show and Competition of Punjab Agricultural University concluded on Friday.The event had reportedly received overwhelming response from residents, private institutions, amateurs, nurseries, government and semi-government institutions.D S Cheema, the dean of College of Agriculture, PAU, said the colourful and fragrant flowers provided a rich feast to the eyes of the beholders.The institutions to fetch the maximum prizes included BCM Arya Model School-Shastri Nagar, DAV Public School-BRS Nagar, BCM Senior Secondary School-Chandigarh Road and DAV Public School-Pakhowal Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "singapore", "code": "12119887", "title": "Singapore employer pays Punjabi maid's shoplifting fine", "text": "SINGAPORE: A Singapore employer of an Indian-origin maid has bailed her out by paying the fine of SGD 2,600 (USD 2,076) imposed on her on charges of shoplifting.With this, 32-year-old Sandeep Kaur will be flying back to India, The Straits Times reported.Kaur, who worked in Singapore for seven years, was fined on Friday for shoplifting SGD 255 (USD 204) worth of costume jewellery, a sweater and a handbag from a departmental store on November 14, days before she was due to be married at her home in Punjab.She, however, got a respite after her businessman employer payed the fine and testified that she was \"rather simple in her ways\" and had never shopped alone, The newspaper reported.The businessman, who declined to be named, had also allowed the maid to stay at his home after she was released on bail, the report said.Defending Kaur, her lawyer S S Dhillon told the court that the incident had embarrassed Kaur's family in Punjab as the marriage ceremony had to be postponed at the eleventh hour.He urged the court to impose a nominal fine as the value of stolen items was not high and it was Kaur's first offence.District Judge Low Wee Ping noted the maid had worked diligently for seven years in Singapore and could not understand why she committed the offenses on her last day here.In Singapore, the maximum penalty for theft is a three-year jail term and a fine of SGD 10,000 (USD 7,987).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12116500", "title": "City Museum plans rust", "text": "Hyderabad has many museums. But Hyderabad does not have one City Museum.We have the Salar Jung Museum (SJM) which is famous the world over. It is known more as \"One Man Collection\" than something which is exclusively devoted to the city. Since the objective of the collector Mir Yousuf Ali Khan, Salar Jung III, was different he probably never thought of putting together something related to his city alone. The collection at SJM is great-over 40,000 objects-from clocks to daggers to paintings and manuscripts to collected from different parts of the globe. It is also the biggest revenue earning museum in the country.We also have a State Museum which has been inexplicably renamed as YSR State Museum. The State Museum in its original form was a doll house created by the Nizam Mir Osman Ali Khan for his daughter which he later decided to open for public. It had the potential to be turned into a City Museum but no one gave a thought. With the State Department of Archaeology and Museums crying for funds all the time the State Museum is a picture of neglect.There is also this Khazana Museum located in the close vicinity of Golconda Fort. Administrator turned historian V K Bawa, until a few years ago, was very enthusiastic about turning it into a place which could give, if not the entire picture of city's history and culture, then that of Golconda fort. This museum could showcase the phases which the 500-year-old fort has gone through. Built first by the Kakatiya dynasty the fort became an outpost of the Bahamanis. A little later when the Bahmani Kingdom disintegrated it served as the capital city for the Qutub Shahs. A few decades after the fort was captured by Moghal Emperor Aurangzeb, it became the military base as well as the holiday place for the Asaf Jahs. Golconda Fort, its surroundings and the majestic Qutub Shahi tombs still fascinate millions of visitors every year. Showing a clear sense of history Bawa got a study done on the fort by the Centre for Deccan Studies. He wanted the Khazana Museum to become the starting point of any tour of the fort where a visitor could be briefed about its past. But bureaucratic hurdles dowsed his zeal and left the Khazana building in shambles.We also have two private initiatives. One that was taken up Prince Muffakham Jah who rented a portion of Purani Haveli to set up the Nizam's Silver Jubilee Pavilion about 12 years ago. Though the Pavilion is related to Hyderabad it focuses largely on the rule of Mir Osman Ali Khan up to 1937, the year when he celebrated the Silver Jubilee of his reign. Though it has become part of the city tourism tour, it cannot be termed a city museum.The other initiative was by Princess Esra who painstakingly restored Chowmohalla Palace and opened it for public. Although the palace is winning awards and praises, it is nowhere close to what a city museum should be. There was a proposal to shift the Nizam's Pavilion to Chowmohalla to give a composite view of the Nizam's era. But it seems the proposal has almost fizzled out.For the last about 22 years the government is in thinking mode. It conceives but never delivers. Too bad. First, it thought of creating a city museum in Sardar Mahal, the South Zone headquarter of the GHMC. But the file has never moved. Then there was a proposal to build the city museum at the former city headquarter of the MCH at Darulshifa.Sensing the importance of the Darulshifa building and the open space that is lying unused there the Salar Jung Museum management has come forward with a well studied viable plan for the City Museum there. The SJM is backing its plan with the promise of necessary funding. One of the first attractive offers it has made is to host the legendary Nizams' jewellery which belongs to Hyderabad but is locked up in the RBI vaults permanently at the proposed City Museum. The government has agreed to this proposal in principle but is not looking at something which requires immediate attention. In the meantime, it is learnt that GHMC has received a proposal to convert the building into a shopping complex. There cannot be a bigger disaster for the old city if the Darulshifa building is given away for commercial purposes.The state government should, without any delay, grab the SJM offer, make its own contribution and present the people of Hyderabad with a long overdue City Museum reflecting the character of this grand metropolis over the centuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12116379", "title": "Padmalaya plays out dubious land plot", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hyderabad district administration's recent revelation on illegal transfer of government properties has put the spotlight on one of the city's most high profile film studios, the Padmalaya Studios in Filmnagar that falls in Shaikpet mandal. The studio, owned by veteran Tollywood actor G Siva Rama Krishna Murthy (popularly known as Krishna and father of reigning heartthrob Mahesh Babu), was given 9.518 acres of land in Shaikpet mandal way back in 1982 at a throwaway price of Rs 8,500 per acre, by the then state government. According to sources, the market price of the land at that time was approximately Rs 5 lakh per acre.This 9.5 acres was part of the 50-acre land that was given by the Chenna Reddy government to the Telugu film industry to lure them to move base from Chennai to Hyderabad.The land was given strictly for a film facility, under the Andhra Pradesh (Telangana area) alienation of state lands and land revenue rules of 1975. But the owners soon sold a good 5.3 acres to third parties. Currently, the studio stands on just about 4 acres valued at anywhere between Rs 350 and Rs 450 crore as per the prevailing market rates.While this issue of misappropriation of government land has been raised by several parties over the last few years, the property continues to be under the control of Padmalaya Studios. Part of this 5.3 acre land that was disposed was transferred to family members of Krishna, including his wife G Padmini Priya Darshini, daughter G Manjula, and family members of his two brothers G Adi Seshagiri Rao and G Hanumantha Rao. The land was also sold to private parties including Zee Telefilms Ltd and Creative Developers. According to sources, most of them were given 500 square yards each between 2002 and 2005.But these deals did not go unnoticed. A show cause notice was issued by the Hyderabad collector in March 2006, to resume the 5.3 acres as it was being used for reasons contrary to allotment conditions, but was turned down by the Y S Rajasekhara Reddy government in 2007. The government had stated that the collector had no authority to pass orders for resuming land as the AP government had allotted it . It had also given the studio owners complete authority to deal with the property in any which way as per the provisions of the Transfer of Property Act.However, the issue surfaced again when Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) member T Harish Rao moved the AP high court in 2008 against this \"illegal\" sale of land. He pointed out in his petition that alienating land meant for the studio by its owners violates Clause 2 of the Government Order (no 1512) that was issued during the sale of the property in 1982. He had also pointed out that the district administration failed to recover the land from the studio owners. He pointed out in his petition how ace badminton player and coach P Gopichand's academy was forced to give back a good 2.5 acres of its total 3 acre land in 2008 after the government found out that the area, despite the lapse of four and half years since its allotment, had not been put to use. \"However, in the case of Padmalaya Studios, the proceedings have been kept pending,\" he states in the petition. Pleading with the court to direct the government to resume the land, Rao had pointed out how this area (of about 50 acres) was given to AP State Film Development Corporation for the promotion of Telugu cinema that until the 80s was being made from Chennai. \"Alienating it for other commercial/residential purposes is against the rule of law,\" Rao says. The case is still pending in the high court. The last hearing of the case was held on June, 29, 2009.Owners of the studio, however, maintain that there are no cases against the sale of land and that the matter has been resolved by the chief commissioner of land administration level long ago. \"We have been declared the owners of the property. So what we do with it cannot be questioned,\" said Adi Seshagiri Rao, brother of actor Krishna, the face of Padmalaya studios.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12116989", "title": "Tatas to help govt set up info tech school", "text": "RANCHI: Chairman of Tata Sons Ratan Tata on Friday announced that the company would be \"partner in progress of Jharkhand\" and would support the state government's efforts to set up the proposed knowledge centre and Indian Institute of Information Technology (IIIT).\"I am happy to come here as we have a special relation with Jharkhand which is of more than 100 years old. We will be the partner of the state in its progress. I am happy that the chief minister has genuine concern for people and wants to bring changes in their lives,\" Tata said after an hour-long meeting with Arjun Munda, state land reforms and revenue minister Mathura Mahato, chief secretary S K Chaudhary and secretary N N Pandey.The Jharkhand government has already demarcated land for development of knowledge centre in Khunti district, around 40 km from here, and is working on the modalities for setting up the IIIT.\"The chief minister has put forward the proposal for help for development of knowledge centre and skill development of people and we will give all support,\" said Tata. He was accompanied by chairman-designate of Tata Sons Cyrus Mistry , vice-chairman of Tata Steel B Muthuraman and managing director of Tata Steel H M Nerurkar.On his plans and focus till his successor takes charge, Tata said he would work for smooth transition. However, he declined comment on the possibilities or plans of the company entering into the airline business. Mistry, who was on his maiden visit to Jharkhand after he was named Tata's successor, said he would also strive to maintain the century-old relation of the company. \"Jharkhand is the fountain of Tata and we will try to improve the relation,\" he said.The chief minister expressed happiness over the positive approach of the oldest industrial house of the country. \"We hope that the dream projects of knowledge centre and IIIT will bring desired changes in life of people of the state with the help of Tatas,\" said Munda.He praised the group for its philanthropic work not only in the state but also in other parts of the country by setting up institutions of international repute including Bhabha Atomic Research Centre. After the meeting, Tata along with Mistry and other company officials left for Jamshedpur where they will take part in the 173rd birth anniversary of Jamsetji Nusserwanji Tata on Saturday. The day is celebrated as Founder's Day and all the vital installations of the Steel City are decked up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12118070", "title": "Fare hike? Railway minister keeps everyone guessing", "text": "MUMBAI: Railway minister Dinesh Trivedi on Friday refused to commit himself on the touchy issue of a hike in passenger fares in the coming budget. Fares have not been increased in eight years and there is pressure on the minister to improve the finances of the railways.While Rajya Sabha MP Bhalchandra Mungekar urged Trivedi to increase fares as the railways might otherwise go the Air India way, former minister and Lok Sabha MP Gurudas Kamat requested him to spare the \"poor Mumbaikar\" of further financial hardships by avoiding a fare hike in the budget.Dropping a subtle hint, Trivedi said: \"The railways has already taken care of the poor by introducing the Izzat monthly season ticket (MST) scheme for people in the Below Poverty Line (BPL) category. We can, though, consider increasing the travel limit from the existing 100 km.\"On a worrying note, the minister said Mumbai's suburban railway services were suffering a loss of Rs 1,000 crore and introducing more trains would lead to further financial trouble. Conceding that the finances of the railways were not too healthy, Trivedi pointed out that the operating (expense:income) ratio of Central Railways was 112% till January 2012 in the current fiscal; it was 116% in the previous financial year.So, what's the solution? Trivedi said he favoured a mix of budgetary support, borrowings, internally generated revenue and earnings through public-private partnership (PPP) to make the finances of the railways secure. The railway authorities would have to take the build-operate-transfer or PPP route for development of stations and facilities, a senior government official told TOI.Budget 2012Rail Budget 2012Pre Budget 2012Budget News 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117056", "title": "\u2018Tough to meet SC homeless norms\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: There is not much room for construction of new night shelters for the homeless in the country's financial capital.The BMC has written to the state government to convey its inability to observe Supreme Court guidelines on night shelters.Hearing a petition filed by the People's Union for Civil Liberties, an SC bench comprising Justice Dalveer Bhandari and Justice Gyan Sudha Mishra had on May 5, 2010, directed cities with a population of 5 lakh or more to construct one shelter for every one lakh people.After several extensions, state chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad finally submitted an affidavit on January 6, claiming that the \"state was fully committed to the apex court's guidelines for establishment, operation and maintenance of shelters.\" As per the court's directives, Mumbai that has a population of 1.25 crore needs to construct 125 shelters. The BMC, however, wants the court to reduce the number to 25.The civic planning department has cited \"acute shortage of space, lack of need, and the possibility of increase in migration\" as reasons for inability to comply with SC guidelines.The city has seven operational NGO-run night shelters that can accommodate nearly 250 people. However, a BMC survey in 2010 had pegged the number of homeless in the city at 35,400.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12117254", "title": "54,000 new properties in Pimpri-Chinchwad in 3 years", "text": "PUNE: A total of 54,000 new properties have come up in Pimpri Chinchwad city in the past three years as per the records of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC)'s property tax department.There are now 3.25 lakh properties in Pimpri Chinchwad.Figures made available by the property tax department show that there were 2.71 lakh properties in the city till March 31, 2009. There was an increase of 17,000 properties in 2009-10.In the subsequent year - between 2010 and 2011 - the number of properties increased from 2.88 lakh to 3.07 lakh. In 2011-12, the number went up to 3.25 lakh.Shahji Pawar, assistant commissioner and chief of property tax department, PCMC said, \"Large numbers of properties have come up in Sangvi, Thergaon, Bhosari, Chinchwad, Pimpri Waghire and Chikhli areas in 2011-12. There was an addition of 3,000 properties each in Sangvi and Thergaon divisions; 1,800 in Bhosari division; 1,400 properties in Pimpri division; 1,300 in Chikhli division and 1,200 properties in Chinchwad division in 2011-12 till February 29.\"Pawar said that the property tax department has for the first time crossed the mark of Rs 160 crore in annual income.The annual property tax collection target for 2011-12 is Rs 180 crore. Last year, PCMC's property tax collection had reached Rs 159 crore.Pawar expressed confidence that the department will achieve the target and set a new record of annual property tax collection.He said that in the year 2008-09, the property tax department had collected Rs 89.57 crore.The collection crossed the Rs 100-crore mark in 2009-10, when it earned property tax of Rs 102.46 crore. In 2010-11, tax collection crossed the Rs 150 crore.Meanwhile, the civic administration has spent Rs 365 crore on development projects in the current financial year.The engineering department spent Rs 178 crore on development projects. The garden department has spent Rs 7 crore and another Rs 10 crore have been spent on land acquisition.The PCMC has spent Rs 15 crore on development works for the urban poor living in the city.Pawar said that Rs 23 crore each have been spent on the electricity department and on water supply and drainage department works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "12118988", "title": "Tea planter escapes from kidnappers", "text": "DIBRUGARH: A well-known Kolkata-based tea planter and businessman who was kidnapped from Jeypore in Dibrugarh district on Thursday made a dramatic escape within hours of his abduction by jumping out of a moving car.According to police, the 54-year-old tea planter, Neeraj Bhatia, who owns Dhapiti Tea Estate in Jeypore, was abducted by two pistol-wielding men while he was stepping out of his car after parking it. The incident took place around 7.30 pm on Thursday when the businessman was going to attend a meeting in Jeypore on the forthcoming Holi festival.The abductors forcibly snatched the keys of his car and forced him into the backseat of the vehicle. One of the miscreants drove the car while another sat next to the businessman. Significantly, Bhatia's nephew and an elderly female relative, who were also in the car with him, were allowed to leave.Narrating the incident, Bhatia said that the abductors drove through the Naharkatia-Moran road before touching the NH-37 and were planning to take him to an unknown destination. \"The abductors were speaking in broken Hindi. One of them was saying that I'll be taken to a camp in Jorhat. They were driving the car at a very high speed. Just as we were about to cross Sivasagar town, we encountered a traffic jam near the Indian Oil petrol depot at Bhatiapara on the bypass and the abductors were forced to slow down the vehicle. I sensed my opportunity and, unlocking the door, jumped from the moving vehicle. Then I ran to a nearby dhaba under the cover of darkness and hid there. The abductors, probably taken by surprise by my swift action, simply speeded away,\" said Bhatia.The tea planter, who sustained injuries during his escape, was later taken to Sivasagar civil hospital by the police. Apart from the vehicle, the abductors also took away Bhatia's wristwatch, cellphone, three gold rings and his wallet.The police have ruled out the involvement of any militant group in the incident. \"Going by the modus operandi, it's most likely the handiwork of an interstate car theft racket. We're investigating the case,\" said a police official. The police are yet to trace the stolen vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12116809", "title": "Patna University Teachers\u2019 Association executive seats filled sans contest", "text": "PATNA: That Patna University (PU) teachers are losing interest in association activities came to the fore here on Friday when a majority of the seats of Patna University Teachers' Association (Puta) executive were filled without any contest. Friday was the last day for filing nominations for election to the various offices of Puta.The constituencies where there would be no election for executive membership are Patna College, Patna Science College, Patna Women's College (PWC), and faculties of law, commerce, education, arts and science. In PWC, only one teacher filed nomination even as there are two seats from this constituency.B N College seems to be the only vibrant constituency from where as many as six teachers filed their nominations against four seats. The date of withdrawal of nomination is March 5. The elections will be held on March 17, said Puta election chief returning officer S R Padmadeo. As many as four teachers have filed nominations for Puta presidentship.They are PU economics department head Rai Murari, PU students' welfare dean P K Poddar, ancient Indian history and archaeology department teacher B K Jamuar and PU history teacher Ran Vijay Kumar. For the post of general secretary, six teachers have filed their nominations. They are Patna Training College principal Khagendra Kumar, commerce teacher S B Lal, Patna Science College teacher Anil Kumar, PWC teacher Kumari Rupam, Magadh Mahila College teacher Surajdeo Singh and B N College teacher Asutosh Kumar.There are six contestants for two posts of vice-presidents. They are personnel management and industrial relations department head Prabhakar Jha, B N College teachers Bal Gangadhar Prasad, M N Sinha and Javed Hayat, Urdu teacher Israel Raza and ancient Indian history and archaeology teacher B K Jamuar. For two posts of joint secretaries, as many as seven teachers have filed nominations.They are S S Prasad, Kumari Rupam, Awadhesh Kumar, N L Paswan, Manoj Kumar Sinha, Madhu Rani Sinha and A R K Sinha. Teachers who have filed their nominations for the post of treasurer include Kameshwar Pandit, Manoj Kumar Sinha and S S Prasad. A final picture of the electoral battle will emerge after the withdrawal of nominations on March 5, said a senior PU teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12119147", "title": "Daughter paying for locking horns with \u2018molester\u2019 cops: Dad", "text": "JAIPUR: Parents of the arrested paraplegic girl who is being treated at Jaipur's SMS Hospital alleged on Friday that their daughter was being framed by police for complaining against the cops who allegedly molested her.The 21-year-old girl became 80% paralytic in a suicide bid by jumping in front of moving train after she was allegedly molested by three policemen, including the then Pratap Nagar police station's in-charge Ram Niwas Bishnoi, on January 23, 2011.The girl had been summoned to the police station a day earlier in connection with the investigations into the missing case of one of her friends. Her one leg had to be amputated and the other got paralytic as it was hit by the train. As women organisations protested and the matter hit headlines, the city police later arrested Bishnoi and the two other accused cops.\"My daughter is now paying the price for locking horns with her molesters. The police have framed her just to their own men,\" alleged Constable Shivdan Singh, father of the arrested paraplegic girl.More than a year after the suicide attempt, the Jaipur police arrested the girl on Tuesday charges of being involved in the kidnapping and sexual exploitation of her missing friend, who was finally recovered in May 2011. The police said it made the arrest on the basis of her friend's statements made before a magistrate and on the directions of the Rajasthan high court.\"My daughter's friend, who alleges that she was kidnapped, had taken up a private job at Agra for around 12 days during the period she was missing. When her employer says she used to come to office alone and used to carry a mobile phone, how is it possible that she could never inform her parents about the kidnapping and her location?\" asked Singh, the arrested girl's father.The girl's mother, Kiran Devi, alleged that accused officer Bishnoi's men have been threatening her family to withdraw the complaint. \"First they offered us Rs 1 crore asking us to withdraw the case. When my family did not succumb to the bribe, Bishnoi's men came to my house armed and threatened of us of dire consequences.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12118762", "title": "BJP regime responsible for quota issues: CM", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Friday blamed the BJP for the two major controversies the state has faced in recent times: the Gujjar reservation and the reservations in promotions. Gehlot alleged that the decisions taken by the former BJP government on the two issues resulted in caste-conflict in the state.Addressing the House, Gehlot said the BJP government went ahead announcing 5 per cent reservation for special backward classes including Gujjars and 14 per cent reservation for the economically backward, knowing that reservation in the state can exceed 50 per cent only after an approval from the Parliament. \"You were well aware that it cannot be done at the state level,'' said Gehlot, addressing the Opposition benches.The chief minister then added that similarly, the then state government failed to timely implement the Supreme Court's verdict on the M Nagraj case in 2006. \"The BJP in 2008 withdrew the 2002 notification allowing reservation in promotions, which the high court put a stay on. Now the legal battle continues and the state government has been found guilty of contempt,'' said Gehlot. The chief minister said that history would never forgive the previous BJP government for these two decisions.He began his speech criticizing certain remarks made senior BJP legislator Gulab Chand Kataria, who had spoken just before him. \"The senior legislator coming from Udaipur alleged that the Congress conspires to be in power. The Congress does not care about being power and has led by example through its dedication and sacrifices including that of lives,'' said Gehlot.Replying to the opposition's allegation of corruption in National Rural Health Mission, he said it was unfair to cry foul just because the sons of union ministers were associated with the company. \"I personally looked into it, and though the son of union minister P Chidambaram is a director, he holds no stake in the company. The son of union minister Vayalar Ravi also does not have a major stake,'' said Gehlot.He said the government's 'Prashashan Gaon ki Aur' benefited 81 lakh people. He listed out increase in power production, railway lines in Baswara, Dungarpur and recruitment of 57,694 persons, apart from flagship programmes like housing scheme for rural BPL families, free medicines and Janani-Shishu Suraksha Yojna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "barcelona", "code": "12120294", "title": "Airtel: Mobile tariff to go up if spectrum is charged", "text": "BARCELONA: Indian mobile phone users will have to pay more if the service providers are charged for spectrum, which was earlier given free to the operators, Chairman of the country's largest telecom company Bharti Airtel has said.\"We have been offering services with lower tariffs when we have not been charged for spectrum. Going ahead, if it (spectrum) will be charged, we will also have to charge the customer,\" Mittal told PTI.Old operators have been contesting the proposed one-time charge for the extra spectrum held with them.He was here for the annual global telecommunications event -- Mobile World Congress -- which concluded yesterday.Most of the mobile operators including Bharti Airtel, have already raised user charges by about 20 per cent in the wake of rising cost of operation and cut-throat competition.Mittal said while the industry is for providing affordable service, its own interest must also be safeguarded.\"We will favour affordable service which should be viable for industry... Who will gain if our business is shut down?... This has to be balanced,\" he said.The government proposes to delink allocation of airwaves from licences in the New Telecom Policy (NTP), which is expected to be unveiled next month.The existing operators were given spectrum bundled with licences, which only were charged.The Bharti chief said India's telecom tariffs are still among the cheapest in the world -- even lower than Africa.\"(Tariffs in India) are still best in the world. Rates in Africa are 7 cents which is Rs 3.5 per minute,\" Mittal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "gurdev nagar", "code": "12121393", "title": "Meditation helps me win", "text": "Gurdev Nagar: Meditation played a vital role in her win in the All India Kumar Surendra shooting championship that was held in New Delhi recently. Aditi Sewak of Gurdev Nagar, who won a bronze medal in the team event, says she used to meditate twice a day that helped her form good concentration and improve her focus. Her team won medal in 10-metre air pistol competition. Harveen Saroa of Patiala and Ruby Tomar of Badal village were among the other shooters.Aditi, 18, says the win lifted her morale and motivated her to train hard to perform better in the future championships. She said there was proper co-ordination and co-operation among her teammates and it was one of the main reasons that they won medals in that competition.A graduate student in Punjab Agricultural University, she has won many medals in the state and national shooting competitions while training under coach, Gurjeet Singh, at the shooting range in Government College. Shooting fascinated me from childhood and I started practicing this game in my school days under coach Chander Sharma, says Aditi.She has attended a shooting camp in Pune, Maharashtra, that helped her groomed a lot. She said the city has a vast talent in the sport but needs more professional approach and infrastructure.Aditi also won a gold medal in All India inter-university shooting competition that was held in Jiwaji University at Gwalior. Her mother Anu said her daughter' desire is to represent the country at an international level. Aditi' coach Gurjeet Singh said she is a promising player.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12116416", "title": "Opposition questions govt on NREGS\u2019 working", "text": "HYDERABAD: Brushing aside the demand of opposition parties to constitute a house committee to probe irregularities in the implementation of Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme, the state government said it would appoint a district-level monitoring cell headed by a senior official to oversee NREGS works to prevent irregularities.The assurance came after a three hour heated debate in the Assembly wherein opposition parties alleged that the UPA government's flagship programme had become a golden goose for ruling party workers. The House was informed that Rs 17 crore of the Rs 48 crore misappropriated amount was recovered and efforts were underway to bring all the accused to book.The subject came up for discussion during question hour wherein government admitted that Rs 121 crore was found to have been 'deviated' while implementing various works. TDP member Ravula Chandrasekhara Reddy, who raised the issue, questioned the sanctity of a social audit as they were being finalized without holding the mandatory grama sabhas.Intervening in the debate, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy said the Centre would soon announce a policy to synchronise NREGP with agriculture to overcome shortage of agriculture labour.Earlier in the day, TDP members stalled the Assembly demanding constitution of a House committee to monitor implementation of NREGP, as it was being misused by ruling party members. Speaker Nadendla Manohar was forced to adjourn the House at 10.15 am after TDP members stormed the Speaker's podium demanding constitution of a House Committee. It took almost two hours for the House to resume debate on the subject.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12117916", "title": "Smart tags soon for Delhi-Chandigarh highway", "text": "NEW DELHI: The highway ministry's ambitious project of introducing a common smart tag for all toll plazas across the country will be tried out on the NH-1's Delhi-Chandigarh stretch. By May-end, the new technology will be tested on a pilot basis before other tolled stretches are included in the project. The government aims to introduce a singe radio frequency identification (RFID) smart tag that can be used at all toll plazas by end-2013.At a meeting held on Friday, under the chairmanship of highways minister CP Joshi , it was decided that the first project - on the 250-km stretch in NH1 - needs to be expedited. Three toll operators own different stretches of the corridor, and the NHAI will also test the technology's inter-operability. Sources said the facility would be first installed at the toll plaza in Panipat.A major private banker has offered free service to manage the collection and disbursal of the toll charge among all the three operators - GMR, Soma-Isolux and L&amp;T.; The bank will provide facilities for recharging the tags at commuters' convenience. The RFID tag promises to improve vehicle clearance at toll plazas since the vehicle users don't have to stop and pay cash at counters. The censors placed at toll gates will read the tag from a certain distance and bamboo barrier will go up automatically.The new tags will come cheaper and are likely to shift most of the cash lane users to tag users, reducing congestion and help plug revenue leakage. Annually, the NHAI loses about Rs 1,200 crore due to leakages and several man hours are also wasted because of idling vehicles at plazas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12118815", "title": "Spurt in online banking frauds leaves state policemen baffled", "text": "INDORE: Crimes related to online banking frauds are on the rise in Madhya Pradesh, particularly the business capital of the state, Indore. The crime branch of the Indore police received 100 complaints related to cyber crimes over the past one year of which 20 cases were related to online banking scam.The crime branch had registered one such complaint, lodged by one of the leading Hindi daily of the region, Nai Duniya, on September 26, 2011 at Annapurna police station. Giving details about the case, the head of crime branch of Indore Police, Jitendra Singh, said that in the case, nine current accounts of the company were compromised by the online banking fraudsters at Indore, Bhopal and Jabalpur and thus siphoning off a sum of Rs 9.75 lakh. The matter is still under investigation.In a major online banking con case, Rs 30 lakh was siphoned off by miscreants from the branch of State Bank of India at RNT Marg in the city in August last year. \"We were able to crack the case within a month of the crime and successfully recovered the amount from the accused,\" said Singh.According to the cyber crime cell of the state police, the complaints that the cell received have steadily been increasing from 15 in 2008 to 214 in 2009 and another 500 plus complaints in 2010.The fraudsters adopt different modus operandi starting from simple phishing mails, which are sent to unassuming customers asking for user ID and passwords, to sophisticated browser-based attacks, where the customers do not even realize that their transaction details have been changed and money gets transferred to a different account.Suggesting the ways out to tackle the growing menace, a senior banker told ToI from Bhopal, \"Use safe banking channels to ensure the safe banking. Banks should strengthen know your customer (KYC) norms and also they must focus their attention on marketing intelligence system. The customers should use those ATMs, which are located in crowded areas,\" said the banker.Meanwhile, A Sai Manohar, senior superintendent of police, Indore, says, \"Criminals adopt technology faster than law enforcement agencies. The forthcoming two-day seminar on use of information technology in police functioning, being held with support of Bureau of Police Research and Development, ministry of home affairs from March 3, is a small beginning towards the capacity building exercise of the state police to make its cops tech savvy.\"The Indore police recently asked all the banks in the city to connect their ATM monitoring mechanism with its cyber cell to crack the whip faster in case of such crimes.In a recent case, which took place in the state, it was found that the fraudster had used a chip and got the entire info about the debit card, which had got stuck in the ATM for a longer duration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12121043", "title": "Young Tax Professional of the Year Award", "text": "Are you good at cracking numbers and have the potential to be an ace tax professional? If yes, here is your chance to win an awardAn international competition for the award, Young Tax Professional of the Year, allows successful students, who are chosen from more than 20 countries, to participate and demonstrate their tax technical and professional skills.Launched by Ernst &amp; Young, the award in its second year, offers students the opportunity to broaden horizons as well as to learn and share experiences with people from diverse backgrounds.Karen Wauters, Ernst &amp; Young EMEIA Tax People Leader, points out that tomorrow's leaders have to work across borders - and actively look for different experiences and perspectives to tackle bigger challenges in the future.Stephan Kuhn, Ernst &amp; Young EMEIA Tax Leader says, \"We started the Ernst &amp; Young Tax Professional of the Year programme to recognise talent among our next generation of tax leaders at an early stage and encourage them to pursue the opportunities our profession offers. We need to demonstrate to tax directors and tax administrations globally that investment in future tax talent is essential.\"Hands-on experienceParticipants will have access to global leadership training and one-on-one technical coaching, as well as the opportunity to make long-lasting connections with leading figures from global organisations, learning along the way, and understanding what the challenges are for the profession.The Young Tax Professional of the Year is split into two stages - local and international. During the initial competition in the home country, candidates will be tested for their technical abilities and wider commercial strengths.At the international final, taking place in Boston, US, successful country finalists will have the chance to work closely with a diverse range of professionals. They will be challenged with case studies and interviews before expert judges. The panel will then confirm the three winners of the Young Tax Professional of the Year Award.The finalists will be invited to an awards ceremony where, after a performance review, the winners will be announced. The three winners will be presented with prizes that provide an opportunity for personal experience as well as connection and understanding of the various tax markets.Winner takes it allFirst Prize: A 30-day round-the-world business trip built around working visits to key Ernst &amp; Young Area Tax Centres in London, Washington DC and Hong Kong Second Prize: A 10-day visit to one of Ernst &amp; Young's Area Tax Centers Third Prize: An invitation to participate in an Ernst &amp; Young international client conference For more, log on to www.ey.com/ytpyCourtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12117877", "title": "Top ISS officials in purchase scam", "text": "NAGPUR: Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) conducted searches at five places in Nagpur and also at Dwarka in Delhi on Friday in connection with purchase scam in Central Board of Workers' Education (CBWE). Eight persons, including a top official of Indian Statistical Service (ISS), were booked for the alleged fraud amounting to 97 lakh. The alleged fraud took place between 2004 and 2007.Top CBWE officials and private suppliers allegedly colluded for personal gains inflicting losses on the central government. Following an internal audit and CBI's preliminary investigations, offence has been registered against the then executive director of CBWE V Parameshwaram, now posted as deputy director general in the ministry of statistics and programme implementation.Two retired deputy directors B Sundar and KS Armugam too have been booked along with assistant directors DP Graham and B Ramesh Babu. CBI has also made accountants Bimal Sarkar and SK Behera co-accused in the case. Private suppliers and retailers Rajesh Tripathi and Shashi Chavan too have been named as accused. CBI team under Inspector Pradeep Lande, KK Singh, H Jangir and others conducted searches at the homes of accused persons at Hingna, Bajaj Nagar, Manas Sewa Nagar, Seminary Hills, Ambazari Road and other places.CBWE, that organizes several beneficial programmes for workers in central government units, has its headquarters in the city. Its officials had offered exorbitant rates for equipment used for training and also floated tenders among limited parties. Apparently, CBWE had purchased 48 cameras from Tripathi's firm for 25,977 each when the market price was only around 10,000. Some 60 pendrives of 1 GB capacity were bought for 13,459 each against market price between 800 and 1,000. It was also learnt that 241 computers were purchased at 56,260 each when the government departments were supposed to offer around 32,000 per piece.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12118907", "title": "\u2018Calls to RTO\u2019s toll-free complaint number always go unanswered\u2019", "text": "NASHIK: According to the regional transport officer, Nashik, it has now been over a year since the regional transport office (RTO) floated a toll-free number (1800-233-1516) for people to register complaints against autorickshaw drivers and bus drivers. However, the helpline isn't working anymore, according to people who tried to call in to lodge complaints.Regional transport officer Chandrakant Kharatmal said that the response of Nashikites to the toll-free number was lukewarm. Subsequently, when TOI published the number in its February 26 edition ('Errant autorickshaw drivers'), many readers called in to say that though they wanted to complain to the RTO about various issues, no one picked up the phone at the RTO.If there is anything that is worrying Nashikites, it is erratic vehicular traffic and the attitude of autorickshaw drivers. Almost regularly, there are instances of brawls and fights in which auto drivers are involved. Narendra Patil, a resident of the Nashik Road area, said that a few days back, a bus driver was badly beaten up by a rickshaw driver in front of Anuradha Talkies in the Nashik Road area. A few weeks back, there were also reports that an auto driver attempted to set ablaze a traffic cop on duty. Most persons commuting by rickshaws have to be at the receiving end of such instances of crimes by unruly auto drivers.Auto drivers are also in the habit of charging astronomical fares during night time. While the RTO and the police administration is aware of this issue, no concrete steps have been taken in this regard by the concerned departments for decades.Kharatmal had told TOI that his department had issued a toll-free number in public interest to ensure that all the grievances of bus and auto passengers are addressed by the department. Even before TOI published the number in its Feb 26 edition, many readers had been complaining that the toll-free number had not been working from a long time.Nashik resident Prabhakar Sasane said that every time he had called the said number, there was no response from the other side. Sasane added that there are numerous incidents that happen to auto and bus passengers every day and that it is sad that when commuters need to lodge a complaint in that regard, there is no one on the other end of the line to help.Kharatmal was not available for comment with regards to this issue. Deputy RTO Subhash Pedamkar said that the number is computer operated and operators check the complaints made every day at a particular time. When asked why there was no kind of response on the number, Pedamkar assured that he would look into the matter at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12109225", "title": "Chitrangada Singh lashes out at Poonam Pandey", "text": "As the adage goes, the higher you soar, the harder you fall. In a fickle world where careers are made and broken every weekend, box office numbers are the only failsafe to determine the way the tide will turn in future.Actress Chitrangada Singh bounced back by attacking strip queen Poonam Pandey , who has shortly become much talked about Indian Celebrity World wide.Chitrangada tweeted, \" How do you compete with Poonam Pandey, when she is ready strip for kabbadi matches? (sic)\".Poonam has maintained a stoic silence on Chitrangada's rant.While the drama will continue to unfold in the media and on microblogging site Twitter, industry pundits are finally raising the question that many already have on their minds: Is this the beginning of downslide for Poonam Pandey?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12118479", "title": "2,700 street vendors to get permanent shops soon", "text": "GURGAON: Over 2,700 roadside vendors in the city will soon get a permanent place to sell their goods. These shops will not only have seating arrangement, but also the basic amenities that are required to sell their goods. The civic body has prepared a ward-wise list of these vendors and a biometric record has been prepared with the names.The decision was taken in a recent meeting held between held between top MCG officials and MCG chief Sudhir Rajpal. The officials of MCG's engineering wing have been asked to conduct a survey and determine the number of vendor selling their goods from shacks or thelas. The MCG chief has also asked Gurgaon residents to inform the civic body if they know of any such vendor in their wards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12118977", "title": "SC commissioners to look into tea workers'death", "text": "SILCHAR: The Supreme Court commissioners (SCC) on the right to food have taken cognizance of the alleged starvation deaths in Bhuvan Valley tea garden in Cachar district on the basis of the complaint filed by the Barak Human Rights Protection Committee (BHRPC).The BHRPC reported that at least 12 workers died reportedly from starvation, malnutrition and lack of medical care during the four months, from October 8, 2011 to February 8 2012, when the garden remained closed. 43 workers are still in critical conditions.The committee said it found blatant violations of the provisions of the Plantation Labour Act, 1951, constitutional mandates regarding right to food, health and adequate housing and violations of the Supreme Court directives issued in the writ petition (civil) 196 of 2001. The SC commissioners asked the state advisor to take further actions. The office of the SCC also assured the committee a follow-up of the matter.Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi has asked excise minister Ajit Singh to visit the garden and take stock of the situation. An official said that Singh, who is also an MLA from Udharband segment in Cachar district and assistant general secretary of the Intuc-affiliated Barak Cha Shramik Union (BCSU), will visit the garden on Saturday. Singh will also hold a meeting with deputy commissioner (Cachar) Harendra Kumar Dev Mahanta to review the situation in Bhuvan Valley tea garden on Friday evening.Sources said the condition of about 45 workers is critical as a starvation-like situation still prevails in the garden.The action of the management to lock out the garden including two of it's out-gardens, Didarkush and Chengjur in October last year, left 500 permanent and an estimated of another 500 casual workers jobless leading to a situation of starvation and health hazards in the garden due to non-availability of wage, ration and medical facilities. The owners agreed to reopen the garden only after the Cachar district administration intervened.The administration asked the owners of the garden to pay a sum of Rs 24 lakh to the workers and employees as their outstanding wage and provident fund immediately. Sources say the owners, while agreeing to the proposal of the government, paid only the current amount of wage and ration to the workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12118895", "title": "After 2 years, city grapes to be served on German tables", "text": "NASHIK: After blocking import of Indian table grapes for the past two years, Germany has started placing trial orders to import grapes from India after crucial meetings between an Indian delegation and the German authorities held in Berlin recently.In the 2010 grape season (Jan-April), European countries had rejected Indian consignments of grapes due to presence of a chemical residue. After efforts from government and exporters, European countries, except Germany, had accepted some consignments of grapes at lower rates, while the rest of the consignments were diverted to Russia, Dubai, and other countries. Since then, Germany had stopped import of table grapes from India on safety grounds.\"A delegation of Agriculture and Processed Food Products Export Development Authority (APEDA), National Research Centre (NRC), Pune and Grape Exporters' Association of India (GEAI) had visited Germany last month and held talks with the authority concerned and the importers and convinced them to start importing Indian table grapes. As a result, Germany has started placing trial orders to the Indian exporters. The orders have been given to some Indian exporters,\" a senior official from APEDA told TOI.A senior official from the agriculture department said that the initial order placed by Germany was to the tune of 50 containers or around 600 tonne.Though the contribution of European countries in total grapes export from India is around 30-40 per cent, value-wise its contribution is around 50-55 per cent as Europe pays better prices to Indian grapes. In 2010-11, India's total grape export was 99,278.53 tonne amounting to around Rs 412 crore, of which, 30,284.62 tonne of grapes amounting close to Rs 200 crore were exported to European countries. Of the total grapes exported to Europe, Germany contributes around 40 per cent.\"We have finally resolved the grapes export issue with the Germany. The talks of Indian delegation with the Germany authority concerned and importers were successful. Germany has already started placing orders to Indian grape exporters,\" Jagannath Khapare, president of GEAI, said.Khapre said it was after the pesticide issue in 2010, Germany stopped importing grapes from India on safety grounds. \"During the last grape season (in 2011), production was badly affected due to unseasonal rains in Nashik district, causing low produce. Hence, there was no impact of Germany rejecting the consignments. A bumper produce is expected in this grape season. As Germany is a major importer of Indian grapes, we need to sort out the German issue at the earliest,\" he had told TOI earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12117579", "title": "Tension in Vadgaon Budruk after firing incident, 3 held", "text": "PUNE: Tension prevailed at Tukainagar in Vadgaon Budruk on Thursday night after a criminal on police record and his six accomplices opened fire on a motor mechanic's house suspecting him to be a police informer.The attackers also fired at the policemen who rushed to the spot after being alerted by residents. However, the policemen, who were not carrying arms, escaped unhurt in the firing. Four attackers, including a minor, were nabbed, but the main suspect, Mahesh alias Bunty Prakash Pawar, and two others managed to escape. A country-made revolver and a sharp weapon were recovered from the culprits.The arrested suspects have been identified as Damodar Pandurang Dhutawale (20) of Samarthanagar, Vadgaon; Pramod alias Gotya Maruti Tirathe (21) of Vadgaon Budruk; and Sagar alias Gotya Baban Chakankar (23) of Baner. All of them were produced in a court on Friday, which sent them to police custody till March 6. The minor has been sent of judicial custody.Following the firing, tension prevailed in Tukainagar area till midnight. A large number of policemen were deployed in the area. Search operations were on till early Friday morning.According to Namdev Kauthale, assistant police inspector of Haveli police station, the attackers came to Parag Bhuwad's house in Tukainagar slums around 9.30 pm and asked him to come out. When there was no response from Bhuwad's house, the men fired two shots on the door and started breaking the door. \"In the meantime, the neighbours informed constable Ashok Taru about the incident. Taru and two other constables R V Chandanshive and V R Pradhan rushed to the spot,\" Kauthale said.On seeing the policemen, Pawar and Dhutawale fired two rounds at them, but no one was hurt. The policemen immediately called for additional force. Taru said when he asked Pawar to surrender, he threatened him with the gun. The three men managed to escape when the additional force arrived at the scene.Investigations have revealed that Pawar was suspecting that Bhuwad, who works in a local garage, was a police informer. He also had a fight with Bhuwad recently. Pawar has seven cases registered against him. These include cases of murder, attempt to murder, rape, extortion and arms act, Kauthale said.Seeking police custody of the arrested, public prosecutor Sanjay Wadhawane told the court that police investigations have revealed that the suspects were criminals on police record. Wadhawane said, Pawar was possessing more firearms and also supplying them to some persons.Superintendent of police (Pune rural) Shahaji Solunke and additional superintendent of police Ramnath Pokle visited the spot. Solunke announced cash rewards for constables Taru, Chandanshive and Pradhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12118614", "title": "2G verdict: Auction can't be only way to allot natural assets, government says", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Friday moved the Supreme Court questioning its authority over ruling against the first-come first-served policy, while staying away from challenging the cancellation of 122 mobile licences issued during jailed telecom minister A Raja's term.The petition faulted the judgment on the aspects of auction and cognizance, while insisting that it was fine with the headline grabbing component - cancellation of licences. Raja also moved the apex court seeking review of the order.In its review petition, the Centre said the apex court had entered the executive's domain by suggesting that auctions, instead of FCFS should be the preferred route for allocation of natural resources such as spectrum and mining and coal rights. The government reckons such decisions are beyond the limits of judicial review as they are not in line with the principles for separation of powers that are laid down in the Constitution.In a separate petition on Thursday, the government had told the court that the order would throw up anomalies in prosecution of public servants. It contended that \"the question of sanction gets attracted only at the stage of cognizance after filing of complaint\". In an earlier ruling, the court had observed that permission would be deemed to have been granted if an application was not cleared within a stipulated time.'Not possible in 4 months'Also, it has told the court that the process of issuing fresh licences and allocating spectrum could take up to 400 days instead of the court-mandated four months.As reported first by TOI on February 4, the opinion in the government is that the ruling will have significant implications for other sectors too since in areas such as banking and mutual funds, licences are awarded on the basis of the regulator's review of the proposal.The government, which, while terribly uneasy over the implications of the judgment, was diffident about making public its reservations about the order which was celebrated as a blow to corruption, seems to have overcome its initial squeamishness. In its presentation to the JPC, it minced few words while critiquing the 2G judgment, although it insists that it has no quarrel with the cancellation of the 122 licences illegally granted by Raja.\"The principle of separation of powers is based on the salutary principle that each organ of government must give due deference to the other, particularly in respect of matters of policy which is primarily the domain of government,\" the telecom department told the Joint Parliamentary Committee in a presentation on Friday. It also cited earlier SC rulings to make the case that policy-making was the role of the executive and \"it is not permissible for the court to exercise upon itself and engage in policy-making\". It also questioned the court's expertise in dealing with such issues.In its petition before the SC, the government maintained that remarks made in the judgment that the policy of first-come first-served adopted in the 2G spectrum was \"lopsided\" and \"flawed\" and was not in public interest needed reconsideration.The government further told the court that the February 2 judgment cancelling the 2G licences \"is liable to be reviewed since there are errors which are apparent on the face of the record\" and there are other sufficient reasons for reviewing the verdict delivered by a bench of Justices GS Singhvi and A K Ganguly (since retired).Citing the argument taken since 2003, it went on to argue before the JPC that considerations of growth, affordability and level-playing field \"were outweighed by the considerations of maximizing short-term revenue for the state\".The government also feels that the judgment has implications on telecom operators who successfully bid for 3G but have lost 2G licences. It also told the JPC that there may be an impact on long distance and other telecom licences that have also been issued on the FCFS principle.Although Raja has also taken the same argument, government tried to keep a safe distance from the jailed former telecom minister, stressing that its reservations were confined to auction being enshrined as the sole way of allocation of scarce national assets. Yet, there has been concern in government that if the policy was faulted, the chain of responsibility will not stop at Raja.The insistence that it is not questioning the cancellation of licences seemed politically prudent as Raja and two telecom companies who got licences since deemed illegal by the SC also moved the court on the last day of the 30-day deadline for seeking review.Raja moved the court seeking review of its judgment on the grounds of denial of natural justice as he was indicted without being given an opportunity of being heard. He argued that the condemnation of his actions or inactions by the apex court was in \"violation of the basic principle of fair play and justice and affording a person an opportunity of being heard before he is condemned\".Separately, two telecom companies - Unitech Wireless and Shyam Sistema , which have foreign investors - too filed review petitions. Earlier, Idea and Tata Tele had moved court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117051", "title": "Triplets born to couple in Nalasopara", "text": "MUMBAI: A Nalasopara woman has given birth to triplets-two boys and a girl-at a civic hospital, making it probably the first such case in Vasai.Reshma Gaikwad (27), a housewife and resident of Achole in Nalasopara delivered the babies in the civic D M Petit hospital at Vasai.The doctors led by Dr Vinay Salpure and Dr Ashwini Mane delivered the babies within ten minutes of each other. The first baby, a boy, was born at 6:11pm weighing 1.7 kg, followed by a baby girl at 6:21pm weighing 1.5 kg and a baby boy at 6:31pm weighing 1.5 kg.Family members and neighbours were making a beeline to the hospital to catch a glimpse of the newborns. The new father Rajesh Gaikwad could not hide his joy as even unknown people came and congratulated him. Doctors said that the babies and the mother are in a stable condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12118845", "title": "JDA sends revised plan to Centre for BRTS scheme", "text": "JAIPUR: Putting to rest the possibilities of constructing the elevated road from Pani- Pech to Collectorate Circle under Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) project, phase II, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) has sent a revised proposal of Rs 590 crore to the Centre for the approval.After the elevated road proposed by the state government from Collectorate Circle to Government hostel was shelved after facing strong criticism that it might cause damage to the heritage building along the route, the decision was even taken to drop the plan of constructing elevated under BRTS to send the revised plan without including elevated road was taken by the JDA. Ashosk Chaudhary, executive engineer of the BRTS project said, \"In the revised proposal we have mentioned to construct the priority lane.\"Explaining the concept of priority lane in BRTS, an official said it would be on similar lines as it was done in Delhi during the Common Wealth Games. Three-and-a-half metre lanes on either side would be left for buses to ply. Commuters will not be allowed to enter the priority lane and similarly bus drivers have to follow the rule.\"If a bus driver jumps priority lane, he will be fined. The concept is practiced in western countries where strict traffic rules are followed. In India, we make dedicated corridors by installing railing on either side to avoid major accidents.\" Priority lane concept will be practised for the first time in the city after approval.The elevated road proposed under BRTS is estimated to be around Rs 70 crore and it is around 2.8 km long from Panipech to Khasa Kothi as per the detailed project report (DPR). Officials source said the JDA was sceptical as the elevated road proposed by the state government was shelved, the project might be stalled if same objections are raised again.This is the second time the JDA has revised proposal for the BRTS project, Earlier, in June 2010 the authorities had sent the revised proposal of Rs 660 crore to the Centre for its approval. The original estimated cost for the project was around Rs 480 crore, however, expenses of Rs 180 crore were incurred due to additional construction of elevated roads and bridges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12121013", "title": "Military ties with India growing: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: Ties between the US and Indian militaries are growing, a senior defense official said on Friday, noting recent bilateral security talks between the two countries reaffirmed the partnership and the growing US interest in advancing it.Acting under secretary of defense for policy James Miller joined Indian defense secretary Shashi Kant Sharma in co-chairing the 12th annual US-India defense policy group dialogue in New Delhi Feb 21 and 22.Speaking during a media roundtable Friday, Obert Scher, deputy assistant secretary of defense for South and Southeast Asia, said the trip, Miller's first since assuming his post, demonstrates the US' commitment to its relationship with India, Xinhua reported.Scher noted that India is the only country the new strategy guidance specifically identifies for increased engagement, reflecting the priority both US President Barack Obama and the Pentagon place on the partnership.The annual defense policy group meetings aim to advance the two countries' strategic defense relationship, enabling them to set priorities, take stock of progress and work through hurdles that stand in the way, Scher said, focusing on defense procurement and production, technical cooperation, military-to-military cooperation and technical security.Scher said that Miller and Sharma agreed to continue concentrating on maritime security cooperation, defense trade and developing new, cooperative research and development projects for the upcoming year.Both expressed an interest in increasing personal interactions at all levels in their defense and military establishments through continued dialogue, exercises, personal exchanges and training associated with defense sales, Scher said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12118028", "title": "Zip drive to Metro station soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you've been fuming about the traffic chaos near the Metro stations - hordes of Gramin Sewa vehicles, autos, rickshaws and buses blocking the road - there's finally some relief.The Delhi Metro has been asked to look into integrating the metro station with surrounding public transport for better street connectivity. A pilot project has been undertaken to come up with the best solution for the integration at the Chattarpur Metro station.\"At a recent meeting with the L-G, a policy decision was taken that henceforth, all new upcoming station areas will incorporate the components of multi-modal integration guidelines for a safe and comfortable access to all public transport users,\" a senior Delhi government official said.Meanwhile, existing stations will be retrofitted by the Delhi Metro in conjunction with the concerned agency and the unified traffic &amp; transportation infrastructure (planning and engineering) center (UTTIPEC).The integration, which will be based on the transit oriented design (TOD) guidelines set by UTTIPEC, will ensure that metro stations provide drop-off facilities, parking areas for feeder, para-transit modes as well as suitable environment with facilities for pedestrians. \"The stations will have clearly demarcated drop off, pick up and free U-turns to enable seamless movement,\" said an official.\"The area near the metro station, around 1500m, will be developed to create the first and last mile connectivity so that people are encouraged to use non-motorized modes. The idea is that every day transfers are made easy and sustainable for the commuter and the pedestrian,\" said Ashok Bhattacharya, director, UTTIPEC. The pilot project at Chattarpur - for which the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation is conducting a three-month study - will develop the seven kilometer stretch from Chattarpur to Arjangarh, including Sultanpur and Ghitorni stations. It will prioritize the area around the station firstly for non-motorized modes and public transport drop-offs, then para-transit and lastly for private vehicles, said officials.Mangu Singh, managing director of DMRC said, \"As desired by the MoUD, the Delhi Metro is getting the study conducted to provide the conceptual design for stage I. Accordingly, the DMRC has fixed up a specialized agency for this study. The selected agency has been given three months to complete and submit their work.\"According to government officials, existing stations will be retrofitted. The Delhi Metro has already completed a project in Vaishali metro station where it had designated areas for bus bays, para-transit parking as well as a bay for non-motorized vehicle like the rickshaw.The retrofitting projects will be taken up on a definite timeline, added the official. DMRC officials said that stations in Phase III of the Delhi Metro network were also being designed with multiple subways in the layout. \"This is to ensure safer and better connectivity for pedestrians,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117531", "title": "High court order may impact stalled projects", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court has dismissed a plea filed by slum dwellers who claimed that the permission of 70% of them had not been taken for the slum rehab scheme in Worli.\"In our view, since the project in question, the slum rehabilitation project, is undertaken by the public authorities, the consent of slum dwellers is not necessary as is clear from a perusal (of Development Control Regulations),\" the judges said. \"There is no substance in the issue raised by the petitioners that the developer did not have the consent of 70% occupiers.\"The HC's order may have an immediate impact on many public projects, including the Dharavi makeover being undertaken by the state, that have been stuck for years together due to the 70% rule.The Love Grove sewage pumping station in Worli, built in 1842, is a grade II heritage structure and has special gates that are opened during low tide to let out sewerage water. Following the 2005 deluge, the BMC proposed to expand it at Rs 115 crore as part of the BRIMSTOWAD project under the JNNURM. The BMC needed 35,775.58 sq m land, which is being encroached upon by slums on Dr E Moses Road. While around 25,433 sq m was needed for the sewage treatment plant, 10,342 sq m was available to rehabilitate slumdwellers. Around 3,676 shanty dwellers occupy the land in four slums of Jivan Jyot Nagar, Shree Vivekanand Nagar, Veer Jeejamata Nagar and Mata Ramabai Nagar. Lokhandwala builders were to rehabilitate them as part of a composite project.Some residents of Vivekanand Nagar moved court saying the developer did not have consent of 70% of the 1,000 families staying there but the state said the builder had consent of 50% slum dwellers. The BMC also said the project was crucial as the existing facilities covered the period up to 2004. With the construction boom in south and central Mumbai, the expansion move had a planning horizon up to 2025. \"The main goal is to provide a healthier environment for people, while minimizing the impact of waste water on environment,\" the BMC stated.The court noted that while the DCR rules require 70% consent in rehabilitation projects, an exception could be made for slum plans of the state or public authorities. It said the state had given a reasoned order and also ensured that the interests of the slumdwellers was protected. Refusing to interfere with the state's 2010 order to rehabilitate shanty dwellers, the court dismissed the petitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12118731", "title": "125 students\u2019 exam centre changed", "text": "BHOPAL: A day after MP Board of Secondary Education ( MPBSE) raised objections over examinees' number exceeding the prescribed limit, some 125 students would be shifted to Higher Secondary School, Karond to write their class XII board papers.A directive to this effect was issued on Friday, ordering that excess number of examinees be shifted to Karond from the present examination centre of Maharana Pratap School in Old DIG Bungalow area.The school was made examination centre after February 23, the date the board had come out with the list of exam centres. Board office sources attributed the choice of centre on political pressure.While the capacity of the centre is 200, some 414 examinees were to be seated there. The school had also taken a house on rent next to it and the roof had pipes mounted on it so that a tent could be put under which students would write exams.On Thursday, the District Education Officer (DEO) was called at the venue by the secretary of the MP Board of Secondary Education and was instructed to shift the examinees to another centre before the next exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12118574", "title": "Act II: Bowring Hospital", "text": "Friday's violence in the City Civil Court complex spilled over to the Bowring Hospital emergency section in the afternoon as a slugfest broke out between lawyers, policemen and media personnel.Those injured kept walking in from the City Civil Court. Lawyers, however, refused to calm down and continued to be aggressive inside the hospital as well.No-Media ZoneWhen mediapersons went to meet the injured in Bowring Hospital, they were stopped by a group of lawyers who gathered around the media and demanded that they leave the place.'' We are in this situation because of the media. We will not allow you to walk in and talk to the injured. We don't want any conversation with mediapersons,'' screamed a lawyer, who introduced herself as Sujatha.Lawyers kept yelling at the top of their voices till reporters and camerapersons chose to leave as they didn't want to disrupt the hospital decorum.Trouble erupted again when a section of the media demanded that they be allowed inside to take video shots and soundbites from the injured. Police personnel guarding the entrance to the emergency section refused permission. At that point, a patient's relative was let in. Without asking who it was and why, a section of the media hurled a volley of abuses at police and threatened them.The iron doors of the emergency section were closed and it was becoming difficult for patients and their families to come in and go out. As the verbal battle between police and media continued, many patients had to enter the facility from the rear entrance.Helmet Saved This PolicemanIn the afternoon, the high court was agog with rumours that an advocate from Pandavapura had been killed in police action. Later in the evening, there were reports of a constable having died after being attacked.The dead constable was even identified as Mahadevaiah alias Ningaiah, a Karnataka State Reserve police. Soon, the Bangalore police commissioner put out a release setting the record straight: no policeman had died, or for that matter, there were no deaths during the day's violence.Meanwhile, Mahadevaiah was thanking his stars after his close shave with death. A flower pot thrown from one of the floors of the seven-storey City Civil Court complex landed on his head around 3.30pm , but the helmet he donned saved him. Mahadevaiah was hurt, but doctors said there was no serious injury on the skull.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12118726", "title": "Budget 2012: President's House address to thrust on growth, job", "text": "NEW DELHI: The President's address to the joint sitting of Parliament in the forthcoming Budget session is likely to incorporate a strong emphasis on sustaining growth and jobs through specific initiatives to give a fillip to skill development.The Cabinet met on Friday to discuss the address, delivered by the President at the start of the first session of Parliament every year, to fine-tune a message intended to signal the government's confidence to tackle a slowdown and present a \"jobs and growth\" plan for the economy.Mainstreaming of vocation education is being viewed as a policy option that needs to be considered after past initiatives, including a report commissioned during the UPA-I, did not lead to any productive interventions.The address will largely be a continuation of UPA-II's policies in health, education and agriculture besides other sectors but the element on skill development is likely to dwell on the need to boost vocational education in schools and higher institutes.The government is expected to propose an overarching body to guide vocational education as various councils do not seem to have fulfilled the need to produce the requisite number of skilled persons, it is felt.Vocational courses can be offered as electives in schools as well as in higher learning and government managers believe this might be a smart political move as well. The government is faced with a growing problem of poorly educated young people being churned out by mediocre institutions with degrees that do not translate into jobs.The current strategies in agriculture will be reiterated although the government is not in a position to commit to the sort of investments the sector needs. This may see a sharper focus on research being oriented to cater to specific needs of Indian agriculture on a mission basis.The public-private partnership model is also likely to find increasing favour in infrastructure with proposals like marrying real estate development with road or highway building.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12120848", "title": "\u2018I\u2019ve never faced bias\u2019: Abhinaya", "text": "She's got courage, conviction and confidence to make it big in tinsel town. And being hearing and speech impaired doesn't deter Abhinaya from multi-tasking between different film industries.After a cameo in A R Murugadoss' 7aum Arivu, in which she played Bodhidharman's wife, Abhinaya is back with not one, but two films. Yes, while Mela Thaalam, directed by debutant Anbustain, is gearing up for release, she's also busy preparing for her role in a film, which will be produced by Gautham Menon.STEPPING OUT OF COMFORT ZONE Mela Thaalam is probably the first full-fledged Tamil film I'm doing out of my comfort zone (the Sasikumar-Samuthirakani combo). The film happened unexpectedly. Director Anbu met me in Hyderabad to narrate the script. My family felt the story was very different, and my role, equally challenging. It's very aggressive and gives me scope to perform well. I feel I have done justice to my character.THE NEXT STEP I've signed another film opposite Jai, which will be produced by Gautham Menon sir's production house. I'm looking forward to starting work on the project with high hopes. This film will put me to the next stage of my film career. I heard that I was the first choice of director Prem Sai. My father got a call from Gautham Menon's office, asking me to come for a photoshoot. I just finished doing a look test with Jai. I'm also doing Dammu in Tollywood, in which I play Jr NTR's sister. I have a pair as well in the film, and my character is integral to the script.FOUR PLAY I've done movies in all the south Indian languages and to be frank , I haven't faced any problems with the dialogues. The Reporter, my debut flick in Mollywood, proved to be an acid test. The first shot that I gave for this film required me to mouth a 10-line dialogue, which I okayed in the first take. Assistant director Binoy was my saviour there, and if not for him, I'd have faced a lot of problems with the dialogues.I'M GRATEFUL TO... By God's grace, I've had the opportunity to work with good teams and I didn't face any bias in the industry. My father takes utmost care while selecting the projects for me, and my mother helps me with learning the dialogues. My co-stars and the crew help me out while I'm on the sets. It's been a smooth sail till now, and I hope it remains the same!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12118114", "title": "Zimbabwe, Mozambique to replicate shodh yatra", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The National Innovation Foundation (NIF)'s shodh yatra, is set to make a mark in Zimbabwe and Mozambique. NIF has signed an agreement with South Regional Center for Science &amp; Technology (SRCST), Mozambique and ministry of science &amp; technology development, Zimbabwe on March 2, 2012 to promote mutual cooperation for grassroots innovation program.These memorandums of understanding (MoUs) have been signed to collaborate in different areas of mutual interest like developing long term strategies for individual and community level creativity and innovation, sharing resources and expertise to develop specific programs for community development. .\"The ultimate goal of the exercise being increasing the creative and innovative talent pool in the respective countries. Many other countries like Botswana, Tunisia, Tanzania and Ethiopia have also shown interest in similar programs with NIF,\" Anil Gupta , executive vice chair, NIF and faculty, Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad.The shodh yatra, which takes place every six months brings together a diverse bunch of interested individuals from botanists to product designers and Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad students to scout innovations from the grassroots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12120898", "title": "REBEL to be remade in Tamil", "text": "Here's news on Lawrence's next. The choreographeractor-director, who is currently working on Rebel with Prabhas, Tamannaah and Deeksha Seth, is keen on remaking the same in Tamil.A well-informed source reveals, \"Lawrence will be playing the lead in the Tamil version of Rebel, and will be directing the film himself.\" Meanwhile, he's also launching his brother in his next Tamil-Telugu bilingual, Muni 3.Lawrence says, \"The groundwork for the sequel to Muni and Kaanchana is on. My brother will be doing a special dance number in it, and he will play a full-fledged character in my next. I've about a month's work left on Rebel. Once I'm done with it, I will start finalizing the cast and crew for Muni 3.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12118216", "title": "Heart-valve bank at RG Kar on the cards", "text": "KOLKATA: RG Kar Medical College and Hospital (RGKMCH) is all set to get a heart-valve bank. The initiative to manufacture good quality heart valves and make them available at a low cost is expected to benefit hundreds of patients with defective heart valves. Only a few government hospitals in the country like AIIMS and Madras Medical College have this facility.In the absence of donor heart-valve banks, patients have to depend on artificial valves that are either extracted from animal tissues or are mechanical. These artificial valves cost anything between Rs 50,000 to a lakh. Also, these valves can have side effects. Therefore, a patient may end up spending a huge sum on post operative medication.\"Heart valves can be harvested from cadavers. Such natural valves are durable and have high performance quality unlike the artificial ones. If a patient continues to live with defective heart valves, it will gradually result in heart failure. This heart-valve bank is aimed at reaching out to numerous patients who need replacement of defective heart valves,\" said Dr Bhabatosh Biswas, RGKMCH's head of cardio thoracic-surgery.At present, a medical team is undergoing training under Dr Biswas, the only surgeon in the hospital with expertise in dissecting, processing, preserving and implanting heart valves. Donated bodies in the anatomy department are being used for it.\"Natural heart valves are best as implants in terms of durability and quality. In addition, the cost incurred in processing a valve will be just Rs 5,000. Therefore, the bank once operational will benefit many poor patients. The team is being trained in procurement and preservation. It might take about a year to start the actual implant,\" said RGKMCH principal, Dr Parthajit Banerjee.Like other transplantable tissues, the valve can be taken out up to 24 hours after the donor's death. The valve is then disinfected, preserved and frozen under a certain degree in a controlled liquid nitrogen freezer. The frozen tissue is stored at a temperature below -150\u00b0 centigrade. It can be stored for up to five years before it is used for an implant.The hospital already has a cornea bank that benefits a number of patients. It has even tied up with a private eye hospital supplying cornea. Though the number of eye donors has increased by leaps and bounds over the years, donors are still conservative about donating other body parts.\"The situation is changing now with many willing to donate bodies. Heart valves can be extracted from such donated cadavers and processed in this bank,\" said state director of medical education, Dr SK Bandyopadhyay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12117983", "title": "1 killed, 4 injured as two groups clash", "text": "AKOLA: A clash between two groups at Sirpur Jain pilgrimage centre in Malegaon taluka left one dead and four others seriously injured on Thursday night. Police said the deceased has been identified as Devidas Ambhore (49). The injured have been admitted to Washim district hospital. The two groups clashed in Fukatpura area over a trivial issue. Sub divisional police %officer Jagdeo Aakhre rushed to the spot and brought the situation under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117987", "title": "Private schools have taken undue advantage of parents", "text": "MUMBAI: Due to the implementation of various pay commissions over the last 12 years, school fees have gone up by almost 300 to 400%. Many private unaided institutions have taken undue advantage of parents. The maximum fee hike due to implementation of the Pay Commission was up is 50% for one academic year only, but many schools grabbed this opportunity and misled parents by increasing their fees almost every year.Hundreds of complaints were lodged with the education department and the Forum for Fairness in Education (FEE). There were cases where signatures taken for attending a Parent-Teachers' Association (PTA) meeting were used and treated as an approval for a fee hike. In some schools, bogus PTA elections were held, and those 'elected' were chosen by the members of school management bodies. Around 70% of schools do not even have a lawful PTA body. And many international schools flouted government rules while forming parent-teachers' association.Often, parents had no choice but to pay these exorbitant fees. Those who try to object are targeted, and their children harassed or victimized by the school management.Schools started collecting various fees under different heads: such as an admission fee of up to Rs 2-5 lakh; security deposit of around Rs 3 lakh, building funds up to Rs 1 lakh, school essentials up to Rs 90,000; activity and hobby fees amounting to as much as Rs 50,000. Then there are additional maintenance charges, audio visual fees, computer laboratory fees, laboratory charges, school funds, annual day charges, picnic and transport fees, etc. They also made it made it compulsory for parents to purchase stationery, books and uniforms from the school itself-at almost three times the market price. In short, these schools try their best to exploit parents. I know of a suburban school that charges a fee of Rs 14 lakh at the nursery level.The lack of unity among parents have encouraged schools to do this. The forum played a vital role in checking and bring some control on fee hikes by holding signature campaigns, protesting government inaction, lodging complaints with various authorities, filing PILs in the HC, and so on. The education system has been commercialized across India.A few states, namely Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and Gujarat have brought some control on fees by not only introducing statutory laws but strongly and successfully fighting the matter in the HC and apex courts when challenged by school management bodies. The government of Maharashtra, however, has yet to take action. We propose that there be an upper limit or ceiling on the collection of maximum fees by unaided schools, or this exploitation will continue.Jayant Jain, president of Forum for Fairness in Education", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12119055", "title": "11 parties join hands to form non-Congress govt in Imphal", "text": "IMPHAL: Amid hectic preparations for the ensuing fresh repoll in 67 booths in the hills, eleven political parties including the Naga People's Front (NPF) have joined hands to form a non-Congress government for the coming term.Following a marathon meeting, the parties, Manipur People's Party (MPP), NCP, JD(U) ,CPI (M), CPI, NPP, NPF, Trinamool Congress, Lok Jana Shakti Party, Manipur State Congress Party (MSCP) and BJP, have formed a front.\"A common programme is being formulated for the front and we will shortly announce our front's name and other decisions,\" Laimayum Basanta Sharma, media cell secretary of BJP (Manipur unit), said on Friday.Of them, Manipur People's Party (MPP), NCP and JD(U) had already formed the People's Democratic Front (PDF) as the pre-poll opposition alliance. The CPI has joined the opposition camp after withdrawing from the Congress-led Secular Progressive Front (SPF) coalition government.\"Leaders of the eleven parties have discussed in detail their post-poll strategies to form a non-Congress government,\" Basanta added, even as Manipur PCC president Gaikhangam exuded confidence of scoring the required number of votes to form the next Congress government on its own. Gaikhangam earlier said the withdrawal of the CPI would not affect them.During the meeting held at the residence of a legislator at Imphal, the eleven parties also resolved to defeat the Congress in the ensuing repoll in the five hill districts of Senapati, Chandel, Tamenglong, Ukhrul and Churachandpur slated for Sunday.Following the gross malpractices that occurred in the recent election, the election commission (EC) on Wednesday ordered a second repoll in 67 booths in Manipur. The first repoll was held on February 4 in 34 polling stations. Manipur went to the polls on January 28 to elect 60 legislatures for the ensuing tenth assembly.Meanwhile, the All Manipur Christian Organization (AMCO) has strongly opposed the EC's decision to hold the second round of repoll on Sunday saying that the exercise would disrupt the church services.The booths where repoll are to be held are dominated by Christians and since the churches hold masses on Sunday, the repolling will obstruct the church services, said the apex body of all churches of the state in a statement.According to AMCO, EC has slated the repoll for Sunday because it ignores the feelings and rights of the Christians, the statement said and it appealed to the commission not to repeat such an act in the future. Elections 2012 NewsManipur Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12110264", "title": "Club Retreat launch at Golfforeste", "text": "The launch of Club Retreat at Golfforeste by the real estate development group Paramount Group of Companies was a colourful affair, as Spanish and Ukranian dancers stole the show in the carnival. The fire jugglers, dancers, gymnasts, and aerobatics by international artistes were also a huge hit.GOING GREEN: Surrounded by greenery and inhibiting a 6-hole golf course, Club Retreat houses luxurious villas and studio apartments. Mukesh Aggarwal, managing director, Paramount Group, said, \"This infrastructure is our dream project, and with this we want to give our customers a green environment with a combination of a golf course and a parallel forest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12116541", "title": "Police seek freezing of Gupta\u2019s accounts", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Central Crime Station (CCS) on Friday decided to freeze the 28 bank accounts of fugitive realtor Gupta.CCS officials said that letters were written to various banks seeking freezing of the bank accounts of Gupta, his companies and other accused. ``During investigation, 28 bank accounts of Gupta were detected. Letters were written to the banks. We are waiting for the bank statements in order to establish the transactions that took place in these accounts,'' sources said.In the preliminary inquiry, officials came to know that there are still several crores in Gupta's accounts. ``Gupta still owns properties worth crores of rupees besides having some cash. So the reports of Gupta having debts is completely false,'' a senior official in CCS told TOI. ``In order to escape from being tracked by the investigators, Gupta and the other accused have not operated the bank accounts or withdrawn money from any of the ATMs,'' the sources added.On Saturday, a court in Nampally is expected to take a decision on the anticipatory bail moved by Gupta and nine others. Based on the DLF Universal Limited manager's complaint, the CCS has booked cases under sections 406 (Criminal breach of trust), 420 (Cheating) and 120-B (Criminal conspiracy) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) against Gupta and his associates, including his wife Sarita Gupta, brother Gopal Gupta, Komal Agarwal, directors of SBPL Infrastructure Private Limited, Anita Agarwal, Radhey Shyam Gupta, Manoj Kumar Sharma, Amit Agarwal, Megha Gupta and Mangari Gupta, for duping DLF of over Rs 280 crore through their front companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12118006", "title": "Two groups clash at gurdwara", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two groups clashed at a gurdwara in Sarai Kale Khan on Friday afternoon, triggering tension in the area. Police had to resort to force to disperse the crowd.According to witnesses, violence broke out at the inauguration ceremony of a hospital when a group of persons began pelting stones. The other party retaliated and the situation turned ugly. Police were called in but the men refused to leave the spot. The exact reason of the violence is not known, police said. However, locals said violence broke out over sale of land to a hospital group in the gurdwara premises.Additional commissioner of police (southeast), Ajay Chaudhry said a case of rioting under Section 147, 148 and 149 of IPC has been registered. \"Investigation is on to identify those who were involved in creating ruckus. Proper action will be taken against them,\" he added.Police fired teargas shells to disperse the mob. Some cars windows were also broken in the violence. However, no casuality was reported, police said. Heavy police presence was ensued in the area after the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117817", "title": "Did SIT move before SC relief could come?", "text": "MUMBAI: The Special Investigation Team (SIT), led by additional commissioner of police Rajvardhan Sinha, swung into action early on Friday in the disproportionate assets case against Kripashankar Singh because it feared the Supreme Court might give the former Mumbai Congress chief some relief, a senior IPS officer has said.Three days after a criminal case under the Prevention of Corruption Act and Indian Penal Code was registered against Singh and his family, SIT sleuths on Friday searched and raided residential and commercial properties owned by them in Mumbai.After the police filed an FIR against Singh on Tuesday, he moved the apex court on Thursday. However, the apex court declined to hear the special leave petition on Friday. \"Since the special leave petition was to come up for hearing today (Friday), it was felt that there might be a chance the apex court grants Kripashankar a stay. In that event, it would not have been possible for the SIT to raid the Singhs' premises. Now that the apex court has refused to grant relief to Kripashankar, the SIT will continue its probe,\" the senior IPS officer said.Meanwhile, leader of the opposition Eknath Khadse has come down heavily on the state government for \"protecting\" Kripashankar Singh. \"Ever after the high court order, it took a few days to register a criminal case against Singh. As a result, he was able to destroy crucial evidence,'' alleged Khadse.Khadse said that during the winter session of the legislature in Nagpur, he had raised the issue of Kripashankar Singh having amassed a huge amount of assets. At that time, home minister R R Patil assured that the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) would be asked to probe Singh's assets. \"It appears that even the ACB has not done adequate homework. Besides Singh's properties in Mumbai, the ACB should have searched his properties in Uttar Pradesh and other states. There appears to be political pressure on investigating agencies. Therefore, no action was taken against him,\" Khadse said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12118390", "title": "Work more, play less, I-T officials told", "text": "MUMBAI: It's all work and no play for income-tax officers. A cricket tournament scheduled to begin on Friday was cancelled at the last minute on the orders of Laxman Das, chairman of the Central Board of Direct Taxes. The reason - he wants the officials to generate revenue for the government and not waste time in sports.The winning team was to be awarded with the chairman's cup and Das was to give away the trophy on March 4.Eight teams from across the country were to participate in the tournament. \"This is basically to promote camaraderie among officers. This was started last year. It is surprising that the chairman has decided to cancel it,\" an official said. The order to cancel was conveyed when officers invited Das to be present for the final.Now, the department is trying to sort out the payment for travel and stay of the team members who have arrived in the city. \"The department was to bear the cost of their stay and also air or train tickets. Since the chairman has cancelled the tournament, we need to make the payments on our own,\" an official said. Another official hinted that they might seek help from the private sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12118236", "title": "Indian mission in UK denies not aiding illegal immigrants", "text": "LONDON: The Indian high commission in Britain has refuted the BBC's claim that it has been dragging its feet on repatriating hundreds of illegal Indian immigrants living in appalling conditions in a London locality. The immigrants are mostly from rural Punjab.\"Where Indian nationality of a person is confirmed, emergency travel document ( ETD) is issued within a maximum period of two weeks, if not earlier,\" the high commission said.The BBC had reported that the illegal immigrants were living among rats and rubbish in makeshift garden sheds and garages. \"They want to be deported back to India, but many are trapped in a bureaucratic no man's land without documents.''A man identifying himself as Jagdeesh told the BBC that his family had paid \u00a310,000 to traffickers, who promised a better life and brought him to Britain with dozens of others on the back of a lorry.\"Jagdeesh has cut himself off from his family, saying he is ashamed of his failure to find work and would rather they thought he was dead than know he is living in filth,'' the BBC reported. Jagdeesh , 22, was quoted as saying that his family had \"sold land and took out loans to get me out of India''.Jobless, penniless and lonely nearly 5,000 miles away from home, Jagdeesh has now handed himself in for deportation.The UK Border Agency admitted that establishing identity of illegal immigrants to issue them ETDs can be complex. The High Commission added, \"There have also been instances where non-Indians were sought to be repatriated to India, which was averted once the verification process established that they were not Indians.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12121255", "title": "Doctors to skip Holi this year to pursue demands", "text": "JAIPUR: In-service doctors of the state have decided to skip Holi this year as a mark protest against the government for not reinstating their status as on December 20, 2011.The doctors had struck work on December 21, 2011 and during their 11-day strike, 12 of the inservice doctors were terminated from their services and around 377 of them were transferred during this period. Also, cases were filed against the doctors for violating Rajasthan Essential Services Maintenance Act (RESMA).All Rajasthan In-Service Doctors ' Association (ARISDA) president G D Maheshwari said, ''Almost two months have passed since we had called off our strike, but nothing has been done. So the doctors' community has decided not to play colour on Holi. We hope that the CM will fulfill our demand as a gift of Holi.''The doctors said they are hopeful of the chief minister fulfilling their demand. ''We hope that the CM would listen to our long-pending demands on salaries according to Pay Band 4 and time-bound promotions,'' ARISDA general secretary Nasrin Bharti said.The doctors said that more than 500 doctors were arrested during the 11-day strike and cases against them are still pending . ''We also want the cases withdrawn,'' Bharti added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12120855", "title": "Bridging the gap over Nagabali", "text": "KORAPUT: Chekaguda and Mariguda, two villages on either side of river Nagabali in the Maoist-hit Rayagada district, were always so near, yet so far. A 151-metre suspension bridge has now brought them together. And now that work for the much-awaited bridge is almost complete, there are big smiles on the faces of 25,000-odd villagers of the area.The district administration said construction work would finish in the first week of March. Villagers of Karubai, Bodo Alubadi, Baising, Dangolodi, Durgapadu, Mirabalir, Tolo Alubadi and Erkubali panchayats would then need to travel only five km to reach the district headquarters town, which was thus far 25-km away from the area.According to sources, villagers have been demanding the bridge since ages. Finally, construction work under Integrated Action Plan (IAP) began in November 2011. \"We took the construction of the bridge on priority basis under the IAP. It will be ready for public use in March,\" rayagada collector Nitin Bhanudas Jawle said.Officials of the district administration said the suspension bridge, which is the second of its kind in the state, is being constructed 100 feet abive the river. The other suspension bridge in the state is at Dhabaleswar.\"A permanent bridge over the river was our long-standing demand. Though we had constructed a bamboo bridge, it was a risky business to cross the river on two-wheelers. We are excited about the construction of the bridge and expect it to be complete soon,\" said Ganapati, a resident of Mariguda village.Locals also hope the bridge will boost their economy as farmers will now be able to sale their produce at the urban market. \"Now farmers can bring their products to Rayagada and patients can also be shifted to district headquarters hospital if needed,\" said Abhimanyu, another villager.The central government has provided an annual grant of Rs 30 crore to as many as 60 districts of the country affected by left-wing extremists for infrastructure development under the IAP in the financial year 2011-12. The programme was launched in December 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12118193", "title": "Government officer accused of raping maid", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A senior officer posted in the state government's social welfare department has been accused of allegedly raping his 30-year-old maid servant in Ahmedabad as well as Mumbai for eight months since June 2011.The maid servant on Friday lodged a complaint against the officer Atul Bhatt, 50, in Satellite police station. Both his sons are practicising doctors in the city.Bhatt had employed the woman, whose identity has been undisclosed, last year to work in the office of a non-government organization (NGO) on CG Road that he runs. However, this office was sealed following a sealing drive carried out by the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation six months ago. After that, he asked the woman to come and work at his residence in Parishram Apartments in Satellite area.On June 19, 2011, when she first time went to his house, he offered her water laced with sedatives. When she fell unconscious after drinking it, Bhatt allegedly raped her. He even video graphed the incident.When she regained consciousness, Bhatt threatened her that he would show the video to her husband if she told anyone about the incident. Bhatt then asked her to come daily at his house.He even took her to Mumbai by air on \"official\" visits and raped her there. Taking advantage of the woman's tolerance, Bhatt then asked her to divorce her husband and even offered her Rs 5 lakh. When she refused, he kept threatening her with the CD.Unable to bear it anymore, the woman consumed poison at her house two months ago. However, she was saved but told police in the hospital that it was just an accident. This made her husband suspicious as neither there was any marital discord between the two nor there was any other reason for her to take such an extreme step.He brought her into confidence and she narrated her trauma to him. Her husband assured her of his support and accompanied her to the police station to lodge the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "12118219", "title": "Received CM's assurance on Gorkha autonomy, says Gurung", "text": "DARJEELING: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Friday managed to alleviate the frustration that crept into Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) leadership over the delay in implementation of the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA).Though the chief minister, as well as GJM chief Bimal Gurung, refused to face the media after their meeting at the Dello guest house, the GJM general secretary confirmed, \"The meeting was fruitful. The CM has assured that the process for getting the President's assent to the GTA bill would be completed within 10-12 days.\"GJM leaders have pinned hope on the CM's initiative of speaking to the Prime Minister to expedite the process GTA implementation. \"The CM has spoken with the Prime Minister about the GTA and so has our party president with the Union home minister. The process is definitely time-consuming, but we hope that the new administrative arrangement will be formed soon,\" said Giri.On question of the possibility of holding election to the GTA before inclusion of the areas of Terai and Dooars in it, the GJM general secretary replied, \"Election to the GTA before inclusion of new territories is not possible. The government must evolve ways and means to form the GTA\".The GJM is adamant that 400 mouzas of the Terai and Dooars be included in the GTA. However, anti-GJM outfits in the plains are opposed to such a move.The GJM leader also ruled out the GTA being put under the North Bengal Development (NBD). \"We are demanding for an independent administrative set-up. So why should the GTA be put under the NBD?\" wondered Giri.On the development front, he said Mamata had assured to look into several demands, including setting up of a university and a medical and engineering college. \"The CM has directed the Darjeeling district magistrate to allocate land to set up a medical and engineering college in the Hills. The CM has also given her consent for establishing a university when the GTA is formed,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12119000", "title": "Agitator groups stage dharna in Dispur", "text": "GUWAHATI: Many groups of agitators staged protests at the Dispur last gate ground since the beginning of the state assembly's budget session that started on Thursday.On Friday, the second day of the budget session, angry protestors organized demonstrations outside the house asking the government to pay heed to their demands while the opposition debated over the abnormal hike in the price of cement and construction materials in the house.Members of the Assam unit of the Student's Federation of India (SFI) demanded immediate amendment of the Assam Venture Educational Institutions (Provincialization of Services) Bill, 2011, which was passed during the last budget session of the state assembly.\"The government has not taken any measures for the Sanskrit schools and Madrasas. We are demanding that the government appoint teachers permanently and not on a contractual basis,\" said Ritu Das, president of SFI, Assam.The All Assam Homeopathic Doctor's Association and All Assam Homeopathic Medical College Students' Union continued to raise their voice on the second day at Dispur demanding better facilities for homeopathic students. The angry students, who were demonstrating from Thursday, got into a brawl with the security personnel on Friday when they tried to take on the streets.\"In Assam there are three homeopathic medical colleges but none of them have proper infrastructures. The colleges lack proper hostel facilities too. The government has been showing negligence in appointing doctors for the last four years,\" said Mridupaban Dutta, general secretary of the students' union. The students also demanded a MD degree for the qualified students of homeopathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12117964", "title": "14 end life, 4 families get aid", "text": "YAVATMAL: Fourteen farmers have committed suicides in Bhambraja but only four families have got compensation so far. Worse, some families didn't get government aid at all.These kind of shocking revelations came to fore in public hearing held at Bhambraja, 20km from Yavatmal, on Friday. No wonders, the committee was simply awe-struck with these revelations.Two members Upendra Kushwaha and Satyapradh Chaturvedi went to Bhambraja to talk to farmers. Most said, \"We did not get benefits of government plans\". A farm widow Saraswati Bhagwan Ade said, \"I neither got any financial assistance from government nor loan from bank. This forced me to seek loan from private money lenders.\"Another widow 70-year-old Kamalabai Punjaram Paunikar too narrated a similar tale. Arun Lanjewar, another farmer, alleged, \"There is a branch of Allahabad Bank and Yavatmal District Cooperative Bank in Bhambraja but they refuse to give us loans.\"\"Once in a while the netas and babus come to our village in their motorcade, interact with their subordinates and a select few and go back without listening to the affected farmers,\" alleged another farmer Domasingh Rathod.\"We want good minimum support price (MSP) for our produce,\" they said. Chaturvedi admitted that administration's reports are not in tune with ground reality and assured that they would insist the Centre to probe the reasons that governmentassistance to farmers' families were denied.Collector Shravan Hardikar, SP Ranjankumar Sharma and Yavatmal ZP CEO Navalkishor Ram were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117837", "title": "Road repair progresses at snail\u2019s pace", "text": "MUMBAI: The first deadline for resurfacing major roads is over and the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation has only managed to complete work on 19 of the city's 161 major roads. Of the 19 roads, 14 are asphalted while the rest are paver-blocked. The BMC's target was to complete the concrete roads before the asphalted ones, but not a single concrete road has been completed yet. Keeping its monsoon deadline in mind, the corporation now plans to drop a few roads from the list.In the eastern suburbs, the BMC managed to finish 10 roads - seven asphalted and three paver-blocked ones. The BMC was scheduled to complete 21 cement concrete, 39 asphalt and 11 paver-blocked roads in the eastern suburbs. A senior civic official told TOI, \"We are on track. Unlike other areas we do not have the problems of encroachment and road widening.\" In the western suburbs, the BMC completed five roads - three asphalt and two paver-block ones. Before the monsoon deadline, 14 cement concrete, 26 asphalt and 11 paver-blocked roads have to be completed in the western suburbs. The island city is the worst hit, where only four roads have been completed. The biggest hurdle in parts of south Mumbai-Byculla, Grant Road and Kalbadevi-have been encroachments and old structures, the BMC claimed. For these issues to be addressed, it is imperative to first rehabilitate the project-affected people. Here too, the BMC needs to complete 10 cement-concrete, 22 asphalt and six paver-blocked roads.The BMC may have to drop a few roads after the review meeting. TOI has learnt that it could drop plans to resurface 10 roads in Shivaji Nagar, due to the illegal water connections. A few roads in the island city may also be dropped if the BMC fails to resolve issues like encroachment. \"We will take a call on dropping roads after the review if we feel that we won't be able to finish work before the May deadline. In Shivaji Nagar, we can't work on the road unless water connections are shifted to a new pipeline. The people in Shivaji Nagar aren't cooperating,\" said additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta.But experts say there is no cause for concern as long as the BMC makes a correct assessment of the current situation and proceeds accordingly. N V Merani, chairman, standing technical advisory committee, told TOI, \"Before carrying out the rest of the work, the BMC in its mid-term review should consider the resources available with contractors, restrictions and present status of the completed work. Otherwise, they will have reasons to worry in May.\"Last week, TOI reported the civic body is running behind schedule in the major roads project. The civic body then claimed there were \"strong reasons\" for the delay. \"The civic machinery got busy with the election. Besides, we faced difficulties while dealing with the public,\" Gupta had told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117540", "title": "Kingfisher cancels one international, two domestic flights", "text": "MUMBAI: Trouble doesn't seem to end for passengers booked on Kingfisher flights.Despite assurances that no flights would be cancelled, the airline cancelled three outbound flights-one each to Singapore , Kochi and Ahmedabad-from Mumbai on Friday.These flights are part of the new schedule submitted by the airline to the Directorate General of Civil Aviation ( DGCA) and was supposed to be in effect till the last week of March.Officials at Mumbai airport said the airline had already cut down 15 flights from the city. These flights are in addition to those already cancelled.\"Friday's cancellations came as a surprise as we were expecting the airline to stabilize its operations and garner passenger confidence,\" said a Fort-based travel agent. \"Though the airline has tried to accommodate passengers on other flights, their schedule goes haywire.\"Only a week ago, Kingfisher cancelled many flights to tier-II cities and reduced frequency to major metros. The cancellations did not go down well with flyers as well as tour operators as no prior intimation was given.Kingfisher did not respond to calls and messages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12116920", "title": "High court orders man to pay 75,000 for Thane relief", "text": "MADURAI: Imposing heavy cost on a petitioner guilty of suppression of material particulars, the Madurai Bench of Madras high court directed him to deposit Rs 75,000 in the relief fund floated by the chief ministers of Tamil Nadu and Puducherry for providing relief to victims of cyclonic storm Thane, which hit Tamil Nadu and the union territory recently.M Kulanthaivelu filed two petitions challenging a notification declaring certain lands in Bodi North Hills village as reserved forest and sought to restrain the authorities from laying a road connecting the up hills of the reserve forest. He said the land measuring 70 acres originally belonged to him and his family. The Government of Tamil Nadu issued a notification declaring certain lands in Bodi North Hills village as a reserved forest. The land in the up hills of Bodi North village has been declared a reserved forest and as such, ingress and egress of the said lands are restricted. There was a foot path running through the land owned by him, he said, and the same had been in use for generations to access the forest. While the matters stood thus, the forest officials along with revenue officials tried on June, 6, 2010 and commenced surveying, to form a road through the land. The same was objected to by the petitioner.Dismissing both petitions, Justice Sasidharan said the statutory formalities were complied with long ago. The subject land has already been declared as a reserved forest. Since the land is declared a reserved forest, the government is entitled to convert the pathway into a road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12121372", "title": "No bread, biscuits or cakes for them", "text": "LUDHIANA: Eight-year-old Gurnaaz Pannu, daughter of businessman Navroop Singh Pannu and Jasmine Kaur, cannot have cakes, pastries, biscuits, Complan or Bournvita like all her friends. Young Gurnaaz has wheat allergy, triggered by her body's resistance to gluten, because of which she has to look the other way when other kids her age gorge on any goodies made of wheat.Anmolpreet Kaur's story is quite similar too. A resident of Civil Lines, the eight-and-a-half-year-old was diagnosed with wheat allergy when she was only a little over one year old. Her mother Prabhjot Kaur said Anmolpreet started vomiting and having diarrhoea when wheat was introduced in her baby diet. \"I took her to a doctor in Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH), who identified the allergy,\" she said.Gurnaaz and Anmolpreet are not isolated cases of people suffering from wheat allergy. Doctors in the city say it is prevalent in large number of children and its occurrence is on the rise.Dr Ajit Sood, head of gastroentology department at DMCH said, \"Wheat allergy disease or celiac disease is a chronic systemic autoimmune disorder induced by ingestion of gluten contained in wheat, barley and rye.\"Chief dietitian at the hospital, Ritu Sudhakar, said, \"About a decade back if four to five patients approached us in a month, now we have as many coming to us in a week. The number of patients we see in a month has gone up to 16 to 20. The increase is basically because of more awareness, easy diagnosis.\"Dr Sood also said north Indians have a genetic predisposition towards the disease because they are basically wheat eaters. He added that a survey was conducted in 2005 in five schools. \"Based only on blood samples and endoscopies of children with some symptoms we found that one in every 300 had the allergy. This too was an underestimation,\" he said.Dr Amit Modgil, general physician at Suman Hospital, said from seeing two patients each month he now has an average of four patients coming to him.While doctors say the only treatment for the allergy is to have a gluten-free diet, residents who suffer say it is not as easy as it sounds.Gurnaaz's mother Jasmine Kaur said, \"My daughter was detected with this allergy when she was just four after she continued to remain sick. Due to the allergy she couldn't have cakes, pastries, biscuits and other health products with malt. It was very hard for us because at the time no gluten-free products were available in local markets. We had to import such products from England where my relatives live. However, now things have changed and there are many such products available even in Ludhiana.\"Prabhjot, whose daughter Anmolpreet also has the allergy, said they also had a tough time trying to serve her food that did not contain gluten. \"Finally, I learned how to make such food and then decided to make it on a large scale so that others don't suffer like we did. Now I have a company that sells such food,\" she said. Prabhjot added that her customer base has doubled over the last few years and is an indication of how many people in the city suffer.shariq.majeed@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12117982", "title": "Poll results will decide presidential candidate from BJP: Gadkari", "text": "NEW DELHI: The assembly election results in five states on March 6 will decide, among things, whether opposition BJP puts up a candidate for the presidential polls coming up later this year.\"We will take a call after the poll results on whether BJP will put up an NDA contestant for the presidential elections, depending on the strength that we gather,\" BJP chief Nitin Gadkari told a group of women journalists on Friday when asked if the party will contest like it did last time with Bhairon Singh Shekhawat as the NDA candidate against Pratibha Patil.Gadkari, however, remained predictably evasive on the party naming a prime ministerial candidate ahead of the next Lok Sabha elections in 2014. He said the decision would be taken at an \"appropriate time\".\"There are a number of leaders and a decision will be taken at an appropriate time. Even Congress has not officially declared when and which candidate will be projected as the prime ministerial candidate,\" he said. \"When it is appropriate time, we will decide within a fraction of a second... We are all good faces,\" he replied when repeatedly asked whether BJP will go into the 2014 polls with a prime ministerial face or not.In his interaction with women journalists at the Indian Women's Press Corps (IWPC) here, Gadkari admitted that his party needed to \"rectify\" issues of concern in Karnataka and spoke in detail about the policy paralysis bedeviling the UPA government. \"In UP, where a lot of people had left the party, we had a situation to deal with, but the leaders have given it their all. Results are difficult to predict but I am very positive,\" he said, pointing out that the party benefited from the role played by Sanjay Joshi, Narendra Tomar and especially Uma Bharti.Gadkari said he had taken \"cognizance\" of MP Varun Gandhi's statement that BJP had 55 chief ministerial candidates in UP and maintained that such remarks were not good for the party. \"What he said was not right. I have been worried about party members' indulging in statements. I have taken cognizance of the incident\", he said.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12118969", "title": "Parties seek action on poll misconduct", "text": "NASHIK: Buoyed by State Election Commission (SEC) taking cognizance of complaints related to electronic voting machines ( EVMs), electoral roll issues and Electoral Photo Identity Cards (EPIC), an all-party delegation including leaders of the Shiv Sena, Congress and BJP , met police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal seeking action against those involved in what they termed as 'malpractice'. They especially saught action against Kanhaiyya Pardeshi, who had made claims in the media regarding the preparation of fake EPICs.Since the beginning of election process there were complaints, of names either not being included in the electoral rolls, or of names being shifted to adjoining wards. \"The officer clearly said that the collector should first file a complaint about the fake EPIC after which the department would take action, \" Patil said expressing surprise over the statement. He claimed that there were a number of people already arrested by the police in connection with the EPIC, after officers had filed their complaints. \"Despite complaints being filed the police were reluctant to arrest Pardeshi, who even went tothe media claiming that he had prepared the fake EPICs. The police should have at the very least recovered facts from him,\" Patil said.The Adgaon police have several names for impersonation, which they are currently investigating. State Election Commissioner Neela Satyanarayanan has also asked district collector P Velrasu, currently officiating as municipal commissioner, to conduct an inquiry into the malpractice allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12120929", "title": "10 candidates in fray for Athagarh bypoll", "text": "CUTTACK: Ten candidates are in the fray for the Athagarh by-election on March 18, informed election officials on Thursday after scrutinizing nomination papers of candidates.While the BJD has fielded Ranendra Pratap Swain, Congress has pitted Suresh Mohapatra and BJP has put up Bikram Das as its candidate. Swain heaved a sigh of relief as his nomination paper was not rejected this time. \"No nomination forms have been rejected. Ten candidates are in the fray for the Athagarh by-poll,\" said collector Girish SN.Samruddha Odisha and Utkal Bharat parties also fielded their candidates for the by-poll. While Brototi Chatterjee is the candidate of Utkal Bharat, Gagan Behari Rout is to represent Samruddha Odisha in the election. Five candidates -- Anam Chandra Mohapatra, Subas Sahoo, Bijay Biswal, Bhagirathi Rout and Ranjan Mishra -- are contesting as independents.Campaigns gained momentum on Thursday with candidates from all parties visiting door-to-door to woo voters. tnn\"People of Athagarh have always stood beside me and this time also they will definitely support me,\" claimed Swain. Congress candidate Mohapatra said on the other hand, \"I am visiting villagers and making them aware about the gamut of scams the BJD government has indulged in during its tenure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12118929", "title": "Air India connects Surat with Europe, Canada", "text": "SURAT: Now, the high-flying Surtis can take wings to Europe and Canada. In an important announcement, Air India (AI) has extended Surat-Delhi flight service to Frankfurt in Germany and Toronto in Canada. Passengers willing to travel to any of the destination in Europe and Canada can book their tickets directly from Air India office at Ghod Dod Road and travel by Surat-Delhi flight.Official sources said the airline has tied up with Lufthansa airlines in Europe to cater to the AI passenger travelling in Surat-Delhi-Frankfurt flight. Passengers, who want to further travel to other European destinations, can book their tickets with Air India counters at Delhi airport.\"Passengers travelling from Surat have a special advantage of getting extended service to destinations like Europe and Canada. We have extended the service keeping in mind the huge demand on these routes from the diamond industry in particular and NRGs and tourists in general,\" said a senior officer at Air India.He said, \"Air India operates on various international routes. If the connectivity from Surat to Frankfurt and Canada is a success, then we may add other international routes to facilitate our passengers from the city.\"Air India's announcement regarding international air connectivity with Europe and Canada has been warmly received by the world's biggest diamond cutting and polishing industry in Surat.The industry sources said that Belgium is the world's biggest diamond trading hub and there is a direct connection between the diamond traders in Antwerp and Surat. Many diamond dealers from Surat travel to Antwerp via Mumbai for diamond deals every month. However, direct connection from Surat to Frankfurt in Germany will save much of their precious time.\"About 600 diamond traders from the city travel to Antwerp every month. Usually, they take flights from Mumbai to reach Belgium. But now the diamantaires would be able to get a direct connection from Surat to Frankfurt and Belgium,\" said Dinesh Navadia, president of Surat Diamond Association (SDA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12118835", "title": "BRTS for yet another extension of deadline", "text": "INDORE: City commuters awaiting Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) will have to wait for few more months. Completion of the project is all set to miss yet another deadline. The company that has the contract for the project, is seeking yet another renewal of deadline by three months to June 2012. The present deadline is March 31.If granted, it will be the tenth extension of deadline for the 11.5 km BRTS corridor pilot project from Rajeev Gandhi Square to Niranjanpura. The construction started in 2007 and was expected to complete by June 2010. However, it was delayed for years mainly because of non-removal of encroachments in schedule.As many as 22 encroachments, including six monasteries, are yet to be removed causing hindrance in timely completion of the project. Construction work of bridges, sewerage, footpaths, electricity poles and rallings can not be done unless these are razed.Vice-chairman of Neeraj Pratibha Company that was awarded the contract, Parminder Singh confirmed that the company will apply to get another extension for completing the project. He said that construction work of major parts is underway and pending works will be completed in next few months provided encroachments were removed. The company will be seeking extension of three months.Indore Development Authourity ( IDA ) officials, however, denied having received any request for the extension in deadline. \"The deadline will end March 31 and some of the works are yet pending. So the company will have to make proposal seeking extension in deadline which it is likely to be granted,\" said an official related with the project. He said that the project was delayed due to unexpected developments. The authourity and administration are making efforts to remove the encroachments.The removal of the encroachments is causing hindrance to construction of 22 bus stops that are to be developed as a part of the project. Its work was kicked off in January and it may take another six months for completion. Progress of construction of a bridge at Palasia and LIG Square has also been stalled due to encroachment. However, a controversy regarding removal of a religious place is still not solved.Officials claim that priority will be given to completion of bus and motor-vehicle lanes for commuters. \"Buses can start plying now as other buses are already using the road. But BRTS buses are yet to be procured. The process has started and the procurement of the first fleet of buses is expected within two months. As soon as the buses are here, they will ferry on BRTS even as construction of other works will continue parallelly,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12118042", "title": "Shobhit murder: Girlfriend\u2019s parents clear polygraph test", "text": "NEW DELHI: Months after the crime branch began investigations into the Shobhit Modi murder case, they have virtually given a clean chit to parents of Shobhit's girlfriend. However, they will continue to be treated as suspects till the killer is nabbed. Shobhit's girlfriends got a clean chit after undergoing a lie-detector test.\"Since Shobhit's family suspected the role of the family, we questioned them. They cooperated with us and also gave their consent to a lie-detector test. We did not get any significant clue nor did we find anything that can connect the dots,'' said an investigating officer. He said the test was conducted 45 days back and much time was spent on analyzing results. Police have now ruled out carrying a lie-detector test on the girlfriend as she's a minor.The anti-extortion cell led by additional DCP (crime) Ravi Shanker, said they are now looking into the possibility of hired assassins committing the crime. \"All possible motives have become difficult to prove. There's negligible evidence to back claims. The forensic reports have been analysed and we are studying Shobhit's phone records,'' said the officer. \"The road rage angle will be probed later. We are now focusing on Shobhit's girlfriends and those who were in regular touch with him,\" the cop said.Sources said the girl's parents were questioned on allegations by Shobhit's father that they had threatened his son and asked him to stay away from his daughter. Police have already questioned at least 1,000 criminals in connection with the murder. Now, police are now back to square one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12118136", "title": "KMC in a tight spot over streetlights", "text": "KOLKATA: Progressive city administrators round the world are attempting to adopt greener and smarter technologies to curb energy use and reduce waste. But in Kolkata, the philosophy is different with conservation and profligacy going hand in hand.Even as Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) considers a green project to convert all conventional streetlights in the city to LED lamps that will lead to major energy savings, it is simultaneously stepping on the drive to install thousands of trident lights that will run up a huge electricity bill.So much so that it even prompted British deputy high commissioner to Kolkata Sanjay Wadvani to wonder aloud if LED lamps could be made available for the trident lamps as well. The project was being discussed at the 5th Environment Partnership Summit organized by the Indian Chamber of Commerce on Friday.While the LED streetlights were being tried out on a pilot basis, KMC launched a massive beautification drive, the most visible part of which was installing trident lights (three lamps to a post) on footpats. Till now, 20,000-odd trident lights have been installed and another 30,000 have been ordered. The overall cost of the project is around Rs 65-70 crore.But more than the capital cost outgo, it is the recurring bill of Rs 7 crore per annum that is difficult to justify. \"KMC's actions make little sense. On the one hand, it plans to spend money in energy efficient technologies, On the other hand, it is wasting precious funds in lights that bring little benefit to the city,\" remarked an official of another civic body that is rolling out LED streetlamps.The pilot project, in which 273 high power sodium vapour (HPSV) lamps were replaced by LEDs in 2010, is nearing completion in Kolkata. The illumination level, uniformity, lumen depreciation, durability and colour shift were monitored for the whole of last year and found to be satisfactory.The KMC top brass is believed to have been satisfied with the results of the LED pilot project in which 273 high power sodium vapour lamps were replaced by LEDs in 2010. The illumination level, uniformity, lumen depreciation, durability and colour shift were monitored for the whole of last year.Not only did the lamps prove to be more environment-friendly and durable, they also offered better visibility. A survey conducted by TCG showed that drivers and pedestrians experience brighter and clearer vision under LEDs. Compared to HPSV lamps, women and senior citizens feel safer to walk under LEDs.\"The LED lamps are also easier to dispose since they do not contain hazardous materials like mercury,\" said Aditi Dass, director of technology programmes (India) of the Climate Group that has helped many cities, including London, New York, Toronto, Adelaide, Sydney, Guiyang, Hong Kong, Shanghai, Tiajin, Thane and Ahmedabad make the switch from conventional street lights to LEDs.The 273 lights that were installed in Kolkata saved 54 kw energy or 236 units last year, leading to the lowering of the electricity bill by Rs 11 lakh. If all 180,000 streetlights are replaced, the saving will be a whopping 35,604 kw or 1,55,947 units that translates to Rs 75 crore in a year.\"LED lamps are three-times as expensive as conventional lamps. But they save 50-55% electricity and last nearly four times as much as HPSV. The long life of at least 12 years resultS in little replacement expenses incurred at present in the form of replacing the HPSV bulbs, ballasts, ignitors and the luminaire itself,\" Dass pointed out.The total investment required in replacing 180,000 streetlights will be Rs 50-52 crore. The replacement is to be carried out in a phased manner over 12 years. CESC has announced reduced tariff of Rs 3.98/unit for LED street lighting against Rs 4.44/unit for conventional lighting, thereby making the project more viable.\"The payback period with the reduced power tariff and carbon emission reduction certificates that KMC can earn from the project will be a mere five years,\" Dass added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12118218", "title": "Aunt held for killing, burning five-year-old", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The search for five-year-old Dhruvi Jaiswal's killer has led the Gandhinagar police back to her extended family. The cops have detained the girl's aunt along with another woman, while the hunt is on for the third accused.Dhruvi went missing from her school on Wednesday and her charred body was found from Talod in the Sabarkantha district on Thursday afternoon. The girl, a resident of Vaibhav Flats in Dehgam, used to study in standard I at Poornima School. On Wednesday, she was picked up from the school by a woman in late twenties, who had identified herself as the child's aunt. She told the class teacher that Dhruvi was running a fever and she had come to pick her up. When Dhruvi's mother, Manisha, reached the school she realized that Dhruvi had been kidnapped.DGP Chittaranjan Singh said: \"All senior officials of Gandhinagar have been asked to focus on the murder. This is a case of internal family dispute.\" He said the police were hopeful of arresting the culprits soon.The breakthrough in the case came from a sketch of the abductor prepared with the help of witnesses in the school. \"The victim's father, Sandeep Jaiswal, said that the person in the sketch resembled his cousin sister,\" said a Dehgam police official. \"Sandeep and his cousin have locked horns over a family dispute. Since a person involved in the murder is absconding, we are keeping the identity of the suspect secret.\"When the woman was held, she offered an alibi. \"We asked her about her whereabouts during the time of the abduction and she claimed that she was at home in Dehgam,\" the police official said. \"However, some eyewitnesses say that they had spotted the woman in Talod. They also say that she was accompanied by a man and another woman. We are hunting for her boyfriend.\"Dehgam observed a spontaneous bandh on Friday - all business and educational institutes were closed. The Dehgam police have stepped up security arrangements to prevent any untoward incident.FSL steps inA panel of FSL experts - including H T Mody, N M Brahmbhatt and G P Darbar - have collected evidence in Talod. \"The girl's clothes were found a few feet away from the body. They had been burnt to destroy evidence. We have recovered samples of kerosene from the girl's hair,\" said a senior FSL official. \"DNA samples have been collected for identification and tests. According to circumstantial evidence and the condition of the body, we think the killers had pressed the girl's face on the ground to suffocate her and then burnt the body.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117290", "title": "70% squatters\u2019 okay not must for govt SRA schemes: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The consent of 70% slum dwellers-the golden rule in most rehabilitation projects-is not mandatory in slum rehab schemes undertaken by the state, the Bombay High Court has ruled.Dismissing the plea of slum dwellers who had encroached upon a sprawling piece of BMC land in Worli, a division bench of Justices Sharad Bobade and R D Dahanuka recently gave the go ahead for the ambitious plan to expand the Love Grove sewerage pumping station-a mega project initiated after the 26/7 deluge-to keep Mumbai dry and rehabilitate slum dwellers presently occupying the property.\"In our view, since the project in question, i.e. the slum rehabilitation project, is undertaken by the public authorities, the consent of slum dwellers is not necessary as is clear from a perusal (of Development Control Regulations),'' the judges said, adding, \"There is no substance in the issue raised by the petitioners that the developer did not have the consent of 70% of the occupiers.''The HC's order may have an immediate impact on many public projects, including the Dharavi makeover being undertaken by the state, that have been stuck for years together due to the 70% rule.The Love Grove sewage pumping station at Worli, first constructed in 1842, is a grade II heritage structure and has special gates that are opened during low tide to let out sewerage water that the city produces every day. Following the July 2005 deluge, the BMC proposed to expand the pumping station at a cost of over Rs 115 crore as part of the BRIMSTOWAD project under the Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission. As part of its expansion plans, the BMC required 35,775.58 sq m of land that is at present encroached by slums on Dr E Moses Road. While around 25,433 sq m was needed for the sewage treatment plant, only 10,342 square metres was available to construct buildings to rehabilitate slum dwellers. There are around 3,676 slum dwellers occupying the land in four slum colonies of Jivan Jyot Nagar, Shree Vivekanand Nagar, Veer Jeejamata Nagar and Mata Ramabai Nagar. Lokhandwala builders were to rehabilitate the slum dwellers in multi-storey towers as part of a composite project.Some residents of Vivekanand Nagar moved the court saying the developer did not have the consent of 70% of the 1,000 families staying in the locality. The state pointed out that the builder had 50% consent of the total slum dwellers. The BMC also said the project was crucial for the city as the existing facilities only covered the period up to 2004. With south and central Mumbai seeing a boom in construction, the expansion move had a planning horizon up to 2025. \"The main goal of the project is to provide a healthier and improved environment for people living in the city while minimizing the impact of waste water on natural environment,\" the BMC said in its affidavit.The court noted that while the DCR rules normally require 70% consent in rehabilitation projects, an exception could be made for slum rehab projects initiated by the state or public authorities. It said the state government had given a reasoned order and had also ensured that the interests of the slum dwellers was protected. Refusing to interfere with the state's 2010 order to rehabilitate the slum dwellers, the court dismissed the petitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12121113", "title": "Nagia s farewell a grand affair", "text": "LUDHIANA: After years of glorious service in the Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL), 58-year-old Rachpal Singh Nagi, a circle superintendent of the corporation, retired on February 29. He was given a warm send off at the office in superintendent engineer (SE), transformer repair work (TRW) circle, in Sarabha Nagar.Nagi of Krishna Nagar says, \"I was given farewell on February 29. Engineer-in-chief of the workshop organization of PSPCL, Suresh Goel, also graced the occasion. Engineer Jagjit Singh , Gurmeet Singh, R K Mahajan and Manmohan Singh garlanded me and presented me with a memento.\"A lunch was also organized for Nagi and his family members, including wife Pushpinder, daughters Rupinder and Jasleen and sons-in-laws Charanjeet Singh, Jagseer Singh and his son Harmandarjot Singh. \"It was an emotional moment for me, as I served in the department for so many decades. But I am glad that I would get to rest now,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12118481", "title": "Fisheries varsity VC denies fraud charges", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala University of Fisheries and Ocean studies ( KUFOS) vice-chancellor B Madhusoodana Kurup, in statement issued on Friday, said that allegations of financial misappropriations against him were false and untrue.He said that there were no financial liabilities for him at Cochin University of Science and Technology (Cusat) as all the documents had been submitted and the university auditors had accepted the financial statements.Kurup said that during his assignment at the School of Industrial Fisheries, 150 research papers of international repute were produced from the various projects at Cusat.\"All the expenditure bills were submitted to the funding agencies and cleared. If there was any discrepancy, the agency would not have cleared the project,\" he said in a statement.\"All the funds came into the department account and not into my account as charged. As for the charges of over-billing at fisheries university, the travel expenses were based on taxi bills as the university did not have an official car and it was with the state government and university approval,\" the vice-chancellor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12116532", "title": "MLAs, MPs drawing salary without PAN: Writ petition", "text": "CHENNAI: At least eight MLAs in Tamil Nadu had been drawing salary from the Assembly Secretariat during 2001-06 without any permanent account number (PAN), and at least six others had shown nil income despite drawing the salary, a public interest writ petition filed in the Madras high court has said.Even a few members of parliament are no exception, the PIL says. The AIADMK's M Thambidurai, inspite of drawing an annual salary of 11.4 lakh since 2009, claimed that he did not have a PAN. Kallakurichi MP, Dhanaraju, had paid only 35 as income tax for the assessment year of 2008-09, the PIL claimed, citing details obtained under the RTI Act.As for MLAs from the Communist parties, the petitioner submitted that they claimed all the permissible allowances and perks without actually submitting any proof of expenses, and then surrendering all allowances to the party coffers. Noting that the tax deduction at source (TDS), too, is not properly done, the PIL claimed that in the case of former chief minister M Karunanidhi, TDS was not deducted at all.It is the case of the petitioner that at least 47 MLAs have been under-reporting their income, and many have not been filing their income tax returns regularly. He said the RTI details obtained in respect of 100 legislators had these particulars.Advocate Manikandan Vathan Chettiar, counsel for the petitioner, wanted the court to direct the parliamentary and state assembly secretariat to deduct TDS for MPs and MLAs and pay allowances only upon production of valid claims along with proof of expenses. He also wanted a direction to the authorities to recover the income tax evasion for a period between 2006 and 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117526", "title": "Branded girl\u2019s father arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: Police on Friday arrested the father of a seven-year-old girl from Dharavi who was branded by her stepmother and tortured by her for over two months. Sujit Thakur was rounded up around 7pm, after the Child Welfare Committee (CWC) found him guilty of negligence and aiding his wife in tormenting the child.The girl's stepmother has been in jail custody since February 8. \"The stepmother was first arrested on February 1, after the child lodged a complaint. But the next day, she was released on bail. She was re-arrested a week later when the Bandra court revoked her bail. The girl's father was arrested late on Friday, following the CWC's decision,\" DCP (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni told TOI on Friday.The couple have been booked under sections 34 (common intention), 324 (assault), 326 (causing grievous hurt) of the IPC, read with (r/w) 41 of the Juvenile Justice Act. \"Thakur will be produced in court on Saturday. The CWC ordered his arrest after the girl told the panel that she had complained to him about the torture several times but he did not pay heed,\" said Dharavi police assistant inspector Vishwanath Shelar. \"The CWC will decide on the fate of the girl on March 9.\"The abuse came to light on February 1 when the victim ran out of her Dharavi home after being assaulted and branded by her stepmother by hot spoons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12122564", "title": "MCD ghost employees scam: RTI activist who went missing 'traced' in Muzaffarnagar", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 38-year-old RTI activist, who had helped expose the MCD 'ghost employees' scam, went missing from east Delhi since Thursday and was \"traced\" in Muzaffarnagar in Uttar Pradesh, police said today.Shiv Kumar Tiwari, who had carried out a sting operation on NDMC officials and Delhi Police personnel for taking bribe and filed a complaint in the the MCD 'ghost employees' case, has gone missing from east Delhi's Ghazipur two days ago.\"We have traced him to Muzaffarnagar and is being brought to Delhi,\" a senior police official said. However, he did not provide further details.Tiwari is a florist who owns a shop in Connaught Place and had gone to buy flowers from Ghazipur market in the early hours of Thursday along with one of his employees Chandan when he went missing.Police had registered a case soon after the family approached police about the incident.After it was alleged that MCD officials were involved in fraudulent withdrawal of salaries on behalf of hundreds of non-existent employees, it was revealed that 22,853 gardeners and sweepers were 'ghost' employees on the civic agency's payrolls and salary had been drawn on their behalf.It had caused a loss of about Rs 500 crore to the public exchequer in five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12121230", "title": "Pamela, Rajdeep's romance on social media site", "text": "They have been the 'it' couple from the word go. Partying together at city clubs and shopping in the city streets.But whenever we asked model-actor Pamela about her relationship with Rajdeep, it was the much cliched 'We are just good friends'.A little birdie let us on a social networking site where Pamela has posted on her wall on February 24, \"I want to be your last romance Rajdeep Gupta....love you\". The comment from Rajdeep? \"My name is I, my problem LOVE, and the solution is YOU.\"We wonder if that's not going public then what is. Not done Pamela!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12116662", "title": "Rare mouse deer spotted in Nagzira", "text": "NAGPUR: The rare sighting of a mouse deer in the 152 sq km Nagzira wildlife sanctuary on Wednesday is definitely a welcome news for wildlife enthusiasts.The mouse deer, a little known species that is fast vanishing, was sighted by wildlife enthusiast Sunil Dhote from Gondia and a section of tourists near Wakda-Berda water hole on February 29 around 6.30 pm. \"I've been visiting Nagzira for the past 21 years but this is for the first time that I have spotted a mouse deer,\" Dhote said.In India, the mouse deer - also called as Indian Chevrotain, is commonly seen in a number of forest areas along the Western Ghats, Eastern Ghats up to Orissa and in the forests of Central India. They favour rocky habitats, grass-covered rocky hill-sides.\"Mouse deer is a very timid and nocturnal animal difficult to spot in the wild. It lives in cavities of big trees,\" said conservationist Prafulla Bhamburkar. \"I remember hunting of a mouse deer near Bodhalzira by a local poacher in 1971,\" he recalled. Bhamburkar admits that sighting of mouse deer is very rare. \"The last mouse deer I sighted was in Nagzira in 1976 behind the lake,\" he remembered. On the contrary, M Srinivas Reddy, conservator of forests (CF) for Gondia wildlife division, says the checklist of mammals as per the approved management plan of Nagzira has a mention of mouse deer.\"It means there is already presence of mouse deer in Nagzira. The sanctuary seems to be a good habitat for the rare herbivore,\" Reddy clarified. However, wildlife expert Kishor Rithe says the species was earlier widespread but now their sightings have become rare. The reason being that trees with big girth, which are good habitat of mouse deer, were cut down during logging practices in Vidarbha.\"Most of the sanctuaries here were notified after 1985, till the time when logging was on. This led to habitat destruction. In unlogged areas like Gugamal in Melghat, mouse deer still exist but sightings are rare. It was in 2004 that I sighted last. Prior to that it was in 1992,\" Rithe said.Even as the mouse deer sighting has thrilled wildlife enthusiasts, the wildlife wing has no specific data on it due to its rarity. Last year, in adjoining Navegaon National Park, rare sighting of caracal was recorded. It was again sighted last month.How to identify a mouse deerIndian mouse deer remains an example of primitive ruminant form. The brown coat is speckled with white markings. The body is stocky, with rounded hindquarters. The legs are slender and the feet are four-toed, but the outer toes are small. It has 34 teeth. The upper canines in the male are longer and more pointed. It gives birth to only a single young one. This animal grows to about 20 inches long, and weighs about six pounds. This nocturnal animal is very timid and disappears in dense vegetation. It is solitary, except for the mating period. Its diet is quite varied, and includes both plants and small animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "12116679", "title": "Veerapandi aide arrested under Goonda\u2019s Act", "text": "SALEM: B Kowsiga Boopathy, a close aide of former minister and DMK Salem district secretary Veerapandi S Arumugam, was arrested under the Goondas' Act from Tirutani by the city police on Thursday. Police said that he has involved in five land grab cases.Boopathy, 58, belongs to Sankagiri in Salem district and is an executive member of DMK Salem district committee. \"He is involved in five land grab cases registered in Salem and Chennai between 2006 and 2011. The four cases in Salem include Angammal colony case, Dasanaickanpatti Balamohanraj's case, Coimbatore jewellery case and Salem co-operative Seva Sangam's land case,\" police said.In the Angammal colony land grab case, Boopathy usurped land estimated at Rs 10 crore belonging to 23 families after threatening the land owners. In the Bala Mohanraj case, the owner was forced to part with 12,676 square feet land worth Rs 4 crore for Rs 40 lakh.In the Chennai case, Boopathy obtained a power of attorney from Muthu of Red Hills for 40.38 acres in the same area. Later, the power of attorney was cancelled and the title of the land transferred to Boopathy's relatives, police claimed.Boopathy is the second person from Salem to be arrested under the Goondas' Act. Earlier, Arumugam's nephew Parapatti K Suresh Kumar was detained on January 30 this year.Boopathy, a relative of Tamil Nadu Agriculture University vice chancellor Morgues Boopathy, joined DMK in 1980 and gradually became the assistant to former DMK minister Veerapandi Arumugam.Since AIADMK gained office in Chennai, many influential persons including Veerapandi Arumugam, Parapatti Suresh Kumar and Lakshmanan, a police inspector, were arrested in land grab cases. However, Boopathy evaded arrest for nearly two months.In September last, he moved the Madras high court seeking anticipatory bail. However, the high court ordered him to appear before Salem judicial magistrate court on September 23. Accordingly, he had appeared in court and got bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12116950", "title": "Fiefdoms under attack in North Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Several constituencies in North Goa are expected to witness close fights this election, with some heavyweights already feeling the stinging heat.Challenge in the fiefdomIn Poriem, observers say speaker of the Goa legislative assembly, Pratapsingh Rane, is facing the toughest electoral battle of his four-decade-long political career.If it's any indication, this is the first time in several elections that the septuagenarian politician has been seen canvassing vigorously, they say.Rane won his first poll in 1972 and has won nine subsequent assembly elections.He is being challenged this time around by first time-contestant and BJP candidate from the same warrior community-Vishwajit Krishnarao Rane.The fact that his opponent shares the name of his son-state health minister Vishwajit Rane-isn't of any consolation to Rane senior.Son-set on the horizon?Vishwajit Pratapsingh Rane, incidentally, isn't having it any easier in Valpoi, say observers.BJP candidate Satyavijay Naik is affecting the health minister's political health in Rane's home turf, they say.Vishwajit was elected for the first time as an independent candidate in the 2007 assembly election. He has politically grown up to be a potential kingmaker.In this election alone he has been the force behind two BJP legislators quitting their party and MLA-ship for the Congress... and bagging the latter's poll tickets.Analysts say that this time around the assembly poll in Valpoi may not be a cakewalk for Rane junior.Youngster amid oldiesIn Aldona constituency, two veteran leaders are in the five-contender field.While Dayanand Narvekar, the incumbent legislator, won his first electoral battle in 1977 from Tivim constituency, Wilfred de Souza won his from Calangute in 1980, moving to Saligao when the constituency was delimited.While Narvekar, 61, has held several ministerial berths in his political tenure, de Souza, 84, a retired surgeon, has even been a chief minister.The contender giving the duo a tough fight in the constituency, is, ironically, a first-time contender, a businessman and is only in his 40s-BJP's Glen Ticlo.The revenge factor...The constituency being watched the most-by both election pundits and election flying squads-is St Cruz.Education minister Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate has shifted from his home turf of Taleigao to St Cruz and is facing two very tough rivals-BJP's Dinar Tarcar and independent candidate Rudolf Fernandes.While Tarcar, a builder and miner, is the richest candidate in Goa's entire assembly fray, Rudolf is the son of Victoria Fernandes who lost the Congress ticket to Monserrate, despite being the incumbent legislator.Like Rudolf, Tarcar too is believed to be braying for Monserrate's blood, say observers, adding that it's to avenge his loss to BJP's Manohar Parrikar in Panaji in 2007. The open secret is that Monserrate aided the loss....in Calangute tooRevenge is on the minds of those challenging sitting Calangute MLA Agnelo Fernandes too, say observers.His friend-turned-foe, Calangute sarpanch Joseph Sequeira, despite being denied the BJP ticket is solidly behind the party candidate in the constituency ZP member Michael Lobo.Trouble in their turfsIn Ponda, Congress home minister Ravi Naik is facing a tough fight from Maharastrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) candidate Lavu Mamledar.Naik, who won his first assembly election from Ponda in 1984 on an MGP ticket, polled a winning 1,700 votes in 2007 thanks largely to the BJP and MGP fielding separate candidates. This time around, with the two parties in an alliance, it's a straight fight for the former chief minister who has party-hopped diligently.In Mandrem, BJP state president Laxmikant Parsekar is hoping for a hat-trick win, but faces a tough foe in his old party colleague and former Pernem MLA Dayanand Sopte. Sopte is contesting on a Congress ticket.In Cumbharjua, sitting MLA Pandurang Madkaikar too faces a stiff challenge from BJP-backed independent candidate Nirmala Sawant, who has lost to the incumbent by very small margins in earlier elections. In 2007 she lost by just 500 votes.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "12123060", "title": "J&K; deputy CM's flight makes emergency landing", "text": "SRINAGAR: A Jammu-bound flight with Jammu and Kashmir deputy chief minister and several high profile people among those on board on Saturday made an emergency landing at Srinagar International Airport minutes after it took off.The Spice Jet flight had to return to Srinagar airport soon after it took off this afternoon as it developed a 'technical snag', an official of the Airport Authority said.Among the passengers were deputy chief minister Tara Chand, minister of state for home Nasir Aslam Wani and several senior state government officials who later boarded another flight to Jammu, the official said.Test runs were being conducted on the plane to check its flight safety, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117879", "title": "Eight judges transferred", "text": "MUMBAI: Eight judges from the city civil and sessions court have been transferred out of Mumbai following a Bombay High Court notification. Three of the judges have recently delivered judgments in high-profile cases the city has witnessed in the last few years. The notification, dated March 1, was sent to the sessions court by the high court chief registrar. Sources said the transfers were routine but had come a month earlier.The eight are additional sessions judge M S Kshirsagar, additional sessions judge R R Deshmukh, S Malpani Pawar, additional sessions judge A Subramaniam, special judge S A Deshmukh, and judges V P Gaikwad, R G Asmar and R R Vaishnav. They have been transferred to towns in the state: Kshirsagar to Basmat Nagar, R R Deshmukh to Aurangabad, Pawar to Dhule, Subramaniam and S A Deshmukh to Yavatmal , Gaikwad to Latur, Asmar to Gondia and Vaishnav to Gondia.On January 30, S A Deshmukh acquitted four who allegedly kidnapped and murdered Adnan Patrawala (16) in 2007. Sujit Nair, Ayush Bhat, Rajiv Dhariya and Amit Kaushal were acquitted after the prosecution's circumstantial evidence could not be proved in court. A few days later on February 1, Subramaniam convicted hotelier Lalit D'Souza for pumping six bullets into his sister Lorna in October 2007 over a property dispute. Lalit was sentenced to three years under a lesser charge of causing grievous hurt. Soon after the punishment was announced, he was granted bail on a surety of Rs 15,000.Subramaniam this week convicted multi-crore stamp paper scam kingpin Abdul Karim Telgi to life imprisonment in three cases of forgery, fraud and cheating.On February 27, Pawar had acquitted three people in a rape and immoral trafficking case involving senior inspector Arun Borude. Borude had allegedly raped a minor in 2010. He committed suicide on December 29, 2010. Three of the other accused, Shanta-bai Gaikwad, who alleged pushed the girl into prostitution and two alleged clients Mohanchand Shyam and Chandrabhan Gupta, were acquitted after the prosecution failed to prove the case.The 2010 Kurla rape-murder case trial is being heard by Pawar, while S A Deshmukh is hearing two cases on gangster Arun Gawli and a case involving the murder of matka king Suresh Bhagat. The 2006 Lakkhan Bhaiyya fake encounter case trial was being conducted in Subramaniam's court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12117028", "title": "Observer denies complaint against PI in 2007 polls", "text": "PANAJI: Five years after an inquiry was initiated against a police inspector on instructions of the Election Commission of India for failing to act against a candidate in the 2007 assembly election, the election observer posted to Goa, who is the main witness as well as the complainant in the case has now said, in a letter to the ECI, that she \"has not made any complaint\" against the PI and she should be dropped as a witness in the case. The PI, meanwhile, has not been posted for election duty as a departmental inquiry is pending against him in the matter.Anita Karwal, who was the general observer for the 2007 assembly elections, in her letter to the ECI in 2011 said, \"My complaint was against then SP D K Sawant. I had not made any complaint against the ex-PI of Old Goa police station, PI Rajendra Raut Dessai. Infact I am not even aware of any lapse on his part with regard to my complaint. The action initiated by the state is therefore not based on my complaint\".The letter has recently been forwarded by the EC to Goa police. Further, on December 16, when the police's inquiry officer, who is conducting the departmental inquiry against the PI, wrote to the EC requesting them to send Karwal to present material evidence, EC forwarded a letter in which Karwal requested that she be dropped as a witness in the case.On receiving the same, the police's inquiry officer has submitted a report stating, \"Anita Karwal as witness should be dropped and as nothing remains against the charged officer, DE (departmental enquiry) dropped\".In contrast, Karwal in 2007 had written to the EC objecting to the PI naming her as a complainant in a case registered against an unknown person on a complaint given by her. In her complaint on May 17, 2007, Karwal said that she was roaming in Chimbel panchayat area at 11.30am, when she saw a Hyundai car with Congress stickers canvassing and ordered the police to impound the car and initiate action under Section 133 of Representation of People's Act. The same day, PI Dessai sent a report stating that the offence was registered against an unknown person acting. The report also said that the owner of the vehicle during the inquiry produced the vehicle and the same was impounded.\"The official has political affiliations and this may be in the notice of the district SP also,\" Karwal said in her complaint. In the EC report it was also stated that this shows there was a \"deliberate attempt on the part of Dessai to thwart and silently sabotage the process of free and fair elections by ignoring and consciously refusing to follow lawful orders of the commission\".Acting on the complaint, PI Dessai was suspended for \"failure in performance of duty\" and a departmental inquiry ordered against him.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12116460", "title": "No water or play for residents of Darulshifa", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Bal Shetty Khet playground in Darulshifa is literally torn between the Water Board and local politicians. Four years ago a wall came up cutting through the centre of the ground with one half earmarked for the construction of a two lakh kilo-litre water tank which is yet to see the light of day. After four years and many revisions the file is still stuck in red tape.Residents who did not object to the construction of the tank on the playground due to scarcity of water in the area in summers, now feel they have been taken for a ride. It was just another false promise by politicians before elections, they fume. Abu Turab Mirza from Darulshifa said, \"Now, we neither have water nor a proper playground. Earlier the area was used to hold football and cricket matches and even religious gatherings such as a majlis. You will hardly find anybody playing there, only unemployed youth whiling away time.\" Another resident said that since the west gate of the ground is always locked, a hole has been made in the wall by the locals to gain access to the other half of the playground.Sources from the HMWS&SB; say that the plan to construct a tank and laying a new pipeline were drawn after residents had complained of low water pressure. But after erecting a few columns, work stopped abruptly due to land constraints. Other reasons for stopping work were because the library on the playground hadn't been moved and that a revised estimate of Rs 7.9 crore was submitted in June 2011 with orders to proceed still awaited. The file has been doing the rounds of various wings of the board, they added. Executive engineer of HMWS&SB; A Prabhakar said, \"Due to escalation of cost of materials required for the project, I have submitted a revised estimate four months ago for the construction of an overhead reservoir, sump, pipeline and electric equipment. We will receive word of when to go ahead with execution soon.\" Two different versions were obtained from water works officials with another official saying that work was abandoned midway because they weren't able to locate the main water supply line and that currently the area draws water from the Santoshnagar water reservoir.The issue was taken up by Charminar MLA Pasha Quadri in 2011 who wrote to the Water Board submitting a revised estimate. He blames government officials for the delay in construction of the tank and gives a different account of why work was stopped, \"In spite of taking up the issue again a year and ago and after writing to the board, no progress has been made. This is due to the lackadaisical approach of the Water Board.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12120398", "title": "Bhuwaneswar man creates Guiness record", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Breaking green coconuts with the head is not a hard nut to crack for Keshab Swain. The 40-year-old resident of Bhubaneswar entered the Guinness Book of World Records by smashing 85 coconuts in one minute at Janta Maidan here on Wednesday.Swain, who earlier cracked Limca Book of Records, went on the coconut breaking spree with his head, elbow , knee and palms. Spectators watched the event with wide eyes as the Guinness authorities handed him a certificate for his rare fete. \"Guinness Records officer Nitin Shukla acknowledged my effort and gave me the certificate,\" Swain told media persons. Swain was asked to crack 50 coconuts in one minute to achieve the coveted record. But he bettered it by breaking 85 coconuts in a minute.Swain had impressed the Guinness Records authorities through a demonstration of his prowess here in 2008. \"After rigorous practice, I approached the Guinness for the record,\" said Swain, who works as a physical trainer in Bhubaneswar.Swain entered the Limca Book of Records in July 2011 by breaking as many as 250 green coconuts in 8 minutes, 56 seconds. He had surpassed his own record of breaking 184 green coconuts in six minutes and six seconds in 2010. He started doing the rare act in 2007 by breaking 144 coconuts in seven minutes and 16 seconds.Financial problem continues to plague him as he struggles to generate funds to sustain his endeavour. \"Despite creating several national records, I am yet to get financial assistance from the state government. I have only got accolades from different quarters. I got some relief after a couple of corporate houses came to my rescue recently,\" Swain said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12118662", "title": "CBI likely to seek Irfan\u2019s custody", "text": "KANPUR: The CBI sleuths are trying to seek the custody of Irfan alias Shyam and take him to Bhopal to complete the investigations in RTI activist Shehla Masood murder case. After the initial interrogation of Irfan inside the jail by CBI officials, it is being expected that the investigating agency would try to seek the custody of Irfan.RS Punia, SP in Central Bureau of India landed in the city on Friday morning. According to sources, CBI sleuths and Special Task Force DSP Triveni Singh had visited Kanpur court and sought legal opinion from the government counsel. Though the court staff is tight-lipped but it is being presumed that CBI team is busy in completing the legal formalities to take Irfan under custody for interrogation.According to legal experts, the team would have to procure a B warrant from Bhopal court first and then the same should be submitted in the court of chief metropolitan magistrate, Kanpur. The court would thereafter grant a transit remand to CBI to take Irfan to Bhopal under its custody. The CBI team had no B warrant so they had not initiated any proceedings in the court. They would file application before the court as soon as they obtain B warrant from Bhopal court.A two-member CBI team had grilled Irfan in Kanapur jail for almost three hours. A senior police official who interrogated Irfan alias Shyam soon after his arrest from Beconganj area of the city on late Tuesday night, said: \"According to Irfan, woman architect Zahida Pervez had initially fixed August 15 to eliminate 39-year-old RTI activist Shehla Masood, but the hitmen failed to shoot her. She had gone to a restaurant in Bhopal, had rolled up the tinted glasses of her car and left the place immediately after coming out of the restaurant.\"Irfan, Shanu Olanga and Salim had trailed Shehla Masood from her Koh-e-Fiza house in Bhopal. Shanu Olanga, who was equipped with a revolver and a pistol, had taken position to eliminate Shehla while Irfan and Salim armed with firearms were providing cover to him at a distance of nearly 50 metres. Irfan told the police that before reaching the restaurant, Zahida Pervez had asked Saqib Danger what was happening, adding that she wanted the job done that day itself. He said Zahida again rang Saqib Danger, who informed her that they missed her as Shehla had rolled up the screen of her car and drove through the restaurant giving no chance to the assassins. After they failed to accomplish the task on August 15, 2011, Saqib Danger had then arranged for a talk with Zahida Pervez on latter's cell phone.\"Zahida got furious on phone and said that you people cannot achieve the task to which Shanu Olanga even had and an argument with her,\" said the police official, quoting Irfan. They again chalked out a plan to eliminate Shehla and this time they decided to execute it right in front of her Koh-e-Fiza house and fixed next day, August 16, 2011 for accomplishing the task. \"In the morning on August 16, as soon as Shehla took to the driving seat, Shanu Olanga intercepted her and shot her from point-blank range while she was about to leave for an India Against Corruption campaign,\" police sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12121800", "title": "Shehla Masood murder: Saba in CBI custody for three days", "text": "INDORE: Saba Faruqui, a close friend of interior designer Zahida Pervez-- accused of masterminding the murder of RTI activist Shehla Masood-- has been remanded to CBI custody for three days on Saturday after she was produced before a local court.A day after her arrest in Bhopal , Saba was charged with criminal conspiracy and was produced before Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) Special Court Magistrate Shubhra Singh , who sent her to custody till March 6.Investigators sought her remand for 10 days stating they need Saba for grilling to know her links with other accused but CBI special magistrate restricted the remand only for three days.Sabh's counsel Zahid Hassan Siddique opposed the CBI remand, stating that his client was just friend of Zahida and no prima-facie case has been made against her so far. Saba name did not figure in the diary seized by the CBI during the raid at Zahida's office two days back in Bhopal.The CBI court on Wednesday had remanded Zahida and Saqib Ali alias Danger to the CBI custody till March six. Now the trio, all hailing from Bhopal, would be brought to the court on March 6. Meanwhile, Prosecuting agency CBI on Saturday got production warrant to bring Irfan from Kanpur. He will be produced in the court on March 9.Masood was shot dead in driving seat in her car from point blank range close to her residence in Koh-e-Fiza area on August 16.Zahida with the help of Danger had allegedly hired sharpshooter Shanu Alauga and Irfan from Kanpur to bump off Masood.Shanu has been killed in a gang war (unrelated to Masood murder) in Kanpur some months back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12116647", "title": "Signal failure disrupts train service for 3 hours", "text": "CHENNAI: Thousands of commuters between Guindy and Tambaram were stranded or delayed between 7.15am and 10.15am due to snarls on the suburban line caused by the failure of an automatic traffic signal.A snag in the cable line between Tambaram Sanatorium and Tambaram led to the signal failure, a railway official said. As the trains got delayed up to 30 minutes because of slow movement, commuters spilled over the compartments. Many opted for buses, which in turn got crowded. \"I reached office two hours late,\" said K Saraswathi, a commuter who took a bus from Tambaram to Parrys. Buses take more than one-and-a-half hour to cover the distance a train travels in 40 minutes.As commuters got stuck at the ten railway stations between Guindy and Tambaram, autorickshaws made hay. MTC officials said they tried to increase bus services on the route during the crisis hours. \"We operated additional buses from Tambaram and increased the frequencies of buses,\" said an MTC official at Tambaram.S Anantharaman, divisional railway manager chennai division said signals went blank in the section after 7am. \"We initiated a safety procedure which is carried out when signals fail. The trains were received manually and dispatched at the stations. This caused delays,\" he said. At least 15 train services between Tambaram and Chennai Beach were delayed. Another half-a-dozen train services on the route were cancelled.Another official said the first train after the signal failure had to be held back for almost an hour before railway staff manually inspected the route and gave clearance. Each train had to be manually cleared at an interval of 15 minutes. The speed of many trains were reduced from the usual 90kmph to 30kmph because of the snag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12121229", "title": "Qatar Airways offers special student fares", "text": "NEW DELHI: Qatar Airways recently announced special student fares to Europe, Australia and USA. The airline with its extensive route network of over 100 destinations, connecting 12 cities in India is offering 40kg of baggage to Europe and Australia. Three piece of baggage each, not exceeding more than 23kg, to New York, Washington, Houston and Montreal . The fares are available for sale and travel until 30 April.Visit www.qatarairways.com/in for more information or call 079 3061 6000 with its extensive route network of over 100 destinations and connecting from 12 cities in India.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12118052", "title": "Bhatti mines spring to life, leopard spotted", "text": "NEW DELHI: A little over a century ago, Delhi's forests were home to a large number of carnivores including lions, leopards and wolves. As forest land disappeared so did most of its animals. However, there is finally some hope that they might return. Officials have been tracking the presence of a leopard at Bhatti Mines for the past couple of months, which has possibly been visiting from adjoining Haryana. The animal has been seen on several occasions, but could not be photographed. Its pug marks, however, have been positively identified by several sources.The Bhatti area, ravaged by large scale mining till a few years back, has been revived to a considerable extent by the army's eco-task force (ETF). Vast swathes of greenery dotted with water holes have replaced the pockmarked landscape and is already housing a huge variety of biodiversity. \"The leopard has been spotted quite regularly since December, especially near the watering holes, but we have not managed to get any photographic evidence of the animal. We did photograph its pug marks. It is coming into Bhatti Mines from the Faridabad-Gurgaon side,\" said Col Pradeep Sandhir, commanding officer of the ETF.WWF officials confirmed the positive identification of the pug marks. \"There is a leopard population in the Aravalis and this animal is probably a vagrant from the Haryana side. It is not living in Bhatti Mines,\" said an official.The presence of the leopard and a clan of hyenas, along with a whole host of birds, butterflies and reptiles indicate the successful revival of the degraded eco-system.Sources said that with the development of Bhatti, the government needed to ensure safety of the eco-system, especially since wildlife entering the area from the Haryana side needs to cross a populated area to reach it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12116620", "title": "Mounting power crisis compounds water worries", "text": "HYDERABAD: The continuing power crisis has begun taking a toll on drinking water supplies in the state's 164 municipalities. Although elections to the local bodies are due, the Kiran Kumar Reddy government is likely to put off these polls till after summer due to the abject state of power and water supply across the state.The water wars are worse in towns where authorities are not able to supply even the minimum requirement. However, even in municipalities with no water problem, the supply may be non-existent with water supply officials hamstrung by repeated power failure. Power cuts have already started impacting upon the water supply in many urban local bodies ( ULB).As on February 27, out of 164 ULBs, 30 are such where life has been thrown out of gear by power cuts and that includes important towns like Pulivendula, Adoni, Gudur, Macherla and Rajampet.Power cuts that range from between four and eight hours-long are now a daily affair in these areas. The number of ULBs affected by power cuts is expected to more than double with the power situation not likely to improve in the near future.Authorities in the municipal administration department feared that non-supply days may increase for several municipalities even in areas which fall in the drier parts of Telangana and Rayalaseema.Authorities said that the power problem thus only ends up adding to the poor status of water supply in about half the urban local bodies. The water supply is already below 70 litres per capita per day (LPCD), the state average, in 74 ULBs. The problem is expected to aggravate with an increase in the rate and duration of power-cuts coupled with a higher demand in summer, when water sources dry up, sources added.As of now, a regular, daily water supply is available to only 106 municipalities. There as many as 25 such municipalities which get water once every two days. Eleven ULBs get water once every three days whereas the Madanapalli and Parakal municipalities get water once in four days.In all these municipalities, it is the colonies that are on the outskirts which are found to be bearing the brunt of the crisis.\"The situation in the coastal areas, where the water is mostly drawn from canals and stored, is better. This type of arrangement is rare in the other regions,\" department sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12118172", "title": "Gujarat sold 5K million units of power to other states", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government admitted on the floor of the House that there were around 4.5 lakh pending applications for electricity connections in the state.Minister of state for energy Saurabh Patel, during a discussion on selling power to other states, said that 4,60,249 applications for power connections were pending and these included 59,000 connections in the dark zone area.In all, 24 members raised the issue of selling surplus power to other states and not giving electricity connections to farmers of the state. Patel said that in a year, 50,704 new connections were given and this was a record in a single year.He said that power cannot be stored and this was the reason why the central government in 2003 brought out an Act permitting trade of surplus power. Gujarat has been a power-surplus state since 2008 and hence electricity was being sold to other states. Last year, the state had sold 5,105 million units to states like Rajasthan, Haryana, Punjab, Delhi and Maharashtra.Patel said that the government sold power at Rs 8.51 per unit to Rajasthan, at Rs 7.70 per unit to Maharashtra and 9.52 per unit to Delhi. He said by selling these surplus power, the government was giving Rs 3,000 crore as subsidy to farmers.He said because of an increase in the freight charges and the prices of coal, a fuel surcharge of Rs 1.57 was collected from the industries and this was not levied on the farmers.Leader of opposition Shaktisinh Gohil just before being suspended asked the government if it wanted to blacklist Adani Power as the company after getting higher prices from other states has refused to give power to Gujarat and was making profits.Patel in his reply said the government has taken the issue with the regulatory authorities and the firm has been directed to supply power to Gujarat as promised in the memorandum of understanding.Porbandar MLA Arjun Modhwadia alleged that the government had failed to collect Rs 1,800 crore from Essar plant in Hazira.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12118752", "title": "Remove those earphones before you go deaf", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Music, too, can leave you deaf. Gone are the days when only sexagenarian used to complain of hearing lossm now even 45-year-olds are also being diagnosed with the condition.Based on daily clinical assessment, the city-based doctors are seeing people in 40-45 age group suffering hear loss. In most of these cases, patients used earphones for music or phones for over eight hours a day and were detected with tinnitus (early signs of hearing loss).According to WHO, hearing loss is the most prevalent sensory disability globally with over 275 million persons in the world living with deafness or hearing impairment.The out patient department (OPD) of city hospitals, including PGI and Government Medical College and Hospital, have been witnessing six to seven cases of hearing loss every day, most attributed to extensive usage of headphones.Dr Sanjay Munjal, department of otolaryngology (speech and hearing unit), PGI, said, Alarmed by the rise in such cases, we are working on a project that will study noise levels in and around airport, national highway and railway station, which are supposed to be the loudest noise zones, to assess other factors affecting hearing loss.Those who have symptoms like headache , ringing sensation in ears (tinnitus) and pain around the ears may suffer irreversible hearing loss. We have been seeing 3-4 such cases daily. These are mostly between 45-50 years of age group, said Dr Munjal. 85-110 decibels within 2 hours is also a very high-level of sound which can damage the ear, said Dr Munjal.Care For Your EarsUse landline phone as it has lesser sound frequency than that of a mobileUse a mobile on loudspeaker mode to cut down the excessive sound pressure when used directlyDo not use a ear bud to clear wax as it pushes the wax deeper blocking the earAvoid excessive volume when using stereos and home theater systemsSome illnesses and medical conditions can affect hearing. If you experience sudden hearing loss or persistent noise in your ears or head, see an ear physician immediately", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12118997", "title": "Govt has money for functions, but not for development works", "text": "MYSORE: The government may not have money for development works and the opposition may be crying hoarse over the former's alleged failure to release money for drought-relief works. But it seems there is no dearth of funds to organize functions to boast of government programmes and works.The district administration has received Rs 75 lakh directly from the government for Sarkari Savalatthu Santhe (government facilities fair), a programme for beneficiaries of various schemes scheduled for Saturday.Sources said though there is no provision to sanction money exclusively for functions and for arrangements on such occasions, the government has allegedly not bothered to look into the rules guiding such releases. Sources in the government said district minister Ramdas, who is organizing the programme, prevailed upon the chief minister to release Rs 1.5 crore for the mega event. However, the CM's office rejected the demand, saying there is no such provision to release money exclusively to organize functions.The source said the minister refused to budge. \"When there are precedents of government releasing money for such functions, how the same cannot be done now?\" the minister reportedly asked the CM and his officials. However, the CM later heeded and directed his office to release the money, the source added.When contacted, both DC P S Vastrad and district minister Ramdas confirmed the release of Rs 75 lakh by the government. Defending the release, the minister said government has powers and provision to release money for such functions. \"Twenty-three departments are involved in the function, and government has done nothing wrong by releasing the money,\" he said. When asked how the government can utilize public money for department functions, the DC said: \"If there is no provision, how can the government release money?\"Meanwhile, opposition Congress has decided to boycott the function, alleging the function breaches the privileges of legislators. Opposition leader Siddaramaiah said legislators should distribute the facilities. \"There is no need for the CM to snatch the privilege of legislators. We will raise this issue in the coming assembly session...\" he said, criticizing the government of being insensitive to people's problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12118153", "title": "Netas smile from wall, MCD can\u2019t pull them down", "text": "NEW DELHI: With municipal elections round the corner, posters of smiling netas have mushroomed across the city as councillors eyeing a nomination are trying to outdo each other to grab attention.MCD officials say the lawmakers (corporators) themselves are the most common defaulters. \"The list of sites in Delhi earmarked for outdoor advertising is available on the MCD website. If there is any illegal hoarding, MCD has to remove it,\" said YS Mann, director, press and information, MCD.However, the BJP-led MCD claims they are coming down heavily on illegal hoardings. But the task becomes difficult as most of such hoardings carry pictures of MCD brass including Delhi mayor, deputy mayor, standing committee chairman and leader of the House. \"Councillors are using my picture without my consent. Aspiring councillors are using pictures of top political leaders to grab attention and build a rapport with the public. I have asked police to lodge FIRs against those who put up illegal hoardings with my pictures on it,\" said Rajni Abbi, Delhi mayor.\"All zonal deputy commissioners have been directed to remove political hoardings. It's the zones that are held responsible if illegal posters are still on display. If an illegal poster comes up again, then an FIR will be lodged against the defaulter,\" said Mann.However, according to the Delhi Prevention of Defacement of Property Act 2007 whoever defaces any public property by writing or marking with ink, chalk, paint or any other material except for the purpose of indicating the name and address of the owner or occupier, shall face imprisonment for a term (which may extend to one year) or be fined (which may extend to Rs 50,000), or both.Despite MCD commissioner's strict instructions, such posters can be seen everywhere from street light poles to colony gates. MCD officials say that apart from limited labour and machinery, political pressure is the biggest hurdle in curbing such defacement of the city. \"It becomes difficult to get an FIR registered. When our inspectors go to remove the hoardings, they face resistance from party workers,\" said an MCD official.To bring down such hoardings, each zone has just one vehicle and two inspectors at their disposal. But despite razing over 2,000 hoardings in the past two months, the ubiquitous political hoardings have not disappeared from public space. \"There is only one vehicle and two inspectors to pull down illegal hoardings. Our efforts go waste as more hoardings come up every day. Last month, we removed 160 hoardings in Sarita Vihar, but so many new hoardings have come up there,\" said a MCD official.With the Model Code of Conduct to come into force from Monday, no councillor will be allowed to display any hoarding or flag.\"At present, it is MCD's responsibility to prevent defacement of the city. Our work will start once the model code of conduct is implemented from March 5. If councillors erect hoardings while the model code of conduct is in force, they will face severe punishment,\" said Rakesh Mehta, state election commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12118435", "title": "Supreme Court admits petition on Sonia Gandhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday admitted a petition questioning whether a person of foreign origin could hold public office.The court was hearing an an appeal filed by the Rashtriya Mukti Morcha (RMM), a socio-political organization, challenging a Delhi high court order dismissing a petition that had questioned Congress chief Sonia Gandhi being invited to form the government at the Centre in 1999 by the then President.In 2007, the apex court had issued notice to the Centre and the Election Commission on the issue. The Centre did not file any affidavit and asked the Supreme Court to post the matter for final hearing. The Election Commission had said that its stand would be the same as that of the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12121248", "title": "JDA sends revised plan to Centre for BRTS scheme", "text": "JAIPUR: Putting to rest the possibilities of constructing the elevated road from Pani- Pech to Collectorate Circle under Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) project, phase II, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) has sent a revised proposal of Rs 590 crore to the Centre for the approval.After the elevated road proposed by the state government from Collectorate Circle to Government hostel was shelved after facing strong criticism that it might cause damage to the heritage building along the route, the decision was even taken to drop the plan of constructing elevated under BRTS to send the revised plan without including elevated road was taken by the JDA. Ashosk Chaudhary, executive engineer of the BRTS project said, ''In the revised proposal we have mentioned to construct the priority lane.''Explaining the concept of priority lane in BRTS, an official said it would be on similar lines as it was done in Delhi during the Common Wealth Games. Three-and-a-half metre lanes on either side would be left for buses to ply. Commuters will not be allowed to enter the priority lane and similarly bus drivers have to follow the rule. ''If a bus driver jumps priority lane, he will be fined. The concept is practiced in western countries where strict traffic rules are followed. In India , we make dedicated corridors by installing railing on either side to avoid major accidents .'' Priority lane concept will be practised for the first time in the city after approval. The elevated road proposed under BRTS is estimated to be around Rs 70 crore and it is around 2.8 km long from Panipech to Khasa Kothi as per the detailed project report (DPR). Officials source said the JDA was sceptical as the elevated road proposed by the state government was shelved, the project might be stalled if same objections are raised again.This is the second time the JDA has revised proposal for the BRTS project, Earlier, in June 2010 the authorities had sent the revised proposal of Rs 660 crore to the Centre for its approval. The original estimated cost for the project was around Rs 480 crore, however, expenses of Rs 180 crore were incurred due to additional construction of elevated roads and bridges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "baripada", "code": "12120576", "title": "Tribals call off hunting spree", "text": "BARIPADA: About 100 tribal poachers, who had planned to enter the Bhanjabasa area in the Upper-Barha-Kamuda(UBK) Range in the core area of Simlipal Tiger Reserve (STR) on Thursday, have finally cancelled their mass hunting excursion.Forest staff, however, allowed them to kill a giant squirrel and a yellow monitor lizard in the adjoining Nato reserved forest so that they could make animal sacrifices before their supreme deity, Marang Buru.The range officers and other forest staff of Baripada and Karanjia territorial divisions have taken adequate measures to prevent the poachers from sneaking into the animal-rich areas of STR.All entry points of the STR have beel sealed, they adeed.The deputy director of Similipal Tiger Reserve, Bikas Ranjan Dash , said the tribals were adamant about going on the mass hunting expedition, but forest staff managed to convince them after much persuation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12116889", "title": "SIC must lend a helping hand to RTI activists: CM", "text": "PATNA: The State Information Commission (SIC) is expected to be entrusted with the task of taking care of the harassed RTI activists and information seekers even though no such provision is made in the RTI Act. This suggestion was made by chief minister Nitish Kumar on Friday while inaugurating a two-day international conference here being attended by the RTI functionaries across the country and abroad, apart from the representatives of the World Bank.Nitish said that there could be a provision that the SIC accept complaints from the harassed information seekers who are traumatized by the officials and even implicated in false cases and register the cases and seek reports from the authorities concerned. The state has already established a helpline for the harassed activists where the cases are registered and looked after by the DGP and home secretary.Also, such activists have freedom to approach the State Human Rights Commission. The CM emphasized that his government has no hesitation in disseminating information and for the transparency in the governance all the important decisions, legislation and declaration of properties by the CM, ministers and bureaucrats are made available in public domain. He said that the corporate sector should also be brought under the RTI because this sector is guided by company laws and public money is invested there.Similarly, the publicprivate partnership projects should also be put in public domain, he added. \"The RTI Act is a forceful means to strengthen democracy and giving more power to the public. The confidentiality in the government offices has been replaced by transparency. Now the Centre should bring Right to Service Act for more probity,\" the CM said.Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said that the RTI has made common people stronger who have right to know about the utilization of the public money. He, however, said that sometimes it is misused. Referring to some recent reports, he said that some information seekers had sought information regarding the illness and income tax returns of some prominent politicians, including UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi, which, he said, were very personal matters. Central chief information commissioner (CIC) Satyananda Mishra said that the Act has made difference to the life of millions of people.India has a colonial past and inherited a colonial government, but the Act has made the governance transparent. National Minorities Commission chairman Wajahat Habibullah, who was the first Central chief information commissioner, said that the Act has helped curb corruption and making democracy more accountable. Praising the progress made in Bihar regarding the RTI, he said that this model should be replicated by other states as well as other countries.Retired chief justice of Delhi High Court A P Shah suggested that the provision of seeking only one information in one application should be dropped and the SIC be also given power to implement the punishment it imposes on the erring public information officers. Bihar Lokayukta C M Prasad said that judges should also be brought in the ambit of RTI Act.CIC A K Choudhary welcomed the guests and information commissioner Farzand Ahmed proposed vote of thanks. Information commissioners of Canada Suzanne Legault, Julie Kinross of Queensland in Australia, Kevin Dunion of Scotland, Jacqueline Peschard of Mexico, Mohamed Latheef of Maldives, Shaheen Anam and Shamsul Bari of Bangladesh, Vinay Kumar Kasajoo of Nepal, Sangey Khandu of Bhutan, besides the CIC of different states are participating in the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12118156", "title": "Foresters fail to nab leopard that attacked farmers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The killing of two persons by leopards in and around Vijaynagar forest in north Gujarat was discussed in the state assembly in Gandhinagar on Friday. Both the deceased were farmers from Itwada village.Ashwin Kotwala, an MLA from Khedbrahma, drew the attention of the state government to the frequent attacks by leopards. Kotwala said that the incident of leopard attacks were on the rise and with the deaths of two persons in Itwada and nearby areas in Vijaynagar, people from the villages were not able to go out in the night in their fields. \"The farmers have to go out in the night to water the fields, but because of leopard menace, the farmers are forced to stay indoors,\" Kotwala said.Kotwala ascribed scarcity of natural preys as the reason for the big cats venturing into human habitats.Forest minister Mangu Patel said that 38-year-old Vikram Limbat was the first victim who was attacked by the leopard while on his way back from the fields on the night of February 4.Surji Ninama was the second victim who died after being attacked by a leopard while returning home in Itwada. The forest officials probing the death found that Surji was attacked by a leopard and its cub and put cages in the area to trap the beasts. However, they have not met with any success in their attempt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12117895", "title": "New firm appointed to clear airport of animals", "text": "NAGPUR: Mihan India Limited (MIL) is making a fresh effort to rid the Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar International airport in city of stray animal menace. The authorities have appointed Raju Mahajan Agency, said to be expert animal trapping firm, for the purpose. The agency was appointed through a tender MIL had floated recently.Eight firms, all experts in clearing airports of stray animals, had responded to the tender. Raju Mahajan Agency, a local firm with earlier experience of trapping animals at city airport, was awarded the contract at 1.95 lakh per month. The contractor will start work from March 15 and will be responsible for keeping stray and wild animals away from the operational area, especially runways. It will also trap and relocate the animals in nearby forest areas, Shubhagan, MIL's Manager (operations) informed.Shubhagan said the contractor will appoint a team of 18 trappers for the job. Six will be deployed on the 3200-metre main runway in 8-hour shifts. They will be ready with nets and fire crackers in case an animal is spotted close to runway during landings and take-offs. When flights aren't operating, they will concentrate on trapping animals.MIL has also repaired and started use of 12 zon guns that generate a loud noise at regular intervals scaring animals and birds away. Eight guns were installed by airport authorities and four by Air Force but had not been in use. Further, shrubs and bushes are also being removed regularly from operational areas, he said.Sources at airport said it was surprising that animal menace was continuing despite repeated efforts of airport authorities. Over 10 to 12 pigs, a pack of stray dogs and some peacocks and monkeys have been spotted roaming near the operational area in the last few months, they claimed.The Airports Authority of India (AAI) had already trapped 183 pigs, 215 stray dogs, 118 monkeys and eight other wild animals including five four-horned antelopes and three barking deer in 2008-09. MIL, the current airport operator, has also trapped five deer and other stray animals since.TOI has many times raised the issue of animals endangering flight safety. Sometimes stray dogs could be seen on tarmac by disembarking passengers while monkeys and pigs cross runway. These animals can cause major mishap if an aircraft hits them while landing or take off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12118019", "title": "Homoeopathy student killed in mishap", "text": "NAGPUR: A first year student of Antarbharti Homoeopathic medical college, Dabha, succumbed to injuries she sustained in a fall from her two-wheeler near Mate Chowk, on Friday.Wallari Sayare, who was rushed to a hospital in Dhantoli, suffered a fatal head injury while driving without helmet. Wallari, eldest of two sisters, was heading towards her residence at Marar Toli near Pandhrabodi on February 26 evening when the incident took place.The girl was unable to control her vehicle after abruptly applying brakes and crashed on to the divider. Rana Pratap Nagar police registered a case of accidental death.In another incident, a 29-year-old motorists succumbed to his injuries after he rammed his car into an electric pole on Manewada Road. Amit Pardhikar drove into the pole on Thursday evening after he failed to control his car and sustained grave injuries.Ajni police registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "jaipur/bikaner", "code": "12119061", "title": "Violent clash claims 3 lives in Bikaner", "text": "JAIPUR/BIKANER: Three men were brutally murdered, one of them shot to death, one beheaded while another brunt alive, in a violent clash between two groups from a community over a dispute in a village in Bikaner's Bajju police station area on Friday night. A mob of about 100 people brutally murdered the men.Their houses were also set on fire. The police said they were trying to restore law and order and douse the fire till late night. Unconfirmed reports said that at least one of the deceased was a murder accused and had been out on bail recently.According to the police, the incident took place in Begron Ki Dhani village under Bajju police station area. \"There was an old animosity between two groups of Rajput community in the village following a murder,\" said add SP, rural Srikrishna Singh. He added that a council meeting was held under the leadership of Sardul Singh in the village on Friday evening to discuss the issues related to rivalry.\"After the meeting, a mob of about 100 men attacked three men, identified as Jeevan Singh who is the murder accused, Karan Singh and Soga Singh,\" said a police officer.While one of them was beheaded with a sword, the other was shot to death. \"One of them tried to hide in a house. The villagers put the house on fire,' said the officer.The bodies of the three deceased were sent to Bikaner for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12118405", "title": "Significant decrease in road fatalities in state", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana seems to be leading the way in the country when it comes to reducing road fatalities. After a continuous rise in the number of road deaths for years, it has not only managed to arrest the fatalities but more significantly has reversed the trend. The total number of deaths has touched an all-time low in the last five years at 4,178 in 2011.The state government has submitted this improvement to the road transport and highways ministry. As per road accident reports prepared by the Centre, Haryana had registered 4,415 deaths in 2007. The fatalities grew to 4,494 in 2008 and touched an all-time high at 4,719 in 2010.Sources in the highways ministry said that the state has claimed to have identified black spots throughout the state and have been fixing them one by one.\"Officials claim this has worked in Haryana. No doubt, the records are quite encouraging,\" said a senior official.Recently, Mahesh Kumar, engineer-in-chief of the state public works department (PWD), had told road safety experts that an apex committee has been set up in the states which has representatives from all departments concerned such as police, road owning agencies and transport department.\"Once an accident takes place, we analyze the causative factors and in this apex committee decisions are taken to fix the fault. This has worked well since top level officials attend the mandatory monthly meeting,\" Kumar had said.Another measure by the state that seems to have worked in its favour is crackdown on overloading of vehicles across Haryana. This was one of the few states where the chief minister had ordered \"no tolerance\" for overloading in any part and the transport department had enforced the order strictly.\"We did not leave anyone including the big transporters, who own huge fleet of trucks. We also booked the violators for damaging road infrastructure,\" said a transport department official.Haryana government has recently forwarded 20 major black spots on the National Highway stretches to the Centre. Government proposes to provide funds to rectify these spots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12119103", "title": "Bail plea of girl accused in sexual conspiracy rejected", "text": "JAIPUR: A court here on Friday rejected the bail application of the 21-year-old paraplegic girl, two days after she was arrested by Jaipur police on charges of being involved in the conspiracy of her friend's kidnap and rape. Both legs of the girl became dysfunctional besides sustaining several other permanent injuries after she attempted suicide by jumping in front of a moving train in January last year.She made the suicide bid after some cops allegedly stripped and molested her at the Pratap Nagar police station here. The policemen had summoned her for questioning in connection with the disappearance of her friend Vandana (name changed). Three policemen were arrested on the basis of a complaint lodged by the paraplegic girl's family members.When Vandana was traced from Mathura in May last year, she lodged an FIR against seven people including the paraplegic girl. Vandana accused her friend of forcing her to have sex with some youths and later kidnapping her. The injured girl's father Shivdan Singh had moved the bail application in the special court for atrocities against women cases on the grounds that his daughter is bed-ridden as both her legs are dysfunctional.He also said she is unable to move around without help of others.\"The medical report submitted to the court stated that she has a permanent disability of more than 80%. The court rejected the application,\" said Shivdhan Singh, who is a police constable with the Rajasthan Armed Constabulary (RAC). After her arrest, the police had produced the girl in a court which remanded her in judicial custody. She is undergoing treatment at SMS Hospital. After Vandana lodged an FIR against the girl and six other youths, the Rajasthan High Court instructed Jaipur police to arrest all the accused persons involved in the crime.\"In this case, we had already arrested some accused identified as Saurabh, Shantunu, Manmohan Saini, Yugveer, Yudhveer and Bunti Tomar for allegedly abducting and raping the girl who went missing and later found in Mathura by a Jaipur police team in May, 2011. After collecting various evidences and tallying the hotel records from Jaipur and other places, it was found that Seema was behind the conspiracy to abduct and later supply the girl to other persons,\" deputy commissioner of police (East) Mahendra Singh told TOI.\"In her statements, Vandana had implicated the injured girl of abducting her and also of conspiracy to sexually exploit her. She has also accused Seema and others, including Manmohan Saini, of making an obscene MMS due to which she kept quiet,\" Singh added.However, paraplegic girl's family members and some non-government organizations are crying foul over the arrest. Her father Singh alleged that the police want to mellow down the case of molestation against the three policemen of Pratap Nagar police station. \"My daughter was arrested to benefit the molester cops and this is inhuman as she is still traumatized and physically disabled,\" Singh said.UNENDING WOES21-year-old paraplegic girl was arrested by Jaipur police on charges of being involved in the conspiracy of her friend's kidnap and rape She attempted suicide after some cops allegedly stripped and molested her at the Pratap Nagar police station here The policemen had summoned her for questioning in connection with the disappearance of her friend", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12117386", "title": "At 8.8\u00b0C, city sees decade\u2019s coldest night for March", "text": "PUNE: The city recorded the decade's lowest minimum temperature for the month of March at 8.8 degrees celsius on Friday. This was 4.8 notches below normal and was also the lowest recorded in the state.The minimum temperature on Friday was barely 1.6 degrees celsius more than the city's all-time lowest minimum for March that was recorded more than a century ago at 7.2 degrees celsius on March 2, 1908.It has been only once since 2002 that the city's lowest minimum temperature for March has gone below 10 degrees celsius. This was on March 17, 2003 when the temperature was 9.9 degrees celsius. Barring 2003, the city's lowest minimum for March has hovered between 10.9 and 14.2 degrees celsius for the decade from 2002 to 2011.In fact, the night temperature in the city on Friday was at par with Chandigarh but less than several north Indian cities including Jammu, which recorded 10.4 degrees Celsius, Ludhiana at 9 degrees celsius and New Delhi at 12.2 degrees celsius.India Meteorological Department's director (weather central) Sunitha Devi told TOI, \"The drop in temperatures is mainly due to the cold north westerly winds blowing over our region. \"A cold wave condition prevails in some parts of the central Maharashtra belt, which stretches from Nashik/Jalgaon in the north and Kolhapur down south.Devi said, \"A western disturbance which prevails over northeast Afghanistan and adjoining Pakistan is moving east-northeastwards towards Jammu and Kashmir (J&K;). Usually, temperatures go up in the regions where the western disturbance in on the approach while it goes down where the north westerly winds are stronger.\" This explains why some of the cities in north India have recorded warmer nights than Pune. \"We expect the ongoing temperature pattern in the city to prevail for one more day before a gradual rise in the day as well as night temperatures. However, the city can expect colder nights ahead once the western disturbance that is approaching J&K; moves away from the India region,\" Devi said.In central Maharashtra, Nashik recorded 9.1 degrees Celsius, Satara 9.4 degrees celsius and Malegaon 12 degrees celsius. In the Konkan and Goa belt, Mumbai's Santacruz observatory recorded a minimum of 15.5 degrees celsius, which was 4.8 notches down from normal. Similarly, Ratnagiri recorded 14.4 degrees celsius, which was 6.8 notches below normal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117808", "title": "Bullets, BMWs among seizures in Kripashankar case", "text": "MUMBAI: Investigators probing the disproportionate assets case against senior Congress leader Kripashankar Singh and his family on Friday swooped down on Sai Prasad building, Bandra (East), where the Singhs live and Kripashankar allegedly owns two benami flats. The police team also raided the 5,000-sq-ft plush Tarang bungalow off Carter Road, owned by Kripashankar's son Narendra; Kingston-B, Powai, where Kripashankar got a flat under the chief minister's quota and family members got a second flat; Jupiter, Vile Parle (East), where Narendra owns a duplex with a terrace; and Oceanic, Bandra (West), where Narendra has a flat. Two BMWs were seized from Tarang.The raiding party also uncovered about 400 bullets and two licensed revolvers at Oceanic and Tarang, and the police will now probe how, where and why so many bullets were procured. Sources said the SIT will also verify, through security guards and others at Sai Prasad, if there is truth to reports that documents had been destroyed on Wednesday.The Bombay high court on February 22 ordered Mumbai police chief Arup Patnaik to file an FIR against Kripashankar under the Prevention of Corruption Act for \"criminal misconduct\" and his family members for abetment. The HC was hearing a PIL that alleges Singh and his family own assets disproportionate to their income. The court also asked for the Singhs' immovable properties to be attached. Accordingly, the FIR was lodged on Tuesday at Nirmal Nagar police station, Bandra (East). It names Kripashankar, his wife Malti Devi, son Narendra, daughter-in-law Ankita, daughter Sunita and son-in-law Vijay and levels charges of criminal breach of trust by a public servant, criminal conspiracy, forgery, cheating and destruction of evidence.The posse of policemen stuck attachment notices under the Prevention of Corruption Act at the raided places. \"We carried out the raids to find out if there are any incriminating documents and to begin investigations. We need to start assessing the properties' documents. The raids will continue for a few days as there are a few more properties,\" said an officer. Patnaik has to submit a status report to the court by April 19. Sources said that, with regard to the alleged benami flats in Sai Prasad, the SIT would call the owners and record their statements. As soon as the media assembled outside Sai Prasad, a crowd gathered and the police had to control traffic flow. A few of Kripashankar's loyalists arrived to give moral support to his family.The PIL filed in 2010 by activist Sanjay Tiwari alleges that Kripashankar and his family have amassed properties worth Rs 320 crore. It also alleges that transactions worth crores have been made in accounts kept by Malti and Narendra and that Kripashankar received large sums from former Jharkhand chief minister Madhu Koda, who was arrested in a money laundering case.Sources said that the SIT will also be taking the help of police in other states to search the Singhs' properties at Jaunpur and Lucknow in UP and Ranchi, Bihar. The SIT will take the help of a chartered accountant, to be provided by the Maharashtra government, and the Anti-Corruption Bureau, which probed the Singhs' assets.Enforcement Directorate and Income-Tax officials are probing Singhs' assets. Singh makes Rs 45,000 a month as an MLA. He came from UP to Mumbai in the 1970s and hawked vegetables and did manual work. He rose in the Congress and became an MLC in 1994 and later an MLA. He has served as a minister of state and the Congress's observer in Jharkhand. His son once made Rs 1 lakh a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12116939", "title": "Centre-state site tussle to deprive Bihar of central university", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bihar is unlikely to get a central university anytime soon, with the HRD ministry and the state government locked in a tussle over its location. The Centre is likely to stick to its guns on setting up a central university in Gaya, while the state government appears equally adamant on Motihari as a site, with the state legislative assembly even passing a resolution to that effect earlier this week.The university, one of the 12 such announced in early 2009, currently operates out of a temporary campus in Patna and is struggling for space. The ministry has been adamant on not shifting the university to Motihari citing lack of social and physical infrastructure that could adversely impact the number of students and faculty visiting it.The Centre's reluctance for Motihari comes from experience in other cases where once established varsities ran into trouble in attracting faculty and students. Sources said that the central university of Odisha located in Koraput had a sanctioned strength of 48 faculty members but had managed to get only 10, while Tamil Nadu central university in Thiruvarur had a sanctioned strength of 24 faculty members but had filled only six.With distant places running in to teething troubles, HRD minister Kapil Sibal wrote to Bihar CM Nitish Kumar on February 15 informing him that land belonging to the defence ministry in Gaya was available and its proximity to the urban agglomeration and the Gaya international airport would help attract quality faculty and students. He had proposed assistance for setting up a state university in Motihari.Kumar, however, responded with a letter accusing the Centre of discriminating against Bihar, not involving the state government in the site selection and not being sensitive to the state government's needs. The CM also said that Motihari did have adequate infrastructure like national highway.But this week's turn of events has raised deep concern with the Centre. Bihar assembly passed a resolution asking the Centre to set up a central university in Motihari on Wednesday. Sources said that a notice was served by BIT Patna to central university of Bihar to vacate premises last September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12120251", "title": "Paan Singh Tomar: An edge-of-the-seat entertainer", "text": "Some films are meant to run that extra mile to go beyond being a mere cinematic experience. As we see names of real-life athletes who died unsung flash across the screen at the end of Paan Singh Tomar, we realize what we've just witnessed in the past 190 minutes of taut playing-time is not just film.It's a treatise on what destiny has in store for people who do not conform to socially-acceptable definitions of success. Indeed Irrfan Khan as Paan Singh Tomar typifies that criminal neglect of all athletes in our country barring cricketers who, as we all know by now, are grossly overrated sportsperson.Tomar was a steeplechase runner. Not that it made any difference to his destiny. In the army for the long innings Tomar, we are told, took voluntary retirement to look after his family and land in his native village. This is where Dhulia's riveting screenplay, where not a moment is squandered in self-indulgent editing,gets truly astounding. Abandoning the manageable hurdles of the steeplechase Tomar took to the gun to avenge the wrong done to his family.There are hurdles, and hurdles. And some impossible to overcome.The two lives of Paan Singh Tomar, in the army as a celebrated sportsperson and as an outlaw on the run in the Chambal valley (not on a horse, please!) are brought together in a stirring unexpectedly involving blend of the brilliant and the haunting.While Dhulia's earlier works suffered for the lack of a suitable budget Paan Singh Tomar is technically a polished piece of cinema with the editing (Aarti Bajaj) and background score ( Sandeep Chowta) adding a dimension beyond the drama of the driven athlete.The film is shot by cinematographer Aseem Mishra with an intriguing blend of a bleeding authenticity and a poetic resplendence. Indeed, Tigmanshu Dhulia's training as a racounteur of a tale of social injustice and damnifying outlawry, harks back to the director's association with Shekhar Kapoor's Bandit Queen .In portraying Paan Singh's leap from celebrated athlete to wanted bandit, Dhulia avoids the ostentatious brutality of the circumstances that made Phoolan Devi a social outcast. Paan Singh Tomar has very little on-screen violence. It's the heart that bleeds profusely and invisibly in almost every frame.The unspoken question, why do we treat our athletes so shabbily, trails the narrative, as does the other larger question of social inequality and the subversion of law.Unlike other films with a strong social message Paan Singh Tomar never stops being a truly liberating cinematic experience. Of course much of the credit for the film's sledge hammer effect goes to Irrfan Khan's central performance. As Paan Singh Irrfan is in one word, flawless. There is not a single shot in the film that he gets wrong. He follows his character's destiny with an intuitive alertness that leaves no room for ambiguity in the interpretation of the character's complex life.And it's not just about getting the character's spoken language and body language right. Irrfan goes way beyond.Would the other grossly overrated Khans of our cinema kindly watch Irrfan's performance?The dialogues range from the riveting to the refreshing. Comments on subordination and oppression are often laced in laughter. God knows we need a sense of humour to survive the progressive rampancy of socio-political injustice.Dhulia carpets the engrossing film with episodes that bring us close to tears. In a scene like the one where his army guru (Vipin Sharma) gifts Paan Singh a carton of icecream Irrfan sheds real tears...We don't need the actor to tell us that. We know.The beauty of watching Irrfan transform into Tomar is the seamless leap the actor takes into the character. Irrfan is blessed with first-rate supporting actors, many of whom we haven't seen much on screen before. They add to the film's high level of authenticity by just not looking like and speaking their lines like actors.The scenes showing Irrfan running with other actors are beautifully captured as moments of metaphorical significance. Somewhere down the line the scenes showing Tomar jumping over hurdles on the race track merge into the larger picture to tell us, life on field and life outside the race track have one thing in common. You have to keep running, no matter what the odds.Having said what the poetry of Paan Singh Tomar so exquisitely tells us, we must not let the film's sheer entertainment value go by unnoticed. More than the sum-total of its infinite resonances on the quality of life lived in an intrinsically unjust social order, Paan Singh Tomar is a terrific edge-of-the-seat entertainer. The synthesis of two genres-the sports film and the dacoit drama-is done with such confident ingenuity that we hardly realize when one ends, the other begins.\"No one gave a damn about me when I won medals for the country. Today when I'm a baaghi (rebel) everyone wants to know about Paan Singh Tomar,\" Irrrfan says caustically. Hopefully after this film we'd learn to care for our unsung heroes a bit more.Oh yes, a word on the stunning soundtrack. From snatches of old Lata Mangeshkar melodies to radio announcements on Nargis Dutt's demise, time passages are achieved through incidental snatches of voices caught in mid-air.Life's life that. You never know what you will experience in that raga we call existence until a snatch of a line hits you from a distance.If only Paan Singh had been accorded the respect he deserved he wouldn't have ended dead in a canal. But then we would not get to watch this remarkable film either.Think about it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12117751", "title": "No mining without environmental clearance: HC", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking cognizance of the death toll in Sonbhadra district due to unsystematic mining, the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court directed the UP chief secretary to look into the matter and ensure that no mining operation continues in the state without environmental clearance.A bench of Justice DP Singh and Justice Satish Chandra passed the above directive, while dismissing a review petition which was filed against its judgement passed on April 29, 2011. In the said judgement, the high court had affirmed the central notification on September 14, 2006, which necessitated clearance from Union ministry of environment in allotment of mining lease in the entire state. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12121014", "title": "IGNOU launches scheme to popularise science through mobile phones", "text": "New Delhi: Indira Gandhi National Open University's (IGNOU) National Centre for Innovations in Distance Education (NCIDE) in collaboration with Vigyan Prasar has launched 'Science@Mobile'. The innovative scheme aims to educate people across the country about science through free mobile updates.\"Now, interesting science facts, latest science news, health tips, green tips, events and days of scientific importance will be at your fingertips with this service. The basic objective of this scheme is to exploit the potential of mobile phones for science popularisation in society so as to create interest among the people towards science,\" said IGNOU in a statement.There is no subscription fee for the SMSes and the target group includes educated as well as uneducated people including homemakers and children. The content has been divided into three categories. \"First category includes those with little education background who need basic science knowledge, the second category would consist of those who are educated but have no science background while the third category would include educated people having sound knowledge about science,\" the statement said. Subscribers will be given a choice to select the category and frequency of the messages as per their choice and interest.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12118173", "title": "BJP, Congress set up election panels", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stepping-up preparations for municipal polls, both Congress and BJP announced their election committees on Friday. The panels will draw up lists of candidates who will enter the fray.All India Congress Committee has set up one panel each for seven parliamentary constituencies. Each committee consists of the area MP, Congress MLAs, district presidents of the party and the AICC coordinator. Once drawn, the lists will be handed over to the apex committee comprising chief minister Sheila Dikshit, Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee president JP Aggarwal, AICC general secretary in-charge of Delhi Chaudhary Birender Singh and all seven AICC coordinators. The decision of shortlisting the final candidates lies with the apex committee.BJP's committee will have 16 members and three special invitees. After studying over 2,500 names, the committee will zero in on the final candidates. State BJP president VIjender Gupta said the panel will not only take a call on the candidates for MCD polls but also play a decisive role in Delhi Assembly elections.The BJP panel has representatives from various castes and communities. Leader of Opposition in Delhi Assembly Vijay Kumar Malhotra, former Union minister and senior BJP leader Vijay Goel, former state president Dr Harshvardhan and former mayor Arti Mehra are some of the panelists. Subhash Arya, leader of the House in MCD, is a special invitee. However, Janakpuri MLA and former Leader of Opposition Jagdish Mukhi is missing from the list.Meanwhile, Delhi Election Commission is making efforts to enhance the voter turnout this time. The panel has planned an awareness campaign - to take off from mid-March - to reach out to the public. On Monday, state election commissioner Rakesh Mehta is expected to work out the nuances of the campaign. \"We want voters to realize that municipal corporations have a cradle to crematorium relationship with citizens,\" Mehta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12119008", "title": "3 decades later, Mysore zoo to breed chimps again", "text": "MYSORE: The 120-year-old Mysore zoo is trying its luck to breed chimpanzees in captivity after three decades. Zoo authorities have covered an enclosure of a pairing chimp couple - Guru,20, and Ganga,16, -so that they get privacy and become intimate that helps in breeding. As chimps are not showing signs for mating may be due to disturbance by visitors or for the reason that they all were captive bred, officials decided to give them privacy and have planned to show seducing visuals as an effort on this score.According to B P Ravi, executive director of Mysore zoo, this apart, the zoo also has an idea of artificial insemination as a last attempt to breed chimpanzees. But, this is a risky job as the apes need to be tranquilized. A part of ape enclosure has been covered with bamboo mats to give the breeding pair privacy. The authorities want to try to breed chimps through natural process, which is being tried out for the past 10 days.The zoo has a very good ape enclosure, and there were also some apes that had helped successful breeding of chimpanzees earlier.After the zoo lost the pair - Anjali and Max - breeding of the small intelligent African ape have come to a complete halt.Though the zoo has five chimpanzees - three males (Guru, Mason and Wali) and two females (Mirilla and Ganga) no breeding in captivity has taken place since mid-1980s.The last time the zoo successfully bred chimp was way back in 1983.Anjali then gave birth to a male chimp, Kapil. It was named Kapil as it was born after India won the Cricket World Cup under the captaincy of Kapil Dev. But it was given away to Baroda Zoo under an animal exchange programme. Two years later, the couple again had a male chimp which was named Sugreeva.But it died young. Efforts to save Sugreeva through hand-feeding also failed, recalled a zoo worker.Zoo vet Suresh Kumar told TOI that they had planned breeding of chimps in captivity a few years back, but it didn't work out. \"After the issue came up at a health committee meeting recently, we have decided to try our luck on a large-scale and have initiated the process.\"Guru will be paired either with Ganga or Mirilla.Zoo Authority of Karnataka Chairman M Nanjundaswamy said all the five chimps in the zoo were captive bred and they don't have any knowledge about mating. He claimed that no zoo in India has bred chimp in the recent past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12118499", "title": "Power outage puts CM in the dark", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Just two days after police beefed up chief minister Oommen Chandy's security and imposed restrictions on visitors to his North Block office in the Secretariat, Chandy had to spend more than half-an-hour in a dark room amidst around 50 people. The cops guarding the CM had a harrowing time as he chose to sit in the dark till power was back.The chief minister who had reached the studio in the Russian Science and Cultural Centre (RSCC) campus on Friday for the recording of Sutharya Keralam -- his public grievance redressal programme broadcast through Doordarshan -- was struck in the studio following an unexpected power outage. And as if in agreement with Murphy's Law, the stand-by generator in the studio also failed to function.When the power supply to RSCC was disrupted at 10 am, the generators were running smoothly. But as soon as the CM stepped in, they stopped functioning, plunging the whole building into darkness. Doors and windows had to be opened to ventilate and illuminate the studio.The CM, however, remained cool, and asked the producer to go ahead with the programme.\"He interacted with the people who came to the studio with complaints as if he hadn't been affected by the power outage. He answered their queries and even initiated action on some complaints,\" said a source who had witnessed the incident.A major part of the telecast is an interactive segment involving the chief minister and people from other districts. On Friday the CM was to answer queries, via video up-linking, from Wayanad, Pathanamthitta, Idukki and Kannur. This had to be put on hold because of the outage.When contacted, C-Dit director Dr Babu Gopalakrishnan said there was an unexpected power outage at the studio and that it had delayed the recording slightly. \"The generator fuse went bust. But we fixed it eventually and recorded the programme,\" he said.Incidentally, this was the second time that Chandy had to undergo a similar experience here.In February, 2006 during the shooting of a similar programme that he had attended, the KSEB disconnected power to the building. They chose the extreme step to recover arrears of nearly Rs 3 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117499", "title": "Victims demand swift convictions", "text": "MUMBAI: The proposed rise in traffic fines has given hope to some of safer roads, but it has given little succour to those whose lives were distressingly disrupted in road accidents. According to such victims, the best deterrent to drunk-driving or speeding or dangerous driving is not increased penalties, which the rich can afford anyway, but swift conviction of offenders.Mumbai periodically is witness to bloody mishaps, where an inebriated youngster rams his or her car into unsuspecting pedestrians, setting off a long and torturous journey for the victim or the victim's family. Apart from the trauma of a tragic upheaval in their lives, they are faced every day with the pain of delay in getting justice.Borivli resident and public relations professional Anoop Shetty remembers vividly the day six years ago he met with an accident. It was Christmas Eve and he was busy preparing for his brother's wedding. \"I was ferrying groups of relatives in my car to flats we were accommodating them in. I had finished the last trip but had to step out in my car to get bottled water,\" Shetty said.Near St Lawrence School at Eksar, Shetty saw a car coming round the bend at breakneck speed. \"I had nowhere to go. On my left, in the middle of the road, was a tree. I was hoping the other motorist was just trying to scare me and that he would steer away.\" The motorist did not and their cars collided head-on.The impact of the crash yanked Shetty out of the driver's seat and sent him flying into the windshield. \"I held my elbow up, so it took most of the impact. But my head also hit the windshield. Locals rushed to my help and took me to a doctor. They also chased the fleeing motorist and caught him near IC Colony. The man was handed over to the police and a medical test was conducted. He was so drunk that he could not stand on his feet.\" Years after the incident, the trial in the case is yet to begin.Shetty said increasing traffic fines was a good move but what would work as a bigger deterrent is imprisonment. \"I know people who don't drink and drive because they fear being jailed and hassles such as suspension of driving licence. Also, I feel, the transport department needs to create more awareness about the perils of drunk-driving,\" he said.IT consultant Prasanna Iyer, whose bike was hit by a drunken motorist last year, said he hoped people would adhere to the law now. \"The new fines shouldn't give rise to more corruption. An offender won't have to pay an increased fine when he can give a bribe and settle the matter,\" Iyer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12116985", "title": "Three held with party drug at Trichy airport", "text": "TRICHY: Three people, including two women from Chennai, were arrested by the Customs Air Intelligence Unit at Trichy airport when the trio was trying to smuggle out 13 kg of ephedrine, a party drug, to Kuala Lumpur in an Air Asia flight. The arrested were identified as Mohammad Kuviyam, 37 from Pudukottai, Lakshmi 43, and Malavizhi, 48, from Chennai.Additional commissioner customs G P Chandolia said the seized drugs were worth Rs 1.25 crore in the Indian market but would fetch at least Rs 20 crore in the international market.However, customs officials refused to discuss the source of the drugs and why the couriers chose Trichy airport to fly out. A source said smugglers may have chosen to fly Air Asia since it lands in the Old Sempang Airport and not in the new international airport, where the focus would be more on suspected terrorists and not much on drug peddling.Initial investigations suggest that Mohammad, a carpenter, Lakshmi, whose husband is physically challenged, and Malarvizhi, were \"kuruvis\" or couriers. They were carrying three bags containing 3.45 kg, 5 kg and 5.01 kg of the drug and tried to board the KL flight in the morning. The bags were delivered to them outside the airport by strangers. The drugs were concealed in the cardboard false-bottom of the bags. Chandolia who interrogated the trio said that the \"poor guys did as they were instructed to since they were in need of money desperately, and may not have known what the bag contained\".However, the AIU was investigating the wider network and the source of the contraband. Chandolia said the big market for ephedrine was in South Africa. Nigerian drug networks controlled the trade and sold a portion of it in Malaysian and Singapore markets, said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12118034", "title": "BJP demands initiation of probe against Mayawati", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Bharatiya Janata Party on Friday demanded immediate action against UP minister Naseemuddin Siddiqui and also initiation of a probe against Mayawati.\"It is clear that Mayawati is fully involved in all the activities she had sanctioned and the fear of getting exposed has made her reluctant to sack Naseemuddin,\" president of the UP BJP Surya Pratap Shahi said on Friday. Therefore the BSP supremo's role also deserves to be investigated, he said.Speaking to reporters, Shahi hit out at the criminal elements who hold sway in the Samajwadi Party. \"SP leaders have not been able to curb their criminal streaks even during election time. Official flat of the former home guard minister with the Samajwadi Party Bramha Shankar Tripathi, who is contesting on party ticket from Kasya constituency is being used by goons for torturing a city businessman,\" Shahi said.The man was beaten up brutally in flat number 703 by the MLAs men in broad daylight. The incident exposed the true face of Samajawdi Party despite all the talk about an image makeover, Shahi said. The leader predicted massive public support to BJP in the assembly election.\"Reports from all the six phases indicate that the party is inching towards garnering a clear majority on its own. In the coming seventh phase, BJP would bag at least 25 seats,\" the BJP leader said. Asked which party the BJP would turn to for support if it fell short of requisite numbers and also if RLD be approached, Shahi said, \"RLD is always open to negotiation. RLD had a history of toeing power, so if the BJP calls for its support it would be prompt in responding.\"Highlighting the mining tragedy in Sonbhadra, Shahi said that criminal cases under section 302 IPC must be registered against those responsible for the incident. He blamed the government for making attempts to hide the crucial facts and said that he was not allowed to visit Sonbhadra on March 1. However, he plans to go and offer condolence to the victims family on March 4 and would be in Sonbhadra despite all odds against him, Shahi said.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12123721", "title": "US developing new technology to reduce energy prices: Obama", "text": "WASHINGTON: President Barack Obama today said the US is developing new technology to bring down energy prices and has reduced dependence on imported oil since his assuming office in 2008.He said in a sign of the success of his economic policies, the auto industry in the last two and half years has added more than two lakh jobs.\"The entire industry has added more than 2,00,000 new jobs over the past two and a half years. And they're not just building cars again - they're building better cars,\" Obama said in his weekly address to the nation. Obama said six years ago, 60% of the oil US used was imported. \"Since I took office, America's dependence on foreign oil has decreased every single year.\"In fact, in 2010, for the first time in 13 years, less than half the petroleum we consumed was imported. Part of that is because we're producing more oil here at home than at any time in the last eight years,\" he said. However, referring to the rising gas prices, Obama said there is no silver bullet (magical solution) to it.\"There's no silver bullet for avoiding spikes in gas prices every year. There's no shortcut to taking control of our energy future.\"We have to pursue an all-of-the-above strategy that helps develop every source of American energy. And we have to do it now,\" he said.The President said thanks to new fuel efficiency standards put in place, the automobile companies are working towards producing cars that will average nearly 55 miles per gallon by the middle of the next decade. He said this is almost double of what the American motorists get today.Obama said, Americans understand that with only two percent of the world's oil reserves, US cannot simply drill its way to lower gas prices.\"We've got to develop new technology that will help us use new forms of energy. That's been a priority of mine as President. And because of the investments we've made, our use of clean, renewable energy has nearly doubled - and thousands of Americans have jobs because of it,\" he said.\"Now we need to keep at it. And to do that, we need to make the right choices,\" he added.He said as much as $ 4 billion goes for subsidising the oil industry in the country. \"These are the same companies making record profits - tens of billions of dollars a year. I don't think oil companies need more corporate welfare. Congress should end this taxpayer giveaway,\" Obama said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12118142", "title": "Gang involved in thefts at temples busted in Patan", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Patan district police busted a major gang involved in thefts at temples and bungalows in central Gujarat and arrested 16 youths. The gang members have confessed to have stolen goods from 40 temples in Patan, Mehsana and Banaskantha districts so far. Patan police said they received a tip-off about stolen goods being sold in open market and conducted recce of the people involved when they got to know that the goods were stolen from nearby temples. On the basis of the information, MS Bharada, superintendent of police, Patan, formed various teams and cracked down on them.The two main accused in the case have been identified as Bharatji Rathod, 20, a resident of Gogapur, Banaskantha, and Vihaji Thakor, 22, a resident of Sesavala, Banaskantha. The other 14 accused are mainly from Patan and Banaskantha districts.\"The gang has no definite modus operandi. They used to target a temple after which they would sleep in nearby farms and strike at night. They would break locks or break the bars to reach to the cashbox and jewellery, if any. They would even chant a prayer before the theft and then leave the premises. They would lie low for at least 12 hours before shifting places,\" said Bharada.He added that the gang has targeted 19 temples and premises in Patan district in the last six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12118208", "title": "Indrapuri ward corporator beaten up", "text": "Public ire left a city corporator scurrying for cover on Friday morning near CTM. He was manhandled for not providing proper road in the area as promised and rather just repairing damaged patches time and again. The corporator has, however, alleged rival party workers' hand in the act and filed a police plaint.As per eye-witnesses, the incident took place at 11.30 am when local residents halted a roller and concrete mixer near 132-feet Ring Road leading towards Ahmedabad-Vadodara expressway. When Sevantilal Patel, corporator of Indrapuri ward, also known as Bage Firdaus ward, came to know about the incident, he went to the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "12117567", "title": "Gondal couple found with girl abducted two years ago", "text": "BHARUCH: A five-year-old girl, who was missing since May 5, 2010 from Ankleshwar, has been found from a childless couple, who were arrested in Rajkot in connection with a criminal case. Gondal police had arrested the couple on the charge of having committed robbery and murder of a 53-year-old woman at Moti Khilori village in the taluka. They disclosed about having kidnapped Priyanka, daughter of Khodabhai and Rekhaben Rawal, from Borbatha village of Ankleshwar taluka, about two years ago, during their interrogation.R L Pandya, police sub inspector, Gondal, said, \"Mahesh Vasava, 40, and Madhu Vasava, 36, had abducted Priyanka one year and nine months ago. They were raising her very well as if she was their own child. The couple earlier stayed at Borbatha village and were Khodabhai and Rekhaben's neighbour. We have handed over Priyanka to Ankleshwar police. The accused had abducted Priyanka not for ransom, but for the fact they did not have any child.\"Khodabhai Rawal said, \"We had lost all hopes of finding our child. When Ankleshwar police informed us about having found Priyanka, our joy knew no bounds. Now our child is seven years old.\"Mahesh and Madu Vasava have been booked for abducting the child by Ankleshwar police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12120699", "title": "Special cell to monitor malpractices in Plus II", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has formed a special monitoring cell for the first time ever to regulate the movement of flying squads to check malpractices during the month-long Plus II examination, beginning from Friday.Over 2.79 lakh students are scheduled to appear for the Council of Higher Secondary Education (CHSE) examination across 1,065 centres in the state. There are 20 examination centres in the state capital.\"The cell will keep a close watch on the use of unfair means during the test and will depute inspection squads as per its intelligence inputs. The checking groups will file reports about their findings on a daily basis,\" said CHSE controller of examinations Jasobanta Behera.The monitoring body, to function from 8 am to 9 pm during the examination days, will have three officers from the council and three from the higher education department. Higher education secretary Aparajita Sarangi will supervise it, Behera said.The government has identified around 200 colleges as sensitive, where chances of students using unfair means are higher, the controller informed. Special surprise squads will visit these colleges more frequently. Some of the colleges, which fared extremely well last year despite poor infrastructure, faculty strength and students, will be on the radar of confidential teams, he added.Besides, a Central squad of over 100 members, zonal squads in the three zones of Baripada, Berhampur and Sambalpur and special teams from 143 nodal colleges will be involved in ensuring fair examinations, Behera elaborated.CHSE chairman Nihar Ranjan Patnaik said elaborate arrangements are in place for the smooth conduct of the annual exercise. Question papers have been dispatched to the centres and proper seating arrangements have been made in all the examination centres.The highest number of 20,290 students will appear for the annual examination from Khurda district. Boudh district is at the bottom with 1,368 prospective examinees. Of the 2.79 lakh students in the state, 2.27 lakh will appear for the examination as regular candidates in the core streams of arts, science and commerce. They comprise 1.16 lakh boys and 1.11 lakh girls. The highest number of 1.46 lakh students will appear for arts, which includes 63,000 boys and 83,000 girls. Over 59,000 will take the examination in science, including 38,000 boys and 21,000 girls. Of the 21,000 commerce candidates, there are 15,000 boys and over 5,800 girls. Over 8,300 students will appear take the examination in vocational streams too. While 43,000 students will appear in the ex-regular category, another 1,000 are from correspondence courses. Compared to last year, around 25,000 more students are to appear for the examination this year.Meanwhile, the Class XII examination conducted by Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) began on Thursday, while the CBSE Class X examination will begin on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12120538", "title": "Maoist cadre surrenders in Ganjam district", "text": "Berhampur: A day after the state government hiked payouts for surrendered Maoists, a rebel surrendered to Ganjam SP in Chhatrapur on Thursday. The 19-year-old Toffan Sahu, alias Akash, alias Bangara, claimed to be a close associate of the top associate of Sabyasachi Panda, the top leader of the left wing ultras.Toffan, who hailed from Gangapur village under Baragada police station in Ganjam district, said he decided to surrender to SP Rajesh Pandit after witnessing exploitation of Odia cadres in the state Maoist organization, which is being dominated by Chhattisgarh cadres. \"I am not interested in remaining in the organization anymore. Odia carders are being exploited by non-Odia rebels. I want to lead a discipline life henceforth,\" Toffan said. He told police several of his co-cadres were willing to snap ties with the organization because of the exploitation meted out by non-Odia cadres.\"According to him, there is a conflict between Odia and non-Odia cadres over leadership in the organization,\" the SP said. Toffan has provided the names of several militia members of Ghumusara Division of the CPI (Maoist), the SP added.Toffan, who joined the Maoist organization in 2009, was acting as a courier for the Maoists, supplying them rations and tiffins for the preparation of tiffin bombs. He was also closely associated with Sudarshan Mandal, one of the rebel leaders, who was arrested last year by Ganjam police. Sudarshan was known to be active in preparing landmines and operating rifles.He is the first ultra to surrender after the state government revised the surrender package for Maoists. Surrendering rebels are now to get a financial package of Rs 4.5 lakh from the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12118068", "title": "Civic body races against time to get 100cr under JNNURM", "text": "NAGPUR: The Central government's ambitious Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) phase-I projects will come to an end on March 31. Though union urban development minister Kamal Nath has already assured extension to the projects, there are indications that the mode of disbursing funds to urban local bodies may be revised.Hence, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is taking all efforts to ensure more funds for itself. It is eyeing something around 100 crore by submitting necessary certificates within the next few days.Under the scheme, the government had approved 1,284.84 crores for NMC and 296.39 for NIT. Total 18 projects were approved for NMC and one for NIT since 2006. NMC says eight of the 18 projects have been completed while NIT's lone project is incomplete. The situation is same at other urban local bodies.The government usually sanctions funds in four instalments. The instalments are released after 70% of previous instalment has been spent. Due to delay in projects, NMC spent 750 crore till date, of which Central government's share is 300 crore while state government's share is 120 crore and NMC's share is 330 crore. NMC is yet to get 340 crore under the scheme.Kamal Nath had already assured extension of the scheme so that projects are completed. But there are indications that the funds will not be released in the existing model. Urban local bodies may now have to raise loans and complete projects before claiming funds from the government. So, work may be expedited if funds become available immediately from loans. As this is the last month for the scheme and also current financial year, NMC is making efforts to get sanction of at least 100 crore.Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal and executive engineer (JNNURM) Prakash Urade are taking efforts to complete the formalities and claim the funds. An official said NMC has already sent utilization certificates for next instalment of five projects, including water audit, part-IV of Pench-IV, Kanhan water treatment plant, Mangalwari railway overbridge and Starbus.With this, NMC may get around 53 crore from the Central and State governments. \"NMC is expecting to complete paper work and claim another 47 crore,\" the official said.Though Kamal Nath had already assured extension of the scheme so that projects are completed. But there are indications that the funds will not be released in the existing model. Urban local bodies may now have to raise loans and complete projects before claiming funds from the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12118594", "title": "\u2018Soul Kitchen\u2019 to be screened in city today", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Grab some popcorn and head to the Goethe-Zentrum Amphitheatre this Saturday to watch 'Soul Kitchen' by acclaimed German director Faith Akin. The film was nominated for several awards and won the Special Jury Award at the Venice Film Festival in 2009.Soul Kitchen is a comedy about fast-food, family and gentrification. The restaurateur Zinos, played by Adam Bousdoukos who co-author the script, makes a life-changing decision to not join his journalist girlfriend who is off to Shanghai for an assignment.The vacuum left by his girlfriend is filled with various characters like Shyan a cranky but brilliant chef, a real-estate agent Thomas who is eyeing the property on which Soul Kitchen stands, a brother who is in prison hoping to find refuge and the usual staff who blend together to produce a film-festival winner.The screening begins at 6.45pm and entry is free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12118387", "title": "Delhi high court quashes criminal case against Yahoo", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Friday quashed criminal proceedings against Yahoo India, which was summoned along with 20 other websites to face trial for allegedly hosting objectionable content on its webpages.Setting aside the summons, Justice Suresh Kait allowed the company's plea that the lower court wrongly issued the process against it without attributing any specific role to it. The high court, however, said that a private complaint, filed by a scribe Vinay Rai against the website, could be revived if credible and actionable pieces of evidence were filed against the website.In its plea, Yahoo India argued there were no documents to support Rai's allegation against the website for violation of any provision of law. It maintained the magistrate was very casual in issuing the summons and should have considered the material on record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12118215", "title": "8.69 lakh looted at gun point", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was a normal day for employees of Piplaj branch of ADC Bank on Friday. Outside the traffic was low and they were chatting among themselves, when three men entered the bank armed with pistols and revolver at 3.15 pm and robbed the bank of Rs 8.69 lakh in a matter of 15 minutes. Police are now focusing on gangs with similar modus operandi to crack the case.Vatva police officials said Dilipsinh Chauhan, branch manager, informed police at 4 pm about the incident. \"As per his statement, first two men wearing helmet entered the premises and pointed guns at the staff members. They asked them not to move or make any noise or else they would shoot. The third member then entered with a handkerchief covering his lower face. They talked in Hindi and instructed Chauhan to lead them to money,\" said a Vatva police official.Once Chauhan opened the gunny sacks containing cash, the men pushed him inside the security vault followed by other staff members. Chauhan said that the staff present at the time of robbery included him, four employees handling various counters and two peons and an office boy. The robbers did not spare the staff members and also snatched a gold chain from the cashier. \"They took away the sacks containing currency notes of Rs 100 and Rs 500, totalling Rs 8.69 lakh. They did not touch the sacks of notes of Rs 10 and 20,\" said an investigator.The trio fled from the spot on a bike, said eyewitnesses. One of the robbers also left a pistol's magazine on the spot. \"The bank does not have CCTV at its premises. There were doubts of insider's involvement initially due to the nature of the crime, but the magazine containing six bullets recovered from the spot has come from a branded firearm. We suspect involvement of gangs from other states active in the area. We have sought details of the gangs with similar modus operandi,\" said GP Chauhan, inspector of Vatva police station and investigator of the case.Overseas job consultants face cheating charges: Satellite police on Thursday registered a case of cheating against overseas job consultants Ashwin Patel and Niddhi, who have been promising job permits in New Zealand and Europe. The duo had collected Rs 28.05 lakh and they operated for the last six months from the Marriot hotel and 108 Vrundavan shopping center in Satellite area. One of the victims, Ashish Raval registered a case against the two when he could not trace the duo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12116756", "title": "\u2018Centre to blame for rise in fuel surcharge\u2019", "text": "PATNA: Energy minister Vijendra Prasad Yadav on Friday blamed the Centre for the rise in fuel surcharge payable by consumers to the Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) for electricity consumed by them in the state, as the Centre has changed its coal policy mandating the use of coal in thermal power plants through import, and besides the money spent on purchasing per unit of power by the BSEB from the National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) had also been increasing gradually since the 2006-07 fiscal. Moreover, the Electricity Act itself has mandated the imposition of fuel surcharge on power consumers, he added.Yadav, who was giving government's reply to a short-notice question of Izhar Ahmed of the JD(U), also said that meter readers could not be accused of manipulating the electricity bills, as the electricity bills were issued to the consumers through computerized software system. He denied that the surcharge charged on power consumers was erratic and unnecessary, since the quantum of surcharge payable by consumers depended on the actual money paid for the purchase of power from the Central pool at a rate that had been enhanced every year regularly since 2006-07 financial year, when the rate for the purchase of per unit of power by the BSEB was merely Rs 1.89.According to Yadav, the rate of per unit of power was Rs 2.07 in 2007-08, Rs 2.26 in 2008-09, Rs 2.63 in 2009-10, Rs 2.94 in 2010-11 and Rs 3.50 in the current fiscal. He also said that the BSEB would be paying Rs 500 crore for the purchase of power at the rate of Rs 4 per unit of power.Moreover, the rate of power purchased from the Kahalgaon (Bhagalpur) thermal power plant of the NTPC was high, because it has been using imported coal in the plant.To make the matters worse, coal from West Bengal , Odisha, Chhattisgarh and other related states were for use in power plants in different parts of the country, but the power plants in Bihar has been kept deprived of this facility, Yadav said, adding that the Centre has now mandated that all the thermal power plants would have to meet 30 percent of their coal demands through import, which, in turn, would further influence the pricing of power purchased, and in fact, put it further on the higher side.To burden consumers further, the policy decision has been taken to also extract transmission charge from the State Electricity Boards of respective states, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12117768", "title": "Netas unwind as campaigning ends", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav was a relaxed man on Friday. With campaigning for UP election over, the 72-year-old SP boss got some time to spend with his family. Emerging out of his official residence at Vikramaditya Marg here, the Yadav chieftain appeared relatively calm. The emergency of reaching a venue to address a rally or party meeting was missing.\"Lekin, poora aaram toh ab chheh March ke baad he karenge...(I'll relax fully only after March 6),'' he told TOI as he got into the car. Soon, his cavalcade moved on, leaving behind two 'Kranti Raths' - the customised buses Mulayam's son Akhilesh Yadav used for election campaign across the state - parked in corner of his sprawling garden.It was a day off from hectic political campaigning not only for Mulayam, but also for dozens of star campaigners who have been hopping from one district to another since November last to address political rallies. Even the reported frail health did not deter the SP boss from addressing over 90 rallies in the last one and a half months.Akhilesh Yadav, who actually led the bandwagon, is reported to have addressed over 200 rallies, reaching out to over 300 assembly constituencies. On Tuesday, Akhilesh was relaxing at his Delhi residence. At the same time, he met party workers to assess party's performance in the six phases while keeping fingers crossed for the seventh phase scheduled for SaturdayCongress leaders too found some quality time, away from hectic campaigning. UPCC chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi took out time to watch two recently released Bollywood flickers -- Hrithik Roshan starrer Agneepath and Abhishek Bacchan's Players. \"I enjoyed the movies. I watched one in a theatre in Delhi soon after February 19 when polling in Lucknow was over. And the other one at my residence in Lucknow on Thursday when the entire campaign came to an end,'' she said, laughing. \"...after all we become too pre-occupied with the political activities that we do not get much time for ourselves,'' Joshi said. \"In all I have been there in 100 rallies with Rahul Gandhi,'' she said. Though in the afternoon she got back to business addressing a press conference.Congress leader and sitting MLA from Banda, Vivek Singh flew off to Shirdi with his family to seek blessings from Sai Baba.While he could not be contacted, Congress sources said Singh had been planning the trip with his family for quite some time.It was a relaxed day for RLD leaders too. Having addressed over 85 rallies in the past two months, RLD chief Ajit Singh was relaxing at his Delhi residence, while his son and party general secretary Jayant Chaudhary, along with his wife and daughter, went to attend a marriage outside Delhi. Party spokesperson Anil Dubey said: ``It has been after a long time that our leaders are relaxing...addressing rallies does take a toll,'' he said.BJP leaders too found some quality time to spend after days of intense campaigning. BJP senior leader and party candidate from Lucknow East, Kalraj Mishra, after attending a couple of weddings on Thursday evening itself got up late on Friday morning.``Yes, I got off up at around at 8am. Normally, my day begins quite early. But there was no burden today,'' he said. ``It was after a long time that I was able to read newspapers, watch television and spent time with family members,'' Mishra said.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12117920", "title": "Sealing: Industrial units get High court relief", "text": "NOIDA: A day after banks got a breather from the Supreme Court, industrial units in the city have got similar relief from Allahabad High Court. On a petition filed by Noida Entrepreneurs' Association, the court granted a stay on sealing proceedings against industrial units, asking petitioners to file objections to the shutdown notices issued by Noida Authority within three weeks. The court said that once the objections are filed, Noida Authority is free to take \"appropriate action\".Last month, the Authority had issued shutdown notices to about 1,000 units that supply raw material to 6,000 industries. Protesting the move, NEA sought a stay on the authority's sealing drive - scheduled to start from March 5 - on February 25. The petitioners also asked for \"quashing of the notices dated 27/1/2012 and 30/1/2012\" issued by the Authority asking the units to close down as it was against the land use mentioned in the lease deed. The notices directed the allottees to immediately stop the \"unauthorized\" activity or face sealing action and lease deed cancellation.\"Because of the absence of retail markets for raw material, commercial activity has been going on in some industrial sectors,\" said Vipin Malhan, president, NEA. \"Shutting down of operations in these units will bring industries spread across 34 sectors in Noida to a standstill too,\" Malhan added.A bench comprising Justices Ashok Bhushan and Sunita Agarwal on Friday directed the members of the petitioners' association \"to submit detailed objections to the notices within three weeks\" to the authority. The authority is free to take appropriate action after examining the objections in the light of the Supreme Court order of January 23, said the court. The January order had directed the Authority to seal all properties operating out of non-conforming areas.Noida CEO Captain SK Dwivedi said that they had not received a certified copy of the court order. \"After our legal counsel has studied the order, we will decide the further course of action,\" Dwivedi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bareilly", "code": "12118545", "title": "Jobs &amp; corruption main issues for Bareilly youths", "text": "BAREILLY: Unfazed by caste and religious factors, the young and first-time voters of Bareilly are desperately waiting to cast their precious vote on March 3. They have their own priorities and issues which they want the new government to address. The enthusiasm among such voters is gaining momentum.In a survey, it was found that whichever party comes to power, the residents of Bareilly's all nine constituencies want transparent, corruption-free and work-oriented government which can provide better infrastructure, roads, proper conservation of heritage monuments, cleanliness and industrialisation.Prachi Dixit, a first-time voter who did not reveal her choice, said, \"My entire family would go to the polling booth to fulfil our democratic duty. The candidate I will vote for should be able to bring a paradigm shift in governance and the much-needed change that our state needs badly. The candidate must seek to eliminate corruption in the public and private sectors and create more job opportunities instead of promising unemployment allowance as being vowed by several parties.\"Another voter Pankaj Sinha has put a status message on a social networking site urging his friends to vote. \"I shall be voting for BJP with a hope that the newly elected representatives would communicate with young people on issues affecting them, and allocate funds for the youth empowerment. UP lags in fair and clean politics, food security, water and electricity supply, industrial growth, job opportunities, policies for farmers and poor. The elected representatives should be rational, understand the problems of the common man, and have a vision for development of rural areas.\"Bareilly district has 25,35,188 voter population with Aonla having 2,45,897 voters, Bareilly 3,36,693, Bareilly Cantonment 2,85,522, Faridpur 2,64,125, Baheri 2,87,420, Bhojipura 2,86,720, Bithri Chainpur 3,00,088, Meerganj 2,74,119 and Nawabganj has 2,54,604 voters.Muslims constitute a little over 35% of the district's population. Assistant district election officer Ajay Shukla said, \"Young voters (aged between 18-24) will play the decisive role in the elections. And the statistics too show where political parties were rallying and wooing youths in this election. The number of voters aged between 18-19 stands at 92,483; while those in the age group of 20-29 years are 66,718.\"Highlighting election arrangements and statistics, joint chief electoral officer Anita C Meshram said, \"The stage is set for the 7th and final phase of election in 60 constituencies of 10 districts in Rohilkhand and western UP on March 3. All arrangements including deployment of security forces have been made in the district going to polls - Bijnor, Moradabad, Bheem Nagar, Rampur, JP Nagar, Badaun, Bareilly, Pilibhit, Shahjahanpur and Lakhimpur Kheri. The districts are spread over in three divisions - Moradabad, Bareilly and Lucknow. The overall voting percentage in the last six phases (343 constituencies in 65 districts) has been 58.47.\"Surabhi Grover, a young voter who still has to choose between Congress and SP, said, \"I hope that the elected representative will work towards improving traffic management in the city.\" UP chief electoral officer Umesh Sinha said, \"Like any other district, Bareilly will too regain its lost pride when young electorate will vote because it's the major section of population. I, however, feel they have an additional responsibility which is to motivate elders.\"Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12121106", "title": "Class X textbook with GIS and animation", "text": "Thiruvananthapuram: Class X students in Kerala are going hi-tech. For the first time in the country, these students would be taught cartography using Geographical Information System ( GIS) and also be able to create their own animation films.The new text book has been prepared by Kerala's 'IT@School' Project and would be applicable for Class X students opting for the state-run Secondary School Leaving Certificate examination.The textbook, which has been prepared on a free software platform includes nine chapters on website creation, computer networking, hardware troubleshooting, database management, graphic design and ICT-enabled learning, among others.Apart from the Malayalam version, the text book will also be available in English, Tamil and Kannada.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12119040", "title": "Manipur readies for repoll in 67 booths", "text": "IMPHAL: Hectic preparations have started in Manipur for the ensuing fresh repoll in 67 booths in the hill districts slated for Sunday. The ruling Congress, meanwhile, expressed dissatisfaction over what it termed as the Election Commission (EC) entertaining late complaints lodged by non-Congress parties.Manipur went to the polls on January 28 to elect 60 legislators for the 10th assembly. Following gross malpractices, a repoll was conducted on February 4 in 34 booths across the hill district. Following further complaints, the EC on Wednesday ordered a second repoll in 67 booths to be held on March 4, Sunday.Manipur chief electoral officer P C Lawmkunga has asked the police department and all concerned returning officers to make necessary arrangements for the repoll.The ministry of home affairs approved deployment of 45 companies of Central Paramilitary Forces (CPF) and 20 companies of state forces for the repoll, which would be held at nine constituencies in the five hill districts of Chandel, Tamenglong, Churachandpur, Ukhrul and Senapati.Thirty CPF companies are already in state, while the remaining 15 companies have begun heading for Manipur from their respective units outside the state. The CPF personnel would be deployed inside the complexes of the polling stations where repoll would be held while the state forces would be posted around the stations.At least one helicopter would also be requisitioned for any possible emergency services, election officials said.Meanwhile, Manipur PCC president Gaikhangam expressed dissatisfaction over the EC's alleged compliance to 'late' complaints lodged by non-Congress parties. \"It is very unfortunate on the part of the EC to ignore our genuine and timely complaints lodged against poll malpractices in certain booths and accepting other parties' late complaints,\" Gaikhangam said on Friday.\"We, nevertheless, welcome and honour the decision of the EC to hold the repoll in 67 booths and we urge the commission to make effective security arrangement to ensure the repoll is conducted smoothly without any complaint from any parties,\" Gaikhangam said.\"The number of security forces to be deployed in the repoll is not important but their effective duty to drive out antisocial elements and check illegal activities to ensure a free and fair exercise is what matters,\" the PCC chief said. Elections 2012 NewsManipur Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12118878", "title": "Nashik shooters win big at Mumbai event", "text": "NASHIK: The shooting unit of the Maharashtra Kreeda Vidyapith (Sports University), at the Bhonsala Military School since 1996, has been churning out ace shooters since inception. International shooters such as Yogesh Sudke, Amol Renke, Sachin Shelke, Bapu Vanjare and Shreedhar Khetmar are the product of the university, where Bhishmaraj Bam, Vishwajeet Shinde and Nana Deshmukh train shooters from across the state under a two-year course.Twenty shooters from Nashik and eight from the university recently participated in the week-long Maharashtra state shooting championship held at a range in Worli, which concluded recently. The varsity's shooters swept the event with four gold, one silver and two bronze medals and made the university and their coach Nana Deshmukh very proud.Junior national champion Shreya Gawande was the star of the event as she won gold in the air pistol category in both juniors and youth groups, while another junior Babu Shaikh hit the bull's eye in the small bore (.22) prone event to bag gold. Bhandara boy Sagar Ukhare was also not far behind, as he emerged the winner in the junior category in the peep side air rifle event.Nitin Chavan won a silver and bronze medal in the small bore prone and air rifle category in the juniors group, while Swapnil Kusale, another shooter from the university, walked away with a bronze in the small bore prone event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12116397", "title": "Mopidevi proposes two dry days a week", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mopidevi Venkataramana may yet to have fully cleared his name in the liquor scam but the excise minister seems intent on turning the tables on his detractors with his proposal for two dry-days a week.\"Although the crisis was created by vested interests, some people gave the impression that they were the real crusaders against alcohol. I want to unmask them. Taking the cue from the state government's move to impose a two-day power holiday for industries in view of the power shortage, I am proposing a two-day liquor holiday to keep people away from drinking.\"I know it is a bit difficult to implement it because it hurts quite a few interests and there are elements within our party who could resist it fiercely. But the idea behind the move is to make it clear to one and all that our government is neither banking on excise duties nor encouraging alcohol consumption,\" Mopidevi said.\"We are going to launch a major anti-liquor campaign next month. You will see that the same people who are saying that the state is not cracking down on the liquor syndicate are resisting the campaign,\" Mopidevi said.Rs 50 crore has been earmarked for promoting prohibition, principal excise revenue secretary Ashutosh Misra said that his department was planning an aggressive campaign whose main aim was to promote prohibition. \"There will be signboards in liquor shops and outside saying that the consumers need not pay more than the MRP. However, the more important thing is to ensure that the people do not buy alcohol,\" Misra said.Although, his proposal will doubtless help him score a brownie point or two politically, Mopidevi's main challenge is the court case pending in the issue.A public interest litigation (PIL) by city-based activist Omim Manechshaw Debara with a prayer to the High Court that it monitor the investigation into the liquor scam is yet to be admitted. High court has sought a status report from ACB in three weeks and the court is expected to decide on the admission of the petition after that.\"People will not get carried away by these tactics to divert attention. The main culprits have to be brought to book,\" said Debara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12118716", "title": "Coming together on the greens", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Times IGP Golf Invitational Tournament, aimed bridging the communication gap between police and society, is set to kick off on Saturday. Over 100 people, in different age groups, have registered for this tournament.The event would be announced open during a welcome dinner at a hotel in the city on Saturday and the putters would get swinging their clubs on Sunday morning at the Chandigarh Golf Club (CGC).The tournament has been designed as a perfect blend of golf and glitz, with the top-most industrialists, bureaucrats, police officers and corporate honchos from Punjab, Haryana, Chandigarh and Jammu and Kashmir participating in it.Chandigarh inspector general of police P K Srivastava said, Sports is the best medium to bring together people from diverse backgrounds and interests on the same dais. It gives an opportunity to them to initiate a dialogue in a free environment, which is otherwise not possible This tournament will be taken to different states and many prominent personalities would participate in it. We will initiate a dialogue and take the feedback that would help us to improve the standard of policing. Basic idea is to reinforce the public-friendly image of police, Srivastava added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12117960", "title": "Punish airlines for bias against disabled: Activist", "text": "NEW DELHI: Since February 24, at least two incidents have come to light when physically challenged persons had to face discrimination and humiliation at the hands of airlines. The Disabled Rights Group (DRG) has written to the civil aviation secretary, asking him to call a meeting of all airlines and other stakeholders to \"chalk out an action plan with strict measures and punitive action to ensure such incidents do not happen again and the rights of people with disabilities are not violated with such impunity\".In the first case, SpiceJet publically apologized to the 40-year-old Jeeja Ghosh, suffering from cerebral palsy, after the pilot refused to let her fly. However, groups working with disability have expressed \"deep anguish\" at the action taken by the airline and the civil aviation ministry in this regard.Javed Abidi, convenor of DRG said that despite rules regarding differently-abled passengers already in place, no airline seems to be following them or even aware of them. \"SpiceJet carried out an inquiry into the incident which it has termed an 'inconvenience' for the passenger that too caused 'inadvertently'. However, to a person suffering from cerebral palsy, it was humiliation. After this, the airline made the magnanimous offer of contributing Rs 1 lakh to charity which works towards improving the understanding of the disease. Will this be all for flouting of rules and humiliation of a human being?\" asked Abidi.DRG's letter reads: \"For each such reported case, there are scores of unreported cases where the average discriminated disabled passenger may not even have the requisite knowledge about laws or policies, or may not have the confidence to fight for his/her rights. The office of the director general of civil aviation came out with guidelines after a similar incident. But airlines continue to violate rules...\" The SC order of 1998 had mandated that all airlines must have aisle chairs and airports should have ambulifts.\"Most airports do not have the infrastructure, and those that do barely ever use it. The time is past for vague apologies. Unless the ministry doesn't step in and mete out strict punishment, things will not change,\" Abidi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12118004", "title": "Man killed over election dispute", "text": "NAGPUR: A 30-year-old man was brutally done to death late Friday night.Four persons attacked Pintu Masram, a resident of Ajay Nagar, with knives and later stoned him to death at 11.10 pm. The attackers targeted Masram as he was going home in front of Kelkar Mangal Karyalaya on road leading to Ravi Nagar square from Ram Nagar.Police believe the incident was fall-out of a dispute relating to recently concluded civic elections. Ambazari police said they have identified most of the assailants and would round them up soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12118932", "title": "Brawl over hotel partnership deal", "text": "NASHIK: The Indiranagar police have registered an offence against Avinash Pawar, a resident of Tarwalanagar, Panchavati, on the complaint filed by Riya Badgujar of Radhesham society, near Zilla Parishad.According to the complaint Badgujar's husband, Ritesh was at hotel Aangan near Pandav Leni on the Mumbai-Agra highway when Pawar approached her husband and demanded to know why he (Pawar) had been dissolved from the hotel's partnership.According to the complainant, the accused also started beating up her husband and when the complainant intervened, the accused outraged her modesty, and also made threatening statements.Ritesh Badgujar said that they had been running the hotel for the past 20 months.During the initial period, it was decided that Badgujar would invest Rs six lakh and Pawar Rs four lakh in the said partnership.Badgujar claimed that he invested Rs three lakh initially in the hotel while the Rs two lakh in cheque given by Avinash Pawar to the owner of the hotel, could not be encashed apparently due to the lack of funds in Pawar's bank account.Badgujar said that, since Pawar had not given money, he, Badgujar, had been running the hotel solo for the past 16 to 17 months. Badgujar also said that the owner of the hotel, Mangala Ahire, had not made any agreement regarding the ownership, and had also not renewed the food and shop license.According to Badgujar the owner of the hotel was indirectly supporting Pawar. On the said day although Mangala Ahire was present in the hotel she did not speak a word when the accused drove out all the hotel staff and customers. While Mangala Ahire has been directed to vacate the hotel premises, she is not also giving the money deposited with her, claimed Badgujar. The Indiranagar police are now investigating the case further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "jaipur/bikaner", "code": "12121367", "title": "Violent clash claims three lives in Bikaner", "text": "JAIPUR/BIKANER: Three men were brutally murdered, one of them shot to death, one beheaded while another brunt alive, in a violent clash between two groups from a community over a dispute in a village in Bikaner's Bajju police station area on Friday night. A mob of about 100 people brutally murdered the men.Their houses were also set on fire. The police said they were trying to restore law and order and douse the fire till late night. Unconfirmed reports said that at least one of the deceased was a murder accused and had been out on bail recently.According to the police, the incident took place in Begron Ki Dhani village under Bajju police station area. ''There was an old animosity between two groups of Rajput community in the village following a murder ,'' said add SP, ruralSrikrishna Singh. He added that a council meeting was held under the leadership of Sardul Singh in the village on Friday evening to discuss the issues related to rivalry.''After the meeting, a mob of about 100 men attacked three men, identified as Jeevan Singh who is the murder accused, Karan Singh and Soga Singh,'' said a police officer.While one of them was beheaded with a sword, the other was shot to death. ''One of them tried to hide in a house. The villagers put the house on fire,' said the officer.The bodies of the three deceased were sent to Bikaner for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12118696", "title": "Illegal structures removed from Ghantaghar crossing", "text": "KANPUR: The officials of Kanpur Municipal Corporation razed several temporary structures at Ghantagarh Chauraha during an anti-encroachment drive on Friday. The drive was conducted in various areas near Ghantaghar crossing. Such initiatives are always organized after giving prior information to the locals, but this time, no prior notice was given by the KMC officials, which left a bad taste.The KMC anti-encroachment squad neither informed any shopkeeper or street vendor that they will be razing the shops, nor gave them time to remove the stalls and shops. This had made the locals angry who also protested that the KMC officials were adopting a pick and choose policy while conducting the drive.Also, many of the makeshift structures were turned turtle by the squad which resulted into heavy losses to poor fruit and vegetable sellers. Cranes and other equipment were brought to remove the illegal structures.\"My grapes and oranges worth thousands of rupees were destroyed by KMC officials. They used force on us and didn't allow us to collect our fruits and stuff from the road,\" said Radhey, a fruit seller. The dictatorial attitude of the KMC squad came in for sharp criticism. However, the KMC officials denied the allegations. A senior KMC official said that before launching the drive, the officials visited various places where the anti-encroachment drive was conducted and gave a deadline to the illegal occupants to remove the structures. \"We were forced to adopt coercive steps as the vegetable and fruit sellers were not willing to shift the stalls even after repeated requests,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12121065", "title": "Sudha Chandran's artificial leg causes travel woes", "text": "Sudha Chandran talks about the way she was harassed by the airport security in TrivandrumSudha Chandran has been an example for many. Despite having her right leg amputated, the popular television actress went on to become one of the highly acclaimed of India. However, living with a Jaipur foot is not easy. And the actress has been facing problems during air travel. And it's not because of any physical discomfort. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Sudha had been facing problems with the airport officials. The actress had been harassed by the security officials in Mumbai, Trivandrum and Hyderabad airports.Talking about her experience, Sudha told Mumbai Mirror, \"Twice in the last ten days I have been harassed due to my artificial leg. And this has happened despite me carrying my medical certificate along. The certificate has all the details including how many screws are there on my artificial leg etc.\"Her worst experience was however at the Mumbai airport. \"They asked me ridiculous questions. When I told them that I was an actress, they said, 'Arrey pehchaana nahi aapko. Makeup ke bina bahut different lagte ho.' It was quite embarrassing.\"Describing the recent Trivandrum incident, Sudha said, \"I went to Trivandrum on February 14. The security staff at the airport was extremely rude.\"\"They asked me to undress. I was wearing a salwar kameez and couldn't possibly have undressed. There was also no changing room. They wanted me to remove my artificial leg and show. It was very humiliating. The other people present there came and started watching me,\" added the actress.Hoping that security people will understand the humiliation that a person goes through due to such checks, Sudha added, \"I agree that not everyone knows who I am. I am not that famous. However, when I show them all the documents, I just wish they dealt with me respectfully. I wonder what would happen to common people who have issues like these.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12116399", "title": "Model test paper sells out in hours", "text": "CHENNAI: Thousands of students taking the first state board Class 10 examination under the Samacheer Kalvi syllabus were on tenterhooks on Friday after a booklet of model question papers printed by the school education department sold out within hours of its release.Students and parents who waited for hours at distribution centres to buy a copy of the booklet brought out by the department's Tamil Nadu Parent Teachers Association returned home without one and were no clearer about the pattern of the test paper than they had been earlier.A spokesperson at the office of the chief educational officer of Chennai district said thousands of copies were sold on Thursday and another 1,000 copies had been sent to four centres in the city on Friday morning. Yet, by noon, students were told that stocks were sold out.The department's booklet, priced at Rs 130, contains five model question papers for all five subjects in Class 10 and a question bank with solutions for mathematics.\"The officials asked us to come tomorrow, but I'm not sure that I'll get the model papers,\" said S Shanmugham, the father of a Class 10 student, who said he had tried to get a copy from two centres in the city. \"If I had been able to get a copy today my daughter would have been a little more relaxed while preparing for the exams.\"Around 9 lakh students will take the Class 10 board exams based on the Samacheer Kalvi syllabus this year. The examination begins in the first week of April.Students have for several years depended on compilations of question papers that appeared in board exams the previous five years. Schools encouraged the trend, as questions were repeated with intervals of a few years and this helped the students score more marks. A compilation was not possible this year as the exam has been altered for the new syllabus.However, the school education department, seeking to allay the students' fears, said it had also distributed CDs containing model papers and put up one set of questions on its website. The blueprint for the question paper has also been released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12118174", "title": "Unrelenting Gohil suspended", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Leader of opposition in the legislative assembly Shaktisinh Gohil was on Friday barred from attending the House till end of the current budget session, March end. The session had began on February 23.The move is not without precedence. During the last one decade, all three previous Congress leaders of opposition - Amarsinh Chaudhary, Naresh Raval and Arjun Modhwadia - faced a similar predicament for opposing the Modi government on different occasions. The move followed a resolution put up by minister of state for legislative affairs Pradeepsinh Jadeja in the House, which said that Gohil had shown \"disrespect\" to speaker Ganpatbhai Vasava by refusing to apologize for allegedly calling state agriculture minister Dilip Sanghani, known to be close to chief minister Narendra Modi , a partner of the Adani Group .The speaker immediately put the resolution on vote soon after it was moved. Gohil, who wanted to a chance to explain his stance, was not allowed, and the resolution was passed with majority. The only rider in the resolution is, if Gohil apologized, he could be allowed to be back into the House, to which the Congress leader refused to agree.\"Assembly records show, I never said anything personal against Sanghani. If at all there is any partner it is Gujarat's chief minister. And, state revenue minister Anandiben Patel handed land to the Adanis at the rate of Re 1 per square metre,\" Gohil said in a statement later, distributing a copy of assembly records.The statement accused Modi for writing the script for ensuring his suspension from the assembly. He said, the chief minister is \"afraid that I will expose the corrupt practices under him in the House.\"Calling it \"murder of democracy\", Gohil added, \"The ruling party came up with a resolution to suspend him after it became clear to assembly speaker Vasava that no assembly rules support his decision to compel him for an apology.\"In a counter-statement, government spokesperson Jay Narayan Vyas said that the BJP was forced to take the extreme step after the opposition leader \"threw to winds all assembly rules\" by refusing to adhere to the speaker's verdict. \"Gohil exposed his selfish and adamant attitude by seeking to undermine the chair,\" he added.For two and a half days, the treasury benches did not allow the House to function normally, shouting slogans demanding Gohil's apology. The assembly was adjourned four times on Wednesday and twice on Thursday. At one point, the speaker said that he would give his ruling on Gohil's apology after he, Sanghani and senior Congress leader Modhwadia saw the video footage.However, the three never met, and the speaker asked for Gohil's apology on the basis of \"assembly records\". Refusing to agree to this, Gohil, who is also a senior high court advocate, said, \"There are no rules under which the speaker can ask me to apologize.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12122002", "title": "Francis Veber's story to get Indian adaptation", "text": "Writer-director Francis Veber, one of the most celebrated names in French cinema, is looking forward to the Bollywood adaptation of his famous story \" L'emmerdeur\".Veber's scripts have been turned into movies in France and Hollywood but it is for the first time that his story is being officially adapted in India by producer-director Jagdish Rajpurohit in his upcoming film \" Bumboo\".\"L'emmerdeur\", a story about the unlikely friendship between a hitman and a suicidal man, was first adapted by Hollywood legend and Veber's idol Billy Wilder.The 74-year-old, however, feels that Indian version is far better than what Wilder, who made classics like \"Sunset Boulevard\", \"Seven Year Itch\" and \"Sabrina\", tried to achieve in \"Buddy Buddy\", his career's last film.\"It was a bad movie. It makes me sad because Billy Wilder is a legend and my hero but he made a mistake in his casting. He cast two guys he used to work with and it did not work. What I like about the Indian version is that they have cast right people. The killer here looks like a tough guy so I am looking forward to see how it fares with Indian audience,\" Veber told PTI over phone from Paris .The director, whose \" Dinner Game\" inspired \" Bheja Fry\", says he was surprised to be approached for the rights by Rajpurohit.\"Most of the time my stories get adapted without my knowledge and I don't get any money. But it is changing now. The Indian director of \"Bumboo\" was in touch with me. I was delighted to have someone who was very clear in his approach.\"Veber's stories come from the cultural absurdities of the French people but they have been successfully adapted across the world. The secret, he says, is in having a high concept.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12122832", "title": "Suspected vessel involed in collision to reach Chennai on Monday morning", "text": "KOCHI: M V Prabhu Daya, which is one of the large frigates suspected to be involved in the collision with a fishing boat off Alappuzha coast on Thursday, will reach Chennai on Monday, the ship owners said.A spokesman for the vessel owners Tolani Shipping (Singapore) Private Limited told TOI here over phone from Mumbai that the Director General of Shipping (DGS) has asked all the suspected vessels including Prabhu Daya to return to the nearest Indian coast to assist in the probe. Sources in the DGS however declined to confirm or deny whether there are other vessels which have been asked to return to the Indian port.Two fishermen were killed while three went missing in the incident off Manakkodan lighthouse in the wee hours of Thursday. Navy and the Coast Guard were making intense efforts to locate the unidentified ship which collided with the fishing vessel. They had located an object similar to the capsised fishing boat from the sea bed around the area, and Navy has sent in a team of deep sea divers to verify whether the object is part of the remnants of the boat. Search is still on for the three missing fishermen as well.MV Prabhu Daya is a 52,822 DWT, 2001 built bulk carrier that sails under the Singaporean flag. The vessel was en-route from Panaji to Singapore, Tolani Shipping said in a press release here.Tolani Shipping take these matters extremely seriously and hold safety of life at sea as an absolute priority. Every assistance will be given to the authorities in their continuing investigations, both by the company and the crew, the release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12121005", "title": "DC orders ban on hookah bars", "text": "LUDHIANA: Acting tough against hookah bars serving tobacco molasses containing nicotine, deputy commissioner of Ludhiana Rahul Tewari issued an order on Thursday banning such bars in the city.The DC said Ludhiana civil surgeon had brought to his notice that there are a number of hookah bars operating in the district that are serving tobacco molasses containing nicotine, which is injurious to health. He added that there has also been a suspicion that other harmful substances are also mixed with tobacco molasses at these hookah bars.The civil surgeon has also made to appear before me that in certain districts Section 144 of the CrPC has already been invoked to ban such hookah bars. In view of good health and goodwill of the public and to ensure in particular that school or college-going youngsters and minors dona??t become victim of these things, hookah bars need to be banned, the order said. According to the order no hookah shall be placed for consumption of visitors even in restaurants.Reacting to the DC's order, Shivani Chaudhry of Sukhmani Enclave, who is mother of a 16-year-old daughter and a 11-year-old son, said, \"It is a welcome step by the district administration. Youngsters in particular need to be saved from these hookah bars that are selling addictive substances. They need to be kept away from the influence of such things.\" Rajguru Nagar-resident Kanwaldeep Singh, who is studying BBA, said, \"It is a positive step. A big thumbs up for this order. I hope it is strictly implemented.\"CAUGHT IN ACTIONOn February 22, a team led by district health officer had raided Mr Beans coffee house at Sarabha Nagar and found 25 youngsters in the age group of 18-22 years age smoking tobacco from hookahs. They were challaned under Tobacco Act.RTS Act: Tewari seeks explanationDeputy commissioner Rahul Tewari on Friday issued notices to officials of eight departments for violating Right to Services Act by not processing various applications under 67 categories. The DC has demanded an explanation from district transport officer, tehsildar east and south, district health officer and nayab tehsildars of Dehlon, Kumkalan, Sanhewal and Mullanpur on why a fine of Rs 5,000 should not be imposed on them and why a departmental inquiry should not be conducted against them. The DC has asked the officers to file their answer by March 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12116302", "title": "Italian ship\u2019s \u2018black box\u2019 data missing", "text": "CHENNAI: Vital data from the voyage data recorder (VDR) on board MV Enrica Lexie, the Italian vessel involved in the killing of Indian fishermen, is missing , a parallel investigation by the Mercantile Marine Department (MMD) has found.VDR, which is equivalent to the black box in an aircraft, is supposed to record conversations in the captain's cabin, the vessel's position and happenings on board every 12 hours, after which it overwrites the data with fresh details. If there is an important event on board or in the vicinity, the VDR data is required to be archived.MMD sources said Enrica Lexie had probably overwritten the data, which could have given details about its exact position when the firing happened. The Kerala police say they are yet to get the log book and VDR data.According to the International Maritime Organization's International Convention SOLAS Requirements, every vessel has to maintain VDR data.A senior shipping official said the investigators should have first seized the VDR rather than the arms on board the vessel. \"VDR provides critical evidence for incident investigation. It registers all conversations in the bridge (captain's cabin) and directions he gave to the crew. It also registers the respective position and location of the vessel during the incidents, origin and destination of the vessel, besides technical details of the vessel. Without the log book and VDR data, the case weakens,\" the official said.On February 15, marines on board Enrica Lexie shot down two fishermen off the Kerala coast. The ship, which sailed away after the incident, later claimed that the incident happened in the exclusive economic zone of India though the exact location would be known only after investigation. According to the Indian Coast Guard and the Kerala police, the incident happened about 22.5 nautical miles from the western coast of India, off the Kollam coast. Identifying the vessel involved in the shooting, the Coast Guard trapped the vessel and directed it to come into Indian waters. The two Italian marines who are charged with murder are now in the custody of the Kerala police.Manoj Joy, national coordinator of Sailors Helpline, said erasing data of VDR is a violation of International Maritime Organisation (IMO) rules. \"It is a crime and the captain should be prosecuted for destroying evidence,\" he said.A senior Kerala police officer said they have not seized anything other than ammunition from the vessel. \"We never went through the log book or VDR,\" said the police officer. International maritime rules insists that VDR data should be locked by the captain at the time of the incident and surrendered before the investigation officials immediately after berthing the vessel at the nearest port, in this case in Kochi on February 17.Kochi city police commissioner M R Ajith Kumar said it was for the MMD to submit the technical details of the vessel as police are not the experts. \"We are yet to get VDR data. Log book details and status of VDR data should be included in the MMD report which is yet to come,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "12118957", "title": "Dying cattle put vets on high alert in Mehsana", "text": "PALANPUR: At least 14 cows and two calves were found dead at Rajapur village near Kadi in Mehsana district on Thursday evening. As many as 50 cows are being treated for poisoning.The cows are suspected to have died after consuming remains of castor crop in a field. N B Gadhvi, deputy director, veterinary at zilla panchayat in Mehsana, said, \"Teams belonging to veterinary department, Dusdhasagar Dairy, Mehsana and zilla panchayat had rushed to Kadi when they came to know about the incident of several cows falling sick and 14 dying suddenly.\"Gadhvi further added, \"Their viscera has been sent to Anand. The viscera report would reveal the actual cause behind the cows' death.\"The cows were affected by the excessive quantity of resin, a poisonous stuff found in the remains of castor grass, sources said.As many as 50 cows are being treated for poisoning. The animals are suspected to have died after consuming remains of castor crop in a field.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12118050", "title": "MoEF decides to burn Bhopal toxic waste in Pithampur", "text": "NAGPUR: In a big respite for Nagpurians, the Union ministry for environment and forest (MoEF) has decided to conduct trial runs at Pithampur to dispose of the toxic waste of 1984 Bhopal gas catastrophe. The decision was taken during a February 22 meeting in Delhi, and if trials are successful, all 350 metric tonnes of waste at Union Carbide Plant in Bhopal would be incinerated there.The meeting, conducted under environment and forest secretary T Chatterjee, was also attended by representatives of Maharashtra Pollution Control board (MPCB) and Madhya Pradesh Pollution Control board (MPPCB).The minutes of the meeting state that MPPCB will permissions to the operator of Pithampur Treatment, Storage and Disposal Facility (TSDF) to conduct trial runs of waste incineration while Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) will supervise it. After its success, MPPCB will grant authorization to TSDF operator for regular incineration operations.The Bhopal Gas Tragedy Relief and Rehabilitation Department (BGTRRD) of MP government was told to obtain statutory permissions from MPPCB for transportation of 10 MT of toxic waste to Pithampur. CPCB was asked to complete the trial within two months and submit a report.The minutes state that other options for disposing of the toxic waste were not found feasible due to problems in getting statutory approvals for interstate movement.The minutes of the meeting are expected to be submitted at the Madhya Pradesh High Court at Jabalpur, where a PIL in this regard would come for hearing on Monday. However, experts say the threat of disposing of waste in Nagpur has more or less mitigated with this development.The Bhopal HC had earlier asked MP government to transport waste to Nagpur's DRDO facility at Borkhedi, which was opposed by local residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12117743", "title": "India, US start human trials of kala azar vaccine", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and the US have jointly started human trials of a new and powerful vaccine against kala azar. The disease is the second largest parasitic killer in the world after malaria , with a 90% fatality rate within two years if left untreated.The Phase 1 clinical trial on 36 adult volunteers has started in Washington that will evaluate the vaccine's safety and immunogenicity.A second trial will be conducted in India for which Seattle-based Infectious Disease Research Institute (IDRI) has transferred its technology to Pune's Gennova Biopharmaceuticals. Gennova will produce the candidate vaccine.The LEISH-F3 + GLA-SE vaccine will be tested on healthy Indian adults in collaboration with the Banaras Hindu University later this year. The vaccine is a highly purified, recombinant and incorporates two fused parasite proteins and a powerful adjuvant to stimulate an immune response.\"Vaccines can do what medicines cannot - prevent the disease from even occurring,\" said Dr N K Ganguly, former director general of the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR). \"Only with an effective vaccine can we expect to control kala azar in south Asia ,\" he said.Kala azar, which is transmitted through the bite of a sand fly, causes about five lakh cases and 50,000 deaths each year across 88 countries and is most common in India, Nepal, Bangladesh, Sudan and Brazil.Kala azar affects vital organs and bone marrow, destroying white and red blood cells. Because it attacks the immune system, it has been called the parasitic version of HIV/AIDS. \"Visceral leishmaniasis or kala azar is a persistent and deadly global health problem. Our partnership with India will speed the development of an effective vaccine and accelerate control of the disease,\" said Steve Reed , founder of IDRI.While the disease can be treated, current treatments are too expensive, difficult to administer or toxic for widespread use in poor countries. Drug resistance is a growing problem in India. Scientists warn that the geographical range for leishmaniasis is expanding. Spurred by global warming , mass migration and rapid urbanization, cases are being reported in previously unaffected areas.\"Given such challenges, a vaccine is considered essential to control and eliminate the disease. With this clinical trial, we hope to launch a new era in the fight against Visceral leishmaniasis,\" said Franco Piazza, leader of the vaccine's clinical development.Subsequent clinical trials will involve more people, who are at high risk of developing kala azar because they are frequently bitten by sand flies. Only such large trials, conducted in real-life situations of disease exposure, will determine the full effectiveness of the LEISH-F3 + GLA-SE vaccine.India missed the National Health Policy target to eliminate kala azar by 2010, and has now set a new target to eliminate or reduce the number of cases to one per 10,000 people by 2015.\"We have missed the 2010 target. According to a tripartite treaty among Bangladesh, Nepal and India, the new elimination target date is 2015. Elimination means reducing number of cases to one per 10,000 people,\" a Union health ministry official said. He added, \"Only 542 blocks across India report the infection. And in 50% of these blocks, we have eliminated the disease.\"Some kala azar facts:Kala azar is endemic in 48 dists in Bihar , Jharkhand , UP, W Bengal About 65.4 million people are at risk in these four states WHO's deadline to eliminate kalazar from Southeast Asia expires in 2016 Of 38 dists in Bihar, 31 are kala azar-prone Also known as black fever, it afflicts poor people The infection causes Visceral leishmaniasis that attacks liver and spleen, causing irregular bouts of fever and substantial weight loss. In developing countries, where patients generally have poor nutrition and compromised immune function, it is 100% fatal without treatment. Kala azar tends to recur after every 15 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12121228", "title": "Court all for ecocabs in Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: With city as rising pollution levels and clogged roads, the Punjab and Haryana high courta's recommendation to study the possibility of having ecocabs in Ludhiana appears to be godsend.The ecocabs, or rickshaws on call, are the pride of Fazilka, where these vehicles have revolutionized the townas commuting habits. Keeping that in mind, the HC on Friday asked Graduate Welfare Association Fazilka (GWAF), which had evolved this specialized rickshaw, to conduct a study in Ludhiana for introducing ecocabs.A division bench comprising Justice Surya Kant and Justice Ajay Tewari asked the secretary of the association, Navdeep Kumar Asija, to conduct a study and recommend the actions required to improve the situation. HC had taken suo motu cognizance on introduction of ecocabs in the region following media reports published about the concept in Fazilka. Thereafter, the court had issued notice to the state governments of Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh, asking them to respond on the issue.The ecocabs have already been introduced in Amritsar on experiment basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12120943", "title": "Jiiva and Supriya's platinum love", "text": "Actor Jiiva and his wife Supriya celebrated their Platinum Day of Love by exchanging platinum love bands at Nathella Jewellery in Chennai. The couple unveiled the Platinum Love Bands Collection on the occasion.The collection is a testament of true love and rightly symbolizes a memorable occasion for the celebrity couple as they celebrate their very special Platinum Day of Love.The bands are a celebration of the sublime elegance of platinum designed uniquely and subtly, yet resonating grandeur like no other ornament. Inspired by timeless Indian motifs and crafted to perfection, the collection is specially designed to suit the Indian sensibilities.Talking about the launch of the collection, Jiiva said, \"Platinum has always been the symbol of everlasting love. Every moment being in love is something to cherish. A glance at my platinum ring will keep reminding me of my love, even though we are far away from each other. Platinum love bands celebrate a love that is rare and outlives the whims of fashion. Just like our love.\" \"It was a special day of our life when we found each other and even more precious when we fell in true love. Platinum is one such metal that is a perfect fit to commemorate the special love we share,\" said Supriya.Prapanna Kumar Nathella, MD of the brand said, \"These bands are specially crafted keeping in mind the elegant and unique designs that buyers are looking for these days and that is possible to provide only with a rare and precious metal platinum. Platinum supports extreme design form and is a metal of today's times. Platinum love bands signify love. And more couples are celebrating their special moments with platinum.\"Platinum has been known to be favoured by royalty and celebrities the world over. Amongst the international celebrity couples, Beyonce and Jay-Z , Heidi Klum and Seal , and Katie Holmes and Tom Cruise are a few who have expressed their love through platinum rings.These bands are available at 50,000 onwards (pair of rings for his and her). One of the first Platinum Guild India Authorised Retailers, Nathella offers many ranges of expressions in the metal that's rare, pure and timeless. Choose from the collections with prices starting at 6,000 upwards or make a selection from platinum, pendants, bracelets, necklaces and ear rings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12118162", "title": "City reports 14 crimes daily", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On an average, 14 incidents of theft, loot, rape and chain snatching were reported daily from various parts of Ahmedabad in the last one year.Minister of state for home Praful Patel told the House while replying to a question of Shailesh Parmar. He said goods including gold and silver ornaments worth Rs 7.57 lakh are stolen daily from the city.In all, 5,079 cases of loot, burglary, rape, thefts and chain snatching were reported from the city in the last year ending January 31, 2012. In all these cases, the police successfully traced the accused in 2,337 cases.The minister said that the 10 police stations in the western part of the city including Vejalpur, Anandnagar, Satellite , Ellisbridge, Vastrapur, Navrangpura, University, Ghatlodia, Sola and Naranpura account for about 44 per cent of the total crime in the city. The rest 30 police stations registered 56 per cent of the cases.On theft cases, he said the 10 police stations in the western part account for 43.51 per cent of the incidents. In the city, goods and gold-silver ornaments worth Rs 27.63 crore were stolen in the last one year ending January 31, 2012.\"It is a trend that the areas in western city are more prone to crimes such as thefts, cheating and robberies as there is more money involved. Thus, while eastern city parts have more number of thefts, the amount lost is more in the western parts. We have also observed a rise in number of daytime thefts in such areas especially from flats,\" said a senior city police official.The officer said the western part of the city may have topped the chart in theft, chain snatching and loot, but when it comes to rape the 10 police stations recorded just nine cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12116439", "title": "Officer, headmaster suspended after teacher consumes acid", "text": "CHENNAI: A corporation education officer and a school headmaster were suspended on Friday, a day after a teacher consumed acid on being reprimanded by the officer for dereliction of duty.Officials of the civic body reacted with disbelief at the action taken against the education officer, K Ravichandran, who they said was only doing his duty when he pulled up P Jagatheeswaran and three other teachers for not maintaining record books. They said checking corporation school record books was a routine affair as part of inspections conducted every fortnight and that the teachers were attempting to put pressure on corporation officials for insisting that they follow the rules.Ravichandran met teachers on a visit to Korrukupet Chennai Girls Higher Secondary School on the institution's Annual Day. \"Since the school's first batch of Class 10 students were to sit for the board exams, he wanted to inspect the record books,\" an official said.When the teachers confessed that the record books had not been maintained, he ordered them to provide a written explanation, which corporation officials say is also regular procedure. \"A written explanation is not serious, only repeated explanations for similar incidents of negligence would result in a memo being issued to a teacher,\" the official said.The four teachers and the headmaster pleaded with the education officer not to insist on a written explanation, but the education officer refused to relent. Jagatheeswaran, who teaches physics, consumed acid, stating that he had been humiliated.After Jagatheeswaran was admitted to hospital, hundreds of corporation school teachers besieged the corporation headquarters till late in the night, demanding the suspension of the headmaster and education officer. They accused Ravichandran of not being sympathetic to the teachers.School officials admit that routine checks help institutions get good results. \"Most schools are told to target 100% but not go below 95%, that's why the pass percentage has increased in south Chennai,\" the official said.Corporation schools have been criticized for lack of infrastructure, poor teaching standards and falling enrolment. Only a few years ago, the then corporation commissioner decided to raise standards and introduced a system of fortnightly inspections and submission of reports. \"He appointed assistant educational officers for all 10 zones and they had to submit reports every two weeks. We check all parameters to ensure that students are receiving the best possible education,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12116475", "title": "Stop work at Naya Qila right now, HC tells HGA", "text": "HYDERABAD: The AP High Court on Friday directed the Hyderabad Golf Association (HGA) to stop all work at Naya Qila on the Golconda Fort premises within 24 hours failing which it said the HGA would be held in contempt.The bench of Chief Justice Madan B Lokur and Justice PV Sanjay Kumar directed the district collector to ensure that all machinery be removed from the site immediately with the assistance of police.The bench was dealing with a writ petition filed by Mohammed Afzal and others complaining that wakf property was taken away without prior permission from the authority and converted into a golf course and constructions were being made by destroying the graves that exist there. Afzal said that the work at the Qila had picked up a feverish pace recently. \"The HGA authorities are carrying out work in contravention of an earlier HC order. The court had ordered that contours of the fort area should not be changed. But the photographs that we presented to the bench clearly showed otherwise. The authorities have been cutting earth mounds and digging at several places to level the ground according to their specifications,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12116169", "title": "Man disowns wife with 'weak eyesight'", "text": "SURAT: A reason as flimsy as \"weak eyesight\" cited by her husband and his family members is threatening to break the marriage of a woman in the city.On Friday, acting on the woman's complaint, police arrested her husband and his four family members including the parents and his sisters, for allegedly mentally torturing the woman for almost one year.The woman, Pooja Zhaveri, has alleged that her husband Rinkesh and his parents are using her weak eyesight as a pretext for demanding dowry from her parents.Pooja's eyesight, which was already weak, got even more affected after she suffered from dengue last year.She has alleged in the complaint that her in-law and husband harassed her by passing unsavoury remarks about her weak eyesight.On February 24, Rinkesh and his family asked her to leave the house and said they wanted a divorce.Ramesh Kadiwala, her father said, \"Her family had started demanding an industrial shed, which I own in Khatodara, GIDC. When I refused, they started asking for money on every other occasion. When I did not comply, they started making all kinds of remarks about her weak eyesight and said that she is blind. They forcibly sent her back to us on February 24.\"Kadiwala said that he along with other community members also tried to strike truce with her in-law. \"But, in the end, I had to take my daughter to the police station as they were just not willing to compromise. They want a divorce at any cost.\"Talking to TOI, Pooja said, \"I don't want divorce at any cost. I would like to go back and live with my husband and family. Had something happened to my husband's eyesight, would I have left him? Instead I would care for him better.\"Pooja, a resident of Zanda Sheri of Sagrampura area, was married to Rinkesh on May 25, 2010. Rinkesh's family is involved in powerloom business.\"It is basically a domestic dispute and we tried solving it by talking to both the parties. She has weak eyesight but that doesn't mean you throw her out of the house. Her husband and other family members just don't want to accept her back,\" said Krishna Dabhi, women's police inspector, investigating the case.Besides Rinkesh, police arrested his father Govind Jhaveri, 58, mother Kokila, 57, and sisters Amisha and Vaishali under IPC sections 498, 504, 323 and 114 along with the sections under the Dowry Act. They were presented in the court in the evening.Kadiwala said, \"We are ready for the compromise but that compromise is not divorce. My daughter going happily to her house and living with her family and husband is what we want.\"Pooja Zhaveri has alleged that her husband and his parents are using her weak eyesight as a pretext for demanding dowry from her parents. Pooja's eyesight, which was already weak, got even more affected after she suffered from dengue last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12121023", "title": "Farhan, Ritesh promote new writers", "text": "Farhan Akhtar and Ritesh Sidhwan's Excel Entertainment has launched an initiative to propel and promote new writers for the very first time in Bollywood.Ritesh said, \"The script will be registered with the Writers' Association before submission to avoid issues later. We will pay various writers to evaluate scripts. The whole idea is to lay emphasis on script-writing and screenplay. Even if we can make one film a year with the new talent, I think our purpose is solved. When we started it last year, we already had a bank of over 100 scripts. We have an option called `Coverage' which is the feedback of the script. It will be returned to the writer if we don't make the film.\"Before being selected, the scripts will go through three levels of scrutiny. The first deals with four writers giving feedback. On level two, Javed Akhtar will check the screenplay or develop it with other veteran writers. Finally, Farhan and Ritesh will see the possibility of converting it into a film in the last level.\"We have created a special account called script@exlent.com for writers to send their scripts to be scrutinised in different levels,\" Sidhwani added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "12118996", "title": "Tea workers protest NID project on garden land", "text": "JORHAT: Hundreds of workers of Tocklai tea garden on Friday staged a massive protest at the proposed National Institute of Design (NID) site here in protest against the government's move to set up the institute by encroaching on the tea garden's land.The garden workers also organized a protest meet at the Tocklai public playground and threatened to launch a strong agitation if the government tries to acquire tea garden land to set up the institute in the future. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh laid the foundation stone of NID in February 2011 at Tocklai tea garden, about 3km from Jorhat town, and the administration acquired more than 93 bigha of land in the garden for the project.Several tea tribe organizations like Caah Shramik Mukti Sangram Samiti (CSMSS), All Assam Tea Tribes Students' Union and Bagisha Shramik Santha have been opposing the government's move acquire vast tracts of tea garden land for construction of projects and demanded the venues of such projects be changed to avoid damage to gardens.CSMSS convenor Sanjoy Krishna Tanti said, \"We have been demanding that the government change the NID project site in order to save the tea garden from a severe loss. If the project is constructed at the proposed site, hundreds of tea garden workers will be affected.\"He added, \"We always support development and will extend full cooperation for construction the project in Jorhat. But we can't allow the government to encroach on tea garden land; there are several other suitable places in the district for construction of the project. We are ready to face any consequences to stop the government from acquiring tea garden land. We have already decided to take up a massive agitation to put pressure on the government on the matter,\" he said.In December last, a 15 member delegation from the CSMSS had met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, leader of the opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and asked them to address their demand to stop requisition of tea garden land in Jorhat. They had also submitted separate memorandums to the national leaders to take steps on the matter and the leaders had assured them their demands would be considered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12116643", "title": "Defence ministry asks armed forces to prioritize purchases", "text": "NEW DELHI: Days of frenzied defence purchases by India may be over, at least for the immediate future.According to sources, the committed liabilities -- money to be paid for contracts already signed -- of the Indian defence budget has reached almost 65-70% of the total capital outlay. As a result, the defence ministry has told the armed forces to \"prioritize\" their purchases.India has been among the world's biggest defence buyers for the past many years, thanks to the regular hike in defence budgets and efforts to make up for the 'lost decade' of the 1990s, when defence modernization had come to a virtual standstill. Since the Kargil conflict of 1999, the military stepped up its shopping spree in the international market. Between 2006 and 2010, India bought 9% of all arms imported in the world, emerging as the largest weapon importer ahead of China.However, serious financial issues have now cropped up to slow down this spending spree, say sources. An official pointed out that India's committed liabilities for purchases made in recent years is now hovering around 65-70% of the total capital outlay. Last year, the total capital outlay for the three services was Rs 69,198.81 crore. The total defence budget, which also includes revenue allocation, was Rs 1,64,415.49 crore.Government sources said MoD has told the Army, Navy and IAF to \"prioritize\" their purchases. Instead of the frenzied push for every purchase, the three services will have to clearly prioritize what they want urgently, an official said. \"The MoD has been telling them about the need to prioritize for some time,\" he said.Officials said this also would call for taking a relook at future projections. \"We will have to think of them, and rationalize so that we are able to buy them within the allocations,\" the official said.Sources said the sudden induction of new systems could also cause trouble to the budget balance, especially between the capital and revenue outlay. They pointed out that the new inductions mean they would require higher revenue allocation for maintaining the systems.The sobering realization comes at a time when the government has already moved to cut the defence budget by a few thousand crores to meet the rising fiscal deficit challenges. The unusual move to cut defence budget during a financial year will only further slow down military purchases.Indications are that the defence budget for the coming year would rise by about 10% from the allocation for 2011-12, while the capital outlay would rise by about 15%. Other than catering for inflation, the hike would mean no significant increase. \"So we may have at best about 35% of the capital budget for new purchases,\" a source said.This situation has arisen because of major purchases, mostly by the Navy and the IAF, in recent years. The two forces, and the Army to a minor extent, have undertaken major purchases of ships, aircraft, helicopters, missiles and other systems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117585", "title": "4 teens injured in car race in Worli", "text": "MUMBAI: Four teenagers, including two girls, were injured when the two cars in which they were reportedly racing collided on Abdul Ghaffar Khan Road in Worli early on Friday. The police took the four to Breach Candy Hospital, where they were treated for minor injuries. Following this, they were taken to the police station for inquiries.The police said the four had been partying minutes before the accident and were heading to south Mumbai for another do. The incident occurred around 3am when the two cars-a Honda City and a Honda Civic-collided after the drivers lost control of their vehicles while negotiating a turn.The four seem to be college students, said the police. \"The Honda City was being driven by Jamila Pitalwala (18), while Nagesh Nanzi (18) was sitting next to her,\" said an officer. \"Faiz Patel (19) was at the wheel of the Honda Civic while Sanchi Gandhi (19) was sitting next to him. The four reside in south Mumbai.\"\"The accident occurred due to racing. We are awaiting medical reports to confirm if the teens were drunk at the time of the mishap,\" DCP (Zone III) Kishore Jadhav said.The four have been booked for rash and negligent driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117277", "title": "City cops raid, attach Cong leader Kripa\u2019s 11 properties", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai police's Special Investigation Team (SIT) raided and began attaching properties owned by senior Congress leader Kripashankar Singh and his family in the city on Friday, just a day after he had moved the Supreme Court for relief in the multi-crore disproportionate assets case he and his family are facing. Kripashankar was in Delhi at the time.The raids, aided by Crime Branch officials, began at 7.30am, perhaps in an attempt to take action before the apex court took any decision. Officials have identified 17 addresses across the state and country where Kripashankar and his family own commercial or residential property, and 11 were raided and attached till late Friday evening. Raids will continue on Saturday.Investigators swooped down on Sai Prasad building, Bandra (East), where Kripashankar and his family lives and allegedly also own two benami flats. The police team also raided the 5,000-sq-ft plush Tarang bungalow off Carter Road, owned by Kripashankar's son Narendra; Kingston-B, Powai, where Kripashankar had got a flat under the chief minister's quota and a second flat was bought by family members; Jupiter, Vile Parle (East), where Narendra owns a duplex with a terrace; and Oceanic, Bandra (West), where Narendra has a flat. Two BMWs were seized from Tarang.The raiding party also uncovered about 400 bullets and two licensed revolvers at Oceanic and Tarang, and the police will now probe how, where and why so many bullets were procured. Sources said the SIT will also verify, through security guards and others at Sai Prasad, if there is truth to reports that documents had been destroyed on Wednesday.The Bombay High Court on February 22 ordered Mumbai police chief Arup Patnaik to file an FIR against Kripashankar under the Prevention of Corruption Act for \"criminal misconduct\" and his family members for abetment. The HC was hearing a PIL that alleges Singh and his family own assets disproportionate to their income. The court also asked for the Singhs' immovable properties to be attached. Accordingly, the FIR was lodged on Tuesday at Nirmal Nagar police station, Bandra (East). It names Kripashankar, his wife Malti Devi, son Narendra, daughter-in-law Ankita, daughter Sunita and son-in-law Vijay and levels charges of criminal breach of trust by a public servant, criminal conspiracy, forgery, cheating and destruction of evidence.The posse of policemen stuck attachment notices under the Prevention of Corruption Act at the raided places. \"We carried out the raids to find out if there are any incriminating documents and to begin investigations. We need to start assessing the properties' documents. The raids will continue for a few days as there are a few more properties,\" said an officer. Patnaik has to submit a status report to the court by April 19.Sources said that, with regard to the alleged benami flats in Sai Prasad, the SIT would call the owners and record their statements. As soon as the media assembled outside Sai Prasad, a crowd gathered and the police had to control traffic flow. A few of Kripashankar's loyalists arrived to give moral support to his family.The PIL filed in 2010 by activist Sanjay Tiwari alleges that Kripashankar and his family have amassed properties worth Rs 320 crore. It also alleges that transactions worth crores have been made in accounts kept by Malti and Narendra and that Kripashankar received large sums from former Jharkhand chief minister Madhu Koda, who was arrested in a money laundering case.Sources said that the SIT will also be taking the help of police in other states to search the Singhs' properties at Jaunpur and Lucknow in UP and Ranchi, Bihar. The SIT will take the help of a chartered accountant, to be provided by the Maharashtra government, and the Anti-Corruption Bureau, which probed the Singhs' assets.Enforcement Directorate and Income Tax officials are also inquiring into the Singhs' assets. Singh makes Rs 45,000 a month as an MLA. He came from UP to Mumbai in the 1970s and hawked vegetables and did manual work. He rose in the Congress and became an MLC in 1994 and later an MLA. He has served as a minister of state and the Congress's observer in Jharkhand. His son once made Rs 1 lakh a month as a pilot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12118840", "title": "TCS to sign MoU with MP govt soon", "text": "INDORE: Information Technology giant Tata Consultancy Service (TCS) will be signing the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Madhya Pradesh government for setting up its Special Economic Zone (SEZ) in Indore next week. The government had earlier signed an MoU with Infosys last month for setting up a centre on 130 acres of land.The state government has provided 100 acres of land to TCS in the super corridor area. It is learnt that TCS will start developing the land after signing the MoU and taking formal possession.Infosys on the other hand, has already carried out site's inspection and is learnt to be waiting for the Centre's approval for SEZ for their project. The board of approval (BoA) of the union ministry of commerce and industry headed by commerce secretary Rahul Khullar will meet on March 13 to take a final call on the issue.Talking to ToI, AK Rathore, SEZ commissioner, Madhya Pradesh, said, \"I along with a revenue official from the Indore Development Authority ( IDA ) had visited the area to conduct site inspection in connection with Infosys yesterday. During the inspection, we verified physically that the land was contiguous and no construction had taken place there, nor there was any thoroughfare lying in the area. We have sent the report of site map verification to the Centre.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "q", "code": "12120941", "title": "'Uniforms have enhanced the dignity of teachers'", "text": "Q: You seemed to have settled down well as secretary, school and mass education. Why do you think you were transferred when the panchayat polls were underway?A: Transfer is an incidence of service. It happens. Why should I look for reasons? This is the fact.Q: But there were allegations that schoolteachers pressurized government bosses to remove you. What do you think about it?A: I am not the right person to comment on that. Government orders are supreme and I carry out orders to the best of my ability, sincerity and dedication. Beyond that I don't think much.Q: Did you have any unfinished agenda in school and mass education, something you wanted to do but did not get the time?A: We had started lots of work. Through team work, we achieved certain things and gained appreciation from all quarters. I have a deep sense of satisfaction about my stint in the department.Q: Do you think you could do justice to all aspects of the department?A: We focused on primary education and certainly made some difference. Secondary education needs more focus; the government has planned certain measures like beautification of school campuses and further streamlining of midday meal scheme. I am sure those things will be done in the days to come.Q: Why is it that you court controversies wherever you join and have running battles with your immediate political bosses?A: I don't think it is at all true. We are bound by laws. I am an obedient government servant and always work within the framework of rules and regulations. I have never disregarded my bosses or overstepped my limits. Which is why, I received tremendous support wherever I worked.Q: One of the much-discussed initiatives during your period as school and mass education secretary was introduction of uniforms for schoolteachers. Why do you think uniforms were necessary?A: Basically, we wanted to ensure discipline in the system. Wherever I worked I have stressed on discipline as it is the core issue for any institution. We cannot achieve the deliverables without discipline. Moreover, uniforms have enhanced the dignity of teachers and given them a new sense of identity. This has contributed in a positive way to the overall atmosphere of education. The general public has appreciated it. I have the self-satisfaction for being part of that initiative.Q: So, should we now expect a similar thing for college teachers?A: No..(laughs)....not necessarily. I have not given it a thought.Q: Why the need for uniforms to discipline schoolteachers? Would you advocate uniforms for all categories of government employees?A: Uniforms have certainly increased schoolteachers' dignity. Discipline is imperative for all, but not everywhere uniforms will work.Q: You have worked in different government institutions at different levels. What do you believe are the reasons for so much indiscipline in the system?A: I feel accountability is lacking. We have to be honest to our job chart. When the government is giving some responsibility to some employee, it expects the individual to fulfil it. We have to shoulder that responsibility effectively and address our clientele.Q: You have earned a no-nonsense reputation and instituted disciplinary action against lots of schoolteachers. Do you feel it was required?A: Majority of the teachers are good and that is why the system is working. We issued appreciation letters to large number of teachers. I visited 19 districts during my 19 months in the department. The percentage of teachers who faced disciplinary action is very less. We were forced to take action because of absenteeism or recalcitrant behaviour. But I can tell you nowhere action was taken without due inquiry. We took action as the government is spending a lot of money and expects teachers to deliver.Q: From school and mass education, you are shifted as secretary, higher education. What do you feel are the deficiencies plaguing higher education in Odisha and what would be your priorities?A: I have just joined as secretary, higher education, and will take some time to understand the issues. My predecessors did commendable work in e-governance. A major concern is vacancies in teaching and non-teaching posts. Besides, grievances of employees have to be addressed and timelines fixed. Now there is no timeline. We would set deadlines for completing each item of work to reduce harassment. Every Saturday, a grievance cell would be open for public and their grievances redressed within stipulated period of time. Quality education is also an area of concern.Q: What are your plans to improve the functioning of universities in Odisha?A: I am analyzing the issues. The government will surely take action and try to ensure accountability at all levels, be it teaching or non-teaching staff. I have already visited the Ravenshaw University, Cuttack.Q: The annual Plus Two examinations begin from Friday. What arrangements have been put in place to ensure smooth conduct and curb malpractices?A: I reviewed this at the Council of Higher Secondary Education (CHSE) and it was decided to increase the number of mobile squads. The council will have to prepare consolidated reports on the mobile squads' activities on a daily basis. Once the exams are over, we will focus on capacity building of college principals to further improve the system.Q: How do you plan to regulate functioning of private educational institutions, which are allegedly flouting rules?A) There are several challenges facing higher education. I am sure there are solutions to all problems. We will begin a consultative process and frame requisite guidelines to make a positive difference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12118796", "title": "VHP, Shiv Sena protest against Osama film shoot in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Oscar-winning Hollywood director Kathryn Bigelow may have chosen India over Pakistan to shoot 'Zero Dark Thirty' or 'ZD 30' to avoid problems arising out of strained US-Pakistan relations but she found herself in a tough situation even here in the city, almost 600km away from the setting of the film Abbottabad.Protests marred shooting for the second day in Chandigarh's Manimajra area - which was converted into the set for the film resembling a Pakistan city - as traders raised objections to signboards of their shops being replaced with those in Urdu and members of the local units of the Vishwa Hindu Parishad and Shiv Sena protested the recreation of a Pakistani town here.Bigelow has been shooting in Chandigarh since the last few days but protests began only on Thursday.Shiv Sena and VHP activists raised anti-Osama bin Laden and anti-Pakistan slogans and tried to manhandle the crew members. Shooting began again after the police restrained the protesters. Later, the unit paid Rs 7 lakh to the Manimajra Beopar Mandal, the umbrella body of all the shops in the area.\"They are trying to represent Chandigarh as Pakistan and this is intolerable,\" said VHP representative Vijay Bhardwaj. \"Protesters wanted that Pakistan flags should not be used and they have been assured that they will not be used while shooting,\" said Rajesh Shukla, station house officer of Manimajra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12121374", "title": "Burglars decamp with jewellery, cash worth 10L", "text": "JAIPUR: As the family of a businessman went out for about one and a half hours on Friday morning, burglars sneaked into their locked house and decamped with cash and jewellery worth Rs 10 lakh.The theft took place at the house of Manohar Lalwani at Basant Bihar Colony in Gopalpura Bypass area between 9.15 am and 10.40 am. Manohar Lalwani and his family members had gone to some work leaving the house locked when they returned they found the house ransacked . Police are yet to arrest the burglars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12117958", "title": "9-year-old brings mythology alive with stroke of brush", "text": "NAGPUR: God's Gift, an art exhibition showcasing sketches and paintings of a nine-year-old child, whose drawings were repeatedly rejected by various drawing competition organizers. The only reason being, it was hard for them to believe that the drawings were made by a child.The sketches and paintings of Samarth Chandel, a Std IV student of Centre Point School will be on display at the South Central Zone Cultural Centre Art Gallery on March 3 and 4.The main theme of most of Samarth's sketches is mythology, and the detail he puts into them is exceptional. \"I find mythology a magical experience. And I try to recreate it in my drawings,\" said Samarth softly. He added that he draws his inspiration from the stories told to him by his grand mother and mother.\"He started drawing even before he started to speak,\" said his mother Anamika Chandel. His father, wing commander CS Chandel chipped in, saying that Samarth drew on every empty space in a paper he could lay his hands on.His teachers said that at first they couldn't believe he could draw so well. \"His talent is just unbelievable and his imagination and perspective is beautiful. Once, I asked the students to draw a rainy day scene. While other students drew the usual kids playing in puddles of water and paper boats, Samarth drew boats near a sea shore surrounded by wind. When I asked what it is, he replied that it is a scene of Bombay dockyard on a rainy day,\" said Kshitija Kalikar, one of his drawing teachers.His father said that Samarth loves history and he prefers to draw from his imagination. \"He reads about the histories of various countries from books and the internet. Then he picturises it in his mind and draws. He doesn't like to see and draw,\" said CS Chandel.His exhibition will be inaugurated on Saturday by Aruna Upadhyay, director, Center Point School at 12pm. Radhika Mehra, principal, CPS said, \"This is a God given talent and when our director saw Samarth's sketches she said that he needed to be given exposure and his talent should be recognized.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12118753", "title": "Students being forced to mug up: Chetan Bhagat", "text": "BHOPAL: Students can progress in their career with better presentation and good personality. Renowned writer Chetan Bhagat expressed it while addressing the gathering at the seminar 'Redefine Yourself' organised at Ravndra Bhawan on Friday.Organised by a private educational institute, Bhagat in his address highlighted the importance of a good personality in achieving success. \"The percentage of students scaling height in their career with better presentation and good English language is more than other students,\" Bhagat said. However, he added that only good personality cannot bring success in life.\"Besides better presentation and good language, students should work for improving their reasoning, building confidence and marketing tactics to achieve success,\" Bhagat suggested who had recently launched his book 'Revolution 2020'.During interaction with the students, Bhagat slammed the present education system. \"The Indian educational system is far from practical teaching. Students are being forced to mug up rather than learning,\" he said. He suggested students to learn things beyond books.Answering queries of the students, the writer of bestseller 'Five Points Someone', Bhagat said students should take failure in life as motivation. \"I was neglected by several publishers to get publish my first book. I took it as challenge and kept on pursuing them. Finally, a publisher accepted to publish my book which later turned out to be a bestseller. The morale of the story is that students should keep on trying after failures in their life,\" he said.He provided some tips also to improve English vocabulary. Talking about the Bhopal gas tragedy, Bhagat said that he raises the issue whenever he gets the opportunity.On the occasion, his new book 'Revolution 2020' was re-launched. Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, BCCI joint secretary Anurag Thakur, minister higher education Laxmikant Sharma, Bollywood actor Kanika Tiwari were among others present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12117561", "title": "VMC standing panel holds back key matters", "text": "VADODARA: Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) standing committee on Friday did not take a call and postponed discussion on several key matters, including that of restructuring of posts in the civic body. The committee also did not take a decision on a proposal to appoint a panel of architects to take care of VMC's infrastructure development.The administrative wing of the civic body had sent a proposal to VMC standing committee seeking that 17 posts in the civic body be done away with. At the same time, it had suggested that five new posts be created. However, the standing committee on Friday kept the issue pending and in all probabilities may amend it significantly.Standing committee chairman Vijay Shah said they were actually looking to fill some posts that the administrative wing of the civic body wanted to do away with. \"These include posts for architects. At one end, we are looking to appoint a panel of architects and on the other we are doing away with the existing posts in the civic body. We will weigh the consequences and study the proposal before taking a call on it,\" he said.Shah said the issue of appointing a panel of architects to look into VMC's own building work was also kept pending as the rates were very high. \"The architecture firms were supposed to be paid a fee higher than the prevailing market rates,\" he said.The committee also sought that a proposal to appoint a surveying agency for survey and measurement works for new town planning (TP) schemes should be re-tendered. This was done as there was large disparity in the rates mentioned by the two agencies who had made bids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12116343", "title": "Homes of Karunanidhi\u2019s former security officers searched", "text": "CHENNAI: Vigilance officials conducted searches at the residences of three former personal security officers of M Karunanidhi in the city on Friday as part of a probe into their purchase of Tamil Nadu Housing Board (TNHB) plots worth 75 lakh each in 2008, when the DMK president was chief minister.The security officers - DSP P Pandian and inspectors C Ganesan and C Vinothan of the core security cell in the special branch-criminal investigation department (SB-CID) - had purchased TNHB plots, each measuring two grounds (one ground is 2,400 sq ft), allotted in the Mogappair Eri Scheme under the government discretionary quota (GDQ), sources in the Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption (DVAC) said.Pandian, who had applied for the TNHB plot in the name of his wife Meena, paid the sum as a one-time payment. Police sources said the three entered into separate ventures with some other persons to buy the plots. While Meena was allotted the plot for her social service, the two inspectors availed themselves of the plots under the GDQ citing other reasons, sources said.Three special teams, each led by a DVAC assistant commissioner of police, began the searches at the officers' houses at 8am. \"We went there to check how they managed to pay the huge amount with their earnings,\" an officer said. Similar raids were conducted at the residence of a woman on Greenways Road in Raja Annamalaipuram, who bought Ganesan's plot for 1.90 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12116115", "title": "Teachers brand 5-yr-old boy for bed-wetting", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In an extreme case of corporal punishment, two teachers of a boarding school in Ranip - NK Ashram Shala - have been accused of branding and beating up a five-year-old student, Vishal, for bed-wetting and vomiting.The incident took place on Thursday morning. The boy told his parents that his teacher Anil thrashed him with a cane when he saw Vishal had wet his bed in the night. \"The brutal assault left welts on his buttocks,\" said Bapunagar police officials who are probing the case.Shocked and frightened by the beating, Vishal's health took a turn for the worse. Later on Thursday Vishal was targeted again when he had a vomiting fit in the school. This time, another teacher Jaikar allegedly branded him with a pair of hot tongs which he had got from the kitchen.The matter came to light when boarding school authorities called up Vishal's father Ganesh Parmar, a diamond worker and resident of Bapunagar. Of Parmar's three children, Vishal and Jinal (4) were studying in the Ranip school. School authorities said both the children were ill and should be taken home.At home the parents noticed they were quite frightened and on questioning Vishal showed them his bruises and burn marks on his body and narrated his tale of horror.Parmar then took his son to Civil hospital for treatment. On seeing the nature of injuries, the doctors decided to treat it as a medico-legal case and called the police. Ranip police inspector Sudarshansinh Vala said, \"We have registered a complaint against Jaikar and Anil. We are now investigating the charges levelled against them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "salua", "code": "12118235", "title": "CIF jawans \u2018let down\u2019 by officers", "text": "SALUA: CIF personnel repeatedly pointed out that after the February 24 skirmish with locals (which left 18 CIF personnel injured) IGP CIF S N Gupta had promised to ensure their security. Within a week they were not only attacked but their barracks razed.The first breakthrough came at midnight when Kharagpur police released three EFR personnel and a retired EFR jawan from detention. Minutes later, Salua locals \"handed over\" CIF jawan Kaushik Das, who was reported missing since the clash in the morning.At the Salua meeting, the EFR families were promised a CID inquiry into the molestation charge if they wanted. Their persistent demand that the CIF barracks be shifted out was also accepted. The district police top brass - SP CIF, IGP (armed police) and ADM(G) Subhanjan Das - attended the meeting along with Midnapore MLA Mrigen Maity, Kharagpur municipality chairman Johor Pal and Trinamool's Salua youth president Roshan Ghising.The officers repeatedly harped that infighting among police units doesn't augur well for any state. It is after the midnight breakthrough that the 117 CIF personnel were brought out of the IAF base.But the trouble was far from over. Dramatic scenes unfolded at Midnapore police lines after midnight when the CIF jawans were escorted in. Scared, weary and frustrated, they demanded to speak to their superiors for leaving them in the lurch.\"What molestation complaint are they (Salua locals) speaking about? It was a pre-planned effort to drive us out. They are our colleagues, how can they train their guns on us? We are alive today because of Air Force officers who gave us shelter. None of our own officers came to our rescue,\" the CIF jawans told Jhargram SP Gaurav Sharma, who was sent to pacify them.Unhappy with assurances of \"karwahi hogi\" (action will be taken), the CIF jawans demanded to meet chief minister Mamata Banerjee and stormed out of the police lines. It took hours of persuasion by seniors before they relented. They were allowed mass leave to help them tide over their anger. Early Friday morning, whatever could be salvaged from their ransacked barracks in Salua was given to them. CIF men were seen walking out of the Midnapore police lines in twos and threes, with backpacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "panaji/margao", "code": "12117314", "title": "Poll order: Mining traffic closed", "text": "PANAJI/MARGAO: Election authorities have ordered the closure of mining traffic for two days on the roads of Bicholim and Sattari talukas, to ensure the smooth conduct of assembly polls on March 3.All mining trucks will also stay off the roads in the mining belt of Quepem and Sanguem talukas on March 3.Sources said that the decision has been taken in order to enable all those involved in the mining business to exercise their franchise.In Bicholim and Sattari, heavy vehicles, comprising trucks and tippers, have been kept off the roads from 7am on March 2 and will continue to be off roads till 6am on March 4.The preventive order has been issued by deputy collector and sub-divisional magistrate, Levinson J Martins, stating that it is done in the interests of a smooth polling process and the safety of polling staff and the voters.\"It is important to ensure safe transport and prevent obstruction to shifting of election material and danger to life of voters, election and police officials on duty and their vehicles in both talukas,\" a source said.The polling teams have been dispatched along with the election material, including electronic voting machines, on Friday. The polling will be held on Saturday from 7am to 5pm.The teams from Bicholim, Mayem and Sanquelim constituencies and Poriem and Valpoi constituencies will return with the election material to the reception centre at Hirabai hall, Bicholim.The mining companies have been requested to ensure that they inform the truck operators about the two-day closure of mining traffic. The transport department has been instructed to serve a notice to mining companies and truck operators in both talukas. \"The police inspectors at Bicholim and Valpoi have also been directed to ensure compliance of the order,\" the source said.The heavy vehicles, comprising trucks and tippers will have to keep off the roads from 7 am onwards on February 2 to 6am on March 4Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "12118150", "title": "Slain ex-MLA\u2019s family relieved with HC order", "text": "BURDWAN: The wife and daughter of slain ex MLA Pradip Ta were satisfied with the directives of the Calcutta high court on Friday which stated that investigation of the Burdwan killings be handed over to the Criminal Investigation Department (CID).On Friday, a ceremony was held in memory of the slain CPM leaders Pradip Ta and Kamal Gayen in Burdwan which was attended by Nisith Adhikary and Nirupam Sen among others.Talking to TOI, Amal Halder, CPM district secretary, Burdwan, said that the party was satisfied with Friday's court directives. \"The high court will supervise the progress of the case and we have high hopes that truth will prevail and the guilty will be punished,\" he added.Pradip Ta's wife Chitralekha Ta and daughter Pritha also urged the CID to probe the allegations of misbehaviour levelled against the investigating officer of the case by them.\"The killers are roaming though my uncle has named 22 persons in the FIR,\" Pritha said. She said that the family was feeling insecure and her father had written a letter to the Burdwan SP SMH Mirza fearing that he will be killed. Pradip Tah had also sought protection a day before the murder.So far, the Burdwan sadar police station had been sitting idle after the twin murder on February 22 at Dewandighi and had not sought custody of the four persons arrested from the spot and named in the FIR, along with 18 others, lodged by Pradip Ta's brother Prabir.Four seperate FIRs were lodged at Burdwan sadar police station regarding the incident. Two FIRs were lodged on the day of the incident, one by the police against Pradip Ta for allegedly going ahead with the rally despite objection from cops. The other was lodged by a CPM supporter who was injured in the clash on February 25.Nearly four days after the incident, a team from the district detective department had visited the police station and probed about the incident. The department comes is under the CID. But till Thursday, the case was lying with the Burdwan sadar police station since the state government did not hand over the case to CID, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12118110", "title": "Special body mooted for suburban network", "text": "MUMBAI: Railway minister Dinesh Trivedi on Friday said the time has come to create a separate body for Mumbai's suburban services to make them more efficient. This could be done by forming a special purpose vehicle (SPV) with equity participation by the Indian Railways.Trivedi was in town to hold pre-budget talks with the chief minister as well as MPs from Maharashtra.Speaking to the media after a meeting, he said: \"It can serve as a model for other suburban networks. The operations can be managed by the Indian Railways while other aspects can be taken care of by a separate body.\" The government also wants the Churchgate-Virar elevated corridor project to be mentioned in the budget.CM Prithviraj Chavan said: \"We have requested the railway minister to set up a coach complex in Panvel on 17 hectares of land. We have also asked the railways to extend the dedicated freight corridor up to Sindhudurg.\" The CM said discussions were also held on the Belapur-Uran project and rail way corridors proposed under the Mumbai Urban Transport Project-III.Sources said the government has requested that the railways impose surcharge on MUTP-II as Cidco has to repay the amount it had generated by floating bonds.Rajya Sabha MP Y P Trivedi spoke about the rehabilitation of slumdwellers who lived on encroached railway land. Resources generated through commercial exploitation of the land that would open up could be shared by the railways, the state and private parties, it was said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12118195", "title": "Stay on rickshaw registration", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Friday stayed the MCD's registration process of all cycle-rickshaws in the city after it discovered the agency demanded very personal information from the owners.A special bench of justices S Ravindra Bhat and S Muralidhar, monitoring the implementation of the MCD's pilot project aimed at ensuring smooth traffic in various parts of the city along with non-motorized vehicles (NMV), including cycle rickshaws, stayed the MCD's February 14 circular for licencing cycle rickshaws.The stay came after Manushi Sangathan informed HC that the applications for registration ask questions including if the applicant is suffering from tuberculosis and for how many years he has been staying in the city.\"Don't implement this policy (of licencing) until you bring some changes in it,\" the bench said and stayed the MCD circular till March 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12118194", "title": "Accident chain kills 5 near Dhandhuka", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Five persons died and 10 injured in a triple accident on Dhandhuka-Fedara highway in the wee hours of Friday. The injured were rushed to Dhandhuka and Ahmedabad hospitals. Three are said to be critical as on Friday evening.According to Dhandhuka police, the incident took place at 5.30 am near Medara village when a speeding truck rammed into a jeep coming from the opposite direction. A Maruti Alto car behind the truck also rammed into the two vehicles. The impact was such that the drivers' portions in both the car and jeep was completely dismantled.\"Nearby residents rushed out of their homes and started the rescue work. The situation was so dire that many of the survivors were taken out after cutting the roof. The injured were rushed to the Dhandhuka government hospital and Civil Hospital and VS Hospital in Ahmedabad. We do not know the exact reason behind the accident as we are yet to record statements of the victims,\" said a police investigator.The deceased include Ishwar Chavda, Ishwar Patel, Rama Patel, Mahesh Bhatt and Kirit Patel. Most of the deceased were riding the jeep or the car. The accident resulted in a massive traffic jam in early morning as police officials from two police stations were deployed on the spot to divert the traffic and clear the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12121339", "title": "Education officers \u2018harassing\u2019 private schools", "text": "JAIPUR: District education officers here are openly flouting rules and regulations governing inspection of private schools in the city.While conducting inspections , these officers are seeking documents/affidavits which are not listed in the The Rajasthan Non-Government Educational Institutions Act, 1989. TOI has copies of documents revealing the wide difference between the provisions of Act for recognition of privates schools and a list of 25 documents prepared by education officers for the process.The documents prepared by education officers sought from the schools includes an affidavit stating that pollution level of the area around the institute is not mentioned in the act. Besides, they also sought 30 years lease agreement document, in case land is not owned by the school concerned. This clause of the Act was omitted in 2011.''The officers also asked to submit videos of our school buildings, ground and other facilities, which are not required under the law. The inspection process which could have lasted for hours only ran for two weeks,'' said a principal of a private school which underwent the inspection process recently.Such school authorities made efforts to bring provisions of Act into the notice of officers but in vain. In fact, asking for single-seated furniture for every student has put the schools in a jittery. The inspections of many schools were also postponed due to erratic process followed by the inspection team, according to some schools.Only a few schools dared to complain to education minister Brij Kishore Sharma, who met senior education officers and school authorities to sort out the matter on March 13.Sharma said, ''The Act is supreme and sacrosanct. The guidelines have to be derived from the Act. Any deviation from the Act amounts to violation which should be followed by imposition of penalties.''District education officer (Elementary) S C Meena agreed that they asking for some documents which are not listed in the Act and said, ''They are equally important for awarding recognition.'' He, however, passed the buck on to the state government saying that district authorities have no role in preparing the list of 25 documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bhidosa ( madhya pradesh )", "code": "12118994", "title": "From the king of the track to the ruler of the ravines", "text": "Bhidosa ( Madhya Pradesh ): \"My father, Jandel Singh, killed by Paan Singh Tomar.\" Grinning through a few missing teeth and in broken English, Birender Singh Tomar announces this gory association with the legendary champion-turned-dacoit with almost a sense of pride.Doing so, Birender also gives the forgotten Paan Singh a real face. A contemporary of Milkha Singh, the six-foot-one Paan Singh Tomar was a seven-time national steeplechase champion through the highly competitive 1950s. He represented India at the 1958 Tokyo Asian Games. His national record stood for nearly a decade, but the ex-Bengal Sappers subedar was to gain notoriety as a Chambal dacoit when he took up the gun after land feud in his village here.On the run, following a string of murders, he had a reward of Rs 10,000 on his head. For long, Paan Singh, who was killed in a police ambush in 1981, lay forgotten in death - no more than an entry in local police files. On Friday, he was resurrected by actor Irrfan Khan in Tigmanshu Dhulia's long-awaited eponymous film.When this reporter reached Morena - the district in which Paan Singh grew up and took to the ravines - posters of the film had not yet come up. It was just two years - between March 1979 (his first murder) and the fatal encounter in October 1981 - that Paan Singh was actually termed faraar (absconder) in police records, but long enough for him to gain acceptance in these gun-happy, land-grabby parts, as an arbiter of disputes.Paan Singh earned the title of 'mukhiya' who silently descended upon these far-flung villages, presided over panchayats and passed verdicts in local feuds and disputes. A local newspaper clipping from the times describes how he threatened revenge against one Girivar Sahu for troubling his man, Bhikam Singh. He signed off his threat as, \"Dasyuraj Pansingh, Chambal ka Sher.\"Local legend has it that his athletic prowess - his ability to run for miles and scale all kinds of obstacles in the ravines - left the police chasing shadows. He was also a crack shot who rarely missed, born out of years of training as an armyman. \"Bandook ko andhey tak bhi nahin laatey they woh. Bas uthaya aur fire kiya. Nishanatohlagtahitha,\" says son Souram Singh, 50-something but still revelling in child-like awe of his dad.It is ironical that while Paan Singh attained the status of mukhiya across Morena and Bhind - a leader but with no land - it's Jandel's sonBirenderSinghwhoisthe sarpanch at their village, Bhidosa. His clan faced the brunt of Paan Singh's slighted pride and sharp-shooting. The reason of the feud was a two-and-a-half bigha of land beside the village stream.Birender narrates how his father and uncles were gunned down during Holi three decades ago because they refused to return the piece of land. The 52-yearold's initial pride gives way to bitterness. He does not want to see the film on Paan Singh, but will see how truthfully his side of the story has been told. \"Humne film kya dekhni hai, humne toh dekhi hui hai,\" he says. \"Jaayenge toh achcha vakeel leke jayeenge.\"While the Bhidosa sarpanch has gone to Gwalior to find a \"good barrister\", Paan Singh's nephew and former gang member Balwant accuses the filmmaker of breach of agreement. Balwant,who was present when Paan Singh gunned down three people - Jandel, Havaldar and Babbu Singh Tomar in 1979 - and spent 20 years in jail, claims he has not been fully paid for selling his story to the filmmakers.For full story, see today's Crest edition", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12116421", "title": "Andhra Pradesh's plan to promote bureaucrats rejected", "text": "HYDERABAD: Stating that the number of ex-cadre posts in Andhra Pradesh was already in excess of the stipulated number, the Union ministry of personnel and training has rejected a state government proposal to hand super-time scale promotions to 1996 batch IAS officers.The state has 95 ex-cadre posts at present although the sanctioned strength is only 41.\"No other state has so many ex-cadre posts as AP. Despite repeated warnings from the Centre, the state government continues to dole out promotions to IAS officers by creating new posts,\" a senior official pointed out.Navin Mittal, Muddada Ravi Chandra, Luv Agarwal, M Dana Kishore, Sashi Bhushan Kumar, B Janardana Reddy, K Sunita, Vani Mohan, L Sashidhar and M Purushottam Reddy are the 1996 batch IAS officers who are awaiting promotions this month.Two days back, all seven officers belonging to the 1987 batch IAS, namely JS Venkateswara Prasad, Neerabh Kumar Prasad, Rajiv Ranjan Mishra, D Sreenivasulu, Aditya Nath Das, Vasudha Mishra and P Krishnaiah, were awarded super-time scale promotion.\"Only in Andhra Pradesh are the officers of a particular batch getting promoted at one go.\"There is no system in place to ensure that only the deserving get promotions,\" observed a senior officer who has returned to the state after long years on deputation with the Centre government.Now, the General Administration Department, which has been quite through all this, has to monitor all future promotions following the latest move by the Centre in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12119107", "title": "Man hits kin, attempt to murder case filed", "text": "BHOPAL: A man allegedly tried to kill his relative by hitting jeep with the victim's two-wheeler on Friday afternoon. The incident took place near PCC office at Link Road No. 1 when the victim, Kusmakar Chaurasia and his two colleagues, who were riding two-wheeler were going to deposit Kusmakar's daughter's fee. The colleagues of the victim were identified as Anil Pathak and Jawaharlal. The victim and the main accused Mahendra Kumar are relatives and have disputes.The accused then reversed the vehicle, bearing registration number UP93-F-5250, and tried to run the vehicle over the victim and two others, who had fallen down on the road. The victims sustained injuries in the mishap, but luckily none came under the wheels.The accused wife is victim's sister, the police said. The accused was reportedly annoyed with the victim over latter's attempt to meddle when Mahendra had arguments with his wife, the police added.All three injured were admitted to a private hospital. The MP Nagar police have registered a case under sections of attempt to murder against prime accused Mahendra Kumar on basis of Chaurasia's statement.There were two more unidentified persons with the accused in the jeep at the time of incident. Chaurasia is posted as a clerk with Maharajpur municipality in Chhatarpur district with two victims Pathak and Jawaharlal and the accused is a driver with the water resources department.Later, the MP Nagar police personnel reached the spot and admitted the three to a private hospital. A case of attempt to murder was filed against Mahendra. After the incident, the driver abandoned the vehicle and fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117245", "title": "Row at ad shoot over foreigners", "text": "MUMBAI: The cine wings of Maharashtra Navnirman Sena and Shiv Sena clashed on the sets of actor Priyanka Chopra's ad film shoot over employment of foreigners without permit on Thursday.According to sources, some members from the MNS, which has been fighting against hiring of foreigners in film and television industry, had assured the production house that shooting would go on without any interruption. They objected to the Sena-affiliated Maharashtra Television and Cine Sena (MTCS) members entering the set to check work permits of foreigners. \"We were alerted to the presence of foreigners on the sets,\" said MTCS chief Akshay Bardapurkar. However, MNS cine wing office-bearers denied the allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12118518", "title": "PID system is here to trap tax defaulters", "text": "BANGALORE: Tax defaulters, fall in line or face music. Bruhat Bangalore on Friday got the new property identity (PID) system in place.At the launch of the system, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda said on Friday: \"The PID system will help the BBMP to collect property tax from the defaulters. In Mysore, after documentation, the number of properties increased from 1.02 lakh to 1.76 lakh, of which at least 35,000 properties have been identified as government properties .\" He also expressed hope that the scheme will bring transparency in governance.About PID programme, the CM said: \"Bangalore is on global map for being IT-BT city. On the other hand, the city has also been famous for land grabbing, mafia and tax evasion. With the introduction of this system, the number of properties identified in the city has increased from 11 lakh to 16.19 lakh. It will not be possible now to evade property tax from BBMP, which is collecting Rs 1,200 crore from the same. The amount is likely to go up to Rs 3,000 crore.\" The CM also said that there are people who sit and crib about the condition of Bangalore roads. \"At the same time, these citizens have to comply with their duty of paying tax to get the civic benefits,\" he said.Digitization Of RecordsThe CM also announced that the urban property ownership record (UPOR) project, launched in Mysore as a pilot project last year, will be implemented across all the cities in Karnataka. The project pertains to digitization of urban property records. He said that UPOR cards will be issued to all the property owners in the state", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12119081", "title": "SIDBI inks deal to boost small enterprises in northeast", "text": "GUWAHATI: In an endeavour to boost micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME) sector in the northeast, Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) on Friday inked a deal with the North Eastern Development Finance Corporation Ltd (NEDFi).In accordance with the deal, the SIDBI will allot Rs 50 crore to NEDFi for refinancing the MSME in northeastern states. \"We are hopeful that the deal will be instrumental in fostering the MSME and micro sector in the northeastern region. The SIDBI is providing Rs 50 crore to NEDFi for the months of January, February and March. NEDFi is expecting a lot of new entrepreneurs and new MSME and micro units will come up in the region as a result of the deal\", said BP Muktieh, CMD of NEDFi.He added that the NEDFi wants to diversify source of funding and SIDBI has given access of a national level organization to the former for development of the entrepreneurs. At present, NEDFi has business facilitation centres in Aizawl and Gangtok. NEDFi has been able to produce 25 sucessful entrepreneurs through its business facilitation centre in Aizawl.\"NEDFi was growing at a rate of 30 per cent annually. It has business worth Rs 900 crore in the region. We are expecting that the total business of NEDFi will touch Rs 2000 crore in next three to four years,\" said Muktieh. The SIDBI is refinancing banks and other institutions across the country.Expressing happiness over the deal signed between SIDBI) and NEDFi, CMD of SIDBI Sushil Muhnot said that they are keen to utilize NEDFi as a platform in the northeast to reach out to young entrepreneurs. He added that SIDBI would assist industries whose starting business is between Rs 50,000 and Rs 10 lakh. Muhnot said the SIDBI will help in capacity building of the existing MSME units in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12119093", "title": "Bellad demands a place in cabinet", "text": "DHARWAD: Senior BJP MLA and party's former state vice-president Chandrakant Bellad who was so far making his supporters press the party bosses to include him in the cabinet has now come out openly and demanded that he should be made a minister.Now that Bellad's term as the chairman of Karnatak State Border Area Development Authority (KSBADA) has come to an end on February 27 Bellad is making a last ditch effort to don the minister's role. Vice president of Akhila Bharata Veerashaiva Mahasabha Bellad is serving his fourth term as MLA.A staunch supporters of former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa, Bellad had hoped that he would be suitable rewarded with a position in the government. After not being able to accommodate him in the cabinet the then chief minister B S Yeddyurappa had specially created the Karnatak State Border Area Development Authority and appointed Bellad as its chairman.After the resignation of two lingayat ministers C C Patil and Laxman Savadi from the cabinet Bellad has staked the claim in the cabinet under Lingayat-cum-Yeddyurappa's supporters' quota. He also maintains good relations with leaders of other factions.Speaking to The Times of India on Friday Bellad said the chief minister and party's state president should recognize his contributions to the party and ensure that he is rewarded with suitable portfolio. \"This is the way to improve the dented image of the party. The leaders should project and promote the honest and dedicated party legislators,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12118152", "title": "AMC garden dept under scanner for graft", "text": "AHMEDABAD: One of the most low-profile departments of Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC), the garden department, is now under scanner, due to complaints of malpractices.For the last many months, the department has been procuring \"dust free\" sand to be used in city gardens. Each time the material is procured, orders worth Rs 50 lakh are placed with a fixed number of contractors. Ideally, with such large orders it has been mandated that the municipal corporation invite tenders, but this procedure, interestingly, has been done away with in the last few procurements.\"We doubt whether such large consignments of dust-free sand were actually supplied. The garden department has just been issuing quotations. Orders worth Rs 50 lakh are too high an amount to be bought on a quotation for the last one-and-half-year,\" said a senior member of the recreation committee of AMC.The dust free sand, said AMC officials, is generally used in refurbishing walking and jogging tracks located within gardens in the city. Some are even used in various stadiums and playing fields.Not only this, the garden department has employed special tractor trolleys in different zones for which the AMC provides labor for collecting garden waste. \"This is not required as contractors who operate domestic garbage collection vehicles can also do the job, as there is no distinction between garden wastes or local or domestic wastes. We have suggested to do away with the tractor trolleys employed with the garden department as it is simply a waste of money,\" said the official.One-and-a-half-year ago, AMC had suspended garden director Jignesh Patel and some of his subordinates for financial mismanagement. Patel was accused of fudging tender documents, making false entries in watering contractors' log books and corruption in plantation drives in the city. In the absence of any audit, the inventory logs showed that 25 lakh saplings were procured at rates ranging from Rs 1 to Rs 15 per sapling over the last one year. After procuring them, a large part of the process was to maintain these saplings by employing contractors to water them.A preliminary inquiry had revealed that contractors never made their rounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12118783", "title": "CAG slams 'lax' deputy commissioners, forest department", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A CAG report has slammed the forest department and successive Gurgaon deputy commissioners for inadequate monitoring leading to illegal mining in the Aravalli hills and damage to forest resources from January 2006 to September 2009.\"The monitoring committee, headed by the Gurgaon deputy commissioner, had not reported any case of violation of the Environment Protection Act to the government. However, in three districts falling in the Aravalli area, 35 cases of illegal mining in nine villages, involving damage to natural resources worth Rs 1.39 crore, were noticed from January 2006 to September 2009 by divisional forest officers (DFOs) of Gurgaon, Mewat and Mahendergarh. Of these, three cases related to illegal operation of stone crushers in a 12,000 sq metre area involving damage of Rs 1.20 crore in Naurangpur (Gurgaon district),\" said the report tabled in the state assembly recently. The DFO, Gurgaon, had registered the reports about damage in September 2009, for violation of the Indian Forest Act, 1927, and Forest Conservation Act, 1980. These cases were pending in environment court in August 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12117066", "title": "Dry day extended till March 4", "text": "PANAJI: All liquor vendors in the state are required to close down their shops up to 12am on March 4, instead of 5pm on March 3.They are requested to take note of the same and ensure that so sale or display takes place on the premises.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "delhi/ghaziabad/rohtak", "code": "12118276", "title": "The angels who paved way for Amir\u2019s freedom", "text": "DELHI/GHAZIABAD/ROHTAK: Of the 19 cases accusing him of masterminding the 1996-97 serial blasts, the most difficult to cope with related to the blasts in Frontier Mail in Ghaziabad killing two persons. It took nine years for the Ghaziabad court to initiate the trial against Mohammad Amir Khan. By the time the trial started in April 2007, his father, the sole breadwinner in the family, had passed away. The lawyer, who had been engaged by his debt-ridden mother Maimuni Bi to appear in Ghaziabad, abandoned him after a newspaper report branded Amir a Pakistani national.In fact, the press report created such prejudice against Amir that nobody from the Ghaziabad bar was willing to represent him. It was in such adverse circumstances that veteran human rights advocate N D Pancholi came to his rescue in December 2007 after he was approached by a desperate Maimuni. Since he practises in the Delhi high court, it could not have been easy for Pancholi to take up a case which, for a nominal fee, required him to go to Ghaziabad twice or thrice a month spread over four years.Shortly after their association began, both Amir and Pancholi suffered medical crisis in their families. Pancholi's wife was detected with liver cancer. Though it forced him to cut down on his legal practice in Delhi, he made sure that he hardly ever missed the hearings in the Ghaziabad court. Amir became all the more dependent on him as his mother too was incapacitated by ill health. Maimuni suffered a stroke which left all her limbs paralysed.By the time Amir got acquitted in the Ghaziabad case last year, Pancholi had lost his wife. \"Whatever my personal problems, I could not afford to neglect this case because Amir had no fall back option,\" Pancholi recalls. \"Since the blasts involved in this case led to two deaths, Amir was charged with murder and could have easily been given life imprisonment without proper legal representation.\" Pancholi is now dealing with the appeals before the Delhi high court in the two cases in which Amir had been convicted.Another major benefactor for Amir was lawyer Feroz Khan Ghazi who had helped him get acquitted in 12 of the 15 cases booked against him in Delhi. Ghazi too was forced to devote himself full time to Amir's litigation, as there would be four or five court dates every week. What made it all the more demanding for him was that for \"security purposes\", the trials in all the cases related to the serial blasts were all held in Tihar Jail rather than Tis Hazari courts. \"It was an ordeal for me to keep trudging to Tihar, over a decade,\" Feroz says. \"But it was worth all the trouble as it paved the way to Amir's freedom.\"Once he was done with the trials in the 15 Delhi cases, Amir had to appear in four outstation cases: besides the one in Ghaziabad, he was the prime accused in two cases in Rohtak and one in Sonepat. Thanks to his precarious financial condition, Amir had no option but to settle for a legal aid lawyer to appear in the two Rohtak cases. Luckily for him, the gamble paid off as the legal aid lawyer chosen for him, Rajesh Sharma, showed enough commitment.In the course of his battles with the prosecution in the court, Sharma pointed out the curious fact that Amir had been declared a proclaimed offender although he had by then been in judicial custody for 13 years. After the acquittal in the first Rohtak case, Sharma was assigned the second case, which eventually led to his release from jail.In an unforeseen twist, Amir received a helping hand from a judicial member too in overcoming the second Rohtak case, which was the last legal hurdle to freedom. While making a routine survey of the jail in August 2011, the district and sessions judge of Rohtak, Meenakshi Mehta, was surprised to find Amir among the inmates. For, she remembered that six months earlier, she had acquitted him in the first Rohtak case. Following her administrative intervention, the trial in the second case was fast-tracked.Another legal aid lawyer who played a significant role in Amir's struggle for justice was Rajesh Mahajan. He persuaded the high court to reverse Amir's conviction in a Karol Bagh bomb blast case. Though the two never met, Amir got a measure of his contribution from the high court verdict delivered by a bench consisting of Justices P K Bhasin and R S Sodhi. \"The prosecution has miserably failed to adduce any evidence to connect the accused appellant with the charges framed, much less prove them.\"If Amir is today breathing the air of freedom, it is because a bunch of dedicated lawyers had helped him overcome the series of accusations flung at him with the thinnest of evidence.To be continued", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12118060", "title": "2.5 FSI plan for Thane may not work: Experts", "text": "MUMBAI: In a bid to regularize unauthorized construction in Thane city, the state urban development department (UDD) has recommended a 2.5 floor space index (FSI) incentive scheme for old and dilapidated buildings.A report of the committee headed by the director of town planning was forwarded to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan last month, said Mantralaya sources.However, town planners, architects and developers in Thane said the 2.5 FSI would not solve the problem of unauthorized construction. In 2005, Ulhasnagar was granted an FSI of 4. But officials said such a high FSI was not possible for Thane as its infrastructure was not well-developed and the city did not have such a high-carrying capacity.Planners and architects argued that areas such as Wagle Estate, Rabodi, Kalwa and Mumbra had already consumed FSI of 4-6. A Thane civic official said the government risked being called \"biased and discriminatory\" should it fix a cap of 2.5 FSI for the city's redevelopment.\"The MMRDA's rental housing project in Thane has been granted an FSI of 4. The state agency is building homes on open plots. Key issues such as infrastructure overload, population density, future traffic problems etc were never considered when the higher FSI was granted,\" said a source.The bureaucrat said in the case of redevelopment of old buildings, the developer would have to fund the rehabilitation of tenants, including free homes. \"It is unlikely that any developer would come forward to redevelop old properties given the cap on FSI. So, in effect, the government initiative would be restricted on paper.\"Officials said the BMC rule for old/dilapidated buildings should be made applicable to Thane; it would ensure a profit for the builder and provide an incentive to carry out redevelopment. UDD officials said the incentive FSI would not be given to buildings that had come up on plots reserved for public amenities and CRZ land, besides buildings close to hazardous industries. \"A little over 5,000 buildings are expected to benefit from the incentive FSI,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12117358", "title": "MHT-CET forms to be available from March 19", "text": "PUNE: The process for sale as well as submission of application forms for the Maharashtra Health and Technology - Common Entrance Test (MHT-CET) 2012, will commence from March 19 to 31.The director of medical education and research (DMER), which is the competent authority for the test, had issued a notification on January 16 declaring that the test will be held on May 10. However, a detailed programme for the same was awaited.A fresh notification has been issued on March 1 detailing the MHT-CET programme. Students from the state can get the application form and information brochure from their respective junior colleges/high schools while those from outside Maharashtra have to secure the same from the designated divisional authorities.The MHT-CET is a combined entrance test for admissions to health sciences, engineering and pharmacy degree courses. The merit list drawn from this test is also used for admissions to the bachelor of veterinary science and animal husbandry course.A centralised admission process (CAP), which follows the test, is conducted independently by the DMER for the health sciences seats and by the director of technical education (DTE) for engineering and pharmacy seats.Last year, over 3.02 lakh students from within and outside Maharashtra had enrolled for the test. The state has close to 325 engineering colleges, which collectively account for over 1.21 lakh seats.Similarly, there are more than 300 health sciences institutions including those offering medical, dental, homeopathy, ayurveda, unani, and siddha studies while the pharmacy colleges are numbered at around 150.These figures are likely to vary after professional regulators like the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) announce the sanction of new colleges, variation in student intake and courses by end of June this year.For engineering and pharmacy course aspirants, the DTE has declared that students, who were born in Maharashtra and have passed their Std X and XII exams in the state, will not be required to produce domicile certificates for being part of the MHT-CET. The school leaving or a bonafide certificate issued by their institution will suffice.The DTE has, however, clarified that it is desirable for such students to furnish either the domicile certificate or the birth certificate at the time of submission of their application form for admission through the CAP for AY 2012-13.For medical degree course aspirants, the students who have passed their Std XII from Maharashtra but Std X from outside the state, will have to furnish a domicile certificate to be able to appear for the MHT-CET 2012. The latest notification, however, clarifies that a domicile certificate won't be required in the case where a student has cleared Std XII as well as Std X from the state.Students, who are not residents of the state, won't be eligible for the health science courses even if they have passed their Std XII from Maharashtra, the notification stated.Similarly, students who clear their Std XII from outside Maharashtra, won't be eligible for the health science courses irrespective of their domicile status as a citizen of the state, the notification added.The government has made exceptions to this clause in the form of the defence candidates; students from the Maharashtra-Karnataka border area; children of employees of the central, state and Union territories governments.The outside Maharashtra state (OMS) students aspiring for engineering seats will be considered for admission against the institute-level seats only at private unaided colleges. Similarly, the OMS candidates for pharmacy courses will be considered for admission to the 15% OMS quota through the round I and II of the CAP, the notification stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12118550", "title": "Attackers came from Bellary?", "text": "As rumours flew thick and fast, the needle of suspicion is being pointed at cars reportedly parked around the City Civil Court complex and earlier at Ulsoorgate police station on Friday.Most of these cars have Bellary registration numbers of KA-34 and KA-35 and police and some advocates now suspect that supporters of former minister Gali Janardhana Reddy may have created the ruckus.\"We found several cars bearing Bellary registration numbers parked at both places. They probably belong to those mustering support for the scam-tainted former minister. Several cars brought Reddy's supporters to the city and these men may have donned lawyers' robes to pose as advocates and then indulged in the violence. Mediapersons were their target and this was because there were several reports against Reddy after his arrest,\" said a senior advocate, who declined to reveal his identity. Police are still trying to get details of these cars which disappeared by late evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12117045", "title": "Environment and forest ministry to demarcate no-go areas for mining within a month", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union environment and forests ministry (MoEF) will demarcate the no-go areas for mining within a month. However, this time around, they have been rechristened as \"inviolate areas\".The exercise will be carried out by a panel chaired by environment and forest secretary T Chatterjee.The original no-go demarcation was scrapped since the coal ministry and industry had complained about it. Earlier, it was decided by Group of Ministers (GoM), headed by finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , to instead demarcate \"inviolate areas\", where mining would not be permissible.In the GoM meeting held on Thursday, it was decided that the process of demarcating the inviolate zone would be conducted within a month. The Chatterjee-led panel has been tasked to chalk out fresh criteria for the demarcation process that would decide how liberal the new regime is.GoM members also pushed hard for a revaluation of the environment ministry's decision not to open Mahan and Chhatrasal captive coal blocks in Madhya Pradesh. The ministry has been asked to review its decision for which another panel will be sent to the sites.Mahan had been allocated to the Aditya Birla Group and Essar in a joint venture, and the firm has made substantial investments in their power plants based on separate environment clearances. While the environmental clearance did put conditions about securing forest clearance, the GoM members noted that no concern had been raised for long, besides companies had pumped funds into the projects.Chhatrasal block has been allocated to the Reliance Ultra Mega Power Project but the environment ministry's statutory Forest Advisory Committee had recommended against clearing the venture as it impinges upon the Rihand reservoir apart from other concerns.The GoM would consider the two blocks' fate once the panel submits its report in 10 days.The GoM also discussed if power projects could be given clearance without assessing the environmental and forest implications of the linked coal blocks. It was suggested that a decision could be taken based on a pool of coal supply being assured in advance as long as the quality of the mineral needed for the particular power project was available in the pool.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12116977", "title": "Government denies AK Antony's office was bugged", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Friday denied that there was a bug scare in the office of defence minister AK Antony as claimed in a media report.\"Reports of bugging in South Block in a section of the media is hereby denied. Routine checks are conducted in the offices of raksha mantri and other officers in South Block. Nothing has been found in these checks,\" MoD spokesman Sitanshu Kar said in a statement.A senior MoD official said Military Intelligence routinely carries out checks for electronics bugs in the offices of the minister and other senior officials. The Intelligence Bureau also does electronic sweeps occasionally, he said. The last sweep by IB was about a fortnight ago, he added.\"There was no alarm and so there is no enquiry,\" he said, denying the magazine report which claimed that on February 16, a bug alarm went off when MI personnel were carrying out a routine check. The magazine report claimed that MI personnel were asked to go away and the minister's office called in the IB's counter-intelligence team.The report had claimed that both the IB and the defence ministry had begun high-level probes into the security breach, a fact denied by both the ministries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "12118920", "title": "Girl abducted two years ago found with Gondal couple", "text": "BHARUCH: A five-year-old girl, who was missing since May 5, 2010 from Ankleshwar, has been found from a childless couple, who were arrested in Rajkot in connection with a criminal case. Gondal police had arrested the couple on the charge of having committed robbery and murder of a 53-year-old woman at Moti Khilori village in the taluka. They disclosed about having kidnapped Priyanka, daughter of Khodabhai and Rekhaben Rawal, from Borbatha village of Ankleshwar taluka, about two years ago, during their interrogation.R L Pandya, police sub inspector, Gondal, said, \"Mahesh Vasava, 40, and Madhu Vasava, 36, had abducted Priyanka one year and nine months ago. They were raising her very well as if she was their own child. The couple earlier stayed at Borbatha village and were Khodabhai and Rekhaben's neighbour. We have handed over Priyanka to Ankleshwar police. The accused had abducted Priyanka not for ransom, but for the fact they did not have any child.\"Khodabhai Rawal said, \"We had lost all hopes of finding our child. When Ankleshwar police informed us about having found Priyanka, our joy knew no bounds. Now our child is seven years old.\"Mahesh and Madu Vasava have been booked for abducting the child by Ankleshwar police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12116881", "title": "Traffic diversions to begin from March 3", "text": "COIMBATORE: Due to heavy traffic on Krishnasamy road (known as Brooke Bond Road), city police have announced that it would be made a one-way on a temporary basis from March 3.Motorists, who enter from the Avinashi Road flyover, will have to take the Devanga higher secondary school Road and reach Mettupalayam Road through the road where Archana and Darshana theatres are located. From, Mettupalayam Road motorists should use Kamarajapuram Road to get to Chinthamani junction and Brooke Fields.Vehicles from Chinthamani junction can continue to use the Krishnasamy Road to reach the Avinashi road fly over. Motorists using the Mettupalayam Road can reach the Avinashi Road flyover, by taking the Shanmuga theatre Road, Devanga school Road and Krishnasamy Road.Vehicles from Kattoor-Ramnagar Road using Kikani school sub-way should not use Kamarajapuram Road. Instead they should turn right to reach Chinthamani junction and turn left to reach the Avinashi Road fly over.The city police commissioner TP Sundaramoorthy requested the public to cooperate. According to the police commissioner's press note, district collector M Karunagaran conducted a road safety meeting on February 12 where it was decided to divert traffic to ease congestion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117069", "title": "\u2018Govt harassing us on high seas\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A conflict seems to be building up between fishermen and multiple government agencies.The fishermen have levelled charges of harassment and extortion against the Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Ltd (ONGC), Coast Guard, Customs, Indian Navy and the police.Addressing a news conference on Friday, Damodar Tandel of the Akhil Maharashtra Machhimar Kriti Samiti alleged that fishermen were being forced to pay vast sums of money to ONGC officials, ostensibly for violating its boundary during the course of their trade.\"Although we never venture into its 3-km boundary we are made to cough up Rs 5,000 per worker. Many have been embroiled in false cases,\" Tandel said. \"We have installed GPS facilities on our boats and can detect the manipulation of the nautical-mile calculation,\" added Bernard D'mello, corporator from Mira Bhayander.Fishermen accuse the Customs, Navy, Coast Guard and Yellowgate police, who are empowered to check their licences and papers, of threatening to confiscate boats. On Wednesday, Tandel addressed his concerns before home minister R R Patil who assured that the police harassment would stop. \"If the harassment doesn't stop, we will shame errant officials ,\" Tandel said.Tandel claimed that the ONGC had left its oil wells unguarded in order to facilitate pilferage by its staff members. \"I met senior ONGC officials and challenged them to train their CCTV cameras on their oil wells,\" he added. ONGC officials were not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12116973", "title": "Big names face big fight in South", "text": "MARGAO: South Goa is witnessing a close battle for supremacy in several places, with many heavyweights sweating it out like they've never before.The Bhartiya Janata Party (BJP) has left no stone unturned in its bid to unsettle chief minister Digambar Kamat in his home constituency of Margao and to make inroads into Congress strongholds.Parrikar's presenceIn the last few weeks, opposition leader Manohar Parrikar has toured several Catholic-dominated constituencies in Salcete in a bid to wipe out the 'communal tag' from BJP's back, and has even paid visits to influential Catholic voters' homes in Margao.Gunning for the CMWhile BJP's Rupesh Mahatme will be the chief minister's main rival in Margao, former chairperson of Margao municipality, Savio Coutinho, who is contesting on the Trinamool Congress ticket, and independent, Ivo Coutinho, are likely to prove spoilers for Kamat.Analysts say Kamat's prospects will largely depend on what extent the two Coutinhos are able to dig into the chief minister's votes.Savio, in his poll propaganda, has been trying to play on Madgaonkar's sentiments, harping on the Costa ground issue and the proposed 20% hike in house tax.While Savio has a considerable support-base in Colmorod and Calcondem, including the Azad Nagar slum, Ivo is expected to poll votes from the upper class and upper-middle class, particularly from the Catholic community.If Mahatme manages to go past the winning post, it's going to be a major victory for the BJP and the biggest upset for the Congress.In other parts of Salcete, the picture is far from rosy for the Congress, with several big guns facing a close shootout.Churchill scared?In Navelim, PWD minister Churchill Alemao is fighting a lone battle against independent candidate Avertano Furtado who is backed by the BJP and who also enjoys the covert support of former Navelim MLA Luizinho Faleiro's camp.Alemao's recent outburst charging the chief minister with working against him is an indicator that the Salcete strongman's prospects are not bright. The 'family raj' issue apart, political observers say it is the sentiment against corruption that is running high in Navelim that may prove to be Alemao's nemesis.Power vs hospitalityNuvem is witnessing a battle royale with power minister Aleixo Sequeira locking horns with former tourism minister Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco. It's hard to say who enjoys an edge in the constituency.Felipe Neri's 'raid' alertIn Velim, water resources minister Felipe Neri Rodrigues is facing a tough time, with resentment among voters at an all-time high, particularly after the raids on the village's parish priest.The latter is to such an extent that Rodrigues has had to face the wrath of voters at a few campaign meetings in Assolna and Velim. He is facing a tough challenge from independent candidate Benjamin D'Silva who is also backed by the BJP.UnderdevelopedChances are not bright for urban development minister Joaquim Alemao either, with BJP's Subhash 'Rajan' Naik posing a formidable challenge. A strong wave of \"unplanned development\" prevailing in Cuncolim against Alemao could prove lethal for Alemao.Will daughter slip through?In Benaulim, Valanka Alemao is trying her luck in carving out a political space for herself, but is facing a tough contest with Goa Vikas Party's Caitan Silva, Trinamool Congress' John Fernandes and independent Hubert Gomes strongly pitted against her. Observers say a split in the anti-Congress votes may help Valanka scrape through by a narrow margin.Saffron attackIn Curtorim, incumbent MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco is facing a challenge from BJP-backed Domnick Gaonkar, while in Fatorda it's a mammoth task for the Congress candidate, Mortuza Shaikh, to wrest the seat from BJP MLA Damodar Naik.Nail-biting finishes?Further south, incumbent Curchorem MLA Shyam Satardekar is engaged in a fierce battle with BJP's Nilesh Cabral and the contest promises to have a nail-biting photo-finish.An interesting contest is on the cards in Sanvordem where independent Arjun Salgaocar is trying to take the mantle from his father Anil, the incumbent MLA. Sanguem and Quepem will also witness an interesting spectacle.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "madhepura", "code": "12116965", "title": "Congress leader holds yajna for Rahul\u2019s success", "text": "MADHEPURA: AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi might be slogging for the resurgence of his party in the Uttar Pradesh elections but here at Madhepura, one of his ardent followers held 'yajna' and 'havan' for success in Rahul's personal and political life.Former district Congress working president and former ward councillor Vishnudev Prasad Yadav alias Vikram held 'yajna' and 'havan' in his house's courtyard located at in ward no. 8 in Madhepura on Thursday so that the almighty blesses Rahul with both a bride as well as his party's electoral triumph in Uttar Pradesh.\"I wish the almighty blesses Rahul with a beautiful and charming wife and also pave the way for him to become the next PM,\" says the 50-plus Congress leader. Asked what exactly prompted him to organize a 'yajna', the diehard Congressman said, \"I firmly believe that marriage often changes the planetary position and brings in a turnaround in one's life. Now that Rahul is already 40-plus, he should surely get a wife.\"Yadav also wants Rahul to become the next PM after the 2014 Lok Sabha elections. \"At this point of time, when Rahul is really working hard for the party's revival in UP, the yajna could help him attain triumph in his political battle,\" he said. \"The yajna evoked tremendous enthusiasm among people who gathered at my place and took part in the religious rituals,\" Yadav said.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12118105", "title": "Witness withdraws plea from high court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A Naroda Patia case witness withdrew his application from Gujarat high court on Friday, as justice Anant Dave insisted that he should agitate his demand before the designated court that the Supreme Court-mandated SIT would place its final report on Zakia Jafri's complaint as well as action taken report on further investigation.Petitioner Salim Mohammed Shaikh claimed that further probe was sought in 2009 and in 2011 from the designated court hearing the Naroda Patia case, but SIT dodged the issue by claiming that further probe was underway. He also sought to know from SIT at what stage the further probe was. The special court did not issue specific directions to SIT on either occasions.However, the HC was not inclined to interfere in this issue at this stage and justice Dave opined that the petitioner should raise the issue again before SIT court, as the final report has now been submitted by SIT.The magisterial court, which is seized with SIT's final report, is to give his verdict on Saturday on making the report public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12117328", "title": "Angry Goans flock to anti-graft crusades", "text": "PANAJI: The hype and publicity created by the Team Anna campaign in its fight for the Jan Lokpal Bill some months ago has not been lost. It has helped draw in the crowd when its crusaders stepped onto Goan shores to spread awareness before the March 3 election.In Vasco, around 250 persons crammed into the hall at Vidhyadhiraj Bhavan. The audience comprised youth, students and educated people. No election candidate or politician was present.Ravika Singh, a student, said, \"Though we have no right to vote, by coming here we gained immense knowledge. Kiran Bedi informed us about the 49 (O) rule which speaks about 'no vote'. We can inform parents and friends about this. They can opt for this if they find that nobody in the list is an appropriate candidate to vote for.\"Dr R Menezes said, \"At times, it so happens that we vote with a sense of responsibility, but the person fails to live up to our expectation.\"Bedi asked Vascoites to organize town hall meetings once every three months with the help of IAC members and question their respective MLAs about what work they had undertaken as this would bring about a sense of accountability in them.The public meeting at Ponda-Tiska on Wednesday evening saw almost 5,000 people from Ponda and surrounding areas in attendance.People belonging to all political parties attended the meeting despite there being public meetings of their own parties held elsewhere. Vijay Gaonkar, a resident of Khandepar, said he had attended the meeting to express his support to the movement initiated by the crusader Anna Hazare. \"The India Against Corruption (IAC) movement dreams of a corruption-free government and I support the cause. The movement does neither support nor oppose any political party. However, the movement is against graft and I wholeheartedly support the movement,\" he said.T Narendra, a resident of Ponda, said the meeting had propagated voting for a good candidate rather than abstaining from voting. \"Voting is our right and we have to use it. But while casting our vote, we have to wisely choose the candidate on his personal merits and not by the name of the party,\" Narendra said.People from Bicholim and surrounding areas enthusiastically came out in large numbers to support the crusade against corruption. While people are known to be paid for attending a politician's rally, it was an entirely different scenario in Bicholim on Wednesday. \"I am confident that the agitation undertaken by Anna Hazare and his team will definitely end in success one day. I have attended this meeting to support this cause,\" said Dr Guruprasad Kapadi, a dentist from Bicholim.Another voter from Bicholim, Kamlakant Tari, said, \"We will help in this agitation to see a corruption-free country by the year 2014.\"In Margao, a packed audience gathered at the Narcinva Damodar Naik hall. Fr Mousinho Athaide told TOI that Goans should now retrospect. \"Team Anna is in Goa, only trying to tell voters that change can be brought about by electing good candidates and not through voting on party lines. Electing corrupt people from corrupt parties will only lead to further deterioration of the state which has already lost its natural charm to ills like illegal mining and deforestation,\" said Athaide.\"The overwhelming response at Margao only proved that people want to be part of the movement leading to a revolution. Goans are no longer sussegad and will show some of the worst politicians the door this time,\" said Rukma Dessai, a young voter from Margao, adding that she hoped that the IAC activists have sent out the right message at the right time.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12118099", "title": "Impact fee law challenged", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Another petition challenging the constitutional validity of the newly implemented impact fee law was filed before the Gujarat high court on Friday.The petitioner Shivlal Purohit, who filed a PIL demanding implementation of HC directive towards execution of traffic laws, has now challenged the Gujarat Regularization of Unauthorized Development Act, 2011. The enactment and implementation of this piece of legislation, second time in a decade, has rendered the proceedings on his PIL against illegal construction infructuous.Purohit's counsel Amit Panchal contended in petition that the new legislation is ultra vires the constitution of India and violative of Articles 14 and 21. The new law is opposed to the principles enunciated by the Supreme Court in various judgments.The petition stated that the consequences of the new law would lead to a catastrophic and irreparable situation, and would consequently be detrimental to the welfare, safety and health of citizens, which is again opposed to public interest.Acting on this petition, the HC has issued notice to the state government asking it to file reply within three weeks. Last year, advocate Vijay Nangesh filed a PIL against enactment of impact fee law. This plea is pending before the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12121312", "title": "HC notice to telcos on tower radiation", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of the high court issued a showcause notice to as many as 13 mobile companies besides central and state authorities on the issue of health hazards being caused by high frequency radiations emitted by mobile towers posing serious threat to public health and safety.The court order came on a PIL filed by a retired Judge of the Rajasthan High Court, Jusitce I S Israni and others. Counsel for Israni, Prateek Kasliwal told a division bench of Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice N K Jain (senior), ''The mobile towers are having no fixed criterion of emission of radiations and there were nine major directions given by the inter-ministerial committee in recent past but the same are also not being followed . It was directed that all the towers will have a display of the emission strength of the radiations. Permission should be sought before putting a mobile tower near school, in residential colony, and public places but the same were also not followed.''It was also contended that the radiations of mobile towers act like microwave rays and cook the brain as well as body cells resulting in brain, skin and other cancers, while also causing other congenital problems in infants and young children. The petitioners also brought it to the notice of the court that the central government passed certain rules to put a check on the irregular radiation emissions from these mobile towers but on March 23, 2011 a ban was placed by local bodies on taking any coercive action against the mobile companies.The petitioner also highlighted radiation norms being adopted in various countries and stressed on studies and illeffects of the radiation emissions from mobile towers on animals, plants and human beings . Looking at the gravity and the potent of threat to the human and animal lives the division bench has directed state and Central authorities to file a response to the writ petition within a period of four weeks.Petitioner Justice Israni also brought to the notice of the court that a legal notice was duly served upon the state and the Central authorities but no action was taken by them forcing him to approach the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bhavnagar", "code": "12118856", "title": "Clash victim dies", "text": "BHAVNAGAR: Victim of clash in Shiyanagar village of Gadhada taluka on Thursday evening died during treatment on Friday, following which police registered a case of murder. Victim Jorsang Pancha (55) was seriously injured along with two others when he was attacked by. The dispute was about a shop in particular area over which the deceased and the assailants had made their claims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12119079", "title": "Now, transfer deposit accounts easily", "text": "HUBLI: Indian Bank has got the 'account portability feature' in their core banking software. This will help transfer deposit accounts from one branch to another.This gives the customer the freedom to operate their account from any branch. The customer can shift accounts without change in the account number.The customer can approach either the home branch or transferee branch with a request letter to transfer the account. The home branch which has the customer's account certifies the documents while transferring the account to another branch.Address, contact number should be given to the transferee branch before requesting for a fresh cheque book. Existing unused cheque leaves has to be surrendered to the home branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12123307", "title": "Everyone appreciates good cinema: Arun Kumar", "text": "Arun Kumar, the director of Ee Adutha Kalathu, says it is a misconception that the audience will accept only certain films which follows a formula.\"The Malayali audience is very intelligent. Those who produce formula movies and expect them to be a success are those who don't know the pulse of the audience. There is no such thing as an upper class and lower class audience. Everyone appreciates good cinema, ultimately it depends on how you make a film,\" says the director, who is on his second outing after Cocktail. \"Don't complicate things in a movie and don't try to make fools of the audience.\"The reason why good films were made in the past is that there were no norms then. Movies of the past reflected real life, he says.Arun attributes the success of Ee Adutha Kalathu to the fact that he hasn't tried to rope in heroes and heroines. \" There are only characters in the movie, no larger than life figures. The casting was done after completing the script. The audience saw the characters and not the actors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "12117286", "title": "Panchayat member beheads wife in Lohardaga", "text": "LOHARDAGA: In a ghastly incident, a panchayat ward member beheaded his wife, a mother of three minor children, and offered her head to the gods at Rampur village in Lohardaga district. Police said it was too early to arrive at a conclusion on whether it was superstition or a family dispute that led to Jeetvahan Oraon (35) to resort to the killing.The accused is absconding. Oraon, who elected unopposed to the reserved seat of ward no. 4 of the Rampur panchayat, was described by family members as mentally ill. Town police officer in-charge Patras Nag, who visited the spot, said, the headless body of Saraswati Oraon (32) was found in a room, while her head was found in the other room.\"It appeared that Oraon offered the wife's head to gods as it was kept on the floor before the pictures of Hindu gods and goddesses on the wall. The pictures had blood marks on them. The axe used to behead Saraswati was seized at the spot. The body was sent for autopsy,\" the police officer said.Lakhna Oraon, who was not at home during the murder, said his son was mentally ill and had attempted to kill one Sweta Minz, a neighbour, about one and a half years back. \"After the incident, we took him to a mental hospital in Kanke, returning from where he was leading normal life. But it is unfortunate that I could not save my daughter-in-law, the mother of three children Shalini (8), Priyanka (5) and Sumit (2),\" he said. The panchayat member wanted to kill his children also but his wife managed to save them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12123249", "title": "Rima Kallingal turns business woman", "text": "The curly-locked actress of Mollywood, Rima Kallingal is now testing waters in business too.After trying hand at journalism, dancing, beauty pageants and acting, Rima is now trying her luck in fashion. The actress is coming up with her own designer label, 'Soul sisters' - a joint venture by Rima and two of her childhood friends, Swetha Vijay and Neetha Manoj.\"I'm excited to present my own label,\" says Rima. The three friends have handpicked each item from all over India. Some of Rima's close friends in the film industry like director Aashiqu Abu, and actors Asif Ali and Mythili are supporting the actress in her venture. She will put up a two-day exhibition of her collections in her native place, Thrissur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12118922", "title": "Fulfil last rail budget promise, say commuters", "text": "NASHIK: Raising concern over the failure of the Indian Railways in introducing a new train, the Rajya Rani Express, between Manmad and Kurla Terminus, as was announced in the last rail budget, the Rail Parishad, an NGO involved in redressing grievances of rail passengers, has now also suggested a shorter route for the proposed Nashik-Pune rail link. As against the 220km Nashik-Pune railway track proposed by the Indian Railways, the Parishad has proposed a 165km route between the two cities.\"This is the shortest route between Nashik and Pune, and this will help cut down the construction and recurring costs, along with the time required to travel between the two cities,\" president of the Parishad Bipin Gandhi claimed.With the railway budget to be announced shortly, the Parishad has stepped on the gas to draw the Railways' attention towards the demands of citizens of this pilgrim-cum-industrious city, which is now the fourth fastest growing city in the country, according to a survey. \"What Nashik badly needs is railway connectivity in all directions, as it is almost equidistant from every big city in every direction, like Mumbai, Pune, Surat and Aurangabad. For this, a terminus and a junction is the only thing that is required,\" Gandhi said, adding that the first step towards hosting a terminus and junction can shortly be realized in the form of the Nashik-Pune railway track.Gandhi said that the route planned by the Railways is nearly 15 years old. Besides, it has been planned through populated and developed areas of the state. \"The route includes Sangamner on its way to Pune. In fact, if the track is aligned from Sinnar (Nashik district) to Otur (Pune district) skipping Sangamner, it will be a cheaper option for the Railways and will not require much land acquisition,\" Gandhi claimed.He stressed the need to run special local trains between Nashik and Kasara and start an electrical multiple unit (EMU) between Nashik and Kasara via Wadivarhe. \"The existing railway track gains height after Kasara, for which extra engines are required. Skipping Igatpuri and constructing tunnels will ensure that the uphill climb is less steeper than that between Masjid and Sandhurst Road stations,\" Gandhi said, claiming that the suggestions were provided by Railways employees and officials themselves. He even appealed to the Railways to ask their engineers to join the team of the experts on the Rail Parishad.Gandhi suggested that the proposed Rajya-Rani train can be run between Nashik and CST all day, ensuring that the rake doesn't lay idle in Mumbai. \"They say Mumbai has no space to occupy rakes. Let it run between Nashik and Mumbai the whole day. The total run will be 745km, which will earn revenue for the Railways,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12116824", "title": "Punish erring students: Patna College principal", "text": "PATNA: Even as Patna College, the oldest institution of higher education in Bihar , has been striving hard to regain its past glory by ensuring its all-round development, a section of students is busy destroying the academic ambience of the college, said principal Lal Keshwar Prasad Singh here on Friday.Expressing his deep anguish over the indecent behavior of these students, he said that the entire campus has been defaced with all sorts of posters and wall writings. Singh condemned the attack on innocent students on Patna College campus on February 25 and demanded severe punishment to those involved in the incident. The principal said that he had been able to rid the college campus of undesirable elements by restricting the entry of outsiders inside the college.All students have to display their identity cards while entering the college. The college is providing them all the basic amenities, including clean drinking water. The college has got its own boring and water coolers are being installed in all the departments. With a view to promoting sports and games among the students, regular sports are being organized in the college.Gardens are being constructed at several places and more than 200 trees have been planted on the campus to make it green, he said. The college, which is celebrating its 150th anniversary this year, has drawn up a yearlong plan of organizing cocurricular and extra-curricular activities. Eminent personalities have been invited to deliver extra-mural lectures and a meeting of the college old boys is scheduled for March 25, he said.The principal said that he is getting full cooperation of Patna University vice-chancellor and other officials in his efforts to beautify the campus. He appealed to all the sections of students to contribute their mite for the development of this premier institution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ranchi/bokaro", "code": "12117435", "title": "Only 10% students appear for CBSE test", "text": "RANCHI/BOKARO: Teachers and principals of schools have requested political parties and displaced groups to avoid calling bandhs during the final examinations conducted by the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) and the Jharkhand Academic Council as it will create difficulty for students.As the CBSE Class X examination began on Friday, students appeared tense and busy in last minute revision. Doctors, however, have advised students not to take much stress and get good night's sleep. The district administration has beefed up security at examination centres for free and fair examination.KN Thakur, a psychiatrist in Bokaro, said students should avoid studying till late night. He also asked students to avoid stress. \"Take light and nutritious meal and have refreshments between studies,\" he said. One year since the introduction of the continuous and comprehensive evaluation ( CCE) system in schools under the CBSE, a major chunk of students have decided to skip the examination conducted by the board.On Friday, when the CBSE examination started, the usual flurry was missing. As many as 90% of the students opted for internal assessment instead of taking the board examination. Principal of Jawahar Vidya Mandir in Ranchi D R Singh, who is also the coordinator for CBSE schools, said hardly 1,500 students were sitting for the board examination this year.\"It seems students have gradually understood the benefit of taking internal examination,\" he said. J Mohanty, principal, DPS Ranchi, said students had a choice to opt for the board examination in case they were willing to go for higher studies abroad or planning to change the board after completion of school education but for those who wanted to continue in the same school, the CBSE has recommended internal assessment.Admitting that less than 10% students of Ranchi DPS have opted for examination conducted by the board, he said the number of students coming to the exam centre at DPS had also reduced considerably. \"Even last year, we made sitting arrangements for around 900 students but this year the number is around 300,\" he said.While students expressed happiness over the decision of taking internal assessment, parents and a few principals were worried about the future of their wards. \"The fear of board examination seems to have faded away because the schools are conducting internal assessment. However, the candidates will be exposed to tough board examination when they are in Class 12,\" said P K Tiwary, an armyman whose son is sitting for the internal exam at Army School.In Bokaro, as many as 59,840 students are taking board examination conducted by the JAC this year which is being conducted in 60 centres across the district. More than 70,000 students are appearing for Class X and XII board examinations conducted by the CBSE, JAC and the Indian Council of Secondary Examination (ICSE) in the district.Twelve candidates appearing for board examination conducted by the JAC have been expelled after being caught for unfair means. The examination began on February 22. There are 10,000 students appearing in Class X and XII CBSE board examination with 15 centres across the district. More than 500 candidates are appearing in board examination conducted by the ICSE. There are only two schools including St Xavier which are affiliated to ICSE in district, said sources. Deputy commissioner Sunil Kumar has appealed to students not to adopt any unfair means.\"Taking examination with cool minds will definitely bring good results. The students should not be tense,\" he said. City coordinator, CBSE, A K Singh said there were 51 schools affiliated to CBSE in the district. Of them, 6,912 students of Class XII and 3,686 students of Class X are appearing for board examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "shahjahanpur", "code": "12117918", "title": "BSP, SP locked in a pitched battle", "text": "SHAHJAHANPUR: Ask locals in Shahjahanpur what the district is famous for and they are quick to respond. Their first answer -- names of freedom fighters Ram Prasad Bismil and Ashfaqullah Khan -- is not surprising. The second, however, gives rise to much mirth. Grudgingly, though, local say the district has shot to fame as a result of the histrionics Mayawati's former minister Awadesh Kumar Verma indulged in.``He cried in front of the waiting cameras apologising to Behenji the day she gave him the boot. That is Shahjahanpur's, or Dadraul's, new identity,'' said Vijay Kumar, a trader in Shahjahanpur city. It's hard to tell where local sympathies lie, but Verma will have to do some heavy explaining, first for crying to Mayawati and then, promptly switching loyalties to the BJP.In Shahjahanpur, a tough battle is also on the cards for Mayawati. On Saturday, she will defend four of the six assembly seats her party won in 2007. After showing the door to Verma in Dadraul, BSP has fielded 46-year-old Rizwan Ali, hoping to woo the 50% Muslim voters in the constituency. Congress's Kaushal Kumar Mishra will be in the fray as well, attempting to win the party its first seat in the district.Also contesting the Dadraul seat is Samajwadi candidate Ram Murti Singh Verma, who many say, will have a relatively easy outing, considering the assembly seat falls in SP MP Mithilesh's pocket borough. Victories recorded in the 2009 Lok Sabha elections, however, may not have a bearing on assembly elections in the region. Local poll gimmicks, on the other hand, could.In Shahjahanpur city, for instance, sitting BJP MLA Suresh Khanna has been winning the seat constantly since 1989. This year, apart from promising the city better infrastructure and roads, Khanna is gifting the people a giant 105-feet statue of Lord Hanuman as a pre-poll gift. The statue, near completion, locals say, is likely to go a long way in wooing the Hindu votes in the region.Samajwadi Party candidate in the Shahjahanpur assembly seat, however, is treading familiar ground when it comes to political wooing. Though his chances of uprooting Khanna may not be high, he is expected to put up a fight,having won over many Hindu families as well, as a result of a concerted mass contact programme, apparently the longest any candidate has done in this region, since the elections were notified. Shahjahanpur's reserved Powayan constituency is the other one that will pose as crucial battle between political archrivals BSP and SP. In 2007, the seat was won by SP's Mithilesh.The party, however, went on to lose to BSP's Dhirendra Prasad during the November 2009 bye-elections, after Mithilesh vacated the seat and won the Shahjahanpur Lok Sabha elections. This year, though, BSP played the caste card again, fielding Arun Sagar as the party's candidate from the region. Rajveer Singh of the BJP and Shakuntala Devi from Samajwadi Party, however, are likely to make this a tough battle of ballots.Delimitation of the assembly seats in the district could also change political equations in the region. In 2009, the Nigohi assembly seat was dissolved and the Katra seat has come up instead. As a result of the shuffling, BSP's sitting MP from Nigohi, Roshan Lal Verma is now contesting the elections from Tilhar against SP rival Anvar Ali. In Katra, the newly formed assembly seat, on the other hand, the big battle of ballots is expected to be between BSP's Rajeev Kashyap and SP's Rajesh Yadav.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12118458", "title": "India\u2019s first open-air art show in city", "text": "GURGAON: Gurgaon's art scene has always been a vibrant one. With its small and large gallery exhibitions, the city has proved a decent platform for artists, young and old. And with its growing number of art connoisseurs, it is not long before Gurgaon becomes a significant art hub of the region.Come Saturday, and there will be a new treat for the art lovers here. The city's first open-air exhibition is being mounted at the DLF Country Golf and Country Club . The event, Renge Art Walk, will showcase works of around 80 emerging artists from round the country, and will also have sculptures and canvases made by art students. \"We have over 900 works on display at the two-day exhibition,\" said Shalini Vig Wadhwa, co-founder Renge Art Walk.The organizers say that this is the first time an open-air show is taking in the country. \"Such art walks happen in other countries, but this is the first time we are doing it here.The viewers get a better experience walking under the sky, than in a closed hall,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12116735", "title": "Man recognizes arrested Naxalite leader as long-lost brother", "text": "HYDERABAD: Sadula (Sadanala) Rammohan is still in a state of disbelief. \"We are happy to know that he is alive. All these years, we had no clue about his whereabouts. We had no idea whether he was alive or dead,\" Rammohan says, with a visible relief.\"We watched the news of his arrest on TV. We are relieved,\" he said over the phone. The man he was referring to is none other than Sadanala Ramakrishna, his elder brother and the head of the Maoist central technical committee arrested two days back in Kolkata.\"He did not come when our father, Sadula Venkataiah, passed away in 1998. Even at our mother Ramakka's death, in 2005, there was no trace of him. We've had no word from him in the last 28 years,\" he said.Rammohan, who used to run a small clothes shop in Karimnagar district's Husnabad town, said his brother had worked as an executive engineer with the panchayat raj wing in the early '80s and been instrumental in laying a water pipeline to their village. Rammohan's wife Dhanalakshmi works as a bus conductor with APSRTC in Husnabad.Rammohan said that his brother was idealistic from a youthful age but never did they think that he would end up in the Naxal movement.Son of agriculturists in Anthakkapeta village, which lies at a distance of 55 km from Karimnagar, Ramakrishna studied in Warangal up to standard XII and did his mechanical engineering at the Warangal Regional Engineering College in 1966-70.He got his M.Tech from Osmania University in 1970-72 and, after a brief stint with a private firm in Khammam's Palvoncha, worked as an assistant engineer with BHEL till 1978. The tenure with the panchayat raj wing followed before he quit his job to go underground in early '84.\"Ramakrishna was very driven even as a schoolboy. He was mild-mannered but showed great conviction on issues affecting society,\" recalled Sathaiah. Sathaiah, a former teacher, was a classmate of Ramakrishna's in Warangal.\"Later, we heard about him having joined the naxalites. He was known as Yerranna,\" Hanumantha Reddy of Husnabad sa0id. Reddy, too, had studied with Ramakrishna. Police officials said that Ramakrishna is a contemporary of Karimnagar Maoist leaders Sayini Prabhakar and Ramakantha Rao both of whom were killed in an encounter in the '90s. It was learnt that most of his peers at REC had joined the movement inspired by Kondapalli Seetharamaiah, founder of the People's War Group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12118952", "title": "Insurance co asked to pay widow Rs 10L", "text": "NASHIK: The district consumer grievances redressal forum has reprimanded an insurance company for denying the insurance claim of a widow and ordered that Rs 10 lakh be paid to her. The forum, ordered SBILife insurance company to pay Meena Bare, widow of Sanjay Bare, who had insured himself for the sum. The forum held the company guilty for deficiency in services and also ordered compensation for mental harassment of the claimant.Meena Bare's claim had been denied on the pretext that the sources of income of the life insured and his property, were not declared properly by the person who had sought insurance protection.Aggrieved, Meena met the company's managers to draw their attention towards her plight, but she was still denied the claim. Meena finally approached the consumer forum with all the evidence related to the claims case. The insurance company, in filing its reply to the court maintained that the income and property details of the insured were not declared properly. The court observed that it was not necessary for a company to get the full details of known sources of income and property when someone had sought insurance cover. Besides, the details given by the deceased were also found to be correct.The court observed that the insurance company had insured Sanjay Bare for Rs 10 lakh, and by refusing the claim, it had qualified to be held responsible for deficiency in services. It ordered the payout to Meena Bare within 30 days from the order, in addition to paying harassment charges of Rs 15000 and Rs 1000 for the papers being filed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12118634", "title": "Timid response from DVS government", "text": "BANGALORE: A section of the society repeatedly takes the law into its hands, gets into pitched battles with police, causes severe inconvenience to the public, leads to government and private property being destroyed. And the only thing the government can do is order a predictable judicial inquiry.For all its outward muscular identity, the BJP government seems unwilling to even apportion blame to the right quarters. After the City Civil Court had been brought to a standstill and turned into a veritable warzone, after mediapersons and later police personnel were attacked, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda could only say, \"No one will be spared for violating law and order.\"He and his senior brass appear to have been caught offguard by the turn of events. The state intelligence seems to have not anticipated the attack on mediapersons though this was the first time that a large media posse would be present at a court complex after the January episode in which the lawyers' unruly behaviour and subsequent confrontation with police had been widely broadcast.Wild conspiracy theories doing the rounds point a finger to the unsettled political situation in the state. There are murmurs that wanting to show the chief minister in bad light, certain senior political leaders might have added fuel to the fire. It is speculated that groups of lawyers owing allegiance to senior leaders of two different political parties were instrumental in provoking the altercation.The fact that the cops were initially mute spectators to the skirmishes between mediapersons and lawyers has lent credence to these rumours..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12120101", "title": "Suyong Kim travels the globe, discussing dreams", "text": "On International Women's Day, we take a look at how a young South Korean woman has taken to the busy streets of Mumbai to ask passersby what their dreams in life are. Paayal Talwaar shares her story with our readers.Meet Suyong Kim, a self-professed dreamer and founder of Dream Panorama - a year-long project that involves meeting people across the globe and discussing their dreams.Kim's recent stop in Mumbai yielded 24 interviews: \"I find Mumbai a challenging city where I have gone through various emotions of love, hate, frustration and excitement,\" says the 31-year-old. She has met people in Andheri, Bandra and Thane. Some people from the Dharavi slum shared their dreams with her. \"I hope to adopt a daughter and name her Arundati,\" says film-maker Harish Iyer, a member of the LGBT community, when he shared his dream with Kim.Kim began her journey of dreams in London, June 2011. As of today, she has interviewed 268 people of 56 nationalities in 21 countries and 73 cities. Her subjects come from all walks of life: Cobblers, construction workers, sex workers, transgendered people, pilots, refugees, soldiers, life coaches, housewives and more.\"Young people have career specific aspirations while older people tend to just dream of a happy family life,\" says Kim. \"I have met an 8-year-old boy who wants to be a Lego designer to a 78-year-old mother who wants to see her son again before she dies. I have also encountered a Georgian village girl who wants to see the Eiffel Tower , a Lebanese celebrity who wants to live in a village, an Indian who wants to experience snow, a Palestinian refugee who dreams of going back to her old house despite having spent 63 years in refugee camps and an Iranian labourer who wants to be a musician in a country where playing music is banned,\" she adds.There are a few whose dreams have already been realised. An Indian couple had their first date on Christmas Eve where they announced to Kim that they wish to be together for life and are now getting married in April.The Dream Panorama project fulfills one of Kim's personal dreams. She listed the project among her 83 dreams as she battled cancer at the age of 24. So far she has realised 36 dreams in 6 years which include learning to sail, becoming a qualified Thai massage practitioner, fulfilling her mother's pilgrimage trip and publishing a bestseller.She has also bagged a small role in an upcoming Bollywood film which was also one of her dreams and has appeared on several TV talk shows. Future dreams include climbing Mt. Everest and turning her project into a book and film. \"I am dreaming that who will play my role in the film,\" adds Kim. \"My biggest dream is to inspire the world and reach out to as many people as possible,\" says Kim. Ten artists and professionals from all over the world are contributing to her dream project which culminates on May 31. The project is funded through a $110,000 grant from Johnnie Walker Keep Walking Fund, selected from 1500 applicants. She also plans to revisit the dreamers she meets in 10 years to discover what has been fulfilled. Kim recites Shahrukh Khan's dialogue in Om Shanti Om: \"'Agar kissi cheez ko tum dil se chaho toh poori kainat use tumse milane ki koshish mein lag jaati hain'\" and says, \"The more people know about your dreams, the more opportunities and encouragement you attract.\"Kim's tips for dreamers - Think about EVERYTHING you wish to do as though it was your last day on earth. - Make a LIST of your dreams however small or big such as saying 'I love you' to your family or travelling to Mars. - Prioritize them and give a timeline to each of them in the list. - With the timeline your wish becomes a goal. - Visualize them and find others who are doing it. - Make a vision board with combination of such images and put it where you can see it everyday. - Imagine how you would feel when you achieve that dream. - Share dreams with your friends and family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "morbi (rajkot)", "code": "12118934", "title": "Two arrested for murder in Morbi", "text": "MORBI (RAJKOT): Two youths who stoned a shopkeeper to death in Yoginagar area on Thursday were arrested on Friday. Police identified the accused as Daya Koli and Jayesh Koli. \"The duo confessed that they had stoned Gordhan Koli to death following an old enmity. The accused happened to be Gordhan's distant relatives,\" an official from Morbi police said.Police said the seeds of enmity between the accused and the victim were sown when Gordhan, his brother and sons had killed Gordhan's cousin Jivan Pagi following a dispute over girl's elopement. They were released on bail after being arrested for the crime.Harbouring grudge for their father's murder, the Koli brothers decided to bump Gordhan off. After killing Gordhan, the duo escaped. However, they were arrested within hours of the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12117765", "title": "Availing subsidy for solar water heating gets easier", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Residents interested in installing solar water heating system at their residence or commercial venues can now get central government subsidy from the city itself without any hassle. Chandigarh administration has set up single-window system in this regard in environment office, where all clearances will be given and the local office will release Centrea??s subsidy instead of previous practice of approaching ministry of energy for the purpose.The development has come as ministry of science and technology released its entire subsidy grant of Rs 3.5 crore for the project to Chandigarh administration.Confirming the development, Santosh Kumar, director science and technology, said, a Both UT administration and Central government are giving 55% subsidy over the installation of solar water heating system. Earlier, applicants had to wait for long to get Central government subsidy, but now they have released all the grants to us and applicants can get the approval in just one visit.a??According to information, in four years only 170 beneficiaries have come forward to install solar water heating system in Chandigarh and science and energy wing of UT has kept target of over 300 beneficiaries in the upcoming financial year. The department has also published materials to make public aware of the benefits of the solar water heating system through various means.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12118827", "title": "Three, including two minors held for theft", "text": "INDORE: The Indore police on Friday busted a gang of three people, including two children, for stealing electronic items. The police seized seven laptops and 28 cellphones from their possessions.Acting on a tip-off, two cops Jitendra and Shailendra tricked the gang into selling them laptops and cellphones at a very cheap rate, the CSP, Shailendra Singh Chauhan, informed. Later, the cops, who called the gang to deliver the consignment at Kalani Nagar, arrested the kingpin Kamlesh Singh. Singh is a resident of Nanda Nagar.Singh confessed to his involvement in many theft cases across the city during the interrogation. He also revealed the name of two children, both twelve-year-old, who are a part of his gang. One of the children is Singh's brother.Chouhan said Singh used the children to target residents of multi-storeyed buildings and flats. The children would approach the residents pretending to be hungry. They would then sneak into their rooms and decamp with valuables as soon as the residents moved in to fetch them something.The police have sent the children to a juvenile home and are interrogating Kamal to extract other details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12118048", "title": "Lengthy math paper bogs down students of CBSE Std X", "text": "NAGPUR: The Std X CBSE mathematics paper on Friday turned out to be a lengthy one with students complaining of time shortage. Though their exam officially started yesterday, it was the easier painting subject which did not challenge the students much and hence the back-to-back math paper was scheduled.\"The questions asked in the mathematics paper were not difficult, but the paper was lengthy and the calculations took a lot of time,\" said a student, Simran Vij.Atul Deo, mathematics teacher at Bhavans (Ashti), agreed with students that the paper was indeed a lengthy one. \"The paper had many calculations which made it lengthy for the students. However it was quite easy and not a single question was out of syllabus. There were just one or two questions that were a bit tricky. But in general students did not have too much complaints,\" he said.Another student Manjari Gupta, said, \"Algebra section was very lengthy and I found it most time consuming. Questions were on expected lines but calculations really bogged most of us down.\" The Std X students also have to deal with long gaps in between their major papers which has evoked mixed reactions from students. The next important paper is 'Foundation of IT' on March 10, then a gap of almost a week with English paper scheduled for March 16.Another student Disha Khandelwal said that the gap can be a disadvantage as students tend to become lazy and do not utilize that time. \"The gap is beneficial only if we make use of the given time efficiently rather than being lenient and carefree,\" she said. Simran feels that long gaps between papers are not needed for any subject as it breaks a student's link with studies. But Manjari feels that the long gaps can help students revise and prepare them well for the exams.\"The longer the gap the more you can study and clear your doubts on the subject. This will be more beneficial to students who have not been able to complete the course,\" Manjari added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117608", "title": "If you delay cases, be ready to pay for it: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: Blaming \"delinquent litigants\" and their lawyers for delayed justice, the Bombay High Court has suggested that they should be \"penalized heavily if the problem of delay in disposal is to be solved\".Justice V M Kanade said \"justice is on the verge of collapse with 30 million cases clogging courts\" even as he called for lawyers to be more conscientious. \"The time has come for lawyers... to discourage litigants who advise them to adopt delaying tactics,\" said the judge while dismissing an application for restoration of a second appeal from a suit that first went to court in 1994. The court came down heavily on the litigant for repeatedly using delaying tactics and making false statements to keep his appeal alive, in the process, depriving a senior citizen of enjoying the \"fruit of a decree in her favour\" for two decades. According to Justice Kanade, heavy costs must be imposed on litigants who cause delay in every court from the lowest to the highest. \"Only when this message reaches all litigants and their advocates will they restrain themselves from adopting delaying tactics.\"In the order passed on Friday, the judge said it was fit to initiate action for perjury and raising a false plea, but he stopped at imposing Rs 5,000 as costs on applicants Nagesh Potdar and another person.The judge said with so many \"second appeals\" pending, it was often \"one party who is interested in protracting the proceedings to ensure that the possession of a property remains with them or money is not repaid (as directed by a lower court). \"Such party uses every trick in the book to ensure that the litigant successful in the lower court does not get justice,\" he said. \"The proverb 'justice delayed is justice denied' is proved as it is denied to the poorest of the poor.\" \"Delayed decisions, piled up files and indefinitely extending project never serve their purpose and were the real road blocks to development of any state or nation.\"Potdar had challenged a 2002 Kolhapur district court judgment that had confirmed a lower court decision of 2000 in a dispute over partition of property. When the HC admitted his second appeal in 2004, it stayed the original decree against him and the property stayed with him. In 2009, HC found the appellant did not complete paper work and dismissed his plea, but restored it in 2011. When Potdar's lawyers did not appear twice, the appeal was dismissed in June. He again sought restoration of plea, saying it cannot be dismissed without being heard.Potdar's lawyer said he had no instruction from his client to appear as lawyers had been changed. But the other side, an old woman, claimed \"lawyers was deliberately changed to delay matters and ensure that the decree could not be executed.\"To ensure that no injustice was done to the appellant, the HC asked his advocate to make submissions but he declined as \"he was not ready\". Thus the court said it had given an opportunity to hear both sides but could not adjourn again as the matter \"would be pending indefinitely.\" \"I am told that second pleas for final hearing did not reach, and so, the applicant's intention of protracting the appeal would have been successful,\" the HC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "12122026", "title": "Tuki announces development package for remote district", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki on Wednesday concluded his three-day Upper Subansiri tour by announcing a developmental package for the district.The package includes a degree college, a mini-secretariat, a cold storage unit for agriculture and horticulture produce, a mini-stadium at Rijo ground, infrastructure for schools, suspension bridges and link roads, official sources informed.Tuki, who was on his maiden visit to the district, created history of sorts by becoming the first chief minister of the state to traverse the serpentine road from Itanagar to Pagenalo - a distance of more than 400km.In a public meeting at Rijo Ground in Daporijo, the district headquarters, on Thursday, Tuki said Daporijo was a special place and informed that an Upper Subansiri-specific policy is on the anvil for speedy development of the region.Incidentally, Upper Subansiri is recognized by the Centre as one of the most backward districts in the country.Dedicating the degree college, which will start functioning from next academic session, to the public, Tuki said that the opening of the institution would usher in a new era of human resource development in the district.Acknowledging unemployment was a serious problem in the state, Tuki informed the people that his government is looking at setting up an employment generation council, which would keep track of the unemployment graph and register details of educated, unemployed youths, including school dropouts.He said that a skill development council, which is also on the pipeline, would augment the government's initiative to curb unemployment.Emphasising that the government cannot bring the desired changes alone, Tuki asked the public to help in all possible ways for all-round development of the area.With regard to the demand for development of Daporijo as a model town, the chief minister sought a master plan, sources said. He also sought a proper estimate for construction of an auditorium for the government HS School from the concerned department. He assured sufficient senior teachers and subject teachers would be appointed at the school and funds would be sanctioned for extension of classrooms, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12118501", "title": "State earmarks Rs 195 cr to deal with water woes", "text": "GURGAON: The state government is to invest a sum of Rs 195.31 crore to address the water and sewage woes in Sohna, Pataudi, Farrukhnagar and Hailey Mandi. \"A sum of Rs 168.86 crore will be invested on providing drinking water, while Rs 26.45 crore will be spent on correcting sewer line problems,\" deputy commissioner P C Meena said.He said that the residents of Sohna, Pataudi, Farrukhnagar and Hailey Mandi are dependent on tubewells for their drinking water, and the water supplied by tubewells is not sufficient for their needs. \"Hence, the government is working on bringing canal water to these areas.The state has approved the installation of an underground line for providing drinking water in Mewat district. We will work on extending this line to Gurgaon distric,\" Meena said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12119077", "title": "Recruitment fest held", "text": "HUBLI: KLE Society's Gurusiddappa Kotambri Law college, Hubli and Legal Process Outsourcing (LPO) company, Clutch group, Bangalore jointly organized 'recruitment fest-2012' on Friday in Hubli. The event was inaugurated by Brian Corbin, associate vice-president-legal services, Clutch group, Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12118517", "title": "All-encompassing inclusion is possible", "text": "My last piece in this column said some not very flattering things about a sister math institute of mine, also in Chennai. Let me attempt at least partial atonement this time around by singing the praises of a mathematician there, who is a truly inclusive soul, acutely aware of all the unfair inequalities that our society dumps on its less privileged, and devotes generously of his time, energy and resources (not only money) in trying to improve their lot. His intense solidarity with the Dalits (or 'untouchables' as they have been constantly called as proof of the immense casteism and exclusivity that forms the fabric of Indian society) may be treated lightly only at your peril. He has consciously tried to understand just what the Buddhist alternative meant to these unfortunate victims of an obscenely caste/class-conscious society.Shiva, for that is what he is called, involves himself with single-minded commitment, along with some likeminded philanthropists in raising money to help the lives of at least a minute fraction of the downtrodden. He champions the cause of people who get a raw deal from life, which dubs them low-born untouchables purely on account of the accident that their parents had the same misfortune.Let me give an instance of the sort of cause he tries to raise public awareness in. This concerns the unholy practice in India of having an abundance of 'dry latrines, in public spaces, typically like train stations. While in the west, a person is liable to be penalized for not removing the poop deposited in public places by his pet dog, the idea behind our system of dry latrines is that people come and deposit their own poop at strategic intervals in a big bare room, to be scraped away and the floor cleaned before future use by subsequent poopers . And no prizes for guessing who has to shovel the s*** : your local untouchable! To be sure, a law has been passed that this practice of 'dry latrines' is illegal, but really, who gives a s***? The fact remains that many a little Indian girl, not yet 10 years old, has to spend many hours a day cleaning the disgusting mess from dry latrines , only to be recompensed the royal equivalent of a few pennies for having surrendered what should have been a care-free and happy day, playing with friends, in the life of an innocent young lass in school, if only she had been fortunate enough to be born in a civilized society. Why her? Because of her crime of having been born into a family who will only be permitted to perform this task by our society - in this 21st century of i-pads , i-pods and (not necessarily i- )phones!He and his comrade Benjamin have been on this self-appointed crusade for years now. They periodically circulate emails to friends and acquaintances asking for further contributions for one thing or another: it may be for housing and educating some karmacharis (as the people doomed to shovel s*** because of the origin of their birth are euphemistically called by our shamelessly hypocritical society); or it may be for the upkeep of a hostel in Chennai or somewhere in Andhra. While Ben lives in the US, he and Shiva in India (and possibly others whom I am unaware of) have managed to raise donations from and social awareness in hordes of people. The list of their regular donors reads almost like a roll-call of accomplished mathematicians from all over the world: you will find the Americans Mumford and Arveson, the non-resident Indians Raghavan Narasimhan and Gadde Anand Swarup, and many resident Indians like Alladi Sitaram, Gadadhar Misra and yours truly - and of course (Benjamin and) Shiva himself!The man's social conscience is a revelation. Let me give just three instances:When the CMI campus started coming up in Siruseri. it was an arid dusty plot of land. Shiva has played a leading role in 'greening' the place, getting almost every visitor to the institute to plant a tree there; bottom line, CMI now looks more like the Garden of Eden than a place for grooming future Ramanujans! And in this whole greening process, you can be sure he has always been aware of and trying to better the standards of the 'working staff, (gardeners, drivers, cooks, security guards,... )To Shiva, this 'working staff' is not an anonymous collection of people (as they would almost surely be, to many of the 'high-brow intellectuals' ). For instance, there is a gardener there who is practically a 'deaf mute' as our society would bill him. Shiva overcame all sorts of bureaucratic tangles to ensure that Mohiuddin's meager income could be enhanced to the princely sum of Rs 7000 a month, which helps him contribute to running a family of mother, sisters, their families, etc. Shiva took it on himself to learn the signing conventions followed by Mohiuddin, who indicated to me that there are now only some three or four people in all of CMI who try to communicate with him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12116268", "title": "Tamil Nadu begins enumeration of migrant labourers", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government has begun screening migrant labourers employed in unorganized sectors such as construction, textiles and hotels. The move follows the recent encounter killings of five suspects from Bihar and West Bengal , who were allegedly involved in two bank heists. Social activists havecondemned the enumeration exercise which began a week ago, describing it as discrimination and harassment aimed at creating social tension.ADGP (law and order) S George told TOI, \"We are trying to create a database of genuine labourers so that we can identify the anti-social elements, if any. Our officials will not be disturbing or questioning each and every worker. We have created a format and It is for the contractors to provide the information.\" He added it was not the intention of the state to trouble genuine workers. Said south zone IG Rajesh Das, \"We are collecting A-Z information about migrant workers.\"Senior police officers defended the profiling, saying it would act as a deterrent against crime.The Chennai police too has begun the process, knocking on the doors of migrant labourers. A labourer from Bihar, S Gunal, told TOI, \"They have taken all details about me and my friends in Sholinganallur. They are collecting details like names and addresses even from students from the north. In the case of labourers, they take also taking photographs and fingerprints.\"The state police has focused on areas falling within all the city corporation limits. Senior officials said migrant labourers were huge in numbers in Chennai and Tirupur areas.The move, however, has come in for strong criticism from social activists. Said social researcher Gladston Xavier, \"There is no substantial evidence to say migrant workers are involved in big crimes. With this kind of approach, you are only creating a social divide\". Professor and coordinator of Arunodhaya migrant's initiates Bernad D Samy agreed. \"Most of the migrant labourers are an exploited lot and mostly don't involve themselves in illegal activities. Police should not trouble genuine workers,\" said Samy.Tirupur superintendent of police V Balakrishnan said the enumeration process in the hosiery hub, which employs thousands of migrant labourers, has been going on for a while. \"There are more than one lakh employees in Tirupur district. We started digital profiling of migrant labourers one-and-a-half years ago. Nearly 20,000 workers were profiled then. But it is a continuous process. Groups of workers come and go. So, we have to keep updating the data,\" said Balakrishnan. The officer said a reception kiosk would be set up at the railway station to screen migrant workers when they come from their native place. \"We plan to register their details at the railway station. We are discussing it with the labour department\", he added.Police in the state's central zone too has begun the enumeration process, collecting names of migrant labourers, their age and addresses with photo IDs. \"We are also collecting the names of the agents or contractors who brought them to the state,\" said a senior police officer. \"We have asked firms employing migrant labourers to submit their details. Our data collection would convey a strong message to them that if they are involved in any kind of anti social activities, they will be traced. But there are lot of difficulties in collecting such data,\" he said.Times ViewThe decision to profile migrant labour goes against the spirit of social integration as enshrined in the Constitution. The stated objective of crime prevention rests on the presumption that migrants are responsible for rising levels of crime though present data may not support such a claim. Activists have raised concerns that the process could instill suspicion among locals and sow seeds of disharmony. The state should give up the exercise and focus on improving policing instead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12117936", "title": "MSEDCL seeks tariff hike", "text": "NAGPUR: As summer kicks in. MSEDCL wants to make the hike a sharper one by doubling the fuel surcharge.As per Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) norms, the fuel surcharge cannot be more than 10% of base tariff, which translates into 7 to 8% of your total bill amount.The distributor wants the cap to be increased to 25%, which will increase your total power bill by 9 to 10%.The company claimed it was facing severe liquidity problem and . MSEDCL said the main reason for the filing the petition was that the company was unable to recover the actual expenses incurred in power purchase due to increase in rates of coal and gas. .MSEDCL prayed that until the Commission decided on the issue, it should be permitted to recover fuel surcharge as per actual expenses without any ceiling. This recovery would be later vetted by the Commission. It would be done through an additional surcharge of equal monthly installments from all consumers at a uniform rate. MERC will hear the petition on March 13 in Mumbai in presence of consumer representatives.The state-run power distributor has also filed tariff petition for 2012-13. One of the basic demands is to increase the monthly fixed charges for all categories except HT commercial. In layman's language, fixed charge can be considered as meter rent that has to be paid regardless of consumption.It wants MERC to permit it to formulate a policy whereby if electrical infrastructure is shifted or changed at the request of a local body or consumer then 50% of the cost incurred should be borne by the organization concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12118831", "title": "Bhanwari had applied for a gun licence", "text": "JODHPUR: A few days before Bhanwari Devi was murdered allegedly at the behest of former Rajasthan minister Mahipal Maderna and Congress MLA Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, she had sensed fear. The chargesheet filed by the CBI states, the nurse had applied for a gun licence about a fortnight before she was kidnapped on September 1.Bhanwari Devi had guessed that she was in trouble and was terrified. She had applied for an arm licence through Lakharam Choudhary, the then station house officer of Osian police station. He had helped her file the documents, the chargesheet mentions.Though she attempted to extract Rs 50 lakh from both Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan Singh Bishnoi and obtain a surety from Bishnoi to spend Rs 50 lakh for their daughter Gungun's marriage, she herself was scared as the mediators, who she was compelled to rely upon, not only kept her in the dark as far as the deal was concerned but also attempted to keep this fear kindled in her. For that, they staged a fake attempt to kidnap the nurse on August 15.\"A fake attempt to kidnap Bhanwari with a view to scare her was staged by Sohan Lal and other accused in Jodhpur on August 15. After escaping the attempt, she got scared and applied for a gun licence,\" the chargesheet says. But before she could get the gun licence, she was killed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12118000", "title": "Central Railway asked to compensate man", "text": "NAGPUR: District consumer forum has directed Central Railway to pay Rs 7,000 as compensation to a city customer whose two-wheeler was stolen from its parcel booking office in Pune.Complainant Jayant Joshi (name changed), who works as an executive in Pune, had booked his three-month-old bike for Nagpur with railway parcel office at Pune station on June 30, 2010.The bike was booked through a person claiming to be a railway employee. He had donned the railway uniform with the name tag on the shirt. The person concerned packed the bike and collected Rs 680 (Rs 480 towards transportation and Rs 200 packing charge). The so-called employee also issued a computerized receipt having a railway stamp and told Joshi that the bike would be delivered at the Nagpur station in 8-10 days. After 10 days, when Joshi enquired, the bike had not reached Nagpur.Doubting the authenticity of the receipt, Joshi checked with the parcel office in Pune and was shocked to learn that it was not the one issued by the railways. He lodged a complaint with railway police on July 24, 2010.In November, the police confirmed the complaint and closed the file expressing inability to recover the stolen bike. Since the bike was insured, Joshi submitted the relevant documents to the company in December 2010 for claim. However, in March 2011, the insurance firm refused to pay up.\"The insurance company's contention was that police had registered an offence under sections 406 (criminal breach of trust), 420 and 467 and not 378 (theft), therefore the claim cannot be considered as theft,\" said Joshi.He reported the matter to his relative and consumer rights activists Avinash Prabhune who resides in the city.In May, Prabhune issued a notice to the insurance company but it did not respond.Prabhune then filed a case with the district consumer forum on July 30, 2011 against the insurance company and Central Railway officials.After getting the notice, the insurance company settled the matter by paying 75% (Rs 30,000) of the insured amount.Due to the compromise, the insurance company's name was expunged from the case. However, despite receiving notice, railways neither replied nor appeared before the forum. The case was decided ex-party against the railways.Forum president VN Rane and member Jayshree Yende ruled that such incidents on the railway premises lead to serious deficiency in service.The forum ordered railways to pay Rs 5,000 as compensation and Rs 2,000 as costs to Joshi within 30 days. The order was issued on February 24, 2012.Slamming the insurance company, Prabhune said \"Insurance companies make tall promises when policies are made but are reluctant when it comes to settling claims.\"\"Not all consumers can fight back and hence, they need to be alert. It is unfortunate that the complainant suffered due to the indifferent attitude of the railways and the insurance company,\" added Prabhune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12122429", "title": "MP man enters record books for organising most mass weddings", "text": "BHOPAL: A road contractor from Madhya Pradesh has entered the Limca Book of Records for organising the most number of mass marriages in his home town Berasia near here.Popularly known as Dallu Bhaiyya, he has so far organised a total of 785 marriages since 2007.\"I do this philanthropic work for personal satisfaction as I have read in religious books that sponsoring marriages of needy women is the best way to attain self-satisfaction,\" said Ram Gopal alias Dallu.He claims to have arranged marriages of 34 women in 2007, of 86 couples in 2008, 88 in 2009, 208 in 2010 and 213 last year. All the marriages organised by him are held on the day of Basant Panchami, Gopal said adding a sum of Rs 17,000 is spent on each marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12117985", "title": "Cops arrest 7 for robbery attempt", "text": "GONDIA: Dawaniwada police have arrested seven robbers for trying to rob a youth near Mahalgaon village on Wednesday. At around 10pm Santosh Nagpure of Mahalgaon was returning home when the seven youths stopped him near mobile tower and demanded money from him. But, Nagpure raised an alarm as a result the robbers fled.Nagpure reported the matter to Dawaniwada police immediately took off and after a hectic search nabbed all the seven robbers at around 3am.The arrested persons are Ramkishor Suryawansi (27, Dawaniwada), Mangesh Pardhi (19), Rijwan Sheikh (21), Lokesh Donode (21), Milan Manjute (21), Rahul Bagde (18) and Rohit Basena (17) (all residents of Angoor Bagicha, Gondia). tnnOffence has been registered against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12117917", "title": "No 21-day wait for Indane gas refill", "text": "NAGPUR: You may be under an impression, created by your gas dealership, that you cannot apply for a cooking gas refill until 21 days have gone since delivery of last one.Actually, staffers at most gas agencies refuse to register your demand within this period. However, no such rule exists, at least for consumers of Indane gas, marketed by Indian Oil. A social activist has obtained information under RTI Act that shows there is no such provision.Abhay Kolarkar, a member of India Against Corruption ( IAC), had asked a question: After one filled cylinder is delivered to consumer, what is the time period of before another can be booked. Indian Oil replied there was no restriction on refill booking.Kolarkar had also asked what was the time period for delivery of gas cylinder to the consumer by the distributor. IOC replied the company aimed to provide a refill within 48 hours of booking subject to availability of cylinders at distributor's godown. The refills were to be provided on first-come-first-served.IOC also made it clear that distributors could not make their own rules of distribution and its norms were binding on distributors. If a distributor violated rules, company took action against it under Marketing Discipline Guidelines.The Nagpur office of company took action against 35 distributors between October 2010 and December 2012. Six of them located in Nagpur are: Vidarbha Gas and Domestic Appliances (twice), Sarang Gas Agency (twice), Bhende Gas Agency, Karuna Gas Agency, Dhurvey Gas Agency and Om Domestic &amp; Gas Appliances.The company has, however, clarified that it was not mandatory for the distributor to display all the rules and regulations of the company. Important notices and guidelines should be displayed when instructed by IOC.Kolarkar has appealed to IOC consumers to challenge the gas agency staffers if they did not accept an application within 21 days of delivery of a cylinder. He has also urged them to protest if they did not get a cylinder within 48 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12121257", "title": "Techno Minds 2011", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aptech Computer Education recently organised an inter-centre competition at India International Centre in New Delhi. The event saw 325 participants from Aptech centre across north zone.Students in each centre were given course-specific group projects. Out of the pool of projects made by these students, few were shortlisted for the competition that was dubbed as Techno Minds. The projects on communication application from Janakpuri (Delhi), efashion and mobile application from South Ext (Delhi) were recognised as the winner, runner-up and jury award respectively in the Web Application category. On the other hand, the team from Kingsway (Delhi) camp which presented a sudoko game, the team Aligarh (UP) that exhibited on Stenography, and the team from Janakpuri (Delhi) were awarded the winner, runner-up and jury award in the Desktop Application Development category. An IT quiz competition was also introduced this year. The team from Ghaziabad (UP) bagged the first prize in this event.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12118942", "title": "Court directs NMC to ask for public opinion", "text": "NASHIK: The civil court has asked the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) to file a say on the extension of Nehru Garden within eight days. It further directed it to also issue notices in the local newspapers for drawing suggestions and objections from the public regarding the extension, before March 15.If anybody has any objection or suggestion on the extension of the garden they could appear in court on March 15, the court said on Friday.On Friday, the NMC had asked the court for a period of eight days to file its response, NMC's lawyer, Sudhir Kotwal, said.A group of citizens had filed a a special civil suit in the senior division court for a mandatory injunction ( i.e. to get the property in original form and to break the wall that is being built) at Nehru garden, for violation of the Maharashtra Regional and Town Planning Act, ( MRTP Act).In a bid to get rid of encroachments by hawkers and kiosk owners outside the garden, the administration had planned to grow a lawn within the area extended outside the garden and to install a gate for the garden.The litigants said that they had issued notices to the NMC as recently as February 26. \"This road comes under the development plan and the corporation had reduced the width of the road,\" said Arvind Ugale, one of the litigants.The litigants had also said that the NMC had not issued any public notice calling for responses before beginning the extension work. The litigants are now in wait- and-watch mode, with the court asking the NMC to invite public opinion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12118805", "title": "Over 400 SMS nurses strike work", "text": "JAIPUR: More than 400 nurses at SMS struck work on Friday in protest against salary structure and the government's decision to involve them in the distribution of Schedule 'H' drugs under the CM's free medicine scheme. The striking nurses said dispensing of Schedule H drugs is an offence and this could tantamount to six month imprisonment.In reply to a question filed under RTI about who could dispense such drugs, the Pharmacy Council of India on February 22, stated, \"Under the Pharmacy Act 1942 Section 42, no one but a registered pharmacist can compound, prepare, mix or dispense any medicine. If any person violates this, he/she will be punishable with an imprisonment of 6 months or a fine upto Rs 1,000 or both.\"Rajendra Singh Rana, president of Rajasthan Rajya Nurses Association (United) said, \"We have written several times to the medical, health and family welfare department since the scheme was launched. We demanded that if they want to us to dispense these medicines, then they should get us registered in the pharmacy council, so that we get legal cover.\"The medical, health and family welfare department had introduced the scheme with an argument that under drug and cosmetic rules 1945 Section 23, which states, \"Drugs supplied by multipurpose workers attached to primary health centres/sub centres, community health volunteers under rural health scheme, nurses, ANM, midwifes and lady health visitors attached to urban family welfare centres/ primary health centres/sub centres and anganwadi workers can dispense drugs only under Schedule K but not H.\"A medical health and family welfare department claimed that they do not require pharmacists by giving reference to the Drugs and Cosmetic Rules, 1945 in rural areas as they handed over the nurses. But, a pharmacist Lokesh Kumar Gautam, who filed a writ in the Jaipur High Court recently, said, \"Under the Drug and Cosmetic Act nurses can dispense only schedule K drugs not schedule H drugs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12116580", "title": "CAT asks Gautam Kumar to apologize", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) on Friday sought an unconditional apology from senior IPS officer and home secretary P Gautam Kumar for casting aspersions on the tribunal in connection with the hearing in a plea filed by him challenging V Dinesh Reddy's appointment as AP DGP. This is one of those rare occasions when CAT has sought an apology from a complainant.Earlier, CAT had directed the state advocate general to assist the court saying it had found objectionable certain paras in Gautam's petition to the high court. The HC has directed CAT to complete the hearing in the case in four weeks. Advocate general A Sudarsan Reddy appeared before CAT and sought two weeks to study the matter.Appearing for Gautam, senior counsel CV Mohan Reddy told the CAT bench comprising justice P Swaroop Reddy and member (administration) R Santhanam that the question of Gautam apologizing to the bench did not arise as his client had never offended the tribunal.\"We are only aggrieved by the delaying tactics adopted by the state government and still insist that it is untenable. (But) we never aimed our criticism at the bench and, hence, the bench should not look at it in that light,\" Gautam's counsel said.Since the proposed contempt proceedings against Gautam and his main petition are two independent proceedings, let the hearing in the main plea continue, Mohan Reddy suggested. The bench, however, did not relent and sought an apology from Gautam before starting its hearing in the main plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12121350", "title": "Mobiles in jails: Court orders strict action against jailors", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Friday asked the Director General (DG) of prisons and state authorities to conduct frequent raids and search operations in jails to curb use of mobile phones.The court also asked the authorities to take action against jailers and jail superintendents of prisons if cellphones and SIM cards are recovered in the future.Taking a sou moto cognizance of criminal gangs that are operating from the jails using mobile phones, the court, on Tuesday, had directed the jail department to submit a reply on March 2. The authorities on Thursday conducted searches in jails across the state and seized 94 mobile phones, and 62 SIM cards along with chargers.In the compliance report,the authorities said mobile phones have been recovered from jails in Jaipur, Udaipur, Bharatpur and Ganganagar. The report also stated that action has been taken against the offenders.However, the division bench, comprising Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice N K Jain, was not satisfied with the reply, and directed the authorities to take action against the jailers and superintendents of such jails.The bench directed the department to deploy 200 home guards in jails, besides conducting searches at least once in every week in jails from where phones have been recovered and twice a month in other jails.It also asked the authorities to search places such as beneath the floor, and walls where mobile phones and SIM cards can be hidden. The court was told that though one phone jammer is installed in Jodhpur Central Jail it is not equipped to disable 3G-enabled phones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12121569", "title": "Srijit Mukherji to introduce two child artistes", "text": "Did you know that Srijit Mukherji's \"Hemlock Society\" has two child artistes in the lead Their names, you ask? Parambrata and Koel. So says Srijit.He explains, \"I'm happy to work with two child artists (one aged 10 and the other, 12) for the first time in my career. What else can I say about Param and Koel - the two actors - who were constantly bickering and complaining to me about each other. If Koel kept harping, 'All good dialogues are for Param', he was like, 'You have kept all close-ups for Koel'.\"Srijit, who completed dubbing recently, however, is happy with his 'child'-like actors. \"Meghna, the character Koel plays, is poles apart from what she is in real life. I cautiously wanted her to be in character 24x7 as Meghna has a particular body language and manner of talking. Koel has done a brilliant job. Param as Anando too is mindblowing. Both were obedient and followed my instructions to the T,\" he says.Koel too can't stop raving about Srijit, Param and \"Hemlock Society\". \"It was a fascinating experience to work with Srijit and Param. Before working with them I used to think that both of them must be from Mars but I found them to be just like me,\" says Koel, adding, \"My only problem during the shoot was that that I couldn't be myself! I couldn't giggle and laugh out loud. Srijit wanted me to be in character, like forever. Even if I was my chirpy self during the break, from somewhere I used to hear his voice, 'In the zone, please'. I was like, 'Kotha theke abar chole elo'.\"But Koel admits that it was fun to pull Srijit's leg. \"I used to mimic him and he used to react,\" adds Koel. \"Param and Srijit are the best of pals and I used to tell Srijit that he is always partial towards Param. The latter instantly defended Srijit by saying, 'Na, na ki bolcho?'\" she reveals.Koel, who is paired opposite Param for the first time, admits, \"Our crackling on-screen chemistry was possible because of Param and Srijit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12117902", "title": "Did MADC favour Future group in Mihan?", "text": "NAGPUR: Controversies continue to dog the ambitious Mihan project. Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC)'s move to terminate the contract with Nagpur Gupta Sical Road Terminal Ltd (NGSRT) for setting up a road terminal complex is expected to open a Pandora's box. These include charges that MADC went out of its way to benefit retail baron Kishore Biyani-led Future Group.Future Group is coming up with a state-of-art warehousing facility in Mihan. In reply to MADC's termination notice, NGSRT has said the company would like to go for arbitration instead. NGSRT says the contract is being terminated unilaterally. It also does not want form MADC boss Sinha to be the arbitrator as provided in the agreement with MADC. The company feels he would not be impartial.MADC in its letter has cited non-payment of lease rent for last five years amounting to 7.64 crore as reason for termination. Its officials also maintain that the deal is being scrapped as NGSRT abandoned the project. NGSRT is a joint venture between Chennai-based logistics company Sical Group, Nagpur's Gupta Group, and MADC itself. The latter is providing 16 hectares land as equity in the venture, which entails setting up a rail and road terminal over 60 hectares of land, as well as a modern warehouse spread over an area of 4.5 lakh sq ft.With both the sides keeping their powder dry using all means including RTI, a bitter legal battle is likely. An RTI query revealed that MADC stuck a deal with Future Logistics Solutions Ltd (FLSL), a Future Group company. Under it, MADC has built the warehouse at its own cost to be let out to FLSL for a rent pegged at 14% of construction cost. MADC has not specified the cost in its reply but sources in the company put it at 43 crore. There will be no escalation in rent for 10 years during which none of the parties have a right to terminate the agreement. The tax liability and maintenance will also be of MADC.Sources in Sical Group, one of the partners in NGSRT, say this amounts to MADC poaching the business of the very company in which it is a partner. Ashok Mundhada, CEO of NGSRT told TOI that a warehouse was being built by this company and it was wooing Future Group as a client. NGSRT got land for the terminal in August 2008 and just a year later, MADC directly struck a deal with Future Group.\"It was offered a separate warehouse now being built on a platter at just 14% of total cost. This was the biggest setback for NGSRT as it was banking on Future Group to be the anchor client. With the massive cost of building the terminal and warehouse, it could not match MADC offer to Future,\" said Mundhada. He says this was beginning of troubles with MADC. The non-payment of rent was also in protest of MADC signing a deal with Future Group. The work was stopped for the same reason as the business had become unviable after losing a major client.MADC's current chairman UPS Madan pleaded ignorance about certain decisions taken during Sinha's regime. He added that the company would have done its calculations before taking a decision. Moreover, MADC had to attract companies to start operating from Mihan as none were turning up, he added. About NGSRT's logic on abandoning the project after losing Future Group, Madan said the company still had a huge business on the rail and road terminal front.Future Group Chairman Kishore Biyani refused to comment.NGSRT, however, contends that running the road terminal hinged on attracting a logistics player. A chunk of business was expected also from the rail terminal but the land for it was not allotted at all.With Future Group gone, there was no in-house cargo from SEZ coming up in Mihan. Lack of industries in SEZ was also a concern raised by the bankers.With both the sides keeping their powder dry using all means including RTI, a bitter legal battle is likely. An RTI query revealed that MADC stuck a deal with Future Logistics Solutions Ltd (FLSL), a Future Group company. Under it, MADC has built the warehouse at its own cost to be let out to FLSL for a rent pegged at 14% of construction cost. MADC has not specified the cost in its reply but sources in the company put it at 43 crore", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12117789", "title": "Markandey Katju calls for action against unruly lawyers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Press Council of India chairman Markandey Katju on Friday condemned the attack on media persons in Bangalore, saying the lawyers responsible for the fracas deserved severe punishment.\"I am deeply distressed that some lawyers of Bangalore today took the law into their own hands and physically attacked media persons. This is highly objectionable and condemnable,\" he said in a statement.Observing that the lawyers had \"no business and no right\" to prevent media persons from covering the event, Katju said \"no leniency should be shown\" to the advocates \"as they appear to have violated their solemn duty as officers of the court\".\"Lawyers are supposed to uphold the law and not become law breakers, which they appear to have done. In my opinion, those lawyers who have committed this outrage deserve severe punishment in accordance with law,\" he said.The former Supreme Court judge said he had spoken on telephone to some lawyers of Bangalore \"who claimed that it was media persons who attacked the lawyers\", and not vice-versa. \"But I do not believe this version since the TV footage I have seen only show media persons with injuries and no lawyers with injuries,'' he added.\"To the best of my knowledge, the media persons were only covering the event of the appearance in court of Janardhana Reddy, which they have every right to do as freedom of the press is a guaranteed right under Article 19(1)(a) of the Constitution,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12118576", "title": "Retired judge to probe violence", "text": "In a late-evening meeting on Friday, the government ordered a judicial inquiry by a retired judge into the nine-hour mayhem.The announcement followed a meeting of home minister R Ashoka, chief secretary SV Ranganath and DG &amp; IG Shankar M Bidari with high court Chief Justice Vikramjit Sen. As soon as the CJ heard about the incident, he asked the government for a status report.The government clarified to the CJ there were no deaths and reports about them were just rumours.Around 3.15pm, the CM sent Ashoka and others to brief the CJ about the incident . Justice Sen and five other judges expressed unhappiness over the government's handling of the situation. \"The person who will probe the incident and terms of reference will be finalized on Saturday. I strongly condemn the attack. The guilty will be shown no mercy,\" Gowda pointed out.\"We have collected information on those who created law and order problem. We're also assessing the damage to government properties,\" the CM said. Asked what transpired between government officials and the CJ, Gowda said he won't comment in view of the ongoing probe.Priority Is Law And OrderPolice commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji said a DCP, an ACP and 69 police personnel were injured and hospitalized. Asked if any arrests had been made, Gowda said the government's priority is to bring the situation under control. '' Once that's done, probe and arrests will follow,\" he added. Prohibitory orders at the City Civil Court will continue on Saturday.Guidelines for media?Asked if the government discussed with the chief justice guidelines for mediapersons to cover court proceedings to avoid such incidents in future, Sadananda Gowda said, \"We'll sit once more with judicial authorities, including the high court registrar general, to chalk out guidelines. In a week's time, we'll come up with the guidelines.''Women Flay Ashoka's Delayed ActionHome minister R Ashoka was at the receiving end on Friday, not only from mediapersons but also from women activists. Hours after journalists were attacked by lawyers, a group of women under the banner of Bengaluru Mahila Sanghatne, many of whom belong to the Congress' women's wing, went to his residence to symbolically present him a sari and bangles. 'If you don't have the courage to control the highhandedness of lawyers, wear bangles and sit at home like a woman' read a placard held by one activist. Ashoka defended himself: \"I wasn't scared and I did my best. I directed police to lathicharge and fire teargas shells.\" A senior police officer, who was upset at Ashoka's late call to take action, said: \"The minister gave the order at the last minute. By then, it was all over.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12122610", "title": "Tao Art Gallery celebrates its 12th anniversary", "text": "The Tao Art Gallery's journey in the past 12 years has been a truly distinctive one highlighted with varied shows and accolades.The Tao Art Gallery's 12th anniversary show titled 'Synergy 2012' was an iconic moment in the art world. In the past 12 years, Tao Art Gallery has held many major solo shows and represented art in various prestigious international spaces like London, Tokyo , Singapore, Bali and New York .In 2002, 'The Eternal Enchantress of Devdas', was an iconic solo show of M F Husain curated by Kalpana Shah based on Sharatchandra's \" Chandramukhi\". In 2011 the gallery displayed a show called 'Liberation' this was a solo show of the legendry international artist Sohan Qadri. In addition to these shows, Tao also held a show called \"SHESH LEKHA - The Last poems of Rabindranath Tagore\" a unique exhibition to commemorate the 150th birth anniversary of Nobel Laureate Rab.So, when a gallery of this stature decided to get together over 50 noted artists, there was grandeur and fanfare along with it.Talking about the theme, 'Synergy', Kalpana Shah, the owner of the gallery says, \"One can say that everything in the world works because of synergy. It is the most basic thing where the collective functioning of two or more factors is required in order to achieve a satisfactory result. If we observe, there is synergy in nature, life and all actions associated with these. Nothing in this world can stand for long without synergy; be it life or art.\"The anniversary celebrations saw artists like Akbar Padamsee, S.H. Raza, Krishen Khanna, Satish Gujral to the very fresh young artistic talents as Ali Akbar Mehta, Debashish Dutta, Nishant Dange, Sahil Shah, Shashikant Chahande, Parag Tandel, Smita Mandlik to name a few.Bharat Tripathi, one of the first ones to enter and was enamored by the works presented at the show. Jaideep and Seema Mehrotra congratulated Kalpana Shah for her contribution to the art world through Tao. The highlight of the evening was most definitely the presence of the entire Tayyib Ali Mehta family to support their talented grandson, Ali Akbar Mehta. Artists like Samir Mondal, Deepa Mahajan, Ravi Mandlik, Nilesh Kinkale, Devdatta Padekar, Prashant Salvi, Shashikant Chahande, Sahil Shah and many more seemed delighted to be a part of this momentous occasion. Avantika Malik came in and was awed by her friend, Sahil Shah's artwork.Twelve years and still many more to come was Kalapana Shah's reaction. She said with a smile, \"Life itself is a journey and especially in the field of creativity, one can feel the constant flow of energy. Galleries play an important role in molding and directing such energy's by using their own identity and position. Despite having had many shows in the past 12 years, we continue to look forward to many more in the coming future. People and society need to have more exposure to art and if through Tao, we are able to support and represent some great artists, then even 12 more years might not be enough, this journey will go on and on.\"Kudus to Kalpana!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12119145", "title": "Kanika files plaint against fake fan club accounts", "text": "BHOPAL: Bollywood blockbuster Agneepath fame teenaged actor from Bhopal Kanika Tiwari has registered a complaint with cyber cell of the state police saying fake fan club accounts have been opened on social networking sites posing problem for her.A case under identity theft has been registered. In her complaint, she alleged that some people have created accounts on different social networking sites using her name.\"I have nothing to do with fans club using my name. I do not know any individual associated with such fans club,\" Kanika told TOI. Kanika added that she was never approached by any fan before creating such pages on the internet.\"After the release of Agneepath, I came to know that several pages on my name were created,\" 15-year-old Kanika said who played the role of the sister of Hrithik Roshan. She requested her fans to not post any comment on such pages.Confirming the complaint registered by Kanika, DSP of cyber-cell, Deepak Thakur said he received a complaint from her father. \"Kanika's father came to me with an application in which he stated that some people have created account with her name. He mentioned in the application that Kanika has nothing to do with such account and comments posted on it,\" Thakur said.When asked about the action to be taken by cyber cell, Thakur said it is a case of identity theft. \"There are laws to handle such cases,\" Thakur added.On being asked about the reasons of complaint when there is no obscene comment posted on such pages, Kanika's mother, Madhu Tiwari said they would not wait for any thing like that to happen. \"Internet is an open platform where anyone can post comment. Complaining to cyber-cell was a precautionary measure to put brakes on such activities on internet,\" she said.== Mid-day meal: 98k tonnes of foodgrain allocated for Q1, Q2Bhopal: Food grains have been sanctioned to primary and middle schools under the Mid-day Meal programme. More than 98,000 tonnes of foodgrains have been allocated by the state government for the first and second quarters of the year 2012-13, an official release said.Mid-day Meal programme council under the Panchayat and Rural development Department has released the allocation of food grains for the next financial year.The State Government has directed chief executive officers of Zilla Panchayats to ensure timely procurement of food grains allocation, availability of food grains in schools and undertake inspections from time to time. They have also been asked to ensure that the implementation agency should not be provided food grains below average quality, the release stated. The quarterly quota of food grains received from the Union Government for Midday Meal programme can be procured from base depots of FCI a month in advance till 25th of the last month of the quarter.Instructions have also been given to CEOs to maintain monthly information about allocation and procurement under the programme, also its procurement, distribution and utilisation at the school level. They have been directed to ensure that the allocation does not lapse in any condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12118873", "title": "BJP\u2019s minority candidate expects major upheaval", "text": "LUCKNOW: Signalling a paradigm shift from its age-old tradition, the Bharatiya Janata Party this time has fielded a Muslim candidate, Safi Shakeel Alam, from Sahaswan assembly seat in Budaun.The last Muslim MLA elected from this seat was Samajwadi Party's Mir Mazhar Ali alias Nanhe Mian, who won the poll in 1993 defeating Omkar Singh of Janta Dal.Speaking to TOI, Safi, a generator mechanic said, \"This is the second election of my life. Earlier, I had contested the 2004 parliamentary elections from Sambhal on Navbharat Nirman Party ticket. This time I decided to go with the BJP. The reasons for this are very clear. In the last six decades or so, Muslims have been exploited to the hilt by parties like Congress, which promised poll goodies but forgot the electorate after they got the mandate in their favour.In 1990s, parties like SP and Bahujan Samaj Party arrived in the political arena, and the battle to bag the Muslim votes became more intense. BJP, over the years, has strived hard to ensure the development of the state and the nation, thanks to its nationalist approach. Barring BJP, all other political parties have fooled the Muslims every five years.\"Prior to Navbharat Nirman Party he was with the BSP for 17 years. \"I joined the BSP in 1986 and worked with Kanshi Ram. I left the party in 2003 when I realised that it was functioning against Kanshi Ram's ideology,\" he said. When asked to elaborate on the issues which dominate the election scene in Sahaswan, Safi said, \"Nationalism has already over-powered casteism and communalism here to a great extent. And, nationalism is big enough to cover all the aspects related to the economic and social development of the place. Though the place does not have much amenities as far as higher education is concerned, it is the absence of specialised healthcare, which needs the highest quantum of attention.\"Narrating the difficulties he underwent during campaigning, the 47-year-old BJP candidate said, \"The place is inhabited by roughly 80,000 Muslims. Initially, they were surprised to see me as a BJP candidate. But, gradually they understood my agenda. And, to a great extent, I have been able to convince them that it is high time to shed differences with Hindus and co-exist peacefully. Only this would ensure the all-round development of the Muslims.\"\"In Bareilly and Bareilly Cantonment, Muslims constitute a significant chunk of the electorate, yet both the seats are stronghold of the BJP. This is because BJP MLAs have worked hard to ensure development in the area. Moreover, the BJP candidates have clean image as compared to rival parties, which gives them an edge. In Pilibhit, I came to know that the incumbent MLA Riyaz Ahmed is facing tough time from BJP candidate. Such types of transformations are slow, but they are strong enough to alter the political landscape,\" said the BJP candidate.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12110904", "title": "Leggy ladies at RWITC, Mumbai", "text": "There were scores of gorgeous women notching up the temperatures at the turf of the RWITC this Sunday.The members of the delegation from Australia were special guests as members of the Victoria Racing Club were also present.Delna Poonawalla made a special effort to design and style her three gorgeous friends - Yanita from Ukraine , Lisa Haydon and Simran Kaur Mundi - as the special models of the day in bright and solid colors. The season's most anticipated race hosted by the Poonawalla family galloped into the hearts and minds of everyone present. The air was abuzz with excitement in the lead up to the race as scores of aficionados eagerly made their way to the lush green turfs of the RWITC Mahalaxmi Race Course to sample a weekend of not just action, but fun, fashion and fortune as well.To add to the festive ambience, a contest to determine the first four-placed horses offered a grand prize of a car. The best turned-out lady and gentleman were awarded special prizes. Shane and Falguni Peacock chose the best dressed male and female of the day. The day culminated in a grand party with 'high tea', eagerly attended by hundreds of invitees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117252", "title": "A poor Parsi: One who doesn't earn Rs 50,000 per month", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay Parsi Punchayet on Friday told the Bombay High Court that it considers a Parsi who earns under Rs 50,000 a month to be \"poor\" and hence eligible for allotment of a flat at subsidised rent.A division bench of Justices P B Majmudar and Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing a petition filed by Rohinton Taraporewala against BPP's president Dinshaw Mehta and other trustees.Taraporewala, who is in his 60s, lives in Tarapur. He has contended in his petition that he is \"poor and eligible'' for housing, but BPP has allotted flats at Panthaky Baug in Andheri to people who are \"richer\" than him. He has also said that he and his wife are ailing and require to live in Mumbai to avail of medical treatment.When the matter came up for hearing, Taraporewala's lawyer was not present. BPP advocate Percy Gandhi said a copy of the petition had not been served to his client. \"He is not poor and has moved court because he was not allotted a flat at Panthaky Baug. He is very rich and has acres and acres of land. These flats are for the poor and needy,'' said Gandhi.To a query from the judges as to who is defined as poor by the BPP, Gandhi replied, \"A person earning income below Rs 50,000 a month is regarded as poor.'' Justice Majmudar remarked, \"We have not come across any poor Parsi.\"On October 15, 2009 the HC allowed BPP to sell 108 flats at Panthaky Baug at rates approved by the Charity Commissioner to cross-subsidise housing for needy Parsis. Some 300 flats are to be constructed and given on a merit-rating scheme.Gandhi submitted that the108 flats \"are also to be also sold to poor and needy Parsis'' and as Taraporewala is \"not poor\", he was not allotted a flat. Directing that a copy of the petition be served on BPP, the judges have adjourned the matter for two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12118406", "title": "Who killed Chandrika Rai? The plot thickens", "text": "BHOPAL: In less than three weeks, the gruesome murder of journalist Chandrika Rai and his family has been \"solved\" by the MP police no less than three times. Indeed, every revelation that the cops have made about the massacre so far has only deepened the mystery.Rai, 43, his wife Durga, 39, son Jalaj, 20, and daughter Nisha, 17, were found dead, battered with an iron rod at their residence in Umaria town on February 18. Rai worked for various newspapers and in the weeks leading up to his murder, he was reporting on the coal mining mafia in the region.Rai's murder didn't go unnoticed: a couple of days after the massacre, Unesco included Rai among the eight Indian scribes murdered since 2008 on its website, and its director general Irina Bokova demanded that the MP government hunt down the killers.Though a muddling Madhya Pradesh police claimed on Thursday that Rai and his family were bludgeoned to death in their home by their driver, it was the latest in a series of mindboggling somersaults that the cops have made in the case so far.Rai's agitated relatives are now demanding a CBI investigation into the killings. Many are wondering how a frail driver, Ramesh Yadav, weighing no more than 55 kg, could batter four members of the family, including the well-built Rai without any resistance that would have alerted neighbours. The Rais lived in a crowded area with their tenant, a woman who stayed on the first floor.The police claimed the driver had confessed to the killings. Senior officers even gave details of how Yadav massacred the four with nothing but an iron rod.But Yadav had surfaced, out of the blue as it were, after the police had let it out that Rai was himself not in the clear; that he was involved in the abduction of a seven-year-old son of a government official. The cops even produced three mobile phones and SIM cards, saying these held the key and that Rai, or his accomplices, had made ransom calls from these phones.Rai had suddenly turned into a blackmailer. He was threatening the kidnappers with exposure and extorting money. Umaria SP Manohar Singh Jhamra called a press conference claiming two \"kidnappers\", who had been arrested, had confessed that Rai was \"blackmailing\" them and so they eliminated the clan.This story did not hold for more than 48 hours. For, the police soon said it was Rai's own driver who made a \"friendly entry\" and killed everybody to steal Rs 22,000 to marry off his brother. Rai was no longer involved in any blackmail or abduction.\"The whole thing is a sham, including the latest police claim,\" said Shyam Behari Rai, the journalist's cousin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12118045", "title": "'Dropping EVS will mean less awareness'", "text": "NAGPUR: A recent affidavit filed in the Supreme Court by the National Council of Educational Research (NCER) and Training (NCERT) says that environmental studies (EVS) will cease to be a separate subject anymore. It says that NCERT plans to offer environmental studies in an 'infused model' rather than an individual subject.\"This is in violation of Supreme Court's directives which state that environmental studies must be a separate subject,\" said Yogeshwar Dudhapachare, Hod, geography department and EVS teacher, Janta Mahavidyalaya, Chandrapur.Even when EVS was compulsory, it was a subject which was neglected more often than not. As it was a grade subject and marked internally, students hardly paid attention. In most cases, students were asked to make a project and submit it at the end of the year and got marks for it.NCERT claims that mixing of EVS components in other subjects will solve this problem as students will have to pay attention and score, but Dudhapachare disagrees.\"What they are proposing is a kind of a bypass. It is a subject to be taught outside the four walls of the class room. Instead of finding ways to improve the methods, they have just scrapped it. We will oppose this move,\" he said.\"This is taking a step backward. They are taking the subject out at a time when a child starts building an understanding of things around him. It will adversely affect awareness among children. It is funny that at a time when environmental issues are taking centre stage at the international level, NCERT is taking such a regressive step,\" said Kaustav Chatterjee, visiting faculty, post graduate department of environmental science, Institute of Science.What is needed say the teachers and activists is proper implementation of the subject. Instead of being graded, it should be marked. It should have a bearing on the overall result of the student. Kalpana Chinchkhede, teacher, St Xavier's High School, Hingna, thinks the move might actually help in making students study environmental issues.\"Students take this subject very lightly as it is not a marked one. If portions of the subject are incorporated in other subjects, they will have no choice but to study it,\" she said.Dudhapachare said that scattered learning of the subject will not help. \"Learning has to be specific, channelized and supplemented with outdoor opportunities for which aid and amenities weren't provided. It's all a play of economics. Funds would be needed for proper implementation of the subject.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12118005", "title": "CR to link stations via high-tech system", "text": "MUMBAI: The Central Railway has decided to beef up its security to minimize damage to lives in case of a terror attack. In response to the series of attacks inside trains and on railway premises in the past, it has proposed a Rs 37-crore integrated security system ( ISS) at six stations in the metro and two elsewhere in the state. The system would first be set up at CST, Dadar, Kurla, LTT, Thane and Kalyan stations in the city as well as at Nagpur and Pune stations.\"We are in the process of setting of a high-tech integrated security system at eight stations in the jurisdiction of the Central Railway. Passenger safety is our top priority and we are sure that the entire plan will be implemented in a time-bound period,'' Subodh Jain, general manager, Central Railway, told TOI.Elaborating on the integrated security system, Jain said that more emphasis will be put on personal screening by hand-held and doorframe metal detectors and frisking of suspected cases. \"Baggage screening will be done through large-sized X-ray machines and, in addition, an explosive detective system will also be installed. Of course, a CCTV system, too, will be installed at all these stations,'' Jain said.Ever since Jain took charge at the Central Railway, he has lined up an action plan for effective security system at all important and sensitive stations in his jurisdiction. CR's emphasis is on personal visits and quick action on feedback received.According to a railway board official, in the aftermath of the series of terror attacks on the railway network and key railway stations, CR decided to implement an integrated security system at 202 important and sensitive stations across the country, in the first phase. Out of these, the system is scheduled to become functional at 76 stations by March 31, 2012, and at the remaining by 2012-13. \"The system provides for multiple screening and checking of passengers, right from the point of entry,'' he said.The board official claimed that the integrated security system, comprising latest machines and software, will supplement conventional methods of security, which are also being strengthened. \"We have proposed dedicated control rooms at strategic locations for round-the-clock monitoring though a CCTV-based surveillance system. The CCTV system will be installed in station areas in such a manner that it covers the entire station premises, including the concourse, waiting halls, platforms and over bridges.''He further said that the CCTV system will be connected to the internet and transmit automatic signals in case of suspected baggage, excessive crowd and intrusion by unauthorized persons. In fact, suspected vehicles would be checked with the help of automatic vehicle scanners at the entry gates from where vehicles enter station premises.On the effective functioning of the integrated security system, the official said trained railway protection force personnel could be deployed for the purpose. \"We will ensure smooth functioning of the machines and software, and annual maintenance will be an integral part of the contract.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12116535", "title": "RTI activist Shehla Masood may have been killed for closeness to BJP MLA", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI which on Friday made another arrest in the Shehla Masood murder case is ascertaining whether the businessperson-turned-RTI activist was killed because of her rivalry with accused Zahida Pervez for the affection of BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh.CBI arrested Saba Farooqi, an employee and alleged confidante of Zahida, for shielding information about Shehla's murder. \"She (Saba) is believed to be a friend of the alleged conspirator in the killing and is understood to be aware of the crime and believed to be assisting in the conspiracy,\" CBI spokesperson Dharini Mishra said while announcing the fresh arrest in the case.According to CBI sources, entries in her diary that Zahida meticulously maintained point out that her intense competition with Shehla over the BJP legislator was the chief motive for the crime. Investigators have gathered evidence which shows that Zahida was obsessed with Singh and intensely resented his proximity to Shehla.Sources also said that the questioning of the accused including the two hired killers has revealed that Zahida, an architect and interior decorator, who came to know Singh in 2007, became so possessive of him that she had one of her employees exclusively devoted to monitoring his movements and analyzing call details through his bills.Zahida tracked MLA's activitiesAgency sources, citing entries in her diary, said Zahida tracked MLA's activities, including who he met and spoke with. An entry in her diary on a day before her alleged rival was killed records Zahida's anguish over the fact that Singh had not spoken to her for 2-3 days, but talked to Shehla for half-an-hour.On another occasion, Zahida along with her employee Saba Farooqui, who was arrested on Friday, tailed Singh in her car when he visited Shehla's house and spent about half-an-hour there, sources claimed.Her anger seemed to be peaking as shortly before the crime, Zahida scribbled in her personal diary \"I will either commit suicide, or kill Masood\".To the investigators, the clinching entry was the one that Zahida scribbled on August 16, the day Shehla was murdered around 11.15 am outside her home. \"I was depressed. Saquib had called around 11.15. He said 'mubarak ho. Ghar ke samne kaam ho gaya\", Zahida wrote in the diary, the source said. According to sources, she and Saba engaged in some celebration after hearing about Shehla's killing.Although investigators are in touch with Singh and plan to interrogate him, the BJP legislator is not regarded as a suspect yet.Investigations have also established that Shehla was close to another BJP politician from Madhya Pradesh with whom she toured abroad for 40 days. The intimacy led to serious tensions within the MP's family.The agency seems pleased with the progress in what was regarded as a blind case, with investigators doggedly trawling through reams of telephone call details to zero in on the accused -- Zahida and Saquib 'Danger' - and her link with contract killers from Kanpur -- Irfan and Shanu Alauga who was subsequently shot dead in a gang war.It was while mining the details of calls that were made from the area where Shehla was gunned down that the investigators homed in on Saquib and his accomplices. Closer scrutiny of telephone calls showed that Saquib was in touch with Shanu who was present in the area at the time of the crime. Saquib's proximity to Zahida was brought out by the fact, sources claimed, that there were at least 60 calls between them.The investigation revealed that Shanu called Saquib seven minutes after Shehla was shot dead outside her house on Bhopal , at 11.22 am, shooter Shanu had called Saquib and at 11.29 am, Saquib called Zahida to inform her about the killing.Zahida came to know Saquib in 2007 when he came to collect payments on behalf of one of her business partners. Finding him useful, she allegedly developed a close friendship with Saquib and asked him to finish off Shehla for her. Sources said Saquib is believed to have told her that while he could not do the job himself, he knew some people who could do it.Shanu, believed to have been killed in November last year and Irfan, who was subsequently arrested by UP Special Task Force in some case - were hired for a sum of Rs 3three lakh of which Rs 2 lakh was paid as advance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12123407", "title": "Kajal Aggarwal on a 'role'!", "text": "Kajal Aggarwal recently shot with Suriya for K V Anad's Maattrraan in Hyderabad.\"I've got a couple of more days of work left on this film. I'll also complete Thuppaki soon, and I hear both the film will release sometime mid year,\" she informs.Prod her on the characters she plays in these two films, and Kajal diplomatically says she isn't authorised to disclose details on them yet.However, she adds, \"My characters in these two films are entirely different from each other. In Maatraan, I play an unconventional role. I've had to push myself an extra mile to get my character right. It was necessary for me to learn different languages, including Tamil and Russian, for the same. We've also shot across the globe for the film. And for A R Murugadoss sir's film, I'm just being myself. Working with Vijay has been exciting. Also, I play this very naughty and childish girl in it. But, at the same time, my character has a lot to do in this film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12118462", "title": "Le Meridien bags top tourism honours", "text": "KOCHI: Le Meridien Kochi, managed by Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide, has won the title of best hotel based 5-Star Convention Hotel at the National Tourism Awards, 2010-11.The award was received by P Mohammed Ali, chairman of Oman-based Mfar Hotels and Rajesh K Madan, general manager, Le Meridien Kochi.Spread over 25 acres Le Meridien has 223 rooms and luxury suites targeted at a global clientele. At present, the hotel's convention center is being renovated to offer an additional capacity of 40,000 sq ft which can accommodate up to 2,500 delegates in 12 air-conditioned halls, covering an area of 60,000 sq ft.\"This is the largest air-conditioned space among South Indian hotels,\" Madan said. The hotel has an additional lawn area of 95,000 sq ft to support conventions through exhibition booths, air-conditioned hangars and meal venues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12117976", "title": "\u2018Tihar spent Rs 22 lakh to guard Katara killers\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Tihar jail authorities spent Rs 22 lakh in guarding Nitish Katara's killers on their frequent visits to hospitals in past three years. Delhi high court was informed about the expenses borne by the prison in paying salaries to the guards employed outside the hospital rooms to secure the brothers while they were admitted.HC was also told that the brothers were often taken to the hospital in taxi, incurring additional expense. HC pulled up the prison authorities for failing to take any step against the brother's numerous \"unwarranted\" visits to various hospitals from jail and their long stays. \"Vishal remained hospitalized at Batra hospital for nearly three-and-half months for nothing and you did not take any action,\" observed a bench of justices Gita Mittal and V K Shali.HC rubbished jail authority's explanation that Vishal was being taken to Batra Hospital in pursuance of an earlier direction of the HC for taking him to the private hospital for check up at his own expenses. \"What had stopped you from seeking a review of that order?\" the court asked, adding if that is the case then all the inmates should be taken to the same hospital for treatment.During the arguments, the counsel for Neelam Katara told HC that \"Vishal remained hospitalized from February 25 to June 4, 2009 at Batra Hospital following complaints of stomach disorder and was being administered Flagyl tablet.\"The bench took on record the health reports, filed by AIIMS following the examination of Vikas and Vishal by a medical board as per the court's earlier direction. It fixed the case for next hearing on March 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "12122012", "title": "Centre sanctions \u2018special package\u2019 of Rs 130 cr for Tirap and Changlang", "text": "ITANAGAR: The Centre has sanctioned a 'special package' of Rs 130 crore for modernization of police forces in the troubled Tirap and Changlang districts of Arunachal Pradesh, Union minister of state for home Mullapally Ramachandran said here on Thursday. \"The package is meant for improvement of all the existing police stations and opening of new ones in both the districts,\" the minister told reporters before leaving for New Delhi.The twin districts are the bases of Naga militant outfits NSCN-IM and NSCN-K, who are engaged in extortions, killings and factional fights in these areas.When asked to comment on the measures being taken on the reported movement of underground elements from across the border into the twin districts and the hardship being faced by the people, the Union minister said that the Centre was aware of the problem. \"I am aware of the problem and that is why I am here to study the ground realities of this sensitive border state,\" he added.Ramachandran, who arrived here last evening on his maiden visit to the state, convened a high-level meeting today, which was attended by parliamentary secretary (home) Gadam Ete, chief secretary Tabom Bam, home commissioner T Taloh and senior police officers headed by IGP SBK Singh. The IGP apprised the minister of the security scenario of the state, official sources informed without divulging the details of the meeting.Ramachandran, earlier during the day, called on governor J J Singh at the Raj Bhavan, an official release said. They discussed the overall internal security scenario of the state and other initiatives required from the ministry. Highlighting the strategic importance of the state, the governor emphasized on expediting police modernization and providing adequate funds to implement the programme. He also called for recruitment of more state civil police personnel.Later, Ramachandran went around the Raj Bhavan compound and visited the horticulture garden, beehives, a country chicken farm, medicinal plants house, orchid centre and kitchen garden on the premises. He also had a taste of organic produce from the kitchen garden.Ramachandran appreciated the efforts of the governor in making the Raj Bhavan as a repository of ideas, the release added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12118538", "title": "Corporation issues tough diktat", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The corporation health squad has issued special notices to slaughter houses and hotels in connection with renewal of licenses. The owners have been asked to furnish all the details regarding dumping and processing of waste while filing the application for renewal of licenses.\"We will check if the owner has taken any steps to process waste on his own. The application will not be considered if he is found dumping the garbage in public places. Two notices had earlier been issued in this regard,\" said a senior official associated with health squad.The notice which was served in 25 health circles has already started to producing results. All the slaughterhouses functioning in Nemom area have identified specific spots for processing the waste generated by them. A few of them have also started selling it to the farmers in neighbouring areas as manure.Already some hotels in Kumarapuram and Karamana have set up waste management units. The applications point out that the mini-plants would be fully functional by the end of March. The squad has also strictly warned the hotel owners against digging pits and burying the left overs of meat and vegetables. \"The applications which cite digging pits as the way for processing waste have been withheld. They have been asked to come up with a scientific measure for waste processing,\" the official said. Meanwhile the health squad has intensified its drive against illegal dumping of garbage in public places.The health squad on Wednesday night seized eighteen vehicles for unlawfully dumping garbage. The vehicles which were loaded with hotel waste, were seized from Chalai at around 2am. The squad took the vehicles to the corporation garage area and fine ranging from Rs 1000 to Rs 2500 were levied from each of them. This is the first time the health squad has had such a massive seizure of vehicles that attempted to unload the garbage on road sides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12121471", "title": "Sneha Ullal is bored of the lookalike tag", "text": "The actor wants to be known as more than just someone who looks like Aishwarya RaiShe may not like it, but the fact is that Sneha Ullal continues to be known as the girl who was introduced as a lookalike of Aishwarya Rai , in a film with Salman Khan , shortly after his breakup from Ash.Years later, Sneha maintains that the lookalike tag has become old and is not heard often these days. \"I'm glad that people don't refer to me like that much - it was getting boring seeing the same stuff written about me that I was cast in Lucky because of the strong resemblance,\" she says.Despite being launched by Salman and Sohail Khan , subsequently, it appeared that Sneha was not supported by her mentors to further her career. \"There was nothing more that Salman could have done for me at that point of time. He has and will always support me. But he realized then that I was just a kid and couldn't be pushed too much. As a launch vehicle, Lucky was amazing and I believe I gave it my all. But if I had been launched now, things would have been different, as I know enough to survive in the industry and maybe even give it my 200%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12116518", "title": "Is Gupta hiding in Kolkata?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police suspect that absconding realtor GS Gupta could be hiding in Kolkata where he has several close relatives. Currently five teams are trying to track down Gupta and his absconding associates, but so far, the shrewd realtor has managed to cover his tracks.Five teams headed by ACPs Ramnarasimha Reddy and Rama Rao are working on the whereabouts of Gupta. While a few teams have gone to Kolkata where he was spotted two days ago, other teams have gone to Delhi and Uttar Pradesh.Police say that after leaving the city a fortnight ago Gupta had gone to Kolkata where his son-in-law lives. \"He may not be available there now but we will question his relatives to know about his whereabouts,\" said an official.Police have kept a close watch on the phone calls of Gupta's close friends and relatives in the city. Gupta apparently called up one of his friends recently from a small town in Uttar Pradesh close to the Nepal border. So, as it is impossible for Gupta to fly out of the country due to Look Out Circulars issued against him, police suspect that he might try to sneak into Nepal and find a safe haven there.Interestingly, it was not DLF which first lodged a complaint against the realtor but GS Gupta himself approached the CCS alleging that the Gurgaon-based construction giant duped him to the tune of Rs 80 crore.In his complaint lodged with the police, Gupta alleged that DLF collected Rs 180 crore from customers by announcing the construction of a residential complex at Banjara Hills but cheated him by not giving 50% share in the money, which was part of the agreement.However, after proposing the venture and collecting money from the customers, DLF realized that the land was not owned by Gupta or his associates as he claimed and started refunding the entire amount with interest to all the customers.At this juncture, one of the customers who purchased a flat in the venture by paying Rs 2 crore also lodged a complaint against DLF saying that his money was not refunded.CCS booked two separate FIRs against DLF in this regard. But subsequently dropped both the cases after realizing that Gupta was at fault and DLF refunded the entire amount with interest to the customer in the second case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12116944", "title": "Woman robs youth of foreign currency", "text": "MADURAI: Police have launched a hunt for a woman who allegedly stole foreign currency worth over Rs 2.5 lakh from a youth in a bus.The youth was travelling in a bus in Madurai when the woman with an infant diverted his attention and stole the cash. Besides US dollars, the woman also stole Singapore dollars, dirhams and ringgits from the youth. Police said that G Rajasekaran (24) of Sekkalai Road in Karaikudi was working with a money transfer firm and used to bring foreign currencies to Madurai from Karaikudi and transfer it into rupees to be given to relatives of NRIs.On the afternoon of February 27, he was travelling in a private bus to Madurai when a young woman carrying an infant boarded the bus. As the bus started moving, the woman neared the place where Rajasekaran was seated. Moments later, she requested him to hold the child as she was finding it difficult to hold the baby in the moving bus.When the bus reached Keelavalavu village near Madurai, she took the baby and got down from the bus. When the bus reached Navinipatti village, Rajasekaran reached his bag for fetching his drinking water bottle. He found that the bag was already open and the cash was missing.\"Rajasekaran said in his complaint that he possessed US dollars, Singapore dollars, Malaysian ringgits, Dubai dirhams, Saudi riyals as well as currencies of Qatar, Kuwait and Bahrain, all valued at Rs 2.53 lakh. We have shown him photographs of three suspects, but he said that it was none of them. We have launched a hunt for the women with the help of the identity given by Rajasekaran,'' a police officer said. Police have zeroed in on more suspects and said that they would nab the culprit soon. In any case, the woman could not transfer the money and spend it, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12118724", "title": "IAF holds combat test exercise in NE", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Eastern Air Command of the Indian Air Force (IAF) has launched a major exercise codenamed 'Pralay' in the Brahmaputra valley and rest of eastern India. This exercise, which began on Wednesday, also involves joint army-air force operations by the IAF's Eastern Air Command, based in Shillong, and the Eastern Command of the army, headquartered in Kolkata.IAF officials in Shillong said this annual exercise is aimed at testing the combat potential of the Air Force in various roles such as air defence, strike operations, offensive ground support operations, counter air operations, electronic warfare, joint operations with the army, including special operations by day and night. \"For the exercise, forces were moved from other commands well. Su 30 MKI, Mirage-2000, Mig-29, Jaguar, Bison, Mi-17, AN-32, C-130, AWACS and flight refueling aircraft as well as remotely-piloted aircraft from the army are taking part in the exercise,\" the IAF official said.IAF officials said a lot of emphasis was given to Special Forces' operations and night operations in conjunction with ground forces during 'Pralay'. The exercise with ground forces, particularly in the valleys of Arunachal Pradesh, are being conducted both by day and night. \"Bombing missions at air-to-ground ranges by all aircraft under dense air defence environment are being practised both by day and night. The exercise includes facets of network-centric operations, electronic warfare as well as information warfare,\" he added.Apart from war fighting in the skies, various ground contingencies related to Air Force operations are being tested during the ongoing exercise. The officials said, \"The changing times in terms of technological advancement and changed pattern of operations training necessitates this exercise to be flown in changed setting. Lessons learnt from this exercise would be incorporated in future operational strategies for the region.\"The Eastern Army Command is also actively taking part in training their forces in the joint operations. The exercise would culminate in long-range bombing missions simulating deep strikes in enemy territory. Sources said the exercise will be completed on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12118738", "title": "24x7 water supply a pipe dream", "text": "BHOPAL: Round the clock water supply from Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) to city residents appears like a pipe dream, if the ground reality is an indication.Higher-ups will find the going tough on the issue given the number of Congress corporators and their stated stand to such move. Besides, they will have another major factor to contend with -- the absence of any system.Strangely, supplying water under the PPP model is being discussed at a time when the corporation reportedly is wanting to revert to providing water on alternate day.The same arrangement was in existence for some three years before the civic body switched to daily supply from February 1.\"We have sufficient water provided it is distributed properly,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said. \"The project will be completed in a year,\" he assured. However, the extensive work it requires before the scheme can see the light of day would take much more time than claimed by the commissioner.To provide water on 24x7 basis the BMC will have to lay around 2,300 km of new pipeline in Bhopal-both the new and the old parts of the city. The corporation will also have to construct ten overhead tanks for the proper water storage, says Sudhir Kalra, the city engineer of the corporation.\"For the ongoing Narmada project, we have already laid down around 918 km of pipeline in the city. But after this proposal we will have to redesign the whole water distribution system and lay another 2,300 km of pipeline,\" Karla explained.\"There would be no new water sources,\" he said adding, \"We will take water from the Upper Lake, Kolar Dam and Narmada.\"The issue found no resonance with the Congress corporators, who boycotted a meeting that was scheduled to discuss the proposed PPP model.Congress corporator Shahid Khan, \"It is a misleading scheme and an eyewash. And whenever it is implemented, it would hike the water tariff.\" The Congress corporators also pointed out that the existing Narmada water project is still not ready when a new project is being discussed.Mahira Salamuddin, Congress corporator, has another point to make. She alleged that the present plan is being discussed only for the new Bhopal. \"Why are they keeping residents of old city out of this,\" she said.Currently, Kolar has around 43.95 mcm of water, while its capacity is 270 mcm. Similarly, the Upper Lake has a capacity of around 1660.90 mcm, but has only 52 mc water available for use.The BMC can withdraw only 40 mgd water at a time from Narmada. As of now, Bhopal is receiving 10 mgd water from the river.At a meeting on March 1, the BMC discussed the new scheme amid Congress protests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12116361", "title": "IPS trainee appears for inquiry in cheating case", "text": "CHENNAI: IPS trainee officer V Varun Kumar on Friday appeared before social welfare officer Shanthi at the collector's office on Rajaji Salai on summons by the official.On December 9, 2011, G Priyadarshini, daughter of retired deputy superintendent of police Gokul Sagar, submitted a petition to police commissioner J K Tripathy seeking action against Varun Kumar for cheating her.After the case was forwarded to assistant commissioner of police (Vadapalani) R Srinivasan and then to assistant commissioner of police (anti-dowry cell) C Shyamala Devi, it was sent to social welfare officer Shanthi.While Varun Kumar and his family appeared before the officer and their statements recorded, Priyadarshini and her family, too, deposed before the officer. Further questioning has been postponed.After the inquiry, Varun Kumar left for Hyderabad to continue training at the national police academy (NPA) where he will remain till May.Varun Kumar had told investigation officers that he had been in love with Priyadarshini but denied the charges of cheating she had levelled against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12116806", "title": "6L gold stolen from Margao house", "text": "MARGAO: In a daylight robbery, unidentified culprits broke into a house belonging to Surendra Malkarnekar near Club Harmonia, Margao, Thursday morning, and decamped with gold ornaments and valuables all worth over 6 lakh.Police sources informed that the thieves gained entry into the house by breaking open the main door using a crowbar. The theft occurred between 9am and 1pm.Investigations have revealed that the modus operandi of the thieves was similar to the one adopted by the culprits in the theft that occurred at Dongrim, Navelim, earlier this week. On the night of February 27, unknown thieves had broken into a house owned by Suraj Mahajan at Dongrim, Navelim, and decamped with gold ornaments and other valuables worth over 5 lakh.Police surmise that a gang of thieves is on the prowl and are striking at locked houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12117032", "title": "Jamshedpur college head wants to revive lost glory", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The newly appointed principal in-charge of Jamshedpur Workers College ( JWC) has said the primary task at hand is to improve the overall education scenario on the campus. D P Shukla, who assumed the office of principal on Friday following unceremonious exit of his predecessor A K Sinha, said henceforth 75% attendance in class would be mandatory for the students to appear in term examinations.He said his only agenda would be to restore the lost glory of the college. Announcing his future plan about the development of the college, Shukla said efforts would be made to ensure cent per cent result of the college in the coming days. He said despite all odds he would make efforts to ensure regular classes and timely attendance of the students.\"The commerce stream has been performing impressively for the past three years and our effort will be to make all the streams perform equally,\" said Shukla, who was the head of the department of commerce in the college before becoming the principal.Shukla, who was the director in-charge of the masters in business administration (MBA) department, said MBA students had been doing well. Kolhan University has removed Sinha following the embarrassing incident of back flags shown to vicechancellor Salil Roy by student's union members on February 25 seeking probe into the alleged financial irregularities in the college. The university panel that probed into the episode recommended Sinha's exit till the final inquiry into the alleged financial irregularities is over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12118237", "title": "AMC asked to include 'spirit of city' in Unesco dossier", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team consisting of European experts from leading architecture schools has advised Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) to include intangible aspects of heritage of the walled city in the Unesco dossier.These aspects include belief systems, religion, trading traditions, syncretic culture, food, unique practices, philosophies and legends.The expert team consisted of Henri Cleere from the UK, Prof Jukka Jokilehto, who is special advisor to the director general of International Centre for the Study of the Preservation and Restoration of Cultural Property. Also included in the team were Gujarat head of Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) K C Nauriyal, Prof Nalini Thakur of School of Planning and Architecture, Delhi, and Sanjay Shridhar, strategy manager of EMBARQ Bangalore.The experts strongly felt that apart from relying heavily on architecture, town planning principles and old monuments, the story of Ahmedabad for Unesco dossier should also include instances of community participation towards heritage preservation.In the proposal prepared for ASI, which is a nodal agency in the whole process, the AMC has listed three outstanding universal values (OUV) for the walled city. These include the historical architecture, city settlement patterns and sculptures and the story of the enterprising people of Ahmedabad.\"The experts had also encouraged a little bit of excavation in the walled city to unearth more evidences that can throw fresh light on Ahmedabad's culture. In a few months from now we will have heritage protection laws. There is a special committee working on incentive schemes for heritage property owners. Collectively, Ahmedabad's dossier should reflect the aspiration of Amdavadis to be called citizens of a world heritage city and we are working towards that,\" said AMC commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12121212", "title": "Over 400 SMS nurses strike work", "text": "JAIPUR: More than 400 nurses at SMS struck work on Friday in protest against salary structure and the government's decision to involve them in the distribution of Schedule 'H' drugs under the CM's free medicine scheme. The striking nurses said dispensing of Schedule H drugs is an offence and this could tantamount to six month imprisonment.In reply to a question filed under RTI about who could dispense such drugs, the Pharmacy Council of India on February 22, stated, ''Under the Pharmacy Act 1942 Section 42, no one but a registered pharmacist can compound, prepare , mix or dispense any medicine . If any person violates this, he/she will be punishable with an imprisonment of 6 months or a fine upto Rs 1,000 or both.'' Nurses worried about legal issues.Jaipur: The nurses, who staged dharna and took out a rally at the Sawai Man Singh hospital on Friday said apart from demanding parity in salaries with the Centre, they are also worried about the legal cases which they could face for dispensing medicines at drug distribution counters.Rajendra Singh Rana, president of Rajasthan Rajya Nurses Association (United) said, ''We have written several times to the medical, health and family welfare department since the scheme was launched. We demanded that if they want to us to dispense these medicines, then they should get us registered in the pharmacy council , so that we get legal cover.''The medical, health and family welfare department had introduced the scheme with an argument that under drug and cosmetic rules 1945 Section 23, which states, ''Drugs supplied by multipurpose workers attached to primary health centres /sub centres, community health volunteers under rural health scheme, nurses, ANM, midwifes and lady health visitors attached to urban family welfare centres/ primary health centres/sub centres and anganwadi workers can dispense drugs only under Schedule K but not H.''A medical health and family welfare department claimed that they do not require pharmacists by giving reference to the Drugs and Cosmetic Rules, 1945 in rural areas as they handed over the nurses. But, a pharmacist Lokesh Kumar Gautam, who filed a writ in the Jaipur High Court recently, said, ''Under the Drug and Cosmetic Act nurses can dispense only schedule K drugs not schedule H drugs.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12118516", "title": "E-toilet network project likely to be scrapped", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The project envisaged to put up an e-toilet network in the city that was taken up eight months ago, may be scrapped. Though authorities are not ready to affirm it, they said there were some impediments in realizing the project.It was former collector Dinesh Aurora who had ordered installation of e-toilet units at 13 locations along the arterial road in the city using Centre-aided district innovation fund (DIF). However, the present collector, K N Satheesh, has detected a technical glitch in the order that has made the project difficult to realize.According to DIF guidelines, the fund can only be used for modernization works in which upgrading of existing facilities is involved. Introduction of new systems and facilities are not allowed under the DIF, Satheesh said.The collector also didn't seem happy about the entire revenue generated from the units going to the company. There is a huge imbalance here as it is the district administration that implements and maintains the facility,\" said the collector.However, he didn't want to scrap the project. But was looking at new ways to implement it, he said. \"I have held talks with the tourism secretary on funding of the project. The response has been positive, but nothing has been finalized,\" he said.Meanwhile, officials of Eram Scientific Solutions, the Technopark-based company that provides the project the machinery, said the collector had informed them of the plan to transfer the project to the Tourism Department. The company had already handed over the components of the e-toilet units, which cost around Rs 40 lakh, to Keltron, the government agency that is to execute the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12118310", "title": "New trade plan to allow 40,000 Indians to work in Europe", "text": "LONDON: At least 40,000 Indians may be allowed to work in Europe, including 12,000 in Britain alone, under a secret trade plan between the European Union and New Delhi, a media reprot said, citing leaked documents. The EU has proposed that 40,000 Indian workers will be admitted to Europe without any labour market test as part of the plan to boost export trade with New Delhi, the Daily Mail reported, quoting a leaked copy of the EU/India Free Trade Agreement , due to be signed later this year.Central to the agreement is the European Union's offer on what is known as 'Mode 4', which will allow Indian companies to bring temporary workers into the EU, the newspaper said.According to the leaked papers, out of 40,000 Indians who would be allowed to work in Europe, Britain has been asked to take 12,000, 30% of the total allocation, despite the UK making up 12% of the EU's population. The 12,000 Indian migrants , who would be able to live and work in Britain for six months, will be in addition to people given visas under Britain's supposedly strict immigration cap, the newspaper said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12119036", "title": "AK Jain denied bail, fails to attend father\u2019s funeral", "text": "JAIPUR: Suspended additional director general of police (ADGP) AK Jain, who surrendered himself in Dara Singh encounter case, will not be able to attend the last rituals of his father Suresh Chand Jain who died at his native place in Uttar Pradesh on Friday. A court here rejected Jain's application seeking interim bail for 14 days.A day after 1978-batch officer was hospitalized on a complaint of chest pain, he got the bad news of his father's demise at Saharanpur in UP. After his surrender on Monday, the court had sent him to 14-day CBI custody. \"We immediately moved an application in the special CBI court seeking an interim bail on the grounds that being a son he has the obligation to attend the last rituals. After hearing arguments from the CBI as well as defense, the court of Judge Mahendra Singhal rejected the application,\" said Jain's lawyer Amar Singh.Special public prosecutor CBI Sarfaraz Haider Khan said that the CBI protested the interim bail application on the grounds that the officer who carried a cash reward of Rs 10 lakh was yet to be interrogated. Besides, the officer ignored arrest warrants and evaded arrest for over nine months. He said Jain has been booked under Section 120 B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC. The court while denying the interim bail said since the health of the accused is not in good condition, he cannot be allowed to leave the hospital, Khan said.The SMS Hospital authorities have constituted a medical board to examine the health conditions of the officer. \"All the medical tests including CT Scan and angiography have been conducted. Reports of some of the tests have arrived. There are a few complications as he had gone through brain surgery. He is under constant observation,\" said a doctor.Sources in the CBI said that Jain is likely to remain in the hospital at least till Saturday.Jain, who is accused of supervising a fake encounter of Dara Singh on the Jaipur outskirts on October 23, 2006 as head of the state's special operations group (SOG) had been called to CBI office on May 15 last year along with inspector general (IG) A Ponnuchami, another accused in the case.While Ponnuchami turned up and was arrested, Jain went into hiding. The CBI had filed a chargesheet against 15 policemen in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12116344", "title": "Speaker disqualifies 17 Jagan loyalist MLAs", "text": "HYDERABAD: Paving the way for more bypolls, Assembly Speaker Nadendla Manohar on Friday evening disqualified 16 Congress MLAs loyal to YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy who had defied the party whip and voted for the no-confidence motion moved by the TDP in the House in December last year. The Speaker also accepted the resignation of Shobha Nagi Reddy, another Jagan loyalist who was with the erstwhile PRP which has since merged with the Congress.The 16 Congress MLAS are Kapu Ramachandra Reddy, B Srinivasulu, Pinnelli Ramakrishna Reddy, Mekapati Chandrasekhara Reddy, Gurunatha Reddy, Srikanth Reddy, Chennakesava Reddy, Prasada Raju, Pilli Subhashchandra Bose, Amarnatha Reddy, Babu Rao, Balineni Srinivasa Reddy, Sucharitha, Dharmana Krishna Das, Balaraju and Konda Surekha.Soon after the no-confidence motion was defeated, the Congress Legislature Party (CLP) submitted to the Speaker notices for disqualification to the 16 Congress and the lone PRP MLA for having defied the party whip. In response, the Speaker summoned the MLAs to appear before him but the MLAs refused to do so. Finally, on Friday evening, the 16 Congress MLAs were disqualified by the Speaker under Schedule 2, 1B of the Disqualification Act.Barring any of the disqualified MLAs challenging the Speaker's decision in the courts, bypolls to the 17 Assembly constituencies will become inevitable and will once again test the leadership skills of chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana. \"Already, by polls are scheduled in 7 assembly constituencies on March 18. If the TRS and Jagan loyalists win the bypolls, it will become a major embarrassment for Kiran Kumar Reddy and the chorus for his removal can gather strength.The thinking in the ruling party was that the Jagan loyalists are on a strong wicket and bypolls in which the possibility of the YSR Congress gaining in strength should be avoided at any cost. However, with the disqualifications happening on Friday, barring any last minute hitches, the Congress would have no choice but to contest the polls. As per current indications, the TRS appears to have the edge in the bypolls in Telangana, while the YSR Congress and the TDP in a couple of places seem to have the upper hand in the Andhra and Rayalaseema regions.The bypolls have to be held within six months after the vacancy arises. Kiran Kumar and Botsa for now have to negotiate the bypolls that are scheduled for March 18 and brace for the second and more significant round that could take place somewhere in the second half of 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12118443", "title": "MCG saves pond from being destroyed by land mafia", "text": "GURGAON: The enforcement wing of the MCG on Friday was able to preserve a natural pond from being destroyed by the land mafia.After a complaint was received that some private builders in village Sihi near Garhi Harsaru were trying to fill up the pond with mud and start construction work, the enforcement wing went to the spot and demolished the wall and confiscated the building material.Earlier in the day, trade and slaughter sub-committee of the MCG along with the chief medical officer raided places near Prem Puri that were selling meat in the open and impounded the their wares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12118280", "title": "Power flows from photos: Mao images in Tibet shrines", "text": "BEIJING: A senior Chinese leader on Friday defended the campaign by Communist Party cadre to install portraits of political leaders including president Hu Jintao and Mao Zedong next to the statues of Buddha in shrines across Tibet and Tibetan speaking areas in three other provinces.\"It was part of the celebrations for the liberation of Tibet from slavery. There is nothing wrong about it,\" Zhao Qizheng, spokesman for the annual session of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC), one of the two houses of parliament, said. Zhao was referring to the official celebrations of the 60th anniversary of the \"peaceful liberation of Tibet\" after the People's Liberation Army marched into Lhasa in May 1949.The move is seen by observers as a reasons that caused heart-burning among Tibetans and resulted in a spate of recent self-immolations. These shrines aren't allowed to display photos of the Dalai Lama.Zhao claimed that the move has been \"welcomed by different sections of the people in Tibet\". He held the Dalai Lama responsible for instigating the incidents of self-immolation.Zhao suggested the cases of self-immolation were pre-planned by organized groups and not spontaneous incidents. \"Some people brought video cameras to film the incidents, and some even tried to prevent rescue efforts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bareily/badaun", "code": "12118854", "title": "Mulayam is maulana once again", "text": "BAREILY/BADAUN: Mulayam Singh has revived his Maulana magic with Muslims emerging as Mandate 2012's biggest story. The breeze across Rohilkhand, UP's Muslim belt, carries the message of a minority turnaround after it deserted their post-Babri choice in 2007 and 2009.This may be a key reason behind his optimism. It'd help him mop up votes in community hubs like Moradabad, Bareilly, Badaun, Rampur. Amid reports of similar polarization in eastern UP, Avadh and Devipatan, the minority swing could land major gains for SP.The SP's success in neutralizing minority anger over the \"betrayal\" of embracing ex-saffron mascot Kalyan Singh may help it overcome the challenge of minority outfits like the Peace Party and Ittehadul-e-Millat Council and the Rahul push. While Congress is polling minority votes where its candidate is strong as is BSP, minor outfits are spoilers who would gain at Mulayam's expense.It has put the BJP in strong position in many seats. A whiff of a split could cost SP dear, with Bareilly City being cited as example. SP's brahmin Anil Sharma is strong but seems threatened by five Muslim candidates. The BJP would prefer it to turn a Hindu-Muslim election. The possibility of an H-M polarization is equally strong in Pilibhit, Badaun and Bareilly. The other scenario is the presence of Muslim nominees from SP and Congress, as in Kundarki (Moradabad) which have raised BJP hopes.It cuts both ways for BJP. While it ensures its win in places with more Hindus, it weakens its chances in \"good seats\" with bloc minority voting. The possibility of a split among Muslims because of minority outfits could dent SP, but the party could hold its own because of a powerful community sentiment. The reason for minority turnaround is not clear. It is attributed to \"intangible\" factors like \"comfort level\". The lack of Muslim leaders in BSP failed to inspire confidence while the \"lack of hearing in police stations\" is also cited as a reason.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12118091", "title": "Jan Sangharsh Manch wants high court judge examined", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Nanavati-Mehta commission was requested on Friday to summon former Bombay high court judge and a member of Citizens' Tribunal, before which former home minister Haren Pandya deposed, justice H Suresh and question him in connection with the revelation.A civil rights group - Jan Sangharsh Manch has sought examination of the retired judge. on basis of recent news reports, wherein he was quoted as saying that Pandya had revealed in his deposition that chief minister Narendra Modi had called a meeting on late evening of February 27, 2002.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12118749", "title": "Rise in temperature likely from today", "text": "BHOPAL: A gradual increase in temperature is likely to be witnessed in the state from Saturday. Officials of the Meteorological Department, Bhopal circle said western disturbances in northern parts of the country would lead to rise in day and night temperature.Met department officials ruled out a possibility of sharp rise at the moment as clearing of air moisture after western disturbance could again lead to the weather conditions prevailing now.Officials said currently the wind direction is north westerly and the same is expected to continue for a few more days.Meanwhile, Datia remained the coldest with 8 degrees on Friday. The maximum and minimum among the four main cities, including Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 31.5 and 11.4 degrees Celsius.Bhopal recorded a maximum temperature of 31.5 (00) degrees against a minimum of 11.4 (-4) degrees Celsius.The maximum temperature in Indore was recorded at 29.3 (-3) and 11.6 (-1) as the minimum temperature.In Gwalior, maximum temperature was recorded at 31.4 (+2) and minimum at 12.3 (00). The maximum and minimum temperature in Jabalpur on Friday were recorded at 30.8 (-1) and 13.4 (-1) degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117489", "title": "New traffic law won\u2019t affect old cases", "text": "MUMBAI: The proposed increase in fines and harsher sentences for traffic offences will have no effect on cases that are being tried or are pending trial, experts said. In Mumbai, a number of drunk-driving cases are still in the trial process. The delay in these cases contrasts starkly to the fast-track disposal of cases like Alistair Pereira's.\"Laws do not apply retrospectively. Cases that are currently pending in court will be tried according to old penal rules and not new ones,\" explained criminal lawyer Kshitij Mehta.The Union Cabinet has given its nod to a significant hike in penalties for traffic violations. It has also proposed a flat compensation of Rs 1 lakh for death and Rs 50,000 for grievous injuries sustained in hit-and-run mishaps. \"The amendments have been made to the Central Motor Vehicles Act. They would be effective here only after a notification in the Official Gazette,\" said additional commissioner (traffic) Brijesh Singh.\"Under the General Clauses Act, penal provisions have to be implemented prospectively. If a new legislation is made, it will impact future cases and not those pending trial,\" said former IPS officer-turned-lawyer YP Singh. \"Existing cases will be tried under the present law. Only after amendment to the act is given effect and the notification of the new law made in the Official Gazette can fresh cases be tried under the new schedule of penalties.\"A number of road accident cases are still awaiting conclusion in the city. Bollywood actor Salman Khan was booked after he allegedly ran his car over five sleeping pavement dwellers in September 2002. One died in the incident and the other four were injured. The case is pending in court.More recently, a south Mumbai resident, Nooria Haveliwala, was arrested after she rammed her SUV into two people, one a police constable and the other a cyclist. Both the victims died and Haveliwala was accused of driving under the influence of narcotics. The case is yet to be concluded.The Mumbai traffic police said they have been working overtime to curb drunk-driving and to bring offenders to book. Between June 2007 and February 2012, they recorded 77,215 such cases. During the period, 42,932 offenders were sentenced to simple imprisonment and driving licences of 38,913 motorists were suspended. The traffic police have been trying to create awareness throughbanners, text messages, advertisements and alerts on variable-message sign boards. They have also roped in college students to stand at junctions holding anti drunk-driving placards.\"Despite the police's campaign, there are several cases where drunken motorists cause accidents. The new laws will curtail such behaviour and motorists will hopefully become more responsible,\" says Kaavya Mehta, a 24-year-old assistant producer residing in Borivli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12118087", "title": "Custody death: Kin get Rs 3 lakh relief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police has paid Rs 3 lakh as interim relief to the mother of a man who died in police custody four years ago. Vicky died on March 12, 2008 in the capital. The compensation was granted on the recommendations of National Human Rights Commission.An NHRC spokesperson said the commission had found that Vicky was ill-treated at the hands of the Delhi Cantonment police, which control the Dhaula Kuan police outpost. Incidentally, the same police outpost was in news after a senior citizen died after allegedly being manhandled by a cop. That Vicky died due to ill-treatment was concluded after examining various reports and material on record. A case culpable homicide not amounting to murder had been registered by Delhi Police at the time of the incident.According to NHRC, Vicky was detained at the Dhaula Kuan police station. He being taken to the police post on foot when he slumped to the ground complaining of stomach ache and lost consciousness. \"He was taken to Safdarjung Hospital where he died. Doctors said there was a possibility of acute pancreatitis causing the death. In the absence of any other disease, pancreatitis can be caused only by abdominal injury,\" the spokesperson said.The metropolitan magistrate had concluded that an offence had committed as far as the cause of Vicky's death was concerned and directed the SHO to register an FIR. Delhi Police have informed the commission that the case is being regularly monitored in court.Five men, three of them reportedly in uniform, had arrived at the golf course in Delhi Cantonment on the afternoon of March 12, 2008, and allegedly roughed up Vicky, before whisking him away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12119034", "title": "AI crash: 114 cases settled for Rs 83 cr", "text": "MANGALORE: Twenty one months after the tragic crash of Air India Boeing IX 812 at Bajpe airport, which resulted in the death of 158 passengers, the legal counsel for Air India, Mulla &amp; Mulla, has settled 114 cases, eight of them partially, as on date.Kapil Aseri, chief finance officer, Air India, said a total of 96 cases had been settled on full and final basis and eight in part for an overall amount of Rs 83 crore. In the past three days, 11 claims were settled. Of the 114 cases, 10 cases have been settled as per the judgment of Division bench of Kerala High Court.Advocate and solicitor Hoshang D Nanavati from Mulla &amp; Mulla, told TOI that they would like to finish as many cases before the second anniversary of the crash as the cases would get time-barred.\"We will have one more meeting in Mangalore soon,'' he added.The legal counsel for Air India is dealing with families, barring those who have approached the foreign firm and some who are awaiting the Supreme Court's verdict on the matter.Abdul Salaam, father Mohammed Rafi ,24, who perished in the crash, has approached the apex court after a division bench of the Kerala High Court in August last year allowed Air India's appeal and set aside the order of the single judge holding that a minimum of one lakh Special Drawing Rights (SDRs) would be payable in respect of the death of each passenger. Salaam's contention is that one lakh SDR (roughly about Rs 75 lakh at present exchange value) is the minimum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12120993", "title": "Siddharth becomes a singer!", "text": "The actor-producer also donned the role of a singer for the two of the tracks (Parvathy Parvathy... and Ananda Jaladosam...) in his latest release.Though he has been singing on and off, these two recent songs from the Boys combination of Siddharth and Thaman ( music composer) have clicked big-time with audiences. \"Thaman is a good friend and when he asked me to sing a couple of songs, I readily agreed,\" said Siddharth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12121281", "title": "Mollywood has to reclaim other state markets: AK Sajan", "text": "The Asuravithu director says that Mollywood flicks are failing to target the youth in Kerala who are responsible for the success of Tamil and Hindi movies in the state\"Asuravithu is aimed at targeting Kerala's youth who were responsible in turning movies such as Don and Mangaathey into superhits in the state,\" he says.Such big-budget movies in other languages have always satisfied the youth in the state, he explains, adding that the Asif Ali-starrer is an attempt to make similar commercially vibrant movies with limited budget.He points out that a decade ago, Suresh Gopi's action movies had opened new markets in Tamil and Telugu industries but the scenario is not the same anymore.Stating the reason for Mollywood's dwindling share in other states and the increasing share of other languages in Kerala, Sajan says, \"Most of our filmmakers have this notion that a movie would be successful only if it is a family film.\"Because of this, the genre has been squeezed to the maximum and there's no more new stories coming out. Consequently, our audience is turning to other-language films.\"The director also says that his choice for a relatively new cast lead by Asif and Samvrutha in Asuravithu was a conscious decision. \"Last year proved that for a film to be hit, it doesn't need a star. Even if it is a small film with a good script, the audience will come to the theatres,\" he insists.Sajan's next project will be a police story, which he describes as a \"commercial experiment.\" He also has another film with superstar Mammootty that is scheduled to begin filming by the end of this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12117588", "title": "Mark bays for buses at stops, says activists", "text": "PUNE: The PMP Pravasi Manch has urged police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar to launch a time-bound action plan to oversee marking of yellow boxes near bus stops for buses to halt.The Manch said that buses usually stop anywhere on the road, blocking the traffic and movement of other vehicles. They said designating a place for buses to halt would help ease traffic problems.PMP Pravasi Manch's Jugal Rathi, who has been following up on the issue, said at least a plan should have been ready before February 29. Although, the police have sent letters to the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) and the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML), the response has been bleak, he said.In a letter to Borwankar, Rathi said high-level intervention is required to ensure that the work is completed in a time-bound manner. In her reply to the Manch, Borwankar said she would take follow up action. Traffic officials have, meanwhile, urged the Manch to also take up the issue with the PMC and the PMPML. A senior civic official said if the traffic police comes out with a plan, the PMC would certainly implement it.The issue of marking yellow boxes near bus stops had been taken up at a traffic advisory committee meeting held last year. PMC officials had accepted the suggestion then.The PMP Pravasi Manch and Pedestrians First have also urged the PMPML to provide bus shelters as commuters have to otherwise wait under the scorching sun.Convenor of Pedestrians First Prashant Inamdar has suggested that with optimum fleet utilisation, the PMPML should be able to improve its services, particularly during peak hours. Inamdar has also suggested that the PMPML should start point-to-point non-stop express services, with buses halting at a limited number of stops. He has also urged that special buses be started for schoolchildren.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12118571", "title": "A device to mute motormouths", "text": "LONDON: Incessant talkers, beware! Japanese scientists claim to have created a device which can instantly shut down a person's ability to speak.Dubbed the Speech Jammer, the portable device can force obnoxious talkers to come to a stuttering halt whether it's during meetings, movies or while yammering away on the phone at public libraries, say the scientists.The device takes advantage of psychologists' discovery that it is virtually impossible to speak when your own words are being played back to you with a delay of a fraction of a second, 'The Daily Telegraph' reported.The new gadget has, in fact, been devised by Kazutaka Kurihara, a researcher at the National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and Technology, and Prof Koji Tsukada at Ochanomizu University in Tokyo, and is remarkably simple.Thehand-helddeviceconsists of a microphonethatis pointed at the speaker and records that person's voice. It then transfers the sounds to a speaker and replays them back in the same direction with a delay of about 0.2 seconds, say the scientists.The microphone and speaker are directional so the device can be aimed at a speaker from a distance,like a gun.\"Thesystem can disturb remote people's speech without any physical comfort,\" the scientists said in a paper reported in the 'MIT Technology Review'. Their tests also uncovered some unexpected findings, such as that the gun is more effective when the delay varies in time. It also works better when the speaker is reading aloud rather than giving a monologue.The research also revealed that it has no effect on meaningless sound sequences, such as \"aaaargh\". Kurihara and Tsukada have not spelled out the commercial potential for their invention, but have listed some possible applications.They said it could be used to maintain silence in libraries and to \"facilitate discussion\" in group meetings.\"We have to establish and obey rulesfor proper turn-taking when speaking. There are still many cases in which the negative aspects of speech become a barrier to the peaceful resolution of conflicts,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12117762", "title": "Unrecognised courses at Lucknow University may see closure", "text": "LUCKNOW: Courses which are running in Lucknow University and are not recognized by the University Grants Commission (UGC) will soon see a closure. The governor had sent a letter to the university asking them to prepare a list of such courses and close them.Taking a strict note, LU vice-chancellor, Prof MK Mishra met the heads of all departments on Friday. Prof Mishra instructed the professors to provide a list of courses that are not in accordance with the UGC. As per senior teachers, the axe will fall on most of the certificate and diploma courses. But, what is amusing is that majority of such courses are already closed or facing a threat of closure due to lack of admissions.The Raj Bhawan has also sought details from the university to prepare a monthly progress report of all the departments. \"Every department of the university has been asked to prepare a list of achievements, important events and anything that is significant for the university's progress,\" said a senior professor.In this context, the V-C has asked all heads to submit the report for the month of January and February till the coming week. In the meeting, the V-C also instructed the heads to expedite the pre-PhD course work in consensus with the respective deans.Discussions on the timely conduct of examinations also took place. As per the university, the undergraduate exams are likely to begin from third week of March. \"Departments which are yet to finish paper moderation work should do it immediately,\" said the V-C. Despite university being closed on March 4, 5, paper moderation work will continue.Among other, the agenda was also to send the utilisation report for UGC's 11th Five Year Plan. The V-C appealed to the heads to send a copy of the same at the earliest. For the 12th Five Year Plan, proposal from 24 departments had already come in. From the 16 remaining departments, the V-C asked to send the proposal as early as possible. The annual budget of the university could not be declared due to some objections.Besides, National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) team will visit university's academic staff college for inspection from March 12-14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12118120", "title": "Rathod 1st cop on bail in Sohrab case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Suspended cop V A Rathod will be the first cop to come out of jail in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case in last five years. Supreme Court granted him bail on Friday.Rathod's lawyer Punit Juneja said that the apex court granted bail on the condition of furnishing a surety of Rs 30,000 and other conditions to be laid down by the trial court. The division bench of Justice Aftab Alam and Justice Ranjana Prakash Desai granted bail after hearing the impleadment plea by suspended DIG and co-accused D G Vanzara and the state government.In the curious case of police inspector Rathod, the new probe agency, CBI, is considering him an important witness. Earlier agency CID (crime) too treated him as a witness, but co-accused including Vanzara took objection to it and moved court seeking his arraignment on basis of chargesheet delineating his role.The Gujarat high court on May 1, 2008, ordered CID (crime) to make him an accused and he was arrested soon. Rathod was facing charges of destruction of evidence by transporting wood to burn Kauserbi's body in Ilol village in Sabarkantha district on November 29, 2005.For CBI, Rathod is the only eyewitness of disposal of Kauserbi's dead body, since no other evidence regarding her killing has come on record. Besides, Rathod, two constables - Ajay Parmar and Santram Sharma were also made witnesses in the case by CBI and recommended their discharge.While a special CBI court refused to grant bail to two constables on the ground that CBI had never taken custody of the duo, hence it was not in special court's jurisdiction, but they remained prisoners of CID (crime). Rathod's case was slightly on a different footing, as with another accused N K Amin, CBI remanded Rathod also in 2010.However, despite CBI's insistence that Rathod is a witness, the ultimate decision on his status has been left on court. The issue is pending before the Supreme Court. The special CBI court as well as high court denied bail to Rathod.With the SC's order, Rathod will be the first from the uniform force to get bail. A total of 15 cops, from Rajasthan and Gujarat, including four IPS officers, are behind bars. Four persons apart from cops have been arraigned in this case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12120644", "title": "Shabana Azmi in Bigelow\u2019s film", "text": "The Hurt Locker director Kathryn Bigelow, who is shooting in Chandigarh for her film based on the killing of Osama bin Laden , has no prominent Indian actor's name in the star cast.However, Mumbai Mirror has learnt from reliable sources that Shabana Azmi is the first major Indian actor to be cast in Bigelow's controversial film.When contacted, Azmi did not deny the news but simply said, \"It's too early to talk about it.\"Apparently, efforts to cast some prominent actors of Pakistani origin failed, once it was decided that Bigelow would not be able to shoot in Pakistan . Now, she will be casting Indian actors to play Pakistani characters.A source close to the project told this newspaper, \"While Kathryn has zeroed in on her American cast members, she is yet to take a final call on the actors who would be playing Pakistani characters in her Osama film.\"The Osama film with Bigelow would be Shabana's most controversial film till date.Right now, it isn't clear what she plays. But according to a reliable source, it's a pivotal role of a Pakistani woman.\"Shabana was a natural and immediate choice for the part. She has a great command over Urdu and is a well-known face in international cinema,\" the source added.Azmi has just concluded work on two other international projects - Mira Nair's The Reluctant Fundamentalist and Deepa Mehta's Midnight's Children, which touch on the issue of Islamic identity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12119163", "title": "Minor girl gang-raped in Betul, 3 held", "text": "BHOPAL: In another incident of crime against women in Betul district in the state, a minor dalit girl, a middle school student, was gang-raped. Betul, the tribal dominated district, has been in the news owing to recent sudden spurt of crimes against women that is causing tremendous worry to the BJP government in the state. Police said the incident took place at Kalyanpur village, about 10 kms from district headquarters of Betul when three accused caught the 15-year-old girl as she stepped out of her house to go to the fields at around 9 pm and dragged her to the nearby fields and gang raped her.After the girl returned home, her parents reached the district headquarters and reported the matter to the special police station meant for dealing with the crimes against scheduled castes and scheduled tribes. Police swung into action and arrested three youth -- Deepak, Dilip and Nandu. All the accused were produced before a local court, which remanded them to judicial custody.Police said the accused have been charged under the Section 376 of the IPC and under the provisions of the Schedule Castes and the Schedule Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities Act).The deputy inspector general of police (Hoshangabad range) Anil Gupta and Betul district superintendent of police Bhagwant Singh Chouhan interrogated the accused.After a recent incident of gang rape near Indore, involving 18 accused, similar incidents of sexual crimes against women are being reported from across the state.The opposition Congress has been alleging that the law and order situation was deteriorating in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12116367", "title": "Govt to order probe into land transfer", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government finally decided to order a comprehensive inquiry into the land allotments allegedly made by IAS officer Navin Mittal when he was collector of Hyderabad district.Though the present chief secretary Pankaj Dwivedi conducted a preliminary inquiry when he was chief commissioner of land administration, the state government decided to order a thorough inquiry into the matter as valuable land was handed over to private parties in violation of the laws.A high-level meeting chaired by chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy on Friday expressed concern over the allotments made during Navin Mittal's term.In all, the state ended up losing nearly 65 acres of valuable land in Hyderabad city, whose market value was estimated to be worth nearly Rs 2,030 crore.When the allegations against Navin Mittal surfaced in 2010, the state government ordered a probe by then chief commissioner of land administration Pankaj Dwivedi who submitted a preliminary report to the government. \"But there is nothing concrete in that report.The report recommended either to initiate action against Navin Mittal or to drop the case. The report is not much use as the investigation was not complete,\" said the government sources.The Lok Ayukta has taken a suo moto cognizance of the acts of omission and commission by Navin and asked Hyderabad district collector Natarajan Gulzar to submit a report on the regularisation of government land by Navin as well as the \"missing files\" in the collectorate in 2010.Some of the controversial prime properties that Navin allegedly regularised in contravention of law include Rs 30-crore worth government land at Bathukammakunta, a 10,000-sq yd plot at Bapunagar and a 4,000-sq yd government hospital land at Sanathnagar in Hyderabad.Some individuals also petitioned the government that their private properties were also regularized illegally by the then district collector in someone else's name. Jubillee Hills resident Neeraja Rao went to Lokayukta against Navin alleging that her land was illegally registered in the name of some relatives of late chief minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy.In this background all legislators cutting across party lines raised their voice against Navin, bowing to pressure the state government ordered a probe by the CCLA.\"Navin told the government that he only acted on the appeals came before him and his decisions were not struck down by the CCLA and the government. We have to probe into other people involved in this irregularity,\" said the government sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12117899", "title": "'Students should not ignore lower courts'", "text": "NAGPUR: \"The young generation should not get carried away by the glamour of higher courts at the cost of neglecting lower courts,\" said VS Sirpurkar, former judge of the Supreme Court.Sirpurkar was addressing students at the inaugural ceremony of 'Law Vision 2012', a national law festival hosted by the department of law, Dr Ambedkar College.\"During my student days, we didn't have moot courts. We had mock trials in which we practised appealing in lower courts. In today's moot court, students generally practice appealing only in higher courts,\" said Sirpurkar.He emphasized on the importance of vernacular languages saying that along with English it was important that students know the local language as all proceedings in lower courts take place in the regional language.Chandrashekhar Dharmadhikari, former acting chief justice of Bombay High Court, Anjali Hastak, dean, faculty of law, Nagpur University, KM Reddy, principal, DACN and NM Khirale, Hod, department of law, DACN were also present.In his keynote address, Dharmadhikari said that it had become imperative to save constitutionalism and the constitutional culture. \"Students should not forget that they are entering into a noble profession and money shouldn't be the only factor guiding their actions,\" he said.He added that even after 60 years of independence, the Indian Judiciary was still very anglicized. \"The language used in higher courts, the mannerisms and even the attire in our judicial system is still very English,\" he said.\"Constant refocusing and reconstruction of vision is necessary for growth. We aim to provide students with an opportunity to do so through 'Law Vision',\" said Khirale.The three-day festival will witness events like quiz, moot court, guest lectures and cultural programmes.Law students from cities like Pune and Bangalore will participate in these competitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12118132", "title": "IC gheraos Presi registrar, demands union elections", "text": "KOLKATA: Presidency University students owing allegiance to the Independents Consolidation (IC) gheraoed the institution's registrar, Pradip Sengupta, and demanded holding student union elections. The election was suspended for two years. Following the agitation, Sengupta has decided to hold a meeting with all departmental heads and a few students on Monday to look into the issue.IC spokesperson Joy Saha said, \"Our union has been dissolved. Union elections have not been held for 2009-2010 and 2011-2012. It seems that this year too the elections will not be held as the time has passed.\"\"During Amita Chatterjee's tenure as vice-chancellor, she claimed that since Presidency was upgraded to a university, the rules and regulations were not clear. She also said that the Left Front government had not entrusted any rights to the university to hold any union elections. The infrastructure has changed since half the students were registered under the college status and the newly-admitted students were enrolled in the university,\" he added.VC Malabika Sarkar had also assured that she would look into the matter. But IC alleges, \"Grey areas always remain. On Friday, we finally submitted a deputation to the VC. And since the registrar is the administrative head of the institution, we decided to launch a sit-in demonstration in his room,\" Saha said.IC members requested the registrar to set up a committee to look into the possibility of holding elections to the union. \"We gave him the discretion to choose the members of the committee and urged him to nominate two members from the earlier students' unions in it. We won't object even if the nominees are from TMCP or DSO,\" the IC spokesperson said.The registrar has decided to convene a meeting of departmental heads on Monday to look into the possibility of organizing union elections and to set up a committee. \"The registrar has assured us that a committee will be set up and it will decide on a structure based on which elections can be held and suggest an early date for the union elections,\" claimed Saha.\"I have not assured anyone that a committee will be set up. But as per a directive from the VC, I have only informed them that a meeting will be held with all departmental heads and a few members of students. The next course of action will be decided at Monday's meeting,\" said Pradip Sengupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12118613", "title": "Ensure wise schooling steps for kids", "text": "BANGALORE: You want to admit your toddler to Montessori or change your child's school? Here's an opportunity for a look at what schools offer. Education Times presents 'Schooling Steps, a Times School Expo' on Saturday and Sunday,from 11am to 6.30pm. Parents can visit and make up their mind. Entry is free.The expo has these schools: Greenwood High, Indus International School, Vibgyor High, Chrysallis High, Candor International School, Greengrove International School, Harvest International School, Primus Public School, Whitefield Global School, Gear Innovative, KALS, Treamis World School, Narayana eTechno School and Deeksha Integrated.Education Times ExpoVenue: IBIS Bengaluru Tech Park, next to Passport Seva Kendra, opposite Intel Campus, Sarjapur Outer Ring Road. Call Ashish: 9620879643; Swaroop: 9019222927; Debopriyo 9742594699.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117826", "title": "Sena-BJP &amp; MNS slam govt, cops", "text": "MUMBAI: The state's opposition Shiv Sena-BJP combine and the MNS have slammed the government and Mumbai police for delaying action against senior Congress leader Kripashankar Singh in the disproportionate assets case.MNS chief Raj Thackeray came down heavily on the Maharashtra government and the Mumbai police for not initiating action against Singh even after the Bombay high court's order on the issue. He demanded a high-level probe into Singh's wealth and added, \"Many politicians and senior leaders, not of the Congress party alone, would be exposed if a proper inquiry is conducted into Singh's wealth.\"Sena MP Sanjay Raut accused the home department of delaying Singh's arrest even after the Bombay high court's order on attaching the Singhs' movable and immovable properties. \"The Bombay high court handed down its order on February 22. Since then, the Mumbai police have been dragging their feet on bringing Singh to book under the Prevention of Corruption Act,'' said Raut, executive editor of Saamna, the Sena mouthpiece. Saamna had run a campaign against Singh during the recent BMC elections, furnishing details of his assets and wealth.BJP functionary Kirit Somaiya said, \"It is horrifying that the city police and the home department were twiddling their thumbs, while Singh went to New Delhi and moved the Supreme Court. He was untraceable for two days. There appears to be a well-planned strategy to shield Singh.''Meanwhile, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar of the NCP declined to comment on l'affaire Singh. \"This is the Congress's internal matter,'' Pawar said. In Sangli, home minister R R Patil said, \"The police have been asked to go by the facts of the case and take an objective view of the matter. There is neither any pressure on the police nor are there attempts to go soft on Singh or shield him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "udupi", "code": "12119038", "title": "Independents give biggies the jitters as D-Day nears", "text": "UDUPI: Beware of these independent candidates. They may have no political experience. But they are keen to bring about a change in the system and are set to spice up the Udupi-Chikmagalur parliamentary bypoll. They have not submitted their nomination to contest just for kicks - they are serious. They are either contesting to test their popularity or give major political parties the heebie-jeebies.Take the case of herbal medicine expert and agriculturist Srinivasa Poojari, 54, from Kodankooru, Udupi. \"I am a 'naati vaidya' and have many patients. I want to test my popularity. Last time I got 11,670 votes. This time I should get 30,000,'' he says confidently. Did he get any calls to withdraw his nomination? \"I did. I told the person I will not withdraw and not to worry as I will eat into votes of all major parties - not just his,'' he smirks.Social worker BK Susheela Jeevala from Mudigere has a point she wants to prove. \"I want to put the fear factor in the parties that there are people who can take them on. This is also an exercise to make people think,'' she said. Interestingly, her husband HM Taraka Prakasham is also contesting. Did she seek his permission? \"Why should i? I don't need his permission. We have decided only one will contest and I will not withdraw,'' she asserted.\"I had switched off my mobile as I kept getting calls from all parties to withdraw promising me help later. But I will not withdraw. They should know that people will not take things lying down. I may not be able to make much of a difference - but will keep my fingers crossed,'' she said. Susheela is hopeful of getting 25,000 with canvassing. \"If I canvass actively, I will give all political parties a real fight,'' she says.Of the 23 candidates who have filed nominations, 13 are independents, four are from National Democratic Party (NDP), one from JD(U) and the rest from major political parties. Saturday, the last date for withdrawing nominations, will tell us how many of these independents are serious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12118024", "title": "12-year-old boy slips from terrace, dies", "text": "NAGPUR: Twelve-year-old Prasad Pardhi was a bright seventh standard student. He used to tutor his elder sister, an engineering student, about the nitty-gritty of a laptop. His sister had vowed to 'return the favour' by taking care of Prasad's educational needs after settling down in her career. But fate intervened and separated the siblings for ever.Prasad, who dreamt of becoming an Indian Administrative Service (IAS) officer, slipped and fell from the terrace of his three-storeyed building at Bandu Soni Layput in Rana Pratap Nagar on Thursday evening.While playing with a ball, Prasad lost his balance when he was on the threefoot high parapet wall and crashed on the cement-layered entrance of the apartment. He was barefoot as his slippers and the ball were on the terrace when the incident occurred.His shocked father Amarkant, a technician with an MIDC-based company, narrated how Prasad revelled in performing stunts. \"My son would walk upside down and dart across like a deer. He was more like a gymnast. In school, he often participated in various physical activities. He used to skip stairs while climbing or going down,\" said the teary-eyed father.Prasad was well-known and had won many hearts. On that fateful day, Prasad returned from school at 5.30pm. He was going to a friend's house on his cycle when his mother Prabha stopped him. She told him to play at home.Not one to sit idle, Prasad took the terrace keys and went up to play. In less than 15 minutes, neighbours heard a loud thud and saw something toppling down. Initially, they thought it was a drum but later, they spotted a motionless Prasad lying near the gate. They raised an alarm and informed Prasad's mother.Prasad was immediately rushed to the Central India Institute of Medical Sciences hospital where his uncle Ajay Bisen said that his nephew was talking normally for almost an hour.\"It's shocking to know that his voice will remain silent forever. He complained of severe pain but followed the instructions during the CAT scan,\" said Bison.Prasad's father Amarkant had a word of advice for parents. \"It's dangerous to let kids play on the terrace.\" Rana Pratap Nagar police registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12118885", "title": "This Surat surgeon treats at troubled areas of the world", "text": "VADODARA: This surgeon from Surat has travelled the globe - not to attend conferences or similar events - but to serve in areas that have faced conflicts, invasions or have faced natural calamities. His drive to serve in such areas has taken him to places like Afghanistan, Iraq, Bosnia and Haiti.Dr Cassim Degani, 68, who belongs to Surat, studied medicine at Mumbai and then at Canada and the US. Despite having a well-established practice as a general and endoscopic surgeon in Toronto , he has been travelling trouble-torn and calamity-hit areas of the world since over 25 years now. Degani says his attempt is to serve the poor and the needy wherever possible and he would try to do so for one month every year. He is settled in Canada since 40 years now.\"I have realised that 90% of the world does not have resources and needs help. It was out of a feeling for doing something for such people that I started travelling extensively for medial aid and worked with several organisations,\" he said.The Soviet military intervention in Afghanistan was the first time that he provided medical aid to those injured in the conflict in 1985. \"I smuggled myself into Afghanistan with some other persons from Pakistan and worked there,\" he said. This was followed by work in Iraq following the Gulf War in 1991, Bosnia in 1994 and Kosovo in 1999 during armed conflicts. He has also provided medical aid in Afghanistan in 2003 and worked during natural calamities in Pakistan. After the earthquake in Haiti , Degani worked at the relief camp organised by Hollywood actor Sean Penn there.Getting smuggled into Afghanistan in 1985 is not the only risk he has faced while volunteering. In Bosnia, he was caught between the Serbian and Croat forces. \"The Canadian forces were not in a position to help us out. Eventually, a British convoy got us out of the situation ,\" Degani said.Degani who was looking to provide his services to the poor is in Godhra since February 22 to operate upon poor patients there on an invitation by Dr Sujaat Vali and the New Life Hospital. \"India has always remained close to my heart. I wanted to come to Kutch to work during the earthquake, but it could not materialise. Operating upon poor patients in Godhra has been a satisfying experience as it was for the first time that I am doing something like this,\" he said. The hospital, Vali, donors and some NGOs are looking into the expenses and arrangements for the medicines as well as post-operative care of the patients.Degani has been working across the globe through organisations like the International Development and Relief Foundation of which he is a board member and a past chairperson. He is also a board member of the Canadian Centre for Victims of Torture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12120564", "title": "Govt miffed at Posco for ignoring advice", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has taken strong exception to Posco ignoring its advice and going ahead with a seminar of equipment suppliers and functionaries of construction companies near the project site on Thursday.What seemed to have pinched the government most are the company's allegations of the Naveen Patnaik dispensation's \"negative attitude\" towards its project and cited the absence of the chief minister and the chief secretary to drive home its point. A media release by Posco expressed \"its disappointment that all the important people related with the project such as the chief minister and the chief secretary etc. were not able to attend the seminar, which can be interpreted as a negative indicator for the project\".A senior government official rubbished the allegations. \"The chief minister and the chief secretary were never invited to the seminar. Even Odisha Industrial Infrastructure Development Corporation (Idco), the nodal agency for the project, was not taken into confidence,\" the official said. \"The government on the contrary was opposed to Posco holding the seminar at the project site. Because it was inappropriate and that such an attempt is bound to vitiate the atmosphere further,\" he added.Official sources said the government is planning to seek an explanation from Posco on why it ignored its advice and criticized the government without basis. \"We will take up the matter with the Posco and tell the company that if it is willing to have the project set up in the state it will have to follow the dos and don'ts,\" the official said.Enquiries revealed Idco had written a letter to Kun Ho Lee, director and divisional leader of Posco India Private Ltd., not to hold the \"global engineering seminar\". \"Considering the discussion made on the subject and looking at the feedbacks from the district administration, it appears that the ground situation at Nuagaon is not congenial for conducting such a seminar at site in view of the sensitivities involved,\" the February 28 letter from Idco said. \"You may further recollect that you were advised and instructed not to go ahead for such a seminar at site,\" the letter added.The letter also said that Idco had been making \"all out efforts to acquire land and facilitating development of your project in an expeditious manner and Idco continues its dialogue and discussion with various stake-holders. We are quite hopeful for a favourable outcome. Therefore, holding such a Global Engineering Seminar may jeopardize the best interest of your project,\" the letter said.The letter also stated that the three-tier panchayat election not being over yet conducting the seminar \"at this juncture\" was not \"advisable\". It said: \"You are therefore advised and instructed to wait for further orders from Idco for holding of seminar at the proposd site or at any other place.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12118461", "title": "Supreme Court erred, overreached on 2G issue: Centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: Short of challenging the cancellation of scam-tainted 2G licences, the government has slammed every major aspect of the Supreme Court order arguing that the court overstepped its powers and its rejection of the first-come-first-serve policy (FCFS) may harm public good.After hedging over its response to the February 3 order setting a four-month deadline for scrapping the licences, the government told the Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) on telecom on Friday of its intention to challenge the court's view that scarce natural resources be allocated only through auctions. It also argued that the apex court lacked the expertise to pronounce on policy.Insisting the policy needs to serve a public purpose, the government has asked whether auction should determine both price and allotee in all cases or only price while keeping view other relevant factors like \"prevention of market dominance, level playing field among all licencees and inter-se-priority based on laid down criteria\".With some of the affected foreign investors threatening to sue their Indian partners or invoking bilateral treaties, the DoT has said the \"impact on tripartite agreements between licensor, licensee and banks\" needs to be considered. Similarly, the legality of other licences also would have to be examined.The government feels that it will need 400 days for a fresh auction and the process of seeking out an auctioneer has begun.While stating that it is not seeking a review of the quashing of licenses, the government said the SC has \"erred in finding the policy of FCFS involves 'an element of pure chance or accident', without considering there is a risk that any policy, including sale by public auction, may be wrongly implemented.\"DoT said that the ruling \"will lead to arbitrary consequences to the detriment of the public, if applied indiscriminately in all situations across all sectors.\"A detailed presentation by telecom secretary R Chandrasekhar quoted several past Supreme Court rulings to say that pronouncing on policies like FCFS, \"is contrary to settled law as laid down by the court that the essence of policy making and governance ... is the role of the executive and it is not permissible for the court to take this exercise ... and it does not have the expertise to do so.\"The ruling \"raises question of contravention of established principles of segregation of functions between the executive and the judiciary in respect of formulation of policies.\"The DoT presentation skipped the sharp criticism of the government in the Supreme Court order where the court has noted that had it not been for some public spirited individuals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12117810", "title": "India to Maldivian parties: Hold talks to resolve crisis", "text": "NEW DELHI: As violence rocked the Maldives on Thursday, soon after foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai tried to bring about a peaceful solution to their political crisis, New Delhi took the unusual step of publicly chastising Male.On Friday, MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin asked all Maldivian political parties to exercise restraint and continue talks for a solution under the roadmap. India, he said, \"\"urged all parties to maintain calm and to exercise restraint.\"The statement came even as the government managed to release 11 Indian fishermen who had been caught by Maldives' security forces for fishing in their waters. MEA said in a statement, \"With timely intervention from the High Commission of India, the government of Maldives has agreed to release the 11 Indian fishermen.\"The Maldivian parliament witnessed unruly scenes on Thursday, as lawmakers belonging to former President Mohammed Nasheed's MDP, prevented President Mohamed Waheed from delivering the customary opening address and blocked Speaker Abdulla Shahid from entering the chamber. There was also violence outside the Majlis as MDP supporters clashed with police.The MEA spokesperson \"encouraged them to exercise their responsibilities to the Maldivian people and to continue necessary discussions under the All Party Consultative Committee and the People's Majlis (parliament) to find a peaceful and viable solution as agreed under the Roadmap.\" Although this was an internal matter for the Maldives, Akbaruddin said, India \"stood ready to assist the government and people of Maldives in any manner necessary\".The trouble is that even after the roadmap was announced, there have been no dates for the forthcoming polls, which appears to be fuelling the continuing protests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "12118771", "title": "Sehajdharis take Kolaveri route to have their say", "text": "BARNALA: Sikhan ate singha vich kahdi ae ladai jio, adalatan vich kahton case jaande ne pai ji, bhai naaal bhai kahto jaande ne ladai ji (What is the bone of contention between Sikhs and Amritdharis, why are they filing cases in courts, why are they making brothers fight among themselves)These are lines of a song from the Kolaveri album by Sehajdhari Sikh Party (SSP) to iron about the differences between Sehajdharis and Amritdharis.The popularity of the song has apparently impressed the politicos too. Earlier, former Punjab finance minister Manpreet Badal-led Peoples' Party of Punjab (PPP) came out with its own Kolaveri before the state assembly elections. And now SSP has created its own version of the hit number. The Kolaveri album comes at a time when Sehajdharis are trying hard to get Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC) elections, held in September 2011, cancelled. SSP is pushing for fresh polls by enrolling Sehajdhari Sikhs as voters. The matter is already in the court.SSP president Paramjit Singh Ranu is the brainchild behind the album. Produced by music company DMC, the album has nine songs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12117684", "title": "Geelani likely to be quizzed for recommending Pakistan visa for LeT terrorist", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police will question the hardline separatist Hurriyat Conference leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani in connection with visa recommendation for the Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) terrorist Ehtesham Malik, who was arrested for planning terror attack in the national capital and Srinagar.Geelani had recommended Malik's name for grant of Pakistani visa. Delhi Police has recovered some papers, including a copy of the recommendation letter, from Malik, who along with his fellow LeT member Shafaqat was arrested here on Wednesday.Asked about the Delhi Police's plan to question the separatist leader, Union home secretary R K Singh said: \"Geelani will be questioned, if the probe requires\".Sources said that Malik appeared to have obtained his Pakistani visa on the basis of Geelani's recommendation letter. Malik had gone to Pakistan for terror training last December. Geelani will be questioned about under what circumstances he had recommended somebody's name for visa and whether he knew that Malik was once arrested in Jammu and Kashmir four years ago, they added.A laboratory technician, Malik was earlier associated with LeT in Sopore and was arrested in 2007 along with two others.\"We don't know about this case. But generally, if any Kashmiri comes to Geelani sahab for recommendation, he gives his recommendation only because the person being Kashmiri. But then how can he know why he wants to go there and what his motive is?\" a news agency quoted Geelani's spokesperson Ayaz Akbar as saying.Geelani may have referred Malik to ISIDelhi investigators rejected Hurriyat leader SAS Geelani's stand that he didn't know LeT terrorist Ahtesham Malik personally and that he gave visa recommendations for people visiting him because they were Kashmiris.\"He should recommend only those people whose credentials he can vouch for.\" He will be questioned on this point, they added. There were allegations that Geelani referred Malik's name to a top ISI officer for arranging a visa from the Pakistan high commission some time last year.Malik went to Pakistan on the Samjhauta Express after getting the visa and Lashkar provided training to him before sending him to carry out blasts in Delhi and other places. Geelani will be questioned about under what circumstances he had recommended somebody's name for visa and whether he knew that Malik was once arrested in Jammu and Kashmir four years ago, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12118234", "title": "Secured number plates by June", "text": "NEW DELHI: The wait for secure number plates just got longer. Now, the Delhi government says that centres for the high security registration plates will be set up only by June, as the tender for the project will be awarded earliest by March 31. The new dates come after the transport department floated the tenders again on March 1 after the previous tender failed to get any successful bids.Said a senior transport official, \"The deadline for the new tenders has been kept on March 22. We hope to issue the letter of award by March 31, so that centres can be set up in the next three months.\"Sources said the new tenders have been tweaked technically after the dismal response to the previous tender specifications. The department is hoping that the re-tendering will get a better response, so that the process can be finished by March 31, the date set for complying by the Supreme Court order.The centres for getting the high security registration plate will be at the 13 regional transport offices (RTO) all over the city initially. Later, more centres will be set up.HSRPs are tamper-proof and meant to aid law enforcement agencies in tracing vehicles that are involved in crimes. The HSRP project was earlier to be implemented by DIMTS (Delhi Integrated Multi-modal Transit System).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12118279", "title": "In biology, even a diagram can fetch marks", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Decoding DNA and knowing secrets of human anatomy, is what encourages 16-year-old Sarah Macwan to study biology. Since her childhood, Sarah was keen to know more about functioning of the various body parts and what actually the whole world is made of. This always kept her glued to biology textbook and the passion still continues as she had no second thought when she opted for biology as a subject.A class XII student of Doon International Public School, Sarah says, \"In Gujarat board, the subject is divided into two parts. The first part comprises of botany and human anatomy, while the second part has the ecology kind of chapters.\" She further outlines, \"Maximum short questions are asked from the second part and the first part is important for long questions. During my preparation, I focused on the first part and important four chapters from the second part. Now my stress is on rest of the chapters from where MCQs are asked.\"Pointing out that she had done well in her practicals, she says, \"I always ensure that whenever I sit down to study theoretical subject, my mind is fresh, so that whatever I read seeps deep down and all aspects are well understood.\" The trend in biology is that maximum theories aren't repeated and every year it is a new set of questions.Tuitions are a big 'no-no' for her as she feels it is for those who are weak or do not get proper guidance in school.Even her study pattern is different as she cannot study for long hours. She always studies for an hour and takes 10-minute break. \"At night, it's peaceful and calm and no disturbance is there,\" says Sarah.She does feel burden of expectations, but then this is what keeps her going.This aspiring doctor aims to score at least 85 marks in biology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12118875", "title": "Manager of textile unit cheated", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Dipu Upadhyay, who works as a manager at Shreedurga Textiles said that seven people from Hyderabad took away bedsheets worth Rs 20 lakh without paying for them. Anish Kapadia, Dipti Kapadia, Anantkumar Chaudhary, Kamal Bulani, Ravi and Iliyas - resident of Sultan Bazar in Hyderabad came between February 2001 and September 2011 and expressed interest in buying bedsheets. They promised to make the payment later but later didn't turn back.Three thefts: Cash, gold and silver ornaments worth Rs 1.93 lakh were stolen in three different incidents in the city. Umedsinh Rathod, a resident of Vardhman Krupa claimed that an unidentified person entered his house between 7.45 am on Tuesday and 7 am on Wednesday and took away mobile, gold-silver ornaments, as well as a tablet PC and old mobile phone - all amounting to Rs 1,22,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117867", "title": "National poet\u2019s elder brother among arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: The four arrested Naxalites include 64-year-old Aseem Kumar Bhattacharya, the elder brother of former journalist-turned-national poet, Alok Bhattacharya, who was honored by the President of India for his poetry.The other three Naxals, Dinesh Wankhede (29), Suman Gawde (25) and Laxmi Raju Patel alias Paru Patel (38), were living under false names in the building, identifying themselves as the Kadam family.Dinesh had introduced himself as Raju Kadam, while the other two had introduced themselves as his wife and mother.The three lived in a ground floor flat of Surya Kiran Apartment in Gandhi Nagar, Dombivli (E).When TOI visited the Bhattacharya residence, his wife Shobha Bhattacharya said she was shocked to hear about her husband's arrest. She was suspecting that her husband was kidnapped and she had in fact filed a complaint with the Manpada police station on Thursday. \"It is shocking why the anti-terrorism squad (ATS) arrested my husband as he is above 60 and was never involved in Naxal activities,\" Shobha told TOI.She said, \"We have been living in Dombivli for 32 years and he has never been outside.\"\"I have three children, including two daughters and a son, and except for one daughter who has got married, the other two are doing professional courses,\" Shobha added.Shobha admitted that her husband had gone to Andhra Pradesh once, 25 years back, to attend a marriage. She said eventhough her husband had crossed 60, he always helped people. She also said she was unaware about the other three suspects who were nabbed by the ATS hardly 100 metres from her residence.B E Murkute, the flat owner, told TOI he was shocked to learn about their real names. Murkute said a local agent had introduced him through Bhattacharaya, who had said the three were his staff. Murkute had also approached the local police to file a kidnapping case. Sources claimed that ATS operation was secret and even the local police were not informed.Residents of New Surya Kiran Apartments were also shocked to hear that the three were 'Naxals'. \"They would always remain aloof,\" a neighbour said. \"They came five months ago and were like husband, wife and mother,\" said an elderly resident of the building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12118521", "title": "Conclave to observe Muthanga anniversary", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The ninth anniversary of Muthanga land struggle will be observed on March 13.There will be a tribal conclave and cultural gathering to observe the anniversary under the aegis of the Adivasi Gothra Maha Sabha (AGMS) and other tribal organizations.The tribal conclave will begin at 10 am at the VJT hall, said AGMS president C K Janu. The cultural gathering will be in front of the secretariat from 3 pm to 6 pm.\"Around 3,000 tribes were evicted from Muthanga on February 19, 2003 for allegedly trespassing and damaging the forests. There are currently 725 tribals who face charges in six criminal cases. Our demand is that evicted families must be rehabilitated and compensation must be given for land loss,\" said Janu.The convention in front of the secretariat would be inaugurated by the congress leader V M Sudheeran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12116640", "title": "Irrigated area has shrunk after Jalayagnam", "text": "HYDERABAD: When launched in 2004-05, Jalayagnam was touted as the biggest irrigation scheme as it envisaged irrigating 73 lakh acres in five years. However, almost seven years later an official record reveals that irrigated area in the state came down drastically after the implementation of the ambitious scheme on which Rs 71,292 crore has been spent so far.According to the annual report of Directorate of Economics and Statistics (DES), the actual area irrigated under project canals is just 35.73 lakh acres after five years of its implementation. Also, the irrigated area in the state was 40.75 lakh acres in 2004-05 before the launch of Jalayagnam and it came down year-after- year to reach 35.73 lakh acres in 2009-10.As per the DES report, the actual irrigated area under project canals (major and medium) before Jalayagnam was 40.75 lakh acres and the government had pledged to create additional irrigation potential of 4.5 lakh acres in two years after its launch. The Jalayagnam was launched in 2004-05, and the actual area irrigated under project canals in 2006-07 was 40.08 lakh acres, indicating a decline of 67,000 acres.The scheme aimed at increasing the irrigation potential of 8.56 lakh acres and 14 lakh acres for the years 2007-08 and 2008-09 respectively, and by that way, the irrigated area should have increased to 49.2 lakh acres and 54.79 lakh acres in the respective years. But, the DES report shows the actual irrigated area for the years was 39.78 lakh acres and 41.27 lakh acres respectively.Apart from stabilizing an existing ayacut of 21.32 lakh acres while providing drinking water to a population of 1.2 crore in Telangana region, the scheme had aimed at generating power to the tune of 1700 MW.On average, the government has been setting aside Rs 15,000 crore a year for Jalayagnam. For the current fiscal (2011-12) Rs 15,000 crore was set aside for the Jalayagnam out which Rs. 8,459 crore has been spent up to January this year. The allocation remained unchanged for the next fiscal ( 2012-13) as well. Reacting to the findings, T Hanumantha Rao, a retired chief engineer, urged the government for an investigation by Andhra Pradesh Remote Sensing Application Centre (APSRAC).\"I don't want to say it's a result of irregularities committed by somebody. It might have happened because of any reason and the most important thing is to find out the reason, while assessing the actual status of projects. In my view, a survey by APSRAC is the best thing,\" he said.While P Surendra Reddy, minister for major and medium irrigation, declined to comment, the department principal secretary Prashanth Mahopatra said he had to consult files before reacting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12123076", "title": "Govt allows LIC to breach IRDA ceiling", "text": "MUMBAI: Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has received regulatory forbearance from the government allowing it to breach investment limits set by the insurance regulator.The relaxation has been allowed largely to enable the corporation to hike stake in public sector banks, sources said. Several bank chairmen said that the corporation was acting as a proxy for the government as the lenders had originally sought funds from the Centre.Norms prescribed by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) require that an insurer should not invest more than 10% of a company's networth.Last month, Punjab National Bank said that it would issue shares worth Rs 1,574 crore to LIC and these shares would have a one-year lock-in. As of end-December, LIC already held 8.54% stake in the bank and the proposed investment will increase its stake beyond 10%. Similarly, Dena Bank will hold an extraordinary general meeting next month to issue 5% of its equity capital to LIC, which already holds over 6% in the bank. Syndicate Bank also said that LIC would invest Rs 327 crore in a preferential issue of equity shares.Other banks in which LIC has agreed to pick up stake recently include Indian Overseas Bank (Rs 302.6 crore), Central Bank of India (Rs 341crore), Punjab &amp; Sind Bank (Rs 100 crore approx). In the case of Central Bank too, LIC would breach the 10% ceiling.On Friday, the market was rife with speculation that LIC had bought most of the ONGC shares being auctioned by the government in an investment of around Rs 12,000 crore. The numbers could not be corroborated. However, this would not be the first time that LIC is bailing out the government in a disinvestment sale. In 2010, LIC was a major bidder in the government's sale of PSU shares. Most notable was its bailout of the NMDC public issue where LIC alone bid Rs 8,000 crore.But there is a flipside to LIC's filling in as a proxy for the government. Typically, in every sharp fall, LIC would accumulate large chunks of blue chip stocks which would provide the corporation with bargain purchases and, at the same time, support the market. Following recent big-ticket investments in public sector banks and more recently ONGC, the corporation has exhausted a lot of its headroom for secondary market purchases.Although IRDA has reiterated its stance that LIC should follow investment regulations for life companies, it has never penalized LIC for breaching investment limits. LIC has sought to explain the breaches stating that the limits were separate for the life fund and for various schemes of unit-linked insurance plans.IRDA The regulator has never clarified whether LIC was correct in its interpretation. Some LIC officials have sought exemption on the grounds that LIC was special as it was governed by its own Act and because of this legislation it could not even meet IRDA's prescription that a company should have a minimum paid-up capital of Rs 100 crore and, therefore, it should have a different set of rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12123852", "title": "CBI begins Janardhan Reddy's interrogation", "text": "BANGALORE: The CBI has started interrogating former Karnataka tourism minister and mining baron G Janardhan Reddy in connection with an illegal mining case, agency sources said on Saturday.According to the sources, the interrogation began in the morning, a day after Additional Civil and Sessions Court Judge B M Angadi remanded Reddy to CBI custody till March 12.CBI officials, besides jail authorities were present during the interrogation, CBI sources said. What transpired was, however, not known.Reddy and 20 others are facing charges for their alleged involvement in illegal mining, over which the CBI had filed an FIR against them in October last.Associated Mining Corporation (AMC) and Deccan Mining Syndicate (DMC) owned by Reddy and his wife Aruna Lakshmi have been facing probe over charges of illegal mining.Both the firms were also involved in illegal transport of iron ore.Reddy was produced before the Special CBI court here yesterday amid tight security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117932", "title": "\u2018State dragging feet on adopting transplant Act\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Friday asked the state government why it was hesitating to implement amendments to the Human Organ Transplant Act that would facilitate removal of corneas. A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Ranjit More was hearing a PIL on the underutilization of donated cornea.The Centre's amendments for retrieval of cornea in medico-legal cases now allow even a trained technician to remove cornea. Also, after death, the hospital authorities have to request the next of kin for an eye donation. Additional government pleader Niranjan Pandit submitted that the state is waiting for the Centre's notification before they can implement the amendments.The judges said the state need not wait. \"If you are having objections to any of amended provisions, then we can understand the hesitation,\" said Justice Shah.The court was told that JJ Hospital dean Dr T P Lahane has been appointed to frame guidelines for eye banks on sending unviable corneas for research to other states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "moscow", "code": "12118204", "title": "Putin follows czars in bid to seal poll win", "text": "MOSCOW: Vladimir Putin followed in the footsteps of Russia's czars when he interrupted his presidential poll campaign to seek the blessing of the Virgin of Tikhvin, a Byzantine icon which believers say works miracles. Legend has it that all the czars except one sought the Virgin's blessing before ascending the throne. The one who did not, Nicholas II, turned out to be the last, killed by revolutionaries in 1918. Putin has now visited the icon in a 16th-century monastery five times. His latest visit to the monastery east of St Petersburg was in January, before he revved up his campaign for elections.Since then he appears to have consolidated core voters in the provinces, supporters have staged rallies in Moscow and a first-round victory looks likely, even though he faces big opposition protests in Moscow and St Petersburg. \"He did not just sit in a trench, as proposed by some of his advisers. He launched a successful counter-attack ,\" Valery Fyodorov, head of the VTsIOM polling agency said. He cited a 15-percentagepoint rise in Putin's poll rating since December, as a sign of a successful campaign.Putin's victory was never in doubt against four rivals who offer little competition. But he now looks on course to win more than 50 percent of the votes on Sunday, avoiding a runoff that could have undermined his claim to lead the whole nation.Putinsought to put a positive spin on massive protests that have been held against his 12-year rule, saying they were a \"good experience for Russia .\" \"That situation has helped make government structures more capable, has raised the need for them to think, search for solutions and communicate with the society,\" Putin said during a meeting with editors of top Western newspapers.He promised to engage in dialogue with the protesters, but rejected the opposition's main demand to hold a rerun of December's parliamentary election during which Putin's party held onto its majority through what was believed to be widespread official fraud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12119015", "title": "GMC delays cleaning drains before monsoon", "text": "GUWAHATI: Though the Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) had assured that the drains in the city will be cleared much before monsoon starts to solve the problems of water logging and flash flood here, there is a delay in the cleaning of big and medium drains in the city this year too.The meteorological department has forecast thundershowers in March as the pre-monsoon season has already begun from Thursday. However, the civic body invited tender for cleaning and desilting of the drains within its jurisdiction only last Tuesday.In January, the GMC said it would carry out desiltation and cleaning of all the arterial drains in the areas under its jurisdiction, whether it is maintained by the PWD or the water resources department to relieve the city from the problem of water logging and flash flood.\"We have invited tenders from contractor for cleaning and desilting of the drains. In the first phase, 79 big and medium drains will be cleaned and this phase will be completed by March 20. Cleaning of the smaller drains has already been going on manually. 55 small drains in the city have been cleaned ahead of the monsoon season this year. We have also engaged vehicle-mounted jetting and suction pump with two vehicle-mounted containers in the cleaning drive,\" said joint commissioner of GMC, Ratul Baruah.Baruah said that after the allotment of the cleaning and desilting works of the drains, the contractors will have to maintain the drains till October 31. \"The contractors will have to maintain the drains till the rainy season is over,\" he added.City-dwellers have been facing the problem of flash floods during monsoons for the last few years and since non-cleaning of drains is one of the main reasons of flash flood, the Assam government has allotted Rs 3.20 crore to the GMC this year to clean the drains.The state government has also given Rs 3 crore to the state water resource department for cleaning the Bharalu, Mora Bharalu and Bahini rivers and the Sarusola beel ahead of the monsoon this year. Though these water bodies have the capacity to hold the rain water of most parts of the city, their capacity have considerably reduced due to encroachment and throwing of garbage.However, widening of underground canal drains and canals is yet to begin in the city, though experts call it the main reason of flash flood in Guwahati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117961", "title": "Baby kidnapper may have left city, say cops", "text": "MUMBAI: The Kales spent another day on Friday without any information about the whereabouts of their seven-month-old baby boy, Vishwanathan, who was kidnapped by an unidentified woman on Wednesday from Cama Hospital. The Azad Maidan police, who are investigating the case, said they had hit a dead-end in their search within the city. Sources said they suspected that the woman had left the city with the baby.\"We have sent a message to police stations across the country about the incident. The sketch has been sent to all police stations in Navi Mumbai, Thane and neighbouring districts in Maharashtra. We can say that the entire police force of these areas is in looking for the lady and the baby\" said investigating officer S G Naik.The police have also contacted hospital authorities in these districts. \"The baby had an infection for which his mother had taken him to the hospital the day he was stolen. It is likely that the kidnapper would also take the child for treatment before she tries to sell him. If he has already been sold, the family which has purchased him will definitely seek medical treatment. So, we have sent a picture of the baby and the woman to nearby hospitals,\" said a police officer.Cops have also notified the Maharashtra State Bureau for missing children about the case. \"They have not received any information about the child but we have updated them. Their teams will also probe the case,\" said Naik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117553", "title": "Businessman mows down girl while reversing car", "text": "MUMBAI: A seven-year-old girl lost her life after she came under the wheels of a reversing car in south Mumbai on Friday around 9.30am.The driver of the car, Yasar Fathehi, was arrested. Fathehi, a businessman, was released on bail after he furnished a security of Rs 15,000.The victim, Sonu Kale, is the daughter of a boatman who operates ferries at the Gateway of India. Her family stays on a footpath under the Kemps Corner bridge.The incident occurred as Sonu was entering the complex of the Corner Mill building, near Cumballa Hill Hospital, to get water from the building's security guard. Fathehi, who was leaving for work, did not notice Sonu and knocked her down while reversing his Skoda.Fathehi allegedly took Sonu to Cumballa Hill Hospital, where she was declared dead. \"The post mortem report indicates heavy internal bleeding,\" said inspector (Gamdevi) R Dalvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12118618", "title": "Wine and dine this weekend", "text": "BANGALORE: The rhythmic beats of Dollu Kunitha heralded the International Wine Festival-2012 on Friday. There's more to celebrate - Karnataka will now have to bring 3,000 acres under grape cultivation and double its wine production by 2015.Wine makers signed an MoU with the Wine Board, which is offering them subsidies ranging from Rs 5,000 to Rs 50,000. Wine companies that signed MoUs were Nisarga , Elite, India Ambience, Rico, Krishna Valley, Heritage, Krishnamriga, Dada, Nandi Valley and Alpine. The Wine Board of Karnataka is hosting International Wine Festival till Sunday. Minister for horticulture and sugar AS Ravindranatha, minister for excise MP Renukacharya, minister for large and medium industries Murugesh R Nirani, minister for agriculture Umesh V Katti, MLA Roshan Baig, and MP PC Mohan attended.Basavaraj Girevannur, who owns Rico in Bijapur, was thrilled. \"It gives us the platform to cultivate our vineyards , which are spread across 150 acres,\" he said.Raghavendra Gowda, MD, Alpine Wineries, said: \"This fest is very encouraging , and I hope it travels to cities such as Mysore, Manipal and Chikmagalur. Roshan Biag suggested that we have a road show of Karnataka wines in Europe, Australia and South Africa. I hope it takes shape.\"As Subir Hari Singh, additional chief secretary and head of Wine Board of Karnataka puts it: \"We've been working for eight months to put this together, to help stakeholders - farmers, wineries and consumers. The government recognizes that wine is a good alternative to hard liquor, and we hope to replicate this fest every year.\"On The MenuWines to watch out for at the fest are Alpine's Vindiva and Grover's La Reserve from Karnataka. Among the non-Karnataka wines will be Sula and Luca's litchi-flavoured varieties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "vapi", "code": "12118869", "title": "Man robbed of 6 lakh", "text": "VAPI: Two miscreants on a motorcycle snatched a bag containing Rs 6 lakh from an assistant manager of a non- banking finance company in Vapi town on Friday morning. Police have launched a manhunt for the two miscreants, who are in the age group between 20 to 25 and were clad in jeans and T-shirts.Bimal Desai of Muthoot Finance was on his way to office in car on Vapi-Daman road after withdrawing money from GIDC branch of Axis Bank . When he took a u-turn for his office, the accused knocked his left window of the car and started a fight. Desai had pulled down the glasses of the car's window during the argument. The pillion rider on the motor-cycle pulled out the bag containing cash kept on the rear seat of the car, and immediately the miscreants sped away, police said.Police said, \"We have been able to get their descriptions as the accused were without helmets.\"This is seventh such incident in Vapi town in the past three months. District collector had on February 13 in a notification asked jewellery show room owners, banks and private finance companies to install CCTV cameras on their premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12119124", "title": "Scribes condemn attack by lawyers", "text": "DHARWAD: The members of Dharwad Media Club on Friday strongly condemned the attack by a section of lawyers on mediapersons and policemen in Bangalore.Led by DMC president Virupaksha Halakarnimath, the media persons shouted slogans against the errant lawyers and demanded stern action against them. They also wrote a memorandum addressed to the chief minister and submitted it to the deputy commissioner Darpan Jain.The members said the police had been soft to the lawyers when they created ruckus and held Bangaloreans to ransom for hours together a couple of months ago as a result of which the rowdy elements among the lawyers had dared attack policemen also along with media persons.The DMC urged the government to initiate criminal action against the errant lawyers. Shripad Yerekuppi, Mustafa Kunnibhavi, Ambareesh , Pundalik Hadapad, Basavaraj Hiremath and others were present.Protest in BelgaumJournalists in Belgaum staged a protest in the city on Friday. They expressed their anger by burning rubber tyres in the court premises here.Later they built a human chain and shouted slogans against advocates.Journalists Basavaraj Hawaldar, Vilas Joshi, and others were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12118133", "title": "Ex-envoy deposes in British nationals' killing", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Another former British envoy has deposed from London before the special SIT court in Himmatnagar through video-conferencing in connection with the murder of three British nationals during post-Godhra riots near Prantij in Sabarkantha.Howard Parkinson was the deputy British high commissioner then and had entered into communication with the Gujarat DGP in connection with the investigation in the killings. He had received anonymous fax message containing names of accused persons. He was examined on the request of complainant Imran Dawood.On Thursday, Parkinson said during his examination-in-chief before designated judge Geeta Gopi about his communication with the DGP on March 5, 15 and 26, 2002, wherein he asked for details about investigation in this case. Accordingly, the DGP furnished details of the investigation to the high commission. In this case, Saeed Dawood, Mohammed Aswat Nallabhai, Shakil Dawood and a Gujarati driver Yusuf Sulaiman were killed on National Highway No 8 near Prantij. Imran was also travelling with them, but he escaped the violence and later became the complainant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12121399", "title": "\u2018Give evidences against writers who read Rushdie\u2019", "text": "AJMER: The court of the additional chief judicial magistrate here on Friday asked for evidence and witnesses against four writers - Hari Kunzru, Amitava Kumar, Jeet Thayil and Ruchir Joshi - for publicly reading extracts from Salman Rushdie's banned book 'The Satanic Verses' during Jaipur Literature Festival 2012. Magistrate Surendra Kumar Purohit asked complainant Muzaffer Bharti, president of the Muslim Ekta Manch, for evidences and witnesses in the case. So far, the complainant has submitted newspapers clips as evidence to establish his case.Bharti filed an application in the lower court of Ajmer requesting it to direct police to register a criminal case against all accused on January 24. The petitioner alleged that the four writers read out passages in public during sessions of Jaipur Literature Fetival on January 20 to express their support for Salman Rushdie , whose participation in the festival was protested by some Muslims organizations .The petitioner contended that reading out passages from the book was an ''unlawful and intentional'' act by these writers to hurt people's sentiments.''All accused are highly qualified and aware of the fact that they are reading out passages from the book banned by government of India ,'' Bharti submitted in the court.In Jaipur, five complaints have been filed by different individuals and organizations, including the All India Milli Council and the BJP minority cell, in a lower court demanding action against the four authors and festival organizers Sanjoy Roy, Namita Gokhale, William Dalrymple.The petitioners have sought action under various sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC), including 153, 153A, 295, 295A, 298, 505, 504 and 120B.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "kudankulam", "code": "12116624", "title": "Mood at nuclear-plant stir turns anti-DMK", "text": "KUDANKULAM: The anti-nuclear stir, spearheaded by the People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE) at Kudankulam, is turning out to be an anti-DMK and anti-Congress agitation too.For two days, on Wednesday and Thursday, fishermen from many nearby hamlets went around removing DMK flags from the area, protesting against party president M Karunanidhi's recent statement that the state government should have taken stern action against those staging a protest against the upcoming nuclear power plant. Karunanidhi on Wednesday accused the state government of extending \"silent support\" to anti-nuclear protesters.DMK cadres in many coastal hamlets are incensed by his remarks. \"We have decided to quit DMK and the same message has been relayed to coastal villages in Tirunelveli, Kanyakumari and Tuticorin. Party cadres from Idinthakarai, who are participating in the struggle, were asked to assemble at the protest site on Friday. But the decision of quitting the party is for individual cadre to take,\" said T Raj Leon, a DMK sympathiser.The mood has been anti-Congress ever since the agitation started 200 days ago. There are indications that the agitation may take a different turn in the coming days, especially after the Sankarankoil bypoll on March 18 as the state government is likely to show greater desire to resolve the issue. Close on the heels of a meeting between chief minister J Jayalalithaa and those leading the agitation, the government on Friday sent additional director general of police (law and order) S George to the region for an assessment of the situation. He toured the area to gather first-hand knowledge of the terrain. The entire police top brass in south Tamil Nadu accompanied him. A heavy police force was deployed near the plant.Though there is no word yet on the future course of action, indications are that the state may heed to Centre's request to clear the area near the plant for completion of works to ensure its early commissioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12120887", "title": "State govt gears up to fight 'early' summer", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With March signalling the onset of summer, the state government on Thursday stepped up its preparedness to prevent heatwave deaths, which have become a significant killer in Odisha in recent years. The daytime temperature had already crossed 40 degree Celsius in certain parts like Bhubaneswar and Malkangiri in February.On a day when the highest temperature was recorded at 38 degree Celsius at Titlagarh, known for its scorching summer, chief minister Naveen Patnaik reviewed the preparations. He asked district collectors to take all possible steps and properly monitor preparations in their respective areas for mitigating heat conditions. The administrative departments concerned should also monitor preparedness in close tandem with the district administrations, he said.An official release said Naveen directed different departments to ensure uninterrupted drinking water supply both in rural and urban areas. Besides, he stressed on immediate repair of defunct tubewells, piped water projects as well as supply of water in tankers in water scarce localities of the state. Arrangement of drinking water should be ensured for animals too, he instructed.The health department was asked to ensure adequate stock of ORS (oral rehydration salt), IV (intra-veinous) fluids at government hospitals and dispensaries for sunstroke patients. These apart, the governement, in a bid to create mass awareness to beat the heat, would make adequate publicity through media.The meeting also decided to revise timings of different examinations depending on the heat conditions, even though such changes are normally done after March 31 every year. The school and mass education department was asked to ensure supply of drinking water in schools, said a government officer. Like previous years, the government also decided to restrict working hours of labourers and plying of buses during hours when the mercury level goes up.On Wednesday, Naveen stressed on completion of construction of a drinking water treatment plant at Dakhinpur in Berhampur town by April 15, an official release said. This project aims to supply additional 200 lakh litre of water to residents of the Silk City, taking the total supply of piped water to 570 lakh litre.Keeping in view the long-term need of Berhampur, another water Rs 250 crore project targeting distribution of 125 million litres by 2042 is being planned, official sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12116494", "title": "MIM to work for BCs, dalits, says Asad", "text": "HYDERABAD: The MIM would soon take up issues specific to dalits and backward classes, party president Asaduddin Owaisi said while speaking at the party's 54th foundation day celebrations on Friday.At the function organized at the party headquarters, Darussalam, Nampally, Owaisi pointed out that majority of the problems faced by the dalits and BCs were similar to those plaguing the minorities. \"Our policy is to bring all the economically and socially depressed sections in society under a powerful umbrella,\" he said. Owaisi said the party has decided to increase its participation in the municipalities of the neighbouring states like Maharashtra and Karnataka. Akbaruddin Owaisi, MIM floor leader in Assembly, said the time to demonstrate the presence of his party in the civic bodies in the state has come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12118621", "title": "Vitamin pill a day to help ward off skin cancer", "text": "LONDON: Want to stave off skin cancer ? Pop a vitamin pill daily, recommend researchers.A new study has found that taking essential food supplements packed with vitamin A everyday could make people, particularly women, less vulnerable to melanoma, the deadliest form of skin cancer.The researchers have, in fact,thatfound retinol- a key component of vitamin A - protects against the disease ; the strongest protective effects are found in women, the 'Daily Mail' reported.However, there is no such link between dietary intake of vitamin A, found in carrots, eggs and milk, and reduced risk of skin cancer, claims the study.For their study, the researchers at the Kaiser Permanente Northern California Division of Research analysed some 70,000 men and women who consumed vitamin A through either dietary or supplementary methods.The findings revealed those who used retinol regularly were 60 per cent less likely to develop skin cancer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12120952", "title": "Civil Services Main Exam 2011 Results declared", "text": "New Delhi: The Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) has declared the result of the Civil Services Main Examination 2011. Alongwith the results, roll numbers of the candidates who have qualified for the personality test for selection to the Indian Administrative Service , Indian Foreign Service, Indian Police Service and other Central Services (Group 'A' and Group 'B') has also been announced.Personality tests will begin from March 19, 2012 and the date and time for the same will be intimated to the candidates. The details will also be posted on the UPSC website.Candidates who have not received any communication regarding their personality test, should immediately contact the office of the UPSC through letter or phone, Numbers: 011-23385271, 011-23381125, 011-23098543, Fax: 011-23387310, 011-23384472.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12121368", "title": "Taarkasur creates drama in Mahadev!", "text": "Nikhil Sinha's Devon Mein Dev - Mahadev is winning lot of accolades for its content and Taarkasur's entry creates drama in Mahadev.Long back, he did penance for Mahadev and got the boon of being killed only by Mahadev's son. Taarkasur's thought was that Mahadev would not marry, so indirectly he got the boon of immortality. But Narad has informed Taarkasur that Mahadev is planning to marry Sati and Taarkasur takes it as threat for his life and therefore, sends his evil hench Vrishchik, Kantak and Dantu to kill Sati. Creative Director Sohana Sinha confirms, \"Taarkasur entry has brought more drama in the show. He wants to get Sati killed and he won't succeed in his evil plans.\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12121174", "title": "Psychosocial Clinical Studies", "text": "The psychosocial clinical studies programme has its genesis in the fact that disciplines, in the way that they have unfolded in our academic institutions, have remained isolated and in their own domains.This course is not just about looking at an individual at a cognitive level, but as a social being as well. We also look into an anthropologists view of how humans exist and the sociological understanding of it and in all of this, where the economy figures.The programme tries to trace our genesis as humans and the genesis of our troubles.What we look at is the community than just a person; for example, inter-community riots, racism and casteism how they happened and whether we have been able to part ways with them or are they still lurking in subtler forms in society. We also look at how children are impacted by society and grow up to become political citizens.Because of the strong clinical element, we will be clinical practitioners. One has the option of practising as counsellors in schools, setting up private practises, and even working in mental health clinics. But there is also a lot of scope for a person from a psychosocial background in areas like conflict resolution.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "12118272", "title": "Woman tortured for \u2018anti-Islam views\u2019 in Pakistan", "text": "LAHORE: A Christian woman was brutally tortured and paraded in the streets of a village in Pakistan's Punjab province by a mob for her alleged \"anti-Islam views\", local residents and police officials said on Friday.Some 30 residents of Kot Meerath village of Sialkot district, 80 km from Lahore, dragged Seema Bibi out of her house on February 26 and paraded her in the streets after shaving her head. Following the assault, Seema Bibi and her family left the village to save their lives, local residents said.\"She and her family had been facing threats from a group of extremist villagers. She left the village as she had no other option,\" said Aslam Masih, a resident of Kot Meerath.Regional police chief Muhammad Amin said that 26 people had been arrested on charges of torturing Seema Bibi and a case had been registered against them. Amin said police had no knowledge of the whereabouts of Seema Bibi and her family.Amin said the arrested people had tortured and assaulted Seema Bibi for her beliefs . Police had stepped up their vigil due to tensions between Muslims and Christians in the village, he said.Hindu girl taken hostage, forced to embrace IslamA 19-year-old Hindu girl's abduction and her \"forced\" conversion to Islam in Pakistan's Sindh province triggered a protest by members of various minority communities in front of the Lahore Press Club.Dozens joined the protest on Thursday to demand action in the case of Rinkle Kumari, from Mirpur Mahelo in Ghotki district, who they alleged was kidnapped by the son of a parliamentarian from Ghotki district of Sindh. The girl's relatives claimed they had been getting threats from kidnappers and influential Muslims of the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12117801", "title": "Maximum first-timers in seventh phase", "text": "LUCKNOW: The last phase of the assembly election is 'youngest' in terms of voters. Five of the ten districts going to polls on Saturday form the top five districts with maximum number of first-time voters.Jyotiba Phule Nagar tops the list with more than 4.66% first time voters out of total 11.30 lakh voters. Next is Rampur where out of 14.49 lakh voters, 1.07 lakh are in the age group of 18-19 years.Pilibhit is placed third with 4.31% voters in the entry level category. There are 12.68 lakh voters in Pilibhit. Kheri and Bijnor are placed fourth and fifth. Large number of voters in 20-29 years and 30-39 age-brackets also makes Jyotiba Phule Nagar stand apart.here, out of 3.39 lakh or over 18% voters are in their 20s while 2.43 lakh voters are in their 30s.Thus, 6.69 lakh of the total 11.3 lakh voters make JP Nagar the youngest district in terms of voters. In the last decade, JP Nagar's literacy rate swelled by 50 per cent. Considering the same, political pundits are hopeful of a good voter turnout this time.Prior to delimitation, JP Nagar had three constituencies -- Amroha, Hasanpur, Gangeshwari (SC). While Amroha was won by SP's Mehboob Ali who is contesting from the same seat this time, Gangeshwari went to BJP's Harpal Singh.Since the seat was purged in delimitation, Singh has moved to the newly carved seat of Dhanaura (SC). Hasanpur was won by BSP's Farhat Hasan who moved to a seat in Panchsheel Nagar following change in caste equations.During 2009 Lok Sabha elections, RLD secured highest votes in Dhanaura, Naugavan Sadat and Hasanpur. SP had retained its supremacy on Amroha seat. In Pilibhit too, the number of young voters (18-39 years) is as high as 7.45 lakh, almost 58.8% of the total voters.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12118770", "title": "FMs to discuss CST, negative list", "text": "INDORE: The empowered group of state finance ministers are meeting once again in Delhi on Saturday morning to discuss the issues like central sales tax (CST) compensation, negative list of services and goods and sales tax (GST) network. The meeting, which was likely to be attended by the Madhya Pradesh finance minister, Raghavji along with his counterparts in other states, would be held at Delhi Secretariat. The committee, headed by the current Bihar deputy chief minister, Sushil Kumar Modi , has already apprised of its views on the topics to Yashwant Sinha, former union finance minister who is heading parliamentary committee on finance at present.When the CST was reduced by the Centre from earlier existing mark of 4% in two phases, first to 3% in 2007 and to 2% in 2008, it had promised the states to compensate the loss being incurred by them due to its act. However, after having reimbursed it until the year 2010-11, the Centre said 'no' to them by suggesting for getting it done through imposition or increase of tax on items like sugar, textile and tobacco. The state government has already proposed imposition of VAT on these items in the state for the new fiscal 2012-13. For the year 2010-11 alone, the compensation amount in context of Madhya Pradesh comes to be at Rs 190 crore and it was increasing by nearly 20% every year.However, the imposition of taxes on these three items will help the state only to a certain extent, as it was likely to get merely a sum of Rs 150 crore by the new measure, feel the experts. Coming on the proposed GST Network, National Securities Depository Ltd (NSDL) is developing a common portal which will link various states' portals to the same. The progress on the project will also come up for discussion during the meeting.Finally, the state FMs will be discussing the negative list. In simple terms, it means that the Centre should not impose any tax on those items that are already being taxed by the states, said the expert. The states are of the firm belief that their revenue can't be reduced in case the proposed GST comes into effect since April 1. There are areas like entertainment, hotels and restaurants besides property, which fall under the state list, still the Centre has started imposing service tax on them since 2000, which is being opposed by the states, added the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "12118979", "title": "Depleting water level at KRS worries ryots", "text": "MANDYA: The fast depleting water level at the Krishnarajasagara reservoir (KRS) is giving sleepless nights to the farmers in the area.The water level at the reservoir on Wednesday stood at 107.030 ft with an inflow of 894 cusecs and an outflow of 4,814 cusecs against its maximum level of 124.80 ft. According to sources in the irrigation department, the inflow into the dam was 635 cusecs while outflow was 4,814 cusecs on the same day last year. Compared with previous year, there is a short of 5 tmcft water this summer.\"As on Thursday, a total of 28,839 tmcft water is stored in the reservoir. Out of which, only 20,460 tmcft water could be used for irrigation and drinking purposes. The remaining 9 tmcft water is a dead storage and it cannot be used for irrigation. However, some part of it could be used for drinking. If the water level goes down below 74 feet, we will not be able to release water to irrigation canals. We have to keep this scarce precious liquid till the end of the summer which is highly unlikely,\" an irrigation officer told TOI.Depleting water levels at KRS reservoir, an indication of possible water scarcity and draught situation, is likely to cause turmoil in Mandya and Mysore districts.\"We did not face any shortage of water for our crops in the last couple of years. But, we are worried this summer as water level in the dam is depleting with the rise in mercury level,\" said Konasale Narasaraju, district president of the Karnataka Rajya Raita Sangha.Another farmer leader Haniyambadi Nagaraju blamed the Cauvery Irrigation Advisory Committee for allegedly wasting around 3 tmcft water due to unscientific water management.\"If water is being released to canals periodically on a rationale basis, we could have maintained a satisfactory water level of 115 feet,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12117855", "title": "Foresters fail to dart stray tiger", "text": "LUCKNOW: It was a close encounter for the forest staff with the stray tiger at Rahmankhera on Friday. The tiger came out of its hideout, following an elephant during the combing operation, but forest staff could not dart the big cat.Sources said 'mahout' was sent all alone to comb the area. And, he fled the scene on seeing the tiger.It has been two months since the tiger has been localized at Rahmankhera and forest department officers are tracking it.The beast has been spotted on several occasions but forest officers have failed to trap or tranquilize it.The tiger is so commonly spotted in the area that almost everybody at Central Institute of Subtropical Horticulture (CISH) has seen the tiger, in the past two months. But, forest department officers have not made any breakthrough in darting the animal.On Friday, wildlife enthusiasts also visited the Rahmankhera campus. \"We did suggest few things to officers there but how much will they act upon has to be seen,\" said Kaushlendra Singh.The forest officers sit inside enclosures with a dart gun, and wait for the tiger to attack or come close to the bait tied near the enclosure, so that they can tranquilize the tiger. The forest officers were suggested that they should cover the enclosure with a thatch than a green cloth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12118598", "title": "Black friday", "text": "The law of the jungle prevailed in the heart of the city on Friday as a group of unruly lawyers clashed with mediapersons and policeAll semblance of law and order collapsed, ironically at the City Civil Court complex on Friday. A group of lawyers set out to teach mediapersons a lesson in the morning but the situation spun out of control through the day. Attacked by lawyers, policemen responded with a heavy hand to restore order. TOI captures nine hours of chaos.10.30AMA huge contingent of media personnel, mostly TV crew, waits at two gates of the City Civil Court complex on Post Office Road for the CBI to bring former minister G Janardhana Reddy to the special CBI court. Ten minutes later, a group of advocates abuses and assaults a couple of mediapersons and tries to snatch their cameras at the gate next to the Metro workplace. Journalists rush to the gate adjacent to Cauvery Bhavan. Another group of advocates objects to the presence of journalists and hurls abuses and assaults cameramen . Police shoo mediapersons away. In the melee, the CBI convoy ferrying Reddy enters the complex.11.45AMCBI takes Reddy out of the court complex. Advocates pick up a fight with journalists. Police intervene and send mediapersons out of the premises. Hundreds of policemen and mediapersons on Post Office Road and getting ready to leave. By now, advocates ' ranks have swelled and they throw stones and helmets on mediapersons . Advocates smash OB vans, damage their equipment. Mobile phones , gold chains, wallets and other valuables are snatched from a journalist . Six camerapersons and three reporters are injured. Prohibitory orders clamped in and around the complex and traffic into the road blocked.NoonStones hurled from inside the complex injure a couple of policemen . Cops cane advocates. Advocates lining balconies of the seven-storey building rain slippers, stones, chairs, tables and flowerpots on policemen below. The premises turns into a warzone . Advocates adopt guerrilla tactics and policemen wield batons and fire tear-gas shells. Stones thrown by lawyers land on the adjacent Government Arts College, triggering protests from students. DCP (central) G Ramesh is punched in the face, hit with a boulder on the chest and head and is rushed to hospital. An ACP shouts at a colleague: '' Should we wait for orders even now?''' Advocates torch six cars, 15 motorcycles and the police outpost on the premises.2.30PMFour Karnataka high court judges KL Manjunath, K Sreedhar Rao, HN Nagamohandas and B Srinivas Gowda and principal sessions judge RB Budhihal arrive in the court complex to monitor the situation . Rumours of a lawyer having died in police action are already rife. Judges then ask policemen to vacate the court premises. They also ask them to ensure safe passage for lawyers and court staffers.3PMThe judges' convoy leaves the court. A police officer who escorted the judges is attacked by lawyers. All hell breaks loose. Some lawyers are attacked by unidenitfied men. Pitched battles erupt between police and lawyers. Groups of lawyers rush down the stairs of the complex, beat the occasional solitary policeman and run back into the building. Wireless messages fly around and policemen run into the building, beat trouble-makers . A group of lawyers smash a lone policeman with a big stone repeatedly.4.30PMBeaten by police, a lawyer runs back into the building shouting, '' We should kill them all.'' A group of lawyers comes down and attacks six policemen at the typist stalls. One lawyer finds a constable from Amrithahalli police station standing in the shade and hits him on the head with a stone. The unconscious constable is rushed to hospital . Cars and bikes parked in the premises are set on fire. A fire tender arrives to douse the fire. Mediapersons are warned to get off the complex premises.6PMUnidentified persons set cars on fire in the compounds of Central College and UVCE. People coming towards KR Circle from Central College side are beaten black and blue by the same men. The cars are reduced to ashes by the time a fire engine arrives. A car moving towards Freedom Park is stoned near KR Circle but the driver speeds away. Traffic piles up around K R Circle. By 7.30pm, the entire City Civil Court complex is sanitized and police are in control of the situation.Harassment case filed against BU VCBANGALORE: A case has been filed against Bangalore University vice-chancellor Prabhu Dev for alleged mental harassment of an employee.A complaint has been registered at the Jnanabharati police station by BU Non-Teaching Staff SC/ST Association. The association alleged that university engineer Puttaswamy N suffered a heart attack as the VC was pressurizing him over the work on Kolar PG campus.The construction of the campus has been delayed for two years. Instructions were given to the engineer to give work orders. \"The engineer had already given the work order. But the VC alleged that it was not issued in a stamp paper. He sent a letter to syndicate members and sought action against Puttaswamy,\" said P Shivappa, president of the association.The engineer had a heart attack on Thursday and is in hospital . The VC said: \"I don't know anything about it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12117963", "title": "Hard truths come to fore before panel", "text": "NAGPUR: The 10-member parliamentary standing panel on agriculture has concurred with what local farm activists have been saying right from the beginning. The much touted Prime Minister's relief package has failed to help farmers of Vidarbha.The committee led by MP Basudeb Acharya of CPM visited Yavatmal on Friday to look into ground reality of agriculture scenario and implementation of packages.Interacting with media in Nagpur, committee chairman Acharya said that farmers did not get benefit of package as very little money reached them.Acharya said that Maharashtra in spite of being a progressive state did not have not sufficient irrigation facilities. \"Only 10% land is irrigated. Irrigation potential has to be increased if the agrarian crisis is to end,\" he said.The parliamentary committee's observations are likely to discomfort the state government that has been promoting Bt cotton. \"Most of the farmers we met are against Bt cotton and want to go in for the earlier one,\" the MP said.Sudhir Goel, principal secretary (agriculture), Maharashtra government, told the committee members that a second PM package was needed for the region. He said that a Rs 7,500 crore agricultural package and a Rs 13,500 crore irrigation package had been sent to the Centre in 2009 but they were not sanctioned. Goel urged committee to take up the issue with the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12121156", "title": "Suman Banerjee becomes a dad", "text": "Suman Banerjee is on cloud nine. He has just bagged a new role, that of a real life dad.The actor was blessed with a son recently. Says an elated Suman, \"I am speechless. The feeling in yet to sink in. Both mother and child are doing fine. All I wanted was a healthy child. I am glad that my prayers have been answered.\"In fact, the dad already has stories to share about his bundle of joy, \"He entered this world crying. But can you believe it, the moment we tried to capture the first shot on our mobiles, he stopped crying and stared at the camera. I couldn't help thinking if he would grow up to be an actor.\"Ask Suman if he has decided on a name and he is prompt to answer, \"Asmita and I plan to call him Ashman.\" Surely the sky will be the limit for the little one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12116561", "title": "Man gets life term for setting wife on fire", "text": "CHENNAI: A 42-year-old man was on Friday sentenced to life imprisonment for the immolation of his wife at their house in Choolaimedu six years ago.Women's court judge R Sethumadhavan fined G Murugan Rs 50,000 after public prosecutor Gowri Asokan argued that oral and documentary evidence proved beyond reasonable doubt that Murugan had murdered his wife.The prosecution informed the court that Murugan had been married to Mangaiyarkarasi for seven years and they had two children. The couple quarrelled frequently. Mangaiyarkarasi, who was 33 years old at the time of her death, worked as a security guard at Century Plaza on Anna Salai, and her husband was also a security guard.Mangaiyarkarasi had not gone to work on October 28, 2006 because she was not feeling well. Her husband also stayed home. When Mangaiyarkarasi brought up the subject of moving to a new house since the roof of their house was leaking, an argument broke out between the two.The prosecution said Murugan went to the bathroom, filled a bucket with kerosene and doused his wife with the fuel. He then set her ablaze.Mangaiyarkarasi was rushed to the hospital by her neighbour. Before she died, Mangaiyarkarasi gave a statement to the police in the presence of a doctor, in which she detailing how Murugan had set her on fire.The victim's sister, Ilavarasi, while giving testimony, said Mangaiyarkarasi gave loans to individuals, who would visit her to repay the money. One of her debtors, Sekar, visited her and got her a job. Murugan was suspicious of Mangaiyarkarasi's relationship with Sekar, she said, and had filed a police complaint in July, 2006 accusing her with infidelity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12117870", "title": "Contractor held hostage at MLA\u2019s place in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: A contractor was allegedly held hostage at the official residence of a sitting Samajwadi Party MLA at Bahukhandi flats near Baalu Adda in the city on Friday. The victim was rescued by the police after his associates informed the cops about the incident.The incident later turned out to be a business dispute between the contractor and his former business partner, who had called the contractor for talks at the official residence of the SP MLA, Brahma Shanker Tripathi. In the written complaint lodged with the police in connection with the incident, the victim has not accused the MLA of playing any role whatsoever in the crime except for the fact that he was called to the MLA's flat by the accused on the pretext of resolving the dispute.It all began on Friday afternoon, when two persons informed the Hazratganj police that a Faizabad-based contractor has been held hostage by miscreants inside MLA flat number A 703 at Bahukhandi Vidhayak Niwas. Police rushed to the scene and rescued the contractor, who was later identified as Jeet Bahadur.Police also detained Keshav Chaubey - a native of Kasia area in Deoria district, while two of his unidentified associates managed to slip from the crime scene moments before the police reached the site.Quoting the victim and the accused, police said that the two were contractors working together till recently, but parted ways following a dispute over sharing of profits. All the outstanding dues between the two were settled except the one worth Rs 2 lakh, which Keshav claimed that Jeet Bahadur owed him. tnnJeet told the police that Keshav called him up inviting him over to the SP MLA's flat to resolve the dispute. When Jeet reached the flat, Keshav and his two unidentified aides allegedly held him hostage. They then asked his aides to go and get Rs 2 lakh in cash from his family members threatening to throw Jeet down the multi-storied building if they failed to return with the cash in the next couple of hours. The two left the premises only to inform the police.Attempts to contact the SP MLA Brahma Shanker Tripathi, who has been allotted the flat provided futile. Tripathi is the MLA from Kasia assembly constituency in Deoria district, while Keshav hails from Kushinagar. Police said there was nothing in hand to suggest that the MLA was present at the scene of crime or if the crime was committed in his knowledge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12118155", "title": "US special forces assist India to thwart counter-terror threats", "text": "NEW DELHI: The US maintains special forces' teams in India to train Indian forces in counter-terrorism, specifically against Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT), evoking sharp reaction from CPI that why the government kept it under wraps and Parliament was not taken into confidence in the matter.Admitting this for the first time, chief of US' Pacific Command (PACOM) Robert Willard told a Congressional hearing that both Washington and New Delhi were working closely against the threat of terrorism from LeT.\"We are working very closely with India with regard to their counter-terrorism capabilities and in particular on the maritime domain but also government to government, not necessarily DoD (Department of Defence) but other agencies assisting them in terms of their internal counter-terror and counterinsurgency challenges,\" Willard said.LeT, he said, \"is a very important threat, and we're working very closely with the nations in the region to help contain it.\"He said PACOM's India Engagement Initiative that resourced and hosted Mumbai counter-terrorist specialists for training exercises and exchanges throughout the US, together with capacity-building activities with South Asian partners are mainly focused on containing LeT and contributing to CT self-sufficiency of the sub-region's militaries.For this purpose, Willard says, the US maintains \"special forces assist teams - Pacific assist teams is the term - laid down in Nepal, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, the Maldives as well as India.\" The revelation was a surprise, but as officials clarified, the mechanism does not entail special forces being stationed in India. For that to happen India and the US would have to sign a Status of Forces Agreement ( SOFA), which is unlikely.Indian and US special forces conduct joint exercises in Mizoram and other areas, but in this case, Willard is referring to training Indians in counter-terrorism techniques. India is among the most vulnerable nations in the world to violent terrorism from Pakistan, with LeT taking the lead in sponsoring attacks against New Delhi.In his written testimony, Willard said pursuing a US-India strategic partnership through a close alignment of respective regional security interests is a priority for the US Department of Defence and US PACOM. Terrorism is one of the areas where both nations are now working very closely with each other.\"The relationship with India is strong and growing stronger. It's not without its challenges,\" Willard said.\"We don't have a long history between the countries, as you know. We went through a Cold War without much of a relationship at all. Following the nuclear tests in the late 1990s, we suspended relations government to government. So we've really only been acquainted with India in the past decade,\" Willard said.\"And mil-to-mil, we began at a pretty nascent stage and have progressed to the point that today we exercise with India across all the services. It's one of the most significant security assistance programmes that we have in the Asia-Pacific Theater right now,\" he said.\"At the same time, they (India) pride themselves in what they term strategic autonomy, kind of, a non-alliance philosophy. And as a consequence of that, we are challenged in the relationship by virtue of India seeking to balance its associations with many other nations as well.\"\"And India is in a very challenged part of the world, as we all know, with Afghanistan close by; Pakistan as a neighbour; the Kashmir issue, which has persisted for a long time; and a disputed border between India, China. So there are a lot of issues on the plate, and we're seeking to continue to dialogue with India - terror being one of them - and try to improve the relationships where we can,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12116434", "title": "Many Inter students come late, miss exam", "text": "HYDERABAD: On the first day of intermediate examinations on Friday, about 70,284 candidates failed to turn up to write their second language paper I. Several students were not allowed into the examination hall for coming late. At some venues, in the city and Ranga Reddy district, about 150 students who came late were not allowed to write the examination, officials said.The Board of Intermediate Education has estimated a 7.19% absentee rate this year as compared to previous year's 6.35%. A total of 9.79 lakh students have registered for the examinations.The students who missed their exam blamed the tardy RTC services for reaching their venues late and said that BIE should conduct a separate exam for them. \"The RTC bus services were not prompt and because of this we came late for the exam.\"We will have to appear for the supplementary examination now for no fault of ours,\" said D Poorna, a student who was denied entry into the examination hall. Students complained that even those who came late by a few minutes in the city were not allowed to write the examination.However, BIE officials denied this and said those who were not allowed to write the exam came late by one hour.Students suffered at some centres because of lack of proper furniture. Despite a six-month long efforts to provide furniture at all exam centres in the state, students at two venues in Karimnagar and Chitoor districts faced problems as one of the rooms did not have desks and benches. The students had no option but to squat on the floor to write the exam.In a press statement, BIE stated that the necessary furniture was procured from other colleges and provided to the students at these centres within a short time.On the first day of the exam, a case of impersonation was registered in Khammam district. An invigilator noticed an impersonator writing for his friend, Karri Mallesh, at the Government Junior College, Sathupally, and reported him to police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12118650", "title": "Creating ear awareness", "text": "The department of health, Chandigarh administration will observe Saturday as a International Day for Ear and Hearing. The Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) will organize a number of activities to raise awareness and promote community-based activities for ear on this day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12117566", "title": "State probes deaths of 4 infants", "text": "PUNE: The state health department is investigating into the deaths of four infants, including three who died between February 19 and 25, when the oral polio vaccine (OPV) immunisation drive was in progress. The fourth infant died in Mumbai on February 29 and had been given OPV drops and two more vaccines - DPT (diphtheria, pertussis (whooping cough) and tetanus) and hepatitis - a day earlier.Speaking to TOI on Friday, assistant director (immunisation) and in-charge of the immunisation drive V M Kulkarni said, \"This year, we have reported deaths of three infants during the immunisation drive and one after the drive. We are investigating all the four deaths, which are, prima facie, coincidental.\"The national polio immunisation drive began in Maharashtra on February 19. On the same day, the first death was reported from Nandgaon village in Ratnagiri district. An eight-month-old baby girl, who had received OPV drops at an immunisation booth at 11.30 am, developed convulsions around 5.30 pm and died at a private hospital at 8 pm.The second death took place at Sasara village (Sakoli taluka) in Bhandara district on February 21. An 18-month-old baby girl received OPV drops as well as measles, DPT, Japanese encephalitis and vitamin A vaccines at the state government's sub-centre in Sakoli at 11 am. She died the next day at 3.10 pm.Asked whether administering too many vaccines on the same day could have caused the death, Kulkarni said, \"It is safe and effective to give more than one vaccine during a session. The only thing is that injections should be given at different injection spots, while using different syringes. In case of the baby, all vaccines were given at different spots. Again, the death is co-incidental.\"The third death was of a two-and-half-month-old baby girl from Panvel in Raigad district. She was administered OPV drops by the health department's transit team at the Panvel railway station at 7.20 pm on February 24. The baby died at 3 pm the next day.\"Infant deaths after immunisation are usually coincidental. These deaths have some other co-factors linked to them. Still, the reasons for these deaths are investigated by the Adverse Effects Following Immunisation (AEFI) committees set up in all the 34 districts in the state. The babies' death will also be taken up at the district committee concerned for audit and analysis,\" Kulkarni said.AEFI is a general term that covers various reasons, including bad vaccine quality due to breaks in the cold chain, contamination and complications due to pre-existing conditions of the child.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had flagged off the polio immunisation drive in Maharashtra by administering the oral drops to two children at fort Shivneri, Junnar, in Pune district on February 19.After the drive, the health department registered one more case of infant death. A two-month-old baby was administered DPT, OPV and hepatitis vaccines at the government's Family Clinic No. 2 in Mumbai at 11 am on February 28. The baby died the next day at 6 pm.Infant deaths have been reported in Maharashtra over the years, during the immunisation drive. The state health department's report, released in May, last year, pegs such infant deaths in 2009-10 at 33, up from 26 and 15 in 2008-09 and 2007-08 respectively.Calling vaccines safe, paediatricians say that while side-effects such as mild fever or redness at the spot where the shots have been administered are common, adverse reactions occur in one out of 10 to 20 million doses globally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12118497", "title": "College fests attract youth", "text": "KOCHI: Examinations don't seem to affect the spirit of youth in the city, as students will be making a beeline towards Cusat's and Nual's college festivals.Cochin University of Science and Technology's (Cusat) flagship event 'Sargam 2012' which started on March 1 was inaugurated by noted writer Prof Sanu, the Kendra Sahithya Academy winner. The third day of the five-day festival will stress on folk and cultural art.\"One would relive the feel of school festivals if they come to Cusat,\" said a student. Cusat's main campus on Saturday will see competition in Mohiniyattam, Ottumthullal and Kathaprasangam. Shutterbugs and film lovers can also find their space on Saturday with competitions on photography and film review.'Naalam-12' of Nuals ( National University Of Advanced Legal Studies) will also come alive on Saturday with 17 events and registration of more than 300 candidates. Naalam will be inaugurated by Ganesh Kumar, minister of culture. The highlight on Saturday will be the battle of bands. Eight bands are contesting for Rs 12,500. \"Sunday, the last day will be jam-packed with the Mumbai band Light Years Explode and the Kerala-based rock band Heretic, performing,\" says Vaishaki Iyer, member of event management team for Nuals.In both these festivals, the students have taken care not to cut classes for the event. \"Only last week, we thought of cutting classes, but the administration were very supportive towards us, so we didn't have to cut any classes,\" said a final year law student of Nuals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12118067", "title": "2012 polls would be best for Cong: Rita Bahuguna Joshi", "text": "LUCKNOW: UPCC president Rita Bahuguna Joshi on Friday said that during the ongoing assembly election, Rahul Gandhi has given special focus on the cluster of 85 reserved constituencies in the state.\"The leader has made it a point to visit each of them during the campaign. The extra interest would have a much better impact on the segment than Mayawati's dalit- ki- beti -pitch,\" she said.Dismissing media reports about Congress party's lacklustre performance in the poll, Joshi said that she suspected a deliberate strategy to underplay the Congress party.\"A section of media is either biased or unable to read voters mind. The writing is etched clearly on the wall and it indicates that Mayawati is about to lose her throne,\" Joshi said and recalled how in 2009, media had predicted that Congress would end up with five seats in the parliamentary election whereas the party polled 21 seats. The doomsayer would once again be proved wrong, she said.\"Election-2012 is proving to be by far the best election, the party has contested in last two decades. It is also special because Congress leaders, after a long time buried their individual differences, put up a joint front and acted as a team,\" the UPCC chief said.Lambasting growing lawlessness during the BSP rule, Joshi made specific mention of callous handling of a rape case in Noida where police officer disclosed the identity of the victim. She highlighted a custodial death in Kanpur and charged UP police with breaking all records in the matter with reported 2,500 deaths in police station in past three years. The UPCC president demanded to know the motive behind Maya's efforts to protect PWD minister Naseemuddin Siddiqui despite Lokayukta's indictment.\"Naseemuddin is doubling as a body shield to Mayawati and the day the shield drops, Mayawati would be exposed,\" she said. Chief minister Mayawati, she alleged was as much involved in the corrupt practices as her favourite cabinet minister. Naseemuddin she claimed had a lot to hide and this is the reason why his son, who was expected to appear before the Lokayukta on Friday, submitted a medical certificate to seek exemption from appearance.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12121319", "title": "A question of support", "text": "The Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations ( CICSE) provides special concessions for candidates with specific learning difficulties. In cases of dyslexia, dysgraphia, dyscalculia, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), certain concessions/support are admissible, depending on the nature and degree of the difficulty and on a case-tocase basis. Also, when a candidate suffers an injury or bereavement or dire unforeseen circumstance, which may adversely affect his or her performance in the examination, the special difficulty procedure is used. In this case, a form is forwarded to the council by the head of the candidates school and the candidates answer script is then referred for special consideration by a committee before the results are issued.- GERRY ARATHOON, SECRETARY, COUNCIL FOR THE INDIAN SCHOOLCERTIFICATE EXAMINATIONS (CICSE) The International General Certificate of Secondary Education (IGCSE) provides certain for students with special needs if required. Some external support offered to such students by the board include extra time and providing them with the facility of a reader. However, schools affiliated to IGCSE are not authorised to provide such support to students independently. In order to provide external support to students with special needs, schools are required to submit an application to the board around six months before the examination, seeking external support for such students. Once it receives the application, the board decides on the kind of relaxation that the particular student is entitled to.- GRAHAM RANGER, DIRECTOR,THE BRITISH SCHOOL, DELHIWe believe that every child is unique and important in his or her own way. This is one of the main reasons that we have decided not to segregate students with disabilities from the others. Therefore, apart from providing external support like, reader, writer, etc, CBSE has also decided to allow students with special needs to take up science as their subject if they wish to. This was not allowed earlier since there are practicals involved in this subject. But 2012 onwards, for the first time, students of class XI will be able to take science as their subject. As far as the exams are concerned, for these children, a multiple-choice question paper will be set. From 2013, students from class XII, too, would be able to make this choice.- VINEET JOSHI, CHAIRMAN, CENTRAL BOARD OF SECONDARY EDUCATION (CBSE)Although all boards national, international or state are supposed to provide external support to students with special needs, many of them do not practise it. For example, National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) has the longest list of support facilities for students with special needs like calculator, not deducting marks for incorrect spellings, reader, writer and extra time, among others. Even CBSE and ISC offer similar support to students who need it.- GEET OBEROI, SPECIAL EDUCATOR, FOUNDER-PRESIDENT, ORKIDS; FOUNDER, DELHI LEARNING DISABILITIES ASSOCIATION (DLDA)- Compiled by Vishakha SharmaCourtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12123945", "title": "Scandinavian trees 'survived the last Ice Age'", "text": "LONDON: Contrary to widely held perception, a new study has claimed that a number of trees in Scandinavia survived the last Ice Age.It was previously believed that all Scandinavian tress were killed off by the huge ice sheet that covered the region during the last Ice Age. Now, a team at Copenhagen University says some conifers survived on mountain peaks that protruded from the enormous ice sheet, on islands and in coastal areas.\"Our results demonstrate that not all the Scandinavian conifer trees have the same recent ancestors, as we once believed,\" the 'BBC' quoted as saying Prof Eske Willerslev from the Centre for GeoGenetics, University of Copenhagen.He added: \"There were groups of spruce and pine that survived the harsh climate in small ice-free pockets, or in refuges, as we call them, for tens of thousands of years, and then were able to spread once the ice retreated.\"Other spruce and pine trees have their origins in the southern and eastern ice-free areas of Europe. Therefore, one can now refer to 'original' and later naturally 'introduced' Scandinavian conifer species.\"Researchers have based their findings on analysis of the DNA of modern spruce - which clearly portrays two Scandinavian types - and by examining the composition of pine and spruce DNA in sediments from lake-core samples.\"One hypothesis is that trees were able to survive on the top of nunataks, the exposed ridges or peaks of mountains protruding from glacial cover, or in more sheltered areas close to the coast where proximity to the temperate conditions of the Atlantic Ocean favoured survival,\" said Laura Parducci, at the University of Uppsala, a member of the team.She wrote in the 'Science' journal: \"These areas must have provided sites for roots to anchor and trees to grow in the challenging climate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12117928", "title": "Bank manager gets one year term in graft case", "text": "NAGPUR: Judge AV Dixit, while deciding a graft case of Central Bureau of Investigation in Yavatmal on Thursday, has held a branch manager of Allahabad Bank guilty of accepting bribe from a farmer who wanted a crop loan.CBI sleuths had caught red-handed the bank's Jhamb Raja branch manager Rajendran Nair while accepting a bribe of Rs2,000 for processing a crop loan of Rs22,000 in March 2010. The court convicted Nair for an offence punishable under section 7 of Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 sentencing him to one year imprisonment and a fine of Rs2,000. Nair also faced conviction for an offence punishable under other relevant sections of the PC Act where he was sentenced to one year imprisonment and fine of Rs2,000. The convictions were to run concurrently.CBI had laid a trap after complainant Mohammed Nasir approached the agency after Nair allegedly harassed him for bribe to release the crop loan. Superintendent of police, CBI, Thomas John had led the successful trap. Nair was placed under arrest by CBI and they had sent the charge sheet of the case in 2010, completing the investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12118071", "title": "Cong-led front registered with divisional commissioner", "text": "NAGPUR: The registration process of political groups with divisional commissionerate after municipal elections has concluded with Congress-led group registering on Friday.Congress registered itself as Nagpur Purogami Vikas Aghadi (NPVA) with its 41 corporators. With this, the BJP-led Nagpur Vikas Aghadi (NVA) is likely to be ruling party and Congress-led NPVA the opposition party in the NMC. NVA was registered initially with 75 corporators including 62 of BJP, 9 independents, two from Muslim League, one of Bahujan Republican Ekta Manch (BREM) and one of Lokbharati. Later, two corporators of BRP-BMS and one independent also registered with NVA taking its tally to 78.Then BSP registered with its 12 corporators followed by Shiv Sena with six, NCP with six, and MNS with two. Thus, all 145 elected corporators have been registered. The registration of Congress was done with its leader as Vikas Thakre who is also working as leader of opposition group in the outgoing body.NVA was registered with mayor candidate and BJP city president Anil Sole as its leader. BSP registered with Murlidhar Meshram as leader. However, NCP, Sena and MNS did not register their leaders.They will have to do so within one month from publication of names of newly-elected corporators in gazette.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12119021", "title": "HC notice to mobile companies on tower radiation", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of the high court issued a showcause notice to as many as 13 mobile companies besides central and state authorities on the issue of health hazards being caused by high frequency radiations emitted by mobile towers posing serious threat to public health and safety.The court order came on a PIL filed by a retired Judge of the Rajasthan High Court, Jusitce I S Israni and others. Counsel for Israni, Prateek Kasliwal told a division bench of Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice N K Jain (senior), \"The mobile towers are having no fixed criterion of emission of radiations and there were nine major directions given by the inter-ministerial committee in recent past but the same are also not being followed. It was directed that all the towers will have a display of the emission strength of the radiations. Permission should be sought before putting a mobile tower near school, in residential colony, and public places but the same were also not followed.\"It was also contended that the radiations of mobile towers act like microwave rays and cook the brain as well as body cells resulting in brain, skin and other cancers, while also causing other congenital problems in infants and young children. The petitioners also brought it to the notice of the court that the central government passed certain rules to put a check on the irregular radiation emissions from these mobile towers but on March 23, 2011 a ban was placed by local bodies on taking any coercive action against the mobile companies.The petitioner also highlighted radiation norms being adopted in various countries and stressed on studies and illeffects of the radiation emissions from mobile towers on animals, plants and human beings. Looking at the gravity and the potent of threat to the human and animal lives the division bench has directed state and Central authorities to file a response to the writ petition within a period of four weeks.Petitioner Justice Israni also brought to the notice of the court that a legal notice was duly served upon the state and the Central authorities but no action was taken by them forcing him to approach the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12116595", "title": "Chargesheet filed in train accident case", "text": "CHENNAI: The Government Railway Police (GRP) on Friday filed a chargesheet in the Arakkonam train accident after interrogating about 170 witnesses. On September 13, 2011, a Chennai Beach-Vellore Cantonment EMU train rammed into the Arakkonam-Katpadi passenger train near Arakkonam, killing 11 and injuring more than 70.Railway police sources said the 600-page chargesheet was filed at the judicial magistrate court in Arakkonam based on scientific evidence and evidence of passengers and railway employees. \"Cases have been booked under IPC sections 304 and 308, section 3 of TN property loss and damage act and section 151 of railway act. Further trial will be held in the Vellore sessions court,\" said an officer.A GRP investigation found that negligence on the part of EMU driver led to the accident as he was speaking on his mobile. It was also proved the EMU was moving at high speed. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "12118533", "title": "Youth festival: Mar Ivanios leads", "text": "KOLLAM: The third day of the Kerala University youth festival saw defending champions Mar Ivanios College surge ahead with 55 points. Mar Baselios College of engineering is at the second position with 35 points.Chief minister Oommen Chandy made a surprise visit to the main venue of Sree Narayana College on the day. Chandy spend a few minutes at the mimicry venue and returned.Starting of the Kathakali event got delayed as the organizers did not open the makeup room on time. This had led to a wordy duel between parents of Kathakali contestants and the organizers.The contestants protested when the event began at the proposed time itself. Following protests from parents and students organizers agreed to wait till all the contestants were ready to appear on stage.The delay in starting Kuchipudi event too raised protest among the audience. The event which was supposed to begin at 6pm began only by 8pm after a judge had failed to turn up on time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117048", "title": "Cong wants to put its House in order", "text": "MUMBAI: Reeling under the party's debacle in the Mumbai civic polls and the embarrassment suffered over the controversy surrounding former city unit chief Kripashankar Singh, the Congress attempted to get its house in order on Friday.With factionalism attributed as the prime reason for the party's poor poll performance, party leaders met to carry out an assessment.AICC general secretary Mohan Prakash, who is in charge of the state, held discussions with MPs, state ministers, legislators from the city to evolve consensus on candidatures for the post of Opposition leader and membership of statutory committees in the BMC.While Bhandup corporator Suresh Koparkar was believed to be the front-runner in the Opposition leader contest, names of Devendra Amberkar, Mohsin Haider, and Jyotsna Dighe (all elected from Andheri), and Dahisar corporator Sheetal Mhatre-Kulkarni were also floated.Ghatkopar corporator Pravin Chheda, who quit the BJP to join Congress, was also backed by some senior leaders. Prakash will submit his report on the deliberations to the high command, after which senior functionaries will give its directives on the appointments, sources said. The Opposition leader's name will be announced after Holi, which falls on March 8.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and state party chief Manikrao Thakre were also present during the interaction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12117943", "title": "Register realty at allotment rates by April 1", "text": "NOIDA: Those who had bought properties in Noida, Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway several years ago, but have not registered them till now, have the opportunity to do so till April 1. They will have to pay less in terms of stamp duty if they register within the deadline, though circle rates have increased several-fold over the years.Generally, if a buyer registers his property within six months of allotment, the stamp duties to be paid are in proportion to the rate of allotment. After this period, the cost of stamp papers is proportionate to the prevailing circle rates, which are normally higher than allotment rates.For those who had been allotted properties years ago, this facility would be a definite relief in light of several-fold increase in circle rates. The Department of Stamps and Registration of Uttar Pradesh has, through a government order dated November 16, 2011, provided relief to all original allottees, who can now register at allotment rates, irrespective of the allotment date of the property.The department has said there will be no extension of this deadline. \"The last date for application for registering at allotment rates is March 31, 2012,\" said AIG (stamps) S N Rai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12118800", "title": "Man rapes 12-yr-old sister-in-law", "text": "INDORE: Indore police on Friday booked a man for raping his 12-year-old sister-in-law on February 29. The girl was also molested by another man around 10 days ago.The police informed that Manohar Bheel raped the girl when she was alone at his house. The minor had come to stay with her sister who was pregnant. The elder sister was in hospital at the time of incident.The accused reportedly threatened to kill the girl, in case she informed anybody about the incident. However, the girl informed her parents about it when they came to meet her. Subsequently, they lodged a complaint against Bheel at Khudail police. Bheel was booked under Section 376 (punishment for rape), and Section 506 (punishment for criminal intimidation) of the IPC.The girl was also molested by Gheesu Balai a few days ago. The police said the girl was going somewhere on February 21 when Balai dragged the girl to a nearby vacant room and molested her.An FIR under Section 354 (assault or criminal force on a woman with the intent to outrage her modesty) and Section 506 of the IPC was lodged in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12121272", "title": "Bail plea of girl accused in sexual conspiracy rejected", "text": "JAIPUR: A court here on Friday rejected the bail application of the 21-year-old paraplegic girl, two days after she was arrested by Jaipur police on charges of being involved in the conspiracy of her friend's kidnap and rape.Both legs of the girl became dysfunctional besides sustaining several other permanent injuries after she attempted suicide by jumping in front of a moving train in January last year. She made the suicide bid after some cops allegedly stripped and molested her at the Pratap Nagar police station here.The policemen had summoned her for questioning in connection with the disappearance of her friend Vandana (name changed).Three policemen were arrested on the basis of a complaint lodged by the paraplegic girl's family members. When Vandana was traced from Mathura in May last year, she lodged an FIR against seven people including the paraplegic girl. Vandana accused her friend of forcing her to have sex with some youths and later kidnapping her.The injured girl's father Shivdan Singh had moved the bail application in the special court for atrocities against women cases on the grounds that his daughter is bed-ridden as both her legs are dysfunctional . He also said she is unable to move around without help of others.''The medical report submitted to the court stated that she has a permanent disability of more than 80%. The court rejected the application,'' said Shivdhan Singh, who is a police constable with the Rajasthan Armed Constabulary (RAC).After her arrest, the police had produced the girl in a court which remanded her in judicial custody. She is undergoing treatment at SMS Hospital.After Vandana lodged an FIR against the girl and six other youths, the Rajasthan High Court instructed Jaipur police to arrest all the accused persons involved in the crime.''In this case, we had already arrested some accused identified as Saurabh, Shantunu , Manmohan Saini, Yugveer, Yudhveer and Bunti Tomar for allegedly abducting and raping the girl who went missing and later found in Mathura by a Jaipur police team in May, 2011. After collecting various evidences and tallying the hotel records from Jaipur and other places, it was found that Seema was behind the conspiracy to abduct and later supply the girl to other persons,'' deputy commissioner of police (East) Mahendra Singh told TOI.''In her statements, Vandana had implicated the injured girl of abducting her and also of conspiracy to sexually exploit her. She has also accused Seema and others, including Manmohan Saini, of making an obscene MMS due to which she kept quiet,'' Singh added.However, paraplegic girl's family members and some non-government organizations are crying foul over the arrest. Her father Singh alleged that the police want to mellow down the case of molestation against the three policemen of Pratap Nagar police station.''My daughter was arrested to benefit the molester cops and this is inhuman as she is still traumatized and physically disabled,'' Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117845", "title": "BMC plugs loopholes to try and fill potholes", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC, which faces flak every year for potholes that appear on newly-resurfaced roads, has decided not to let contractors take it for a ride this year. The civic body has floated tenders worth Rs 56 crore to fill potholes in seven zones, but with a twist. The civic body has now made it compulsory for contractors form a joint venture with four pre-decided technology suppliers.The BMC has finalised four new technologies - Wonder Patch, Patchmaker, Road Bond and Carboncor. Civic officials say the decision is to ensure that contractors don't sabotage the technology. Civic officials say contractors have in the past tried to jeopardise the performance of any new technology introduced on an experimental basis. While the BMC previously relied on hot-mix for pothole repairs, this time all four technologies are cold-mix. The Standing Technical Advisory Committee has always recommended cold-mix for pothole-repairs.Additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta said, \"Last year we tried cold-mix technology and are satisfied with the results.\" Asked the reason for mooting the idea of joint ventures, Gupta said, \"While suppliers of cold mixes have good quality products, they are inexperienced when it comes to filling potholes. Hence, we have asked bidders to tie up with road contractors who have the experience,\" he said.The joint-venture proposal signifies a paradigm shift in the way the city's potholes will be filled. Following a huge uproar last year, the civic body decided to test the four technologies that could be used on the roads during the monsoons. Experts say if contractors enter into joint ventures with suppliers of already tested technologies, it could improve the condition of the city's roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12118069", "title": "Srikant murder: Killer nabbed after 7 months", "text": "NEW DELHI: After seven months on the run, the main accused in last August's Srikant Singh murder case was arrested at the New Delhi railway station on Thursday. Police said Sanjay Bhattacharya was waiting to board the Puri-bound Purushottam Express when a crime branch team caught him.Bhattacharya, a proclaimed offender, carried a reward of Rs 50,000 on his head. After giving Delhi Police the slip last year, he went to Jhumri Tilaiya in Jharkhand and worked there as a petrol pump manager. \"In those few months he did not operate any of his bank accounts or carry out ATM transactions, to put the cops off his trail. He had planned to return to Delhi once the case cooled down,'' said additional DCP (crime) Ravi Shanker. Recently, Bhattacharya visited Ranchi to borrow money from a friend, but was disappointed and then came to Delhi to find a job.The police had renewed their hunt for Bhattacharya in December after being tipped off by cops in Jharkhand. \"We got an input about his presence in Koderma and our team first visited the place in December, and then again in February. Our informers told us that he was living in a remote area but before we reached there he had left for Ranchi,\" said Sandeep Goel, joint commissioner of police (crime). Although traps were laid at various places in Delhi this time, the police found Bhattacharya only when he was about to head out again.Police had initially claimed Bhattacharya plotted Singh's murder to take possession of his new Hyundai i10 car. The two had worked together for a few days with an insurance firm and become friends. Singh, son of a senior officer of the National Commission for Scheduled Castes, was murdered at Bhattacharya's Greater Noida house and beheaded. The severed head, body and belongings of the victim were found from different parts of Haryana's Rewari district.Crime Branch officials on Friday said Bhattacharya was upset with Srikant for his failure to repay a loan. To carry out the murder, he took help from one Manish and another person whose name cannot be disclosed as he is a minor.\"All of them drank liquor. Then, Bhattacharya strangled Srikant with gear wire while Manish and the minor pinned his hands and legs,\" said Goel. The car was sold to Bhattacharya's friend Rajdeep Singh Chauhan in Shahjahanpur.Dhaula Kuan police, who investigated the case, had come under fire for letting Bhattacharya escape even though his accomplices were arrested. \"He was not even called to the police station for several hours although he had been identified as the main accused,'' said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12118239", "title": "Service revolver found in drain", "text": "KOLKATA: Four days after the CPM-Trinamool clash at Rajarhat in which MLA Sabyasachi Datta's security guard Shankar was injured, the Bidhannagar police on Friday recovered Shankar's missing service revolver from a drain.Police had been conducting raids and searching for the missing revolver since that day. On Friday, it was finally found - wrapped in a black plastic - at Bablatala.CPM's North 24-Parganas district secretary Gautam Deb said the entire incident is framed and the police have been working unprofessionally. \"There was a police camp there since the incident and so many senior policemen have been there, but how did the firearm remain untraced till today? No videography has been done, andhe revolver has been recovered without the help of any forensic team.Most importantly, there is still no trace of the magazine of the revolver,\" Deb said.The whole thing had been done to malign Rajarhat Gopalpur Municipality chairman Tapas Chatterjee, he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12122484", "title": "Sanjay Shelar captures life, innocence on canvas", "text": "Artist Sanjay Shelar's oils on canvas are on display at the Nehru Centre Art Gallery till March 12.Artist Sanjay Shelar's works are extraordinarily life-like and the canvas seems to come alive even as you look at the paintings. Sanjay has expressed not just the detailed surroundings in his artworks but has captured the innocence and curiosity of young children with his oils, bearing testimony to the intrinsic artistic talent and creativity of the artist.One of his works is a young girl feeding pigeons and the sheer beauty of the painting is evident in the fact that the pigeons seem to fly out of the canvas. The sunlight that is falling on the girl, the birds on the steps feels warm and real. There is an inherent simplicity in the painting yet a magnificent visual effect that makes the work eloquent and mesmerizing.Another painting depicts a child turning her head to look at a majestic white cock, while yet another is a that of a young girl sitting on stones by a calm river.The paintings are marked by superb harmony of colour and tones. The lyricism and picturesque clarity is enthralling. Sanjay's work on various themes and subjective peculiarities has been appreciated by art lovers and connoisseurs in his earlier exhibitions in reputed art galleries.Sanjay Shelar's work is on display in the Nehru Centre Art Gallery Worli, Mumbai-400 018 till March 12, 2012 between 11am to 7pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12122144", "title": "Honeymoon will have to wait: Urvashi Sharma", "text": "The newly-wed actress Urvashi Sharma is going through a different and exciting phase of her life these days.Ask her what's one very special thing about her husband Sachiin Joshi that floored her and she says, \"Everything about him is good. He's a loving, caring, honest man and most importantly he loves me a lot.That's the reason why I married him.\" So any special gift the loving husband has given to her? \"Well, wedding is the best gift I got from him. Moreover, he got me jewellery, cloths, everything which I haven't asked for.\" On asking about her honeymoon plans Urvashi reveals, \"Well, honeymoon will have to wait as Sachiin is going to LA for some business meet. We'll think about it after a week and I have left on him to decide where to go as he understands a lot.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12119137", "title": "Fertilizer shortage, debt driving farmers to suicide", "text": "BHOPAL: Mounting debts, non availability of fertilizers and delay in timely payments are among the reasons that led to suicide among farmers in Madhya Pradesh. The conclusion was reached at by the 13-member parliamentary committee that visited the state.The committee headed by parliamentarian Basudeb Acharya has been camping in the state capital for the past three days meeting experts and researchers and farmers. They focused on three issues, including availability of agriculture inputs, agriculture credit and insurance and development of fisheries. The committee is on a fact finding mission in the country and would submit its report to the government. They left for Nagpur.Talking to ToI, Acharya said, \"If subsidy in agriculture sector is not increased in proportion with inflation then farmers are left with no option but to end their lives.\"The state government's decision of deducting agriculture loan installments of farmers while making payment of wheat procured at the government collection centres, is also adding to the burden. \"The decision must not be implemented. I would mention it in the report of the standing committee to be tabled in the parliament,\" he said.He pointed out that the poor rail network and non availability of rail rakes in Madhya Pradesh adds to the problem in transporting farm yield. Out of the total 67 racks sanctioned for the state only 37 are operational and among them also 19 rack points do not have proper infrastructure, he added.Acharya underlined various issues which require immediate attention of centre as well as the state government to minimize the hardships of farmers. He said there was a 40% shortage of fertilizers in last Kharif season due to which famers had to pay higher price.Regarding seeds the chairman of the standing committee said the state government must mention its actual requirement in advance so that sufficient quantity could be made available to farmers.Similarly, the committee also found that settlement of claims by the farmers is delayed and, of late, payments made to farmers are not in proportion to the loss incurred by them.The parliamentary committee highlighted that since 82% farmers belong to the small and marginal farmers' category in the country there is an urgent need for introducing policies that would reduce the cost of production. The members also went through the recommendations made by the Madhya Pradesh Human Rights Commission ( MPHRC) to state government on suicide of farmers recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12116901", "title": "Missing Mumbai girl found in Margao with boyfriend", "text": "PANAJI: Two constables of the railway protection force apprehended a 16-year-old girl and her 19-year-old boyfriend at the Margao railway station on Friday morning.The youngsters were found to be moving around the station suspiciously.On being questioned, constables Neha Joshi and Arun Kumar were told by the girl that she had run away from her home in Mumbai along with her boyfriend and that the two were planning to go to Ahmedabad from Goa, sources told TOI.Contacting the girl's family, the railway police learnt that the minor has been missing since the last two days and that the family had filed a complaint of kidnapping with the Dharavi police in Mumbai on March 1.Sources said the family requested the railway police to detain the girl as they would be coming to Goa to take her home soon.The railway police in turn got in touch with a Margao-based non-government organization (NGO) and the girl is presently in the NGO's care, sources said.The boy, on the other hand, is in the custody of the railway police force and may be handed over to the Konkan railway police, said sources.Contacting the girl's family, the railway police learned that the 16-year-old has been missing since the last two days and that the family had filed a complaint of kidnapping with the Dharavi police in Mumbai on March 1", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12120515", "title": "Satichoura declared zero tolerance traffic zone", "text": "CUTTACK: The commissionerate police on Thursday declared Satichoura Square as the first zero tolerance traffic zone in the city. The move is aimed at enforcing better traffic discipline in Cuttack.From now on, traffic violations such as driving without helmets, triple riding, reckless driving, signal violation, movement of vehicles on wrong side, drunken driving, overspeeding, talking on mobile phone while driving, jumping red lights and other traffic offences will be dealt with strictly in the zero tolerance zones.\"In the first phase, Satichoura square has been declared the first zero tolerance zone in the city. Later on, the project will be implemented in other busy junctions like Khannagar and Madhupatna,\" said S Praveen Kumar , DCP, Cuttack. Traffic officials informed that awareness drives will be carried out in the area at least for a week to encourage people to follow traffic rules properly. After that, police will impose fines on traffic rules violators.\"Collecting fines from traffic rule violators is not our goal. In stead, we want to ensure road safety in the city and inculcate traffic sense in people,\" said Traffic ACP K C Samal. The concept of zero tolerance zone was implemented in Bhubaneswar last year, which yielded good results.Traffic officials claim there has been a steep fall in incidents of traffic violations in AG square, Bhubaneswar, which was declared zero tolerance zone in May last year. Citizens of Cuttack also welcomed the move.\"Traffic system in Cuttack is in absolute mess. It's good that some measures are being taken to improve it,\" said Smarapriya Mishra, a banker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12116877", "title": "NGOs against using monitor lizard skin in ghumats", "text": "PANAJI: Worried about the depletion of their numbers, some wildlife activists have sprung to the rescue of monitor lizards, as they are being heavily poached in the wild for their blood and skins.The belief that the reptile's blood is effective for curing asthma and respiratory problems is taking a heavy toll on monitor lizards. \"The skin is dried and used to make ghumat, a local percussion instrument mainly used during the festival of Ganesh Chaturthi,\" says Saish Khandeparkar, president, Union of Wildlife Activists, Goa.They are commonly found all over the world and not really endangered, activists say. But the misconception about its medicinal value and demand for their skin poses a threat to their survival. \"The depletion is a matter of concern,\" says Amrut Singh of Bicholim-based Animal Rescue Squad.The incidence of poaching is quite high. \"Even juveniles are not spared and in some areas, they are caught alive and sold to people on a selective basis for their blood,\" Singh added. They are more vulnerable to poaching during the winter season. \"They come out during the day and bask in the open,\" adds Khandeparkar.The recovery of a cache of skins in raids is an indication of the poaching. A total of 30 skins were recovered in a single raid at Upper Bazaar, Ponda just before Chaturthi last year. In another instance, some years ago, more than 50 skins were found in a hut in Xelpem, Mapusa. \"A monitor lizard is massacred to make a single ghumat,\" says Khandeparkar.The wildlife activists recently discussed the strategy with forest department officials to take their campaign ahead. \"We have requested the department to write to the art and culture department, which organizes arti competitions, urging it to appeal to participants to use goat-skin ghumats in the event,\" an activist said.\"The troupes using goat skin or any other ghumats can be rewarded with a prize. The problem is people don't want to break way from tradition, but we will create awareness about the issue,\" Ajay Dongre, a co-ordinator of Ponda-based higher secondary nature club said.The NGOs plan to reach out to schools and colleges through talks and street plays. Posters and banners will also be hung around in villages soon. \"In due course, the department can ban the use of monitor lizard ghumats in the competition,\" Dongre said.Wildlife activists are aware that this cannot be done overnight. \"We also plan to raise funds to provide goat skins to artisans at cheaper rates,\" Khandeparkar said.The forest department has agreed to support the campaign. Deputy conservator of forest (North Goa) G T Kumar and assistant conservator of forests Pradip Verekar who attended the meeting assured regular patrolling in the sensitive areas.\"Some blame us (NGOs) for being against Goan culture. But it's the government, that encourages killing monitor lizards by not doing anything to curb the menace. We are only saying use ghumats made of goat skins,\" an activist said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12118992", "title": "Take note of traffic diversion for today", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore city traffic police have diverted traffic around Maharaja's College grounds to facilitate a government programme 'Savalathu Santhe' on Saturday. Vehicles users have been directed to use alternative roads.The traffic on Krishnaraja Boulevard between Ekalavya Circle and Hunsur Road junction will be closed for all types of vehicles except government vehicles on that day.The other places where traffic curbs are enforced include a portion of Bogadi Road (from Govt Press to railway level crossing), from Fire Office Road to Ramaswamy Circle, on Radhakrishna Road (from Muda office towards west direction), and a road leading to DC's office near Maharaja Junior College.Parking space for visitors has been provided at the following places: Maharaja's College centenary hall premises, Arasu Boarding School grounds, Maharaja's/ Yuvaraja College campus, along the roadside of Krishnraja Boulevard, and near Maharaja's College. Traffic at all entry points to Mysore will also be diverted to facilitate smooth traffic flow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12121295", "title": "AK Jain denied bail, fails to attend father\u2019s funeral", "text": "JAIPUR: Suspended additional director general of police (ADGP) AK Jain, who surrendered himself in Dara Singh encounter case, will not be able to attend the last rituals of his father Suresh Chand Jain who died at his native place in Uttar Pradesh on Friday. A court here rejected Jain's application seeking interim bail for 14 days.A day after 1978-batch officer was hospitalized on a complaint of chest pain, he got the bad news of his father's demise at Saharanpur in UP. After his surrender on Monday, the court had sent him to 14-day CBI custody . \"We immediately moved an application in the special CBI court seeking an interim bail on the grounds that being a son he has the obligation to attend the last rituals. After hearing arguments from the CBI as well as defense, the court of Judge Mahendra Singhal rejected the application,\" said Jain's lawyer Amar Singh .Special public prosecutor CBI Sarfaraz Haider Khan said that the CBI protested the interim bail application on the grounds that the officer who carried a cash reward of Rs 10 lakh was yet to be interrogated . Besides, the officer ignored arrest warrants and evaded arrest for over nine months. He said Jain has been booked under Section 120 B (criminal conspiracy ) of the IPC. The court while denying the interim bail said since the health of the accused is not in good condition, he cannot be allowed to leave the hospital, Khan said.The SMS Hospital authorities have constituted a medical board to examine the health conditions of the officer. \"All the medical tests including CT Scan and angiography have been conducted. Reports of some of the tests have arrived. There are a few complications as he had gone through brain surgery. He is under constant observation,\" said a doctor.Sources in the CBI said that Jain is likely to remain in the hospital at least till Saturday.Jain, who is accused of supervising a fake encounter of Dara Singh on the Jaipur outskirts on October 23, 2006 as head of the state's special operations group (SOG) had been called to CBI office on May 15 last year along with inspector general (IG) A Ponnuchami, another accused in the case.While Ponnuchami turned up and was arrested, Jain went into hiding. The CBI had filed a chargesheet against 15 policemen in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "salua", "code": "12118112", "title": "CIF jawans flout service rules, says EFR veteran", "text": "SALUA: The EFR-CIF clash on Thursday was not a one-off incident, but an outcome of the frustration simmering for long. Septuagenarian Babulal Tamang, an EFR war veteran who fought in 1962 and 1965 wars and also heads the local Buddhist society, was left groping for reasons behind CIF jawans' \"misdemeanour\" that allegedly led to the conflict.\"They shouldn't have lathicharged on EFR men and their families at their quarters. This is unacceptable,\" he began slowly.Tamang was the one who had saved a CIF jawan and handed over to police during the clash. He insisted that EFR men never had any intention to cause any harm to CIF personnel.\"If the idea was to shoot, then why was that lone CIF boy (Kaushik Das) spared? Among those who first entered the barracks, one told me that a CIF jawan had hid himself in the latrine. I immediately went there, whisked out the scared guy even before others could realize. We told others that he shouldn't be harmed. Can anyone say anyone raised even a finger at him till he was handed over to police? The media is rallying against us without bothering to know the facts,\" Tamang clarified.He continued, \"What was the provocation of heading to the EFR first battalions' new and old buildings? They stormed inside and beat up women and children. They even assaulted Ganesh (Rana)'s physically challenged son Raju! Will you keep quite when your wife is being assaulted?\" He also stressed that it is completely untrue that EFR jawans had shot thrice. \"I was there and it didn't happen,\" he said.He also raised questions over CIF jawans' reluctance to adhere to basic service norms. \"These guys have no respect for rules. What were they doing in the mela at 10:30pm? In barracks, the rule is to hit bed by 8pm,\" Tamang snapped.EFR Battalions Mahila Welfare Samiti office bearers Kalpana Tamang, Uma Devi Mashari and Radha Chetri chipped in by describing the plight of the girls in Salua. \"These jawans have a natural tendency to tease and throw filthy words at local girls. It isn't simply the February 28 incident where the girl was being followed by a jawan. That girl was brave to stand up and protest against her tormentor,\" Krishna said.Radha added, \"Whatever happened on Thursday was an outcome of a frustration simmering for long against this jawans. We had no problems with others before this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12118049", "title": "Police: In-laws did not allow fake kidnap woman to work", "text": "MUMBAI: The 24-year-old Goregaon woman, who faked her own kidnapping with the help of a friend, told investigators that she was not happy with her marriage as she wasn't allowed to take up a job.The woman, who is four months pregnant, had lodged a complaint on Wednesday that four unknown men abducted her, molested her in a running SUV and abandoned her in Malwani. They also robbed her of gold ornaments, it was alleged. A probe revealed that the complaint was false and the woman had been out with a friend, Mangesh Breed, the entire day. Breed (33), a software engineer, was arrested for aiding the offence.\"The woman's husband works abroad in the merchant navy and the couple rarely spent any time together in their four months of marriage. The woman thought that if she lodges a complaint of attempted rape, her in-laws might send her back to her maternal home or throw her out of the house. This way, she would get the freedom that she wanted,\" a senior police official said. Before her marriage, the woman used to work in a BPO.On Wednesday, the woman left home on the pretext of photocopying some documents. She then met Breed and the duo went out on his motorcycle. They hung out at a hotel in Borivli; cops have also found witnesses. In the evening, Breed dropped the woman at Malwani. There, she intercepted a police vehicle and lied that she had been abandoned by some kidnappers. The Malwani cops took her to the Vanrai police station where she lodged a complaint.\"Most of the facts were revealed to us only during Breed's interrogation, after he was arrested and the woman's ornaments were found with him. He said she had given him the ornaments for safekeeping and lied that the kidnappers had robbed her. He also said the duo was not in a relationship,\" an official said. \"We will submit an application for his discharge. We may then take legal opinion as to whether the duo should be booked for lodging a false complaint.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12119127", "title": "112 gram panchayats bag Nirmal Gram Puraskar", "text": "DHARWAD: Karnataka has reasons to cheer as 112 gram panchayats in the state have bagged Nirmal Gram Puraskar (NGP).Rural development and panchayat raj minister Jagadish Shettar said out of 112 gram panchayats s bagging the honour, 12 belonged to Dharwad district.Speaking after launching the Karnataka Guarantee of Service to Citizen's Act 2011 (KGSC) in Uppinbetageri in Dharwad on Thursday, the minister said Belur, Mandihaal, Mummigatti, Shivalli, Chabbi, Katnur, Varur, Jinnur, Tambur, Hireharakuni, Yaliwaal and Hebbal village panchayats have been honoured with the Nirmal Gram Puraskar.Referring to the new Karnataka Guarantee of Service to Citizen's Act 2011 (KGSC) to be introduced by the state government from April 2, the minister said it the new Act would play a crucial role in delivering public service within time frame.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12118617", "title": "SP, JD(U) flay BSP govt for rising crime", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Expressing concern over the rising incidents of loots in the city, Samajwadi Party( SP) national general secretary and Allahabad MP, Reoti Raman Singh flayed the BSP led government in UP for giving shelter to criminals. In a statement issued on Friday after meeting the owner of a jewellery showroom in Civil Lines which became the target of loot two days back, he said that things would be set right once the Samajwadi Party(SP) forms the next government in the state.Accusing the state government of falsely implicating it's political rivals in police cases, he said that criminals roamed freely under the BSP government. Everyone including ministers and officials were knee dep in corruption under the present state government. On the other hand Janata Dal(United) leader Syed Arshad Ali has held the local police responsible for rising incidents of crime in the city because police pickets posted at different locations in the city are only busy in collecting money from roadside shopkeepers.Under such circumstances one can very well imagine the fate of law and order in the city.He added that traders in Civil Lines locality have become a soft target of robbers and criminals which is reflected in the fact that major incidents of loot are taking place on a regular basis. He urged the district authorities and police department to take remedial measures to improve the law and order situation in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12117876", "title": "Plea to implicate CM in encroachment case", "text": "NAGPUR: In an interesting twist to Bezonbagh encroachment petition pending in the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court, the petitioner on Friday made an application praying for including chief minister Prithviraj Chavan as one of the respondents. A division bench of justices Sharad Bobde and Prasanna Varale issued notice to the Maharashtra government asking why it shouldn't be done. Government has to reply in two weeks.Firdos Mirza, appearing for petitioner Bezonbag Pragatisheel Kamgar Griha Nirman Sanstha Maryadit, informed the court that divisional commissioner had filed an affidavit containing minutes of meeting held under CM in Mumbai on May 12 last year. Mirza alleged that CM is taking personal interest in protecting encroachment in Bezonbagh. He is using his official position and instructing officers contrary to law, he argued while justifying his demand to include CM as a respondent.The petitioners had already named state animal husbandry minister Nitin Raut and former MLC Ramesh Nikose in the list of encroachers on the land meant for public utility, citing divisional commissioner's report. Mirza had earlier cited a state urban development department's 2002 GR that any encroachment on public utility land can't be regularized.The Empress Mills land was originally allotted to the petitioner society. As per the sanctioned plan, the layout comprised four big plots.HC retires 2 addl district judgesNAGPUR: Five months after a judge at the city's family court was asked to retire by the Bombay High Court administration for alleged 'unsatisfactory' work, two more judges were asked to leave on Friday, court sources claim. These judges hail from Pusad and Darhwa in Yavatmal district and were asked to compulsory retire with immediate effect at 11am on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12116459", "title": "Surgeons open chest to set right 19-year-old\u2019s spine", "text": "CHENNAI: Surgeons at a city hospital have set right the curved spine of a 19-year-old man by operating through the chest.For several years, Mohamed Meshari of Sri Lanka , walked around with a bent back. Doctors found he had scoliosis - an abnormal curvature of the spine, which causes pain and health problems, including respiratory problems, and limits activity. His sister, too, had the condition.More than anything else, for patients like Meshari, it's the self-esteem that gets hurt. Meshari decided to visit Chennai for a surgical correction after he saw a vast improvement in his sister's condition after a surgery she underwent in the UK. At Global Hospitals, chief of brain and spine surgeon Dr K Sridhar performed a complex surgery in two stages to correct the deformity.Instead of cutting open the back, which was difficult in this case, doctors opened the chest and corrected the spine. Four days later, they opened the back and put screws in the spine to keep it stiff. Each of these surgeries took approximately 12 hours. \"We had to be very careful as any wrong move or extra force in straightening the spine would have left the boy paralysed waist down for the rest of his life,\" said Dr Sridhar.But the challenge wasn't over yet. The doctors had to do a test to see if they had damaged any nerve or spinal cord during the surgery. A team of neuro-anesthetists led by Dr Ponniah performed a 'wake-up test' and found everything to be fine. The surgery corrected more than 60% of Meshari's curve, doctors said.Meshari has been declared fit for discharge and he would soon be flying back home without stooping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12117944", "title": "'Litigants can come to us till the last day'", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur District Legal Services Authority (DLSA), that would be conducting its third episode of Maha Lok Adalat on Sunday, informed that the litigants can approach them till last date to settle their cases. \"They can register at the counter at ground floor of Nagpur district and sessions court till Saturday. Even on Sunday, they can approach us,\" principal district and sessions judge Subhash Mohod said. He was accompanied by third district and additional session judge PV Ganediwala and Nagpur DLSA secretary Kishor Jaiswal, who is coordinating the mega event.He added that they constituted 75 panels of sitting judges to settle over 1.29 lakh cases. \"Each panel would have a judicial officer, a lawyer and paralegal volunteer or social worker. Even District Bar Association (DBA) is backing us. We conducted meetings with all concerned parties, including lawyers, finance and insurance companies, commissioner and SP, collector and others,\" he said.Jaiswal said 2.30 lakh cases - 1.90 lakh in Nagpur and 39,317 in taluka courts - were pending and Maha Lok Adalat would reduce this number. He added that free parking facility will be provided at St Ursula School and on the premises of Suyog building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12117935", "title": "Boy goes missing from fortified school", "text": "NOIDA: The disappearance of a 15-year-old boy from the state government's showpiece residential school here on Tuesday has left his family worried and the district police puzzled. Prabhakar, a Class IX student of the heavily guarded Panchsheel Balak Inter College in Sector 91, was not found in the school hostel on February 28 when his father arrived to pick him up.The school - CM Mayawati's pet project - built to provide \"affordable and quality English education\" using modern paraphernalia such as air conditioned classrooms with projectors and electronic screens is kept under constant watch with 34 CCTV cameras and an army of private security officials.\"Our son's disappearance from such a well-protected school is shocking. How can the government claim it is one of the best in the country?\" said Chaman Singh, Prabhakar's distraught father, who owns a pharmacy in Ghaziabad. \"When our child got admitted to the school we were very happy because we thought he would get the best education. Now we just want him back,\" he added. School principal Satveer Singh was unavailable for comment.\"The boy's family lives in the Vijaynagar area of Ghaziabad. He was suspended from school after he hid in a cupboard, and his parents were informed. The school asked the father to pick him up but by the time he arrived, the boy had mysteriously disappeared,\" said a police official. Randhir Singh, SO, Noida phase 2 station said, \" All evidence suggests that the boy disappeared on his own will\".Prabhakar's disappearance, close on the heels of a police official's son going missing on February 25, has turned the spotlight on the region's poor child safety record. Child rights activists say inadequate infrastructure and insufficient training of police officials make the task of finding these children difficult. Data with the Zonal Integrated Police Network (Zipnet) shows 243 children reported missing last year have not be traced. \"The chances of tracing a child are reduced due to inadequate coordination between different district and state police forces,\" said Mala Bhandari, a child rights activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12118636", "title": "Minor fire in Patna Express", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A minor incident of fire was reported from the sleeper coach of Sikandrabad Patna express on Friday afternoon near Ramnathpur railway station under North Eastern Railway(NER) as a result of short circuit in a fan leaving chaos among passengers.However, the situation was brought under control with the arrival of guard and technicians who disconnected the power supply of the fan which had accidentally caught fire due to short circuit. As per reports the train left the Allahabad junction on Friday afternoon on its onward journey. As it reached Ramnathpur station, some passengers of a sleeper coach reported that smoke was coming out from an overhead fan inside the compartment.The fellow passengers immediately informed the guard who arrived at the spot alongwith some technicians who disconnected the power supply of the fan. after which normalcy was restored and train began it's onward journey, informed PRO, NCR, Amit Malviya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12117853", "title": "Mamata Banerjee orders consultations on RPF Act amendment", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the Congress trying to corner West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee by pointing to the federal implication of the plan to amend RPF Act, the Trinamool Congress chief wasted no time in asking railway minister Dinesh Trivedi to revise his views. She said since many chief ministers saw it as a move against the federal system, it should not be pursued without consulting them.The amendment was meant to make the Railway Protection Force (RPF) more effective, since the central force deployed on moving trains and railways premises has to take up cases in various states.The RPF has to take the help of local police in each state when offences take place. To ensure that the force is more effective, the railway ministry had proposed that it be given powers to register cases against offenders and move against them. But this proposal ran into trouble with some states.This comes soon after the home ministry's proposal of setting up a National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC) met with the same opposition and had to be put on hold earlier this week.With Banerjee being one of the first chief ministers to object to the NCTC proposal on the ground that it interfered with the federal powers of states, the Centre had to step back. Banerjee was, in fact, the first CM to take up the issue with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, and was followed Narendra Modi, J Jayalalitha, Naveen Patnaik and Nitish Kumar among others.Interestingly, even in the case of RPF amendment, Modi, Jayalalitha and Patnaik objected on the ground of losing the state's authority to the Centre. With allies Congress and TMC not on the best of terms for some months now, the former tried to use the RPF amendment proposal to break the solidarity of CMs, especially with Banerjee emerging as an important player. But the TMC chief chose to stick with the interest of the CMs from across the political spectrum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12120759", "title": "Kripashankar pleads innocence; apologises for son's obscene gesture", "text": "MUMBAI: Beleaguered Mumbai Congress leader Kripashankar Singh, facing charges of amassing illegal wealth, today said he had done nothing wrong and will fight \"as per law.\"Accusing the media of unfairly targeting him and his family, the former Mumbai Congress president also said he was not absconding as being reported.\"I am not guilty. I am not absconding. I have done nothing wrong,\" Singh said.\"I will fight as per law,\" he asserted.On his son Narendra Mohan making an obscene gesture at the media yesterday, he said, \"What my son did was wrong and I apologise on his behalf.\"\"However, the media targeting me and my family is also wrong,\" the former Maharashtra minister said.\"I do not own those many properties as are being shown,\" the MLA from Santa Cruz area of Mumbai said.The Economic Offences Wing of Mumbai Police yesterday attached 12 properties of Singh and his family in the metropolis, three days after lodging an FIR against them for possessing assets disproportionate to their known sources of income.\"The allegations have wrecked my political career,\" the Congress leader said, adding a PIL (which led to the filing of FIR) alone cannot be used to level charges against him.The Supreme Court had yesterday refused to grant him any immediate relief from action in the corruption case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117591", "title": "Two killed on way to exam centre", "text": "MUMBAI: Two collegians were killed after a speeding truck rammed into their bike on the Western Express Highway at Borivli (E) on Friday. The truck driver, Maloji Surnar (24), was arrested from the spot.The deceased, Tapan Mehta (23) and Humanand Saini (20), were on their way to sit for their first-year degree exams. They were commerce students at Nirmala college in Kandivli (E). Saini was riding the bike. The two youngsters resided at Ovaripada, Dahisar (E).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "sagar", "code": "12118767", "title": "Chief minister inaugurates \u2018e-panchayat\u2019 scheme", "text": "SAGAR: Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Friday inaugurated \"e-panchayat\"-a governance initiative to link all panchayat offices in the state through a computer network.Inaugurating the function at Garhakota, he held online dialogue with sarpanch of ten village panchayats. He said the target is to bring all village panchayat across the state under 'e-panchayat' programme by 2015. State pamchayat and rural development minister Gopal Bhargav was also present.An official spokesman said through e-panchayat system, it will be easier for a village panchayat to make contact with all offices through computer. Necessary information and facilities will be made available to villagers at minimal rates through e-panchayat system. It will also be helpful in development, inspection and social audit of development works to be made by gram panchayats.Panchayats will receive funds allocated by the government within 5 days through electronic system, ensuring transparency in the utilisation of government funds.For this purpose, all 23,012 village panchayats are being computerized. Initially, those 2,636 village panchayats of the state will be computerised where BSNL's broadband connection is available. Rest of the villages panchayats, where both WIMAX and broadband connections of BSNL are not available, will be computerised using V-SAT technology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12116333", "title": "Stamp duty for registration may dip", "text": "CHENNAI: The government is likely to cut the stamp duty by 1% along with the impending hike in guideline values for property registrations in the state.A highly placed source in the government said the stamp duty was likely to be reduced from the present 6% to 5%. The announcement is likely any time after the Sankarankoil byelection.The 2% surcharge (collected for development of local bodies like corporations, municipalities and village panchayats) and 1% registration fee, however, will continue without any change, the source said.In effect, the overall registration charge for properties will come down from 9% to 8%. In other terms, the registration charge for a property worth 50 lakh will come down by 50,000. However, one will be able to gauge the actual benefit only after the revised guideline values are notified.It is estimated that more than 1,000 documents, which are valued at more than 1 crore each, are registered in Chennai every year.The Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India and the Builders' Association of India have been making repeated pleas to the state government to slash registration charges.Suresh Krishn, a Chennai-based builder said, \"If the stamp duty cut is announced before the increase in guideline values, there will be a sudden spurt in registration of documents. If both happen simultaneously, the cost of registration will go up in actual terms. Overall, it is a welcome move.\"Cost of registration of a property valued at Rs 50 lakh. Existing charges - Rs 4 lakh stamp duty and Rs 50,000 registration fees. Proposed revised charges - Rs 3.5 lakh stamp duty and Rs 50,000 registration fees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12118097", "title": "Autos stay off roads for third day in Mira Road", "text": "MUMBAI: Autos remained off the road for the third consecutive day at Mira Road and Bhayander on Friday. While no auto union has officially given the strike call, traffic police and RTO officials said that drivers have gone underground fearing action for plying without meters.Running on meters which is mandatory by law is being strictly implemented in the region. After the Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation on Wednesday put up hoardings of auto fares, specifying the actual rates for plying by meter and for sharing rickshaws, autos started disappearing from the streets.On Friday, roads outside the Mira Road and Bhayander railway stations were deserted with no autos around. badly as traffic cops are targeting erring drivers on this section.Passengers from villages like Utan, Pali, and Chowk in Bhayander (W) spent hours waiting for buses.Authorities are going slow on cracking down on autos keeping the SSC exams in mind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12118259", "title": "Clerk swindles exam fee money, parents demonstrate", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Twelve students of Saraswati Vidya Mandir in Nikol, who are appearing as open students in the SSC and HSC board exams beginning Monday, were left high and dry when they did not get their exam receipt on Friday. Investigations revealed that the school's clerk had swindled their exam fee!Angry parents created a major ruckus outside Saraswati Vidya Mandir on Friday when they came to know that the clerk Bharat Patel had embezzled the exam fee paid by their wards because of which the board had not issued exam receipts to the students. \"This kind of cheating where school administration personnel play with the career of students is disgusting. How can a clerk embezzle the money paid by us towards the exam fee for personal use. Our children are so upset. This kind of behaviour is unacceptable,\" an angry parent told TOI.Seeing anger rising amongst parents, school authorities called the police which dispersed the crowds and restored normalcy. Trustee of the school Babulal Patel said that they have initiated action against the clerk.\"He has committed a grave mistake and we are taking action against him. He will be suspended,\" said Babulal Patel.The school rushed two officials to the Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) officials in Gandhinagar and Vadodara, requesting them to consider giving exam receipts to the students at the last minute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12116553", "title": "Registration revenue to go up", "text": "CHENNAI: Despite the proposed reduction in stamp duty by one per cent, the revenue of the state registration department could touch 10,000 crore in the coming financial year owing to the hike in guideline values, expected to be notified anytime after the Sankarankoil by-election.Guideline values are the minimum rates at which properties are valued for registration in any part of the state. However, there is no restriction on registering properties at values higher than guideline values.Registration revenue has shown signs of considerable growth this year. Compared to 5,020 crore in 2010-2011, this year till February 29, the government earned 5,740 crore from registration of properties, marriages and various other documents like power of attorney and will.Still, the department has a mammoth task of generating 752 crore in March alone to touch the targeted revenue of 6,492 crore for the fiscal.With a view to augmenting the revenue, sub-registrars and district registrars have been advised to clear all documents kept pending owing to disputes over valuation, said a senior official.As against 32.8 lakh documents last year, the department has registered around 31 lakh documents so far in 2011-2012. Around 11,400 have been kept pending owing to disputes over valuation. \"By clearing them through negotiated settlements, the revenue could be raised,\" said an official.About 45% of the revenue of the department is generated form Chennai region alone. Similarly, more than 40% of property documents are registered in Chennai region.The registration department is the third largest revenue earner for the state after commercial taxes and Tamil Nadu State Marketing Corporation, the monopoly liquor retailer.Registration revenue has seen a chequered growth since 2006-2007. From 3,407 crore in 06-07, it went up to 4,232 crore in 07-08, slid to 4,099 crore in 08-09 and fell further to 3,818 crore in 2009-2010, before rebounding last year. But for the last revision of guideline values in 2007, the revenue would have slid further between 2008 and 2010.The real estate slump which started in 2008 cast a shadow on property transactions in the following two years. Though apartment sales have picked up since then, people are still reluctant to look at land as an investment option.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12118735", "title": "Cops pick up 5 Class X boys for not knowing their village pin code", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh police once again failed to live up to their motto We Care For You when cops rounded up five Class X students from a Sector 25 slum colony and kept them in Sector 24 police post for more than one and half hours on Friday.The boys were only released when senior education officials and a theatre artist Zulfikar Khan intervened. When students were rounded up they were preparing for their board exam, which was scheduled for Friday.The incident has put a question mark on the functioning of Chandigarh police, whose men claimed that the boys were rounded up during a special search operation and they failed to produce identity cards.SHO of PS-11 Gurmukh Singh, said, Apart from the students, 10 others were also rounded up when all of them failed to produce their identification proof in Sector 25. He said it was a routine practice and minors were released when Zulfikar took their responsibility. However, Inspector Singh claimed that the boys were above 18 years.One of boys said, They were asking weird questions and we were being treated like criminals. They asked us about our villages pin code and when we failed to do so, they scolded us. We were very scared.\"Talking to mediapersons, Khan said, \"The cops misbehaved with me as well. I went out I called the DPI (S) Sandeep Hans and informed him about the incident. When children came out they were scared and crying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12121750", "title": "Flying car to make its public debut at New York auto show", "text": "NEW YORK: The flying car, developed by Massachusettes-based company Terrafugia, will make its first public appearance at the New York International Auto show here in April.The car, technically called the 'Transition Roadable Aircraft', has foldable wings, which tuck in when it is on the road. It converts into a flying machine within 30 seconds.With a full tank, the car can fly for 460 miles at the speed of 110 miles per hour. Terrafugia has said it expects the Transition to be ready for sale by the end of the year.It is expected to sell for USD 279,000 and about 100 of the aircraft/car have already been booked.Terrafugia COO Anna Mracek Dietrich said the company selected the New York auto show for the car's public debut since it is a \"venue from which we can show the first practical street-legal airplane to the world while meeting the people who will be part of its commercial success in the years to come. New York is the perfect place to accomplish all of this.\"The 2012 New York International Auto Show will be held from April 6 through the 15th.The company will present the car's latest production prototype as well as share details of the future plans for the flying car.The public will get up-close and personal with the vehicle, witness wing-folding demonstrations and meet some of the staff behind the design.Terrafugia, an aerospace company, was founded by pilots and engineers from the Massachusettes Institute of Technology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12118197", "title": "Stop blaming the past, high court tells Mamata Banerjee govt", "text": "KOLKATA: The Calcutta high court on Friday expressed dismay over the tardy police investigation into the public murder of CPM leaders Pradip Ta, a former MLA, and Kamal Gayen in Burdwan and handed the probe to the CID. The court said it would monitor the investigation on a regular basis.In a stinging remark, a division bench of Chief Justice J N Patel and Justice S Chakrabarty asked the state government to stop blaming the past. This is the first court order to put the nine-month-old Mamata Banerjee government in a tight spot.The bench admonished the administration when public prosecutor Debashis Ray and government pleader Asok Banerjee said they needed more time to submit the autopsy report. It takes time to prepare post-mortem reports in Bengal, as it has been this way for the last 34 years, Banerjee argued.The bench was surprised at the argument and held that the state should not try to pass the blame on what happened in the past. This was no plea to justify the inaction, it said. The Chief Justice remarked he had been hearing such pleas (blaming the past) for the last nine months.The judges were amazed that an autopsy would take so long when Burdwan town has a state-run medical college. The bench rejected the government's plea and directed the public prosecutor to submit the report by 2pm. Sensing the court's mood, the government hurriedly placed the post-mortem report, which showed doctors had completed it on February 23, the day after the incident.The court reprimand and the order for a CID probe under court monitoring do not go well with chief minister Mamata Banerjee's promise of a non-partisan government.Leader of the opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra felt reassured that the court would monitor the probe. \"We don't have any faith in the government, the way it is handling issues whether political or non-political. The only positive thing is that the high court will monitor the probe. That is important, not which agency - CID or CBI - is investigating the killings,\" Mishra said.Ta and Gayen, a CPM veteran, were bludgeoned to death a stone's throw from the district magistrate's bungalow in the heart of Burdwan town on February 22. The autopsy report says they were hit with blunt objects, mostly bamboo sticks, leading to fatal skull fractures. Justice Chakrabarty asked the government pleader if someone could be killed with bamboo sticks. Banerjee said it is possible. Even a slap on a sensitive spot may kill someone, he said.Lawyers for the petitioners - Bikash Bhattacharya and Subrata Mukherjee - cited the contradictory comments made by the chief minister and three ministers as well as a senior police officer over the motive for the gruesome killings. They also recalled that the high court had ordered a CBI probe into the Netai killings on the ground that the accused were CPM partymen and the same party ran the government that was conducting the CID probe. Bhattacharya , however, didn't press for a CBI investigation in the Burdwan killings. He asked that the CID probe be held under the court's supervision. The government pleader opposed the argument, saying that the previous government had not placed the Netai case diaries for days, which was not the case this time.The bench took note of the allegation that the investigation was not being conducted properly and that the prosecution had not sought police remand for the accused on the plea that they had admitted to their crime and blood-smeared bamboo sticks were seized from them. The court also recorded that only four of the 22 accused have been arrested.The bench then directed the government to engage CID for a \"fair and proper\" investigation so that there is no misgiving among the public. The CID has to submit progress reports to the court from time to time. The first has to be tabled on March 23. The bench also observed that handing over the case to CBI was not necessary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12118510", "title": "Fisherfolk seek 24-hour patrolling", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Kerala Swathantra Malsya Thozhilali Federation (KSMTF) has demanded a day and night patrolling by the coast guard, navy and marine enforcement wings along the waters of Kanyakumari to Mangalore for ensuring the safety of fishermen.\"The fishermen have been apprehensive to sail ever since the murder of two fishermen two weeks ago. Now with another incident of a ship ramming into a fishing boat and killing two fishermen, they are terrified to venture into the sea,\" T Peter, president, KSMTF told reporters here on Friday.Marine enforcement and coast guard officials not finding the three fishermen who went missing after their boat was rammed into by an unidentified ship on Thursday, raises questions about the competence of the technology used by our marine forces, Peter said. \"There are officials in the marine enforcement who don't even know how to swim,\" he alleged.He also demanded an inquiry to find out whether there had been any lapses on the procedures followed by the navy and marine enforcement during the two tragedies which claimed at least four lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12116861", "title": "Liquor worth 2L seized in last two days", "text": "PANAJI: With polls to be held on Saturday and dry days notified, the state excise department has seized liquor worth more than 2 lakh, in the past two days.On Wednesday, Bardez excise officials seized 846 bulk litres of liquor worth 1,50,000 from Arpora. The liquor consisting entirely of whisky was illegally stored in an adjacent structure by the owner of a establishment whose license had been suspended.On Thursday, Bardez excise officials booked six cases of displaying liquor on a notified dry day. One case each in Bastora, Guirim, Nerul, Porvorim, and two in Candolim were booked.Based on a flying squad complaint, Mormugao excise officials netted a haul of 99 bulk litres of liquor worth 11,000. Mormugao excise inspector Sydel Gonsalves told TOI that 144 cans of beer, 12 bottles of rum, 12 bottles of brandy and 48 nips of Royal Stag were seized on Wednesday. Excise inspector Mukund Gauns said a case of abandoned liquor has been registered against unknown persons.Assorted liquor worth 11,391 was also seized from three shacks in Arrosim on Friday. Cases of liquor sale on notified dry day have been registered.The commissioner of excise, P S Reddy, has issued a public notice that liquor vendors are required to close their shops at 12am on March 4 instead of 5pm on March 3 as notified earlier. Hence no display or sale of liquor is permitted upto 12am on March 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12119083", "title": "Education officers \u2018harassing\u2019 private schools", "text": "JAIPUR: District education officers here are openly flouting rules and regulations governing inspection of private schools in the city.While conducting inspections, these officers are seeking documents/affidavits which are not listed in the The Rajasthan Non-Government Educational Institutions Act, 1989. TOI has copies of documents revealing the wide difference between the provisions of Act for recognition of privates schools and a list of 25 documents prepared by education officers for the process.The documents prepared by education officers sought from the schools includes an affidavit stating that pollution level of the area around the institute is not mentioned in the act. Besides, they also sought 30 years lease agreement document, in case land is not owned by the school concerned. This clause of the Act was omitted in 2011.\"The officers also asked to submit videos of our school buildings, ground and other facilities, which are not required under the law. The inspection process which could have lasted for hours only ran for two weeks,\" said a principal of a private school which underwent the inspection process recently.Such school authorities made efforts to bring provisions of Act into the notice of officers but in vain. In fact, asking for single-seated furniture for every student has put the schools in a jittery.The inspections of many schools were also postponed due to erratic process followed by the inspection team, according to some schools.Only a few schools dared to complain to education minister Brij Kishore Sharma, who met senior education officers and school authorities to sort out the matter on March 13.Sharma said, \"The Act is supreme and sacrosanct. The guidelines have to be derived from the Act. Any deviation from the Act amounts to violation which should be followed by imposition of penalties.\"District education officer (Elementary) S C Meena agreed that they asking for some documents which are not listed in the Act and said, \"They are equally important for awarding recognition.\" He, however, passed the buck on to the state government saying that district authorities have no role in preparing the list of 25 documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "lucknow/new delhi", "code": "12117690", "title": "Punters predict President\u2019s rule in UP, give top slot to Samajwadi Party", "text": "LUCKNOW/NEW DELHI: On the eve of the last phase of assembly polls in Uttar Pradesh, bookies in Lucknow and New Delhi are predicting a hung house with Samajwadi Party as the largest party and President's rule as the most likely scenario after March 6.The chances of Central rule, as per the satta market in Lucknow, are between 80% and 84%. The odds on this are 1:1.1 - that is, if one puts Rs 1,000 on President's rule being clamped in the state, one will get Rs 1,100 if it comes true. The second most probable option, according to the punters, is a Samajwadi Party-Congress alliance at 76%-79%.The odds being offered are 1:1.2. The third likely scenario, as bookies in Lucknow see it, is a BSP-Congress alliance which has a 45%-55% probability. It is inviting odds of 1:1.5. The chances of a BJPBSP are seen as very remote, going by the 1:9 odds, while the odds on Congress and BJP joining hands are 1:100.Bookies in Lucknow are projecting Samajwadi Party's seat tally at 146 to 150. The odds fixed on this are 1:1.2. The expectation on the BSP's tally is 106-109 seats with odds of 1:1.5. Congress, as per bookies in the state capital, could get 69-72. The odds are 1:1.7. BJP is placed fourth in their list with 56-59 seats and odds of 1:2.The expectation of bookies in Delhi is similar, with the lowest odds on SP getting around 140 seats. The seat projection for the ruling BSP is around 120, while Congress is expected to bag around 70, according to the satta market in the capital. These bookies too are placing the BJP in fourth place, giving it a tally of 55-60 seats. Said a bookie in Delhi, \"The bet for Congress and BJP is 3 and 4, respectively. \"\"For SP and BSP, the winnings would be Rs 1,100 and Rs 1,200, respectively.\" If sources in the Delhi satta market are to be believed, around Rs 15 crore would be bet on the UP elections. However, with the last phase of polling to take place on Saturday, bookies said the odds are likely to keep changing till the last moment.Interestingly, bookies are reluctant to take bets on who would be the next chief minister. Till Thursday, bids had not been opened for the CM's name among Lucknow bookies. While the UP police are keeping a close watch on big bookies of the state, cops in Delhi said they had not found any bets being placed in the capital yet. A senior Ghaziabad police officer said, \"We had information about a major betting racket in the city on Thursday but did not find anything. We have some numbers and are working on them\".Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12118577", "title": "Plea admitted against 4.5% minority quota", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad high court on Friday admitted a petition, treating it as an PIL, wherein proposed 4.5% reservation to minorities in UP has been challenged. The court will hear the petition on March 21.The order was passed by a division bench of Justice RK Agrawal and Justice Amit Sthalaker on a writ petition filed by lawyer and president Prahari Sangathan, BN Singh.The additional solicitor general opposed the petition saying that it was of PIL nature and therefore should be heard by a bench hearing the PIL cases.The petition has challenged the notification, dated December 22, 2011, issued by the Union of India. Further, it has demanded that the proposed 4.5 % reservation to minorities in UP should not be published in the official gazette.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12118959", "title": "Tax reforms row may derail GST", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre and the states are involved in a fresh row, this time over tax reforms that threaten to derail the rollout of Goods and Services Tax (GST), among the most ambitious fiscal reform moves.Bihar deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi, who heads the empowered group of state finance minister, has written a letter to Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee accusing the Centre of a \"unilateral decision\" on compensating states for phasing out the Central Sales Tax.State FMs are meeting in the Capital on Saturday, and CST compensation is the Jonly issue on the agenda, Jwhile all discussions around introduction of the much-delayed GST have been put on hold.In his letter to Mukherjee , Modi has raised objections to a communication from R S Gujral, the Union finance secretary, that \"the issue of payment of CST compensation to states for 2010-11 may be considered as finally settled\" . The Bihar deputy chief minister has said that all along, the states were under the impression that a final view will only be taken after discussions with Mukherjee .According to the Centre, 2010-11 was the last year for CST compensation and there would be no payment for 2011-12 . Removal of CST, which is levied on goods in inter-state trade, was one of the pre-conditions for introduction of GST. Under GST, a uniform taxation system, where credit is given for inter-state trade, is proposed to be put in place.Modi said that Rs 6,394 crore CST compensation released by the Centre for 2010-11 was not final since the empowered group had never agreed on the amount because the loss of revenue was more than Rs 19,000 crore for 2010-11 on account of reduction of CST rate from 4% to 2%. \"When originally it was decided to phase out the CST during a period of three years by 2008-09 , it was presumed that the GST would come with effect from April 1, 2010,\" Modi said.He cited that it was then promised that the GST rates and CST compensation would be worked out in such a manner that it would take care of the loss on account of phasing out of the CST.He demanded that since the loss of revenue on account of CST rate reduction is permanent, the Centre must compensate it till GST is rolled out.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12117279", "title": "Mickky spars with Churchill\u2019s brother over cash seized in Salcete", "text": "MARGAO: Acting on a tip off, Colva police arrested Hannibal D'Costa from Varca after he was found carrying 1,20,304 at Seraulim bandh on Friday. D'Costa, sources said, is a worker of the Goa Vikas Party (GVP).Addressing reporters, DySP Shamba Sawant said the incident occurred in the afternoon and that D'Costa was arrested after he failed to give a satisfactory answer to the flying squad as to why he was carrying so much money.Sawant added that as several people had gathered at the bandh, police took D'Costa into custody for further questioning.Goa Vikas Party supremo Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco along with his advocate rushed to the Colva police station to secure D'Costa's release.But Navelim MLA Churchill Alemao's election agent Mike Mehta made his presence felt at the Colva police station and demanded D'Costa's arrest.He accused D'Costa of being a supporter of Caitu Silva, the GVP candidate in Benaulim constituency where Churchill's daughter Valanka is contesting.Churchill's brother Ciabro Alemao also rushed to the Colva police station.There were some tense moments at the police station when Mickky, Ciabro and Mehta were arguing their points to police inspector incharge, Devendra Gad. A huge crowd even gathered outside the police station.D'Costa was later released on bail after he was booked under IPC sections amounting to bribery and disobedience of order promulgated by a public servant.Sawant said that as per the police's preliminary inquiry D'Costa had filed his nomination from Benaulim as a dummy candidate. He added that investigations are still under way.Elsewhere, in Mandop-Navelim, a group of locals blocked the vehicle of an individual who they alleged was distributing money to voters. When the police reached the site, however, they could not find cash in the vehicle.Independent candidate Avertano Furtado, however, demanded that the person be arrested, claiming he was a worker of PWD minister Churchill Alemao.Furtado also rushed to the Margao police station demanding that a case be registered against the person. No case is registered yet.Churchill, refuting the charge of his rival in Navelim constituency, said baseless allegations were being made against him. He also demanded that additional force should be sent to the constituency saying his supporters are being harrassed.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12118680", "title": "Jeev admits his SUV driver more at fault", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Settling all doubts over the accident involving his spanking new Range Rover on October 31, 2011, Indian ace golfer, Jeev Milkha Sisngh, candidly admitted that his driver, Ramkumar, awas more at faulta than the woman whose Alto car was hit by his speeding SUV.Jeev told TOI on Friday that he had seen the CCTV footage of the accident. aIt is clear that the lady had also jumped the yellow light but my driver was more at fault. He was coming to pick me up at the airport. It was earlier alleged that I was driving the car in a bid to implicate me. However, I had an aircraft boarding pass to prove I was not driving when the accident took place,a said Jeev.According to chargesheet filed by the Chandigarh Police, Jeevas driver was over-speeding and had jumped a red light when he crashed into Sunita Malikas car. However, the police has not charged Sunita with rash and negligent driving.Jeev said his parents were handling the case and they had now left it to the police. We tried to reach a compromise with the lady but it did not work out ,a Jeev added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12119544", "title": "Chief minister wants graft cases disposed promptly", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi directed the vigilance and anti-corruption department to deal with graft-related cases promptly in order to curb the menace and deter people from indulging in corrupt practices. Reviewing the performance of the said department at his official residence on Thursday, Gogoi emphasized the need to reduce the time taken to run inquiries, solve corruption-related cases and dispose them.He also reviewed old vigilance cases and directed the department to submit chargesheets in all the cases in which sufficient evidence has been found.The Chief minister stressed on the need to lay traps to detect cases of acceptance of illegal gratification by public servants. Similarly, he said the delay in inquires and disposal of cases needs to be lessened. Gogoi said that inquiry guidelines should be modified in such a way that government approval would be required only once, before the inquiry concludes.He also said that anti-corruption organizations should be revamped so that cases relating to corruption are dealt with effectively. P P Varma, chief secretary-in-charge, Jishnu Barua, commissioner and political secretary, Pradip Kumar, director of vigilance and anti-corruption department and other senior officials were also present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12119149", "title": "HDMC in celebration mode", "text": "HUBLI: Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation, which is one of the biggest municipal corporations in the state, is celebrating its golden jubilee year.Before the formation of the HDMC, there were separate municipalties for Hubli and Dharwad. The merged entity Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation came into existence on March 1, 1962. The then chief minister B D Jatti inaugurated the newly formed HDMC.G R Nalavadi and M H Farooquie, both nominated by the government, took charge as the mayor and deputy mayor of the HDMC. The first elected body came into power on June 3, 1968 wherein Dr V V Tegginmani and A P Hajgirdar took charge as the first elected mayor and deputy mayor.Initially, there were only 20 to 25 members in the corporation but after 1983 elections, the number of members rose to 57. At present, the total number of members is 67 with 5 nominated members. In 1975, Janasangha came to power for the first time with S S Shettar as the mayor. Till 1979, the corporation was mobilizing its revenues by collecting toll under octroi. HDMC started depending on SFC grants and funds from the government after the abolition of octroi system in 1979.The HDMC observed its silver jubilee celebration in 1986-87 when the then President Giani Zail Singh attended the function.The corporation which managed to present Rs 5 crore budget in the first few years of its inception has this year managed to present Rs 180 crore budget which only indicates its fast growth. The corporation shot into limelight by taking the historic decision of demolishing illegal structures when P Manivannan was the commissioner during 2004-05. HDMC set a record by demolishing all illegal constructions in the twin cities. Following suit, other corporations also started demolishing illegal constructions in their respective jurisdictions. Senior councillor Pandurang Patil said the HDMC in this golden jubilee year should focus more on cleanliness keeping the twin cities clean should be its motto.Improved servicesTo improve its services, the HDMC has created 12 zonal offices in the twin cities and set up a helpline. It has implemented 24x7 water supply in eight wards as a pilot project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12122776", "title": "Sikh group protests Sonia Gandhi's presence in US", "text": "JALANDHAR: A US-based human rights group has approached US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton urging her the exclusion of Congress president Sondia Gandhi from the US. The group wants the same yardstick to be applied that was used for Gujarat chief minister Narendera Modi while denying him a US visa.The groups claims she was involved in covering up and protecting the leaders of her party, the Congress, who were actively involved in massacre of Sikhs in November 1984.The rights group Sikhs for Justice has sent a memo to Clinton on grounds that Sonia Gandhi's entry and presence in the US was in violation of section 212(a)(3)(E)(ii) &amp; (iii) of the Immigration and Nationality Act and section 604 of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 which prohibit entry into the US of any individual who, outside of the US, has ordered, incited, assisted or in any way participated in the commission of any act of torture or extra judicial killing.It has also claimed that Sonia Gandhi has not just been actively covering up the Sikh genocide and shielding her party leaders who were key players in executing the atrocities of November 1984.The group's memo says, \"The Indian National Congress party had organized the genocide to avenge the assassination of the then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi , the party's leader, who was murdered by her two bodyguards who happened to be Sikhs.\"Sikhs for Justice has also cited findings of the Nanavati Commission which held that innocent Sikhs were killed in a systematic manner without fear of the police apart from quoting a report of PUCL just after the \"riots\".SFJ's legal advisor, Gurpatwant Singh Pannun - an active member of the American Immigration Lawyers Association, said that excluding Sonia Gandhi would not be unique as previously Narendra Modi , a prominent leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and chief minister of Gujarat, was denied entry into the US in connection with his role in the 2002 riots.SFJ pointed out that victims of the 1984 riots were denied justice even as the Congress party remained in power for 23 out of 28 years after the \"genocide\".\"Sonia Gandhi, who has been president of the party since 1998, has been actively following the party's practice of impunity towards its leaders who were involved in the gross human rights violations committed in November 1984 and is is Clinton's duty to uphold the US Constitution and its laws, and order the exclusion of Sonia Gandhi who cannot be absolved just because of India's economic status and political relations with the United States,\" the memo has mentioned.Incidentally on March 15, a US Federal Court will be hearing a petition seeking \"default judgment\" against the Indian National Congress Party which has failed to respond to charges of conspiring, aiding, abetting, organizing and carrying out attacks on the Sikh population of India in November 1984.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12120972", "title": "Bridging the gap over Nagabali", "text": "KORAPUT: Chekaguda and Mariguda, two villages on either side of river Nagabali in the Maoist-hit Rayagada district, were always so near, yet so far. A 151-metre suspension bridge has now brought them together. And now that work for the much-awaited bridge is almost complete, there are big smiles on the faces of 25,000-odd villagers of the area.The district administration said construction work would finish in the first week of March. Villagers of Karubai, Bodo Alubadi, Baising, Dangolodi, Durgapadu, Mirabalir, Tolo Alubadi and Erkubali panchayats would then need to travel only five km to reach the district headquarters town, which was thus far 25-km away from the area.According to sources, villagers have been demanding the bridge since ages. Finally, construction work under Integrated Action Plan (IAP) began in November 2011. \"We took the construction of the bridge on priority basis under the IAP. It will be ready for public use in March,\" rayagada collector Nitin Bhanudas Jawle said.Officials of the district administration said the suspension bridge, which is the second of its kind in the state, is being constructed 100 feet abive the river. The other suspension bridge in the state is at Dhabaleswar.\"A permanent bridge over the river was our long-standing demand. Though we had constructed a bamboo bridge, it was a risky business to cross the river on two-wheelers. We are excited about the construction of the bridge and expect it to be complete soon,\" said Ganapati, a resident of Mariguda village.Locals also hope the bridge will boost their economy as farmers will now be able to sale their produce at the urban market. \"Now farmers can bring their products to Rayagada and patients can also be shifted to district headquarters hospital if needed,\" said Abhimanyu, another villager.The central government has provided an annual grant of Rs 30 crore to as many as 60 districts of the country affected by left-wing extremists for infrastructure development under the IAP in the financial year 2011-12. The programme was launched in December 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12121420", "title": "Sourav De to direct short films", "text": "Director Sourav De is set to come up with a dozen of short-films and he is aiming for a commercial release.\"My attempt is to create an audience who can watch a film in between his appointments and pushoff for his next assignments,\" he said and added that the films are experimental in approach, revolutionary in concept and universal in their acceptance.\"\"'1.30 am' - is about a teenage girl Nishi (essayed by Ena Saha) with split personality. It is a single-character movie on how a girl lives with her dual personality,\" informed Sourav.'Mohutli', is another shortfilm where Tanusree and Shamik Chakraborty play the lead. \"It is about breaking and making of relationships against the backdrop of a heritage village, Maluti,\" Sourav signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12122174", "title": "Mouni 'Sati' Roy's huge fan following!", "text": "Mouni Roy who plays Sati in Nikhil Sinha's Devon Ke Dev is being loved by the viewers of Mahadev.Public as well as industry folks are raving about her presentation. People have forgotten she is the same girl who played Krishna Tulsi in Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi. Triangle film company the production house is flooded with mails and letters appreciating Mouni Roy's performance.Creative director Sohaana Sinha confirms, \"\"It's true we are flooded with mails, letters and calls about Mouni 'Sati' Roy's looks and presentation. The feedback has been very encouraging. TRP is also getting better\"\". Well we must say the mythological serial Mahadev has its own audience. Jai Shiv Ji ki!\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12118093", "title": "RTI activist missing from east Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: An RTI activist, who is also a florist, went missing from near the Ghazipur flower market on Thursday morning. The activist Shiv Kumar Tiwari is a resident of Ghaziabad. The police, who the family claimed was slow to take action, was in the process of registering the case under sections of kidnapping, said DCP (east) Prabhakar on Friday.Sources said the family had not received any ransom call till Friday evening. Cops said Tiwari had gone to the flower market in his car with his servant on Thursday morning. \"He had said he going to meet some flower merchants. When he did not return after several hours, the family informed the police,'' said an investigating officer.Pratibha Tiwari, the activist's wife, said, \"My husband had been getting threats as he had carried out several sting operations, involving officials in NDMC, Delhi Police and MCD. \"Strangers had been keeping a watch on Shiv's NGO office too,\" said Udit Tiwari, his brother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12117417", "title": "Puneite wins Lavasa Women\u2019s Drive 2012", "text": "PUNE: Puneite Ambolika Tikekar grabbed the number one position at Lavasa Women's Drive 2012 held on February 26. The drive, which was flagged off from Mumbai and Pune and culminated in Lavasa, saw more than 500 cars in the race and more than 2,000 women participating.Based on the format of time-distance-speed, Lavasa Women's Drive is all about safety and spreading awareness about women's cancer. This year, the focus of LWD was to create awareness about cervical cancer . And this was what inspired Ambolika Tikekar, an IT professional, to participate in the drive.Ambolika's cousin Lisa Tikekar, who was the navigator during this drive, had participated last year. Friends Phalguni and Rohini, who were Ambolika's co passengers, painted beautiful images and messages about woman power and spirit. A large number of non governmental organizations, women's organizations, corporate and individuals also participated in the drive to promote their individual causes and garner support for the same.Ambolika said, \"We believe that women are strong, independent and powerful, and that's the message we want to convey. We also mentioned that our car runs on spirit, the spirit of fighting against any disease or trouble. The spirit that connects us to help each other and go ahead in life in a healthy and balanced way.\"Women, young and old, decked up their cars with imaginative themes and messages supporting various causes like cancer prevention, saving a girl child, conserving tiger and many more. Families and friends of the participants turned up in large numbers to support them and cheered each and every car at the flag-off. The drive was flagged off by actors Kimi Katkar, Payal Rohatgi and wrestler Sangram Singh. A free cervical and breast cancer camp for women was conducted at Galaxy Care Hospital.At the culmination of the drive, the participants made it to Lavasa following all the rules set by WIAA on the 100 km stretch following the tulip chart provided. At Lavasa the atmosphere was almost akin to a carnival with a delightfully laid out 'chat street', activities such as tattoo, hair braiding, etc. To pamper women, special spa vouchers were made available from Dasvino Town &amp; Country Club, jetski rides from Lakeshore Watersports, a specially created Rudra spa zone and Chambor makeover zone. Actor Emraan Hashmi made a special appearance and addressed the gathering. Meiyang Chang, the winner of Indian Idol enthralled participants.Anuradha Paraskar, senior vice-president, marketing and sales, Lavasa Corporation Limited, said, \"We were truly overwhelmed that Lavasa Women's Drive was slowly becoming an event in the calendar, a date not to be missed in Mumbai and Pune. This year, we are also launching under the aegis of the Lavasa Women's Drive, the 'Women in the Driving Seat' award that will be launched on March 4. Here, we will not only be awarding the winners of the drive, but also 10 exceptional women who have achieved excellence in their respective fields.\"LWD is a joint initiative of Bombay Times and Lavasa Corporation Ltd. MSD is the associate sponsor. Mak Lubricants, Dove, Galaxy Care Hospital, Orchid and VITS are the other sponsors. It is supported by Women's Cancer Initiative Tata Memorial Hospital and conducted by Western India Automobile Association. This is an initiative of the Times Red Cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12116478", "title": "Yemen national held for selling banned leaves", "text": "HYDERABAD: A Yemen national pursuing his MBA in the city was arrested by the Task Force sleuths for allegedly possessing 95 bundles of contraband Kath leaves at his residence in Syed Aliguda, Asif Nagar on Friday.City police, in a press release, said that Mohammed Ahmed Abdullah,28, had been selling Kath leaves to persons who were addicted to chewing it. He was selling each bundle for Rs 600. He claimed that he had procured the leaves from a person called Ram, a resident of Colaba in Mumbai.\"Ram used to get the Kath leaves via air from Ethiopia and Yemen under the pretext of importing leafy vegetables. The banned leaves are later distributed to various persons like Abdullah, who in turn sell it to addicts,\" deputy commissioner of police (Task Force) Ch Ram Chander said.Abdullah said he purchased the leaves from Ram at Rs 400 a bundle and has been selling it for Rs 600 in Hyderabad. It was in 2007, Abdullah came to Hyderabad to pursue BCA in a degree college. Later he renewed his visa and joined MBA at Sahait College in Masab Tank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "12117476", "title": "Raids on illegal miners &amp; crushers", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A special task force on Friday conducted raids on illegal coal miners and stone crushers operating in the forest area of National Park in Ichak, Padma and Hazaribag Sadar and arrested five persons and seized tractors and equipment. Divisional forest officer (wild life division) R N Mishra, who was also in the team, said the raids were conducted in the deep forest where smoke and mining have been creating pollution.\"It has also caused harm to animals in the forest which resulted in the disappearance of a large number deer and shambar which were released and relocated in the Hazaribag National Park from other parts of the state, including the Birsa Munda Zoological Garden and Zoo in Ranchi during the past two years,\" said Mishra.The DFO said they raided six stone crushers. The task force has also seized five tractors, machines and other equipment used by them for crushing the stones and subsequently dispatching the crushed stones to various parts of the district both for construction of houses and roads. DSP Satyendra Singh, who was leading the team, said a number of cases were registered against all the arrested persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12117010", "title": "High court asks bank to sanction full education loan", "text": "MADURAI: Disapproving a nationalised bank's move to sanction an educational loan only for tuition and hostel fees to a student, the Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Friday strongly advised the banks to have a pragmatic approach while sanctioning the loan.Disposing a petition filed by a student seeking to grant him an additional sum for other heads as well, Justice K Ravichandra Baabu said, \"If a student pays only tuition and hostel fees, it will not serve the purpose and the college may not permit him to continue the course unless he pays the other fees as well.\"The court made these observations while ordering the bank to grant an additional amount to S Sathasivam, an engineering student who were denied the required amount for his studies. Hailing from a poor family, Sathasivam of Tuticorin joined BE (Information Technology) at a private college during the academic year 2011-12. Owing to the meager income of his father, he was not in position to pay the fees to the college inspite of securing a high percentage of marks in the qualifying examination. Therefore he applied for educational loan before the Syndicate Bank, Tirunelveli Town Branch and though the fee structure for every year came to Rs 1,02,500, the bank sanctioned only a sum of Rs 45,000 per annum and accordingly released the said amount on November 19, 2011. Therefore the bank denied to grant the balance amount of Rs 57,500 to the student. As the amount was not paid by the bank inspite of repeated requests, he filed the present petition.The counsel for the bank said the loan sanctioned to Sathasivam represented the tuition fees and hostel fees only and the bank was not in position to pay the loan amount towards the other heads.Directing the bank to grant him the additional amount Rs 30,000 per annum as educational loan, Justice Ravichandra Baabu pointed out that the other heads to which the amount has not been sanctioned by the bank, are in respect of local conveyance and skill development, textbook, record and stationary fee and University fee, examination fee, internal examination fee. It is needless to say that when a person has joined a course, he has to pay necessary fees towards the textbooks, records, stationery and also the examination fees to the university including the internal examination fee. Denial sanction of loan for these heads in total is not at all justifiable or reasonable. The judge directed the bank to disburse the amount to the student within a period of two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12119017", "title": "Doctors to skip Holi this year to pursue demands", "text": "JAIPUR: In-service doctors of the state have decided to skip Holi this year as a mark protest against the government for not reinstating their status as on December 20, 2011.The doctors had struck work on December 21, 2011 and during their 11-day strike, 12 of the inservice doctors were terminated from their services and around 377 of them were transferred during this period. Also, cases were filed against the doctors for violating Rajasthan Essential Services Maintenance Act (RESMA).All Rajasthan In-Service Doctors' Association (ARISDA) president G D Maheshwari said, \"Almost two months have passed since we had called off our strike, but nothing has been done. So the doctors' community has decided not to play colour on Holi. We hope that the CM will fulfill our demand as a gift of Holi.\"The doctors said they are hopeful of the chief minister fulfilling their demand. \"We hope that the CM would listen to our long-pending demands on salaries according to Pay Band 4 and time-bound promotions,\" ARISDA general secretary Nasrin Bharti said.The doctors said that more than 500 doctors were arrested during the 11-day strike and cases against them are still pending. \"We also want the cases withdrawn,\" Bharti added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "salua", "code": "12118597", "title": "Peace brokered in Salua, CIF men sent on leave", "text": "SALUA: Intense meetings till the crack of dawn on Friday brought an shaky peace to Salua as police and the district administration bent over backwards to appease the agitators.Most of the protesters ' demands were met, including folding up the CIF(Counter Insurgency Force) barracks, releasing the four locals held for assaulting policemen, and a proper investigation into the February 28 molestation complaint. On Thursday, EFR jawans, their families and Salua locals had clashed with CIF personnel and policemen over the molest charge and sent them running for their lives. Several officers and police commandos were injured. There are allegations that the EFR men came out brandishing their service rifles, forcing the CIF jawans to run into the nearby Indian Air Force base.The unprecedented violence between the two police units rocked the administration . Senior officers rushed to Salua to talk to the two groups. It was decided that the CIF camp would be moved out of the EFR compound. The CIF men were finally allowed to leave their barracks after a 48-hour siege. They have been asked to go home on a 10-day paid leave and the top brass has given them only a verbal assurance on their three demands - action against EFR personnel , making good their losses in the ransacking of the barracks , and relocation from Salua.The 117 CIF personnel have been asked to report to work in Bankura's Borjora, not Salua.The night-long meetings took place in Salua and Midnapore police lines. If there was seething anger in Salua over the police lathicharge, in Midnapore, the CIF men were furious that they were attacked by EFR 'colleagues' and their own officers let them down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12117610", "title": "Post-poll violence: Bail pleas of NCP leader, 19 others rejected", "text": "PUNE: Additional sessions judge A P Kurhekar on Friday rejected the regular bail pleas of local NCP leader Haribhau alias Aba Maruti Sutar and 19 others for allegedly going on the rampage, ransacking houses, damaging vehicles and assaulting the residents of Sutarwadi at Pashan on February 19.One of the suspects Sudhir Murkute was released on bail on furnishing personal bond of Rs 30,000 with one surety of the like amount as the FIR was silent about his involvement in the crime.The court granted interim bail to two students Sunil Langhi and Akash Sutar, both 19 years old, for their alleged involvement in the crime, till March 17.According to police, around 40 to 50 supporters of Sutar smashed the doors and windows of seven houses. They also broke the windscreens of eight cars and damaged 22 motorcycles. Four residents and two police constables sustained minor injuries in the incident. The residents claimed that the mob snatched gold chains and looted cash from their houses.The attack was the fourth and the biggest incident of post-poll violence in the city that took place after the results of the municipal elections were declared on February 17.The mob attacked the houses of supporters of newly-elected NCP corporator Rohini Chimate. Sutar had backed an independent candidate against Chimate in the recent municipal elections, but he was defeated. Sutar was sore that many residents of Sutarwadi backed Chimate and not the independent candidate.Sumit Ranpise, a resident of Sutardara, lodged the complaint against Sutar and the others.Chimate also registered a separate complaint against Sutar for allegedly abusing her verbally, attempting to molest her and also threatening to kill her and her husband.Sutar also lodged a complaint with the police against three residents of Sutarwadi -- Haribhau Ranpise, Vitthal Ranpise and Narayan Ranpise -- alleging they and 10 others damaged his car.Defence lawyers Harshad Nimbalkar, Atul Malviya and Dilip Shelar told the court that the FIR lodged against Sutar and others was the result of political enmity, even when there was no direct or indirect evidence against them.The lawyers submitted there was no prima facie case against the suspects for allegedly committing an offence of dacoity and rioting. Pleading for their release on bail, the defence argued that their detention was not essential as the police had completed investigations in the case.Opposing the bail pleas, district government pleader and public prosecutor Ujjwala Pawar argued that the police have beefed up bandobast in Sutarwadi after Sutar and others allegedly created trouble in the area after the elections.According to Pawar, Sutar and others were involved in a serious crime such as dacoity, and feared that law and order would deteriorate if they were released.The prosecution contended that the FIR contained the names of suspect and gave details of the role played by them in committing the alleged offence.Upholding the prosecutions plea, judge Kurhekar quoted sections 324, 332 and 395 of the Indian Penal Code to state that the suspects were involved in a non bailable offence and that the investigations in the case was at a critical stage.The bail order reads the suspects may again indulge in such offence to show that they enjoyed political patronage and may create obstructions in the investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12120842", "title": "The bhojpuri superheroes", "text": "Bollywood superheroes may need safety cables or body doubles to jump from a height of 80-feet. But not our Bhojpuri men.Bhojpuri star Ravi Kissen, Rahul Kumar and Murli Sharma did just that for a scene in their film Jeena Hai Toh Thok Daal. Without, of course a body double.The actors jumped from an 80 feet high railway track in Purnia, Bihar , without any safety harness. Of course there were bed spreads held underneath, just in case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117941", "title": "HC: Hand over hall tickets to two students", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Friday directed a school in Chembur to hand over the hall tickets of two students who are to appear for the SSC exams (English medium), which begins on March 5. One student belongs to the Scheduled Caste, while the other is from a nomadic tribe.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Ranjit More was informed by advocate Gayatri Singh that Chembur English School has demanded that their parents give an undertaking that they will clear the fees due in case the state government does not reimburse it under the freeship scheme. \"The students have not been given their hall tickets for the exams,'' said Singh.The school's advocate C K Thomas denied that the hall-tickets are being withheld. \"They have not collected them. We are interested in the children's academic career,'' said Thomas. The judges directed that the hall tickets be issued forthwith to enable them to give the exams.The court was hearing a PIL stating that since 2007, the government had stopped reimbursing fees of SC/ST and backward class students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12117354", "title": "Time to find the gems in the ore", "text": "PANAJI: Goa goes to the polls on Saturday to elect 40 legislators to the state legislative assembly. The main battle is between the ruling Congress which had 20 MLAs in the last assembly and the main opposition BJP which had 14 MLAs.After a campaign that has been bereft of issues, but large on promises that could cost the exchequer 1,000cr a year, Congress goes into battle alongside its old alliance partner NCP, to take on BJP that has snatched the Congress' other alliance partner the Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) to its side.With campaigning-and lots of mudslinging-over on Thursday, the principal parties, the Congress led by chief minister Digmabar Kamat and BJP spearheaded by opposition leader Manohar Parrikar, predicted clear majorities for themselves and said they would form the next government in the state.Probably, the political highlight of this election is that BJP has not only stolen Congress' alliance partner the MGP and formed a pre-poll alliance with them, it has for the first time, fielded six Catholic candidates in a desperate bid to shed its image as a communal party. Despite that, Congress has reiterated its communal charge against BJP whereas BJP has hurled a flurry of charges against Congress. These include charges of corruption, illegal mining and the latest charge of seeking to perpetuate family Raj.The ruling Congress is fielding 33 candidates, the highest number in these elections. It has left the remaining seven seats for its alliance partner NCP. The Congress-NCP team adds up to 40.The opposition BJP is fielding 28 and supporting four independents in Navelim, Velim, Curtorim and Cumbarjua constituencies. BJP's pre-poll alliance partner MGP was supposed to field candidates in eight constituencies but is now fielding only seven, as it was unable to field a candidate in Benaulim. The BJP-MGP lineup therefore totals 39 candidates.The All-India Trinamool Congress, making its maiden entry into Goan politics under the stewardship of old warhorse and former chief minister Wilfred de Souza has fielded 21 candidates with some important names like Pandurang Raut in Bicholim, Sameer Salgaocar in Mandrem and de Souza himself in Aldona. De Souza has claimed he will be a major player in the formation of the next government.Besides MGP, there are two other regional parties seeking to enter the legislature. Goa's controversial politician and former tourism minister Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco has revived the Goa Vikas Party which has fielded eight candidates. The United Goans Democratic Party (UGDP) is fielding eight candidates.Other parties include Shiv Sena, Samajwadi Janata Party (Rashtriya), Jai Mahabharat Party, Samajwadi Party, Communist Party of India, All India Minorities Front, Goa Su-Raj Party and Janata Dal (United).Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12118958", "title": "CPM, independents start working on joint CMP", "text": "NASHIK: The Left and the independents' combination has started working on a joint common minimum programme (CMP) and it is expected to be finalized soon. The CPM has already released its five-point CMP, which is likely to be modified following discussions with the independents' group called Vikas Aghadi.The CPM also said it would register its group with the Nashik divisional revenue commissionerate on Saturday.The recent Nashik Municipal Corporation elections have thrown up a fragmented mandate as no single party got majority to rule the civic body. While all the major political parties are trying out several permutations and combinations to come to power, Vikas Aghadi and the CPM have decided to come together to try and play the kingmaker role.In the NMC elections, the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) emerged as the single largest party getting 40 seats, while Shiv Sena won 19, BJP 14, Congress 15, Nationalist Congress Party 20, RPI (A), 3, and Janrajya Aghadi got two seats.In the 122-member house, any combination needs a strength of 62 to gain control but all the three fronts-Shiv Sena-BJP-RPI (total of 36 seats), Congress-NCP (35 seats) and MNS (40 members)-cannot reach the magic figure. Though the saffron alliance of Sena and BJP, who ruled the civic body for the past decade fought separately, they are likely to stay together as part of their statewide alliance. It is in this context that the role of smaller parties and independents has become important to ruling the civic body.\"We have already held one round of talks with the independents. We will soon hold further talks and determine the common minimum programme. We have already released the five-point CMP, which will be modified following discussions with the group of independents,\" CPM state secretary D L Karad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "12118246", "title": "PCC team meets Katwa rape victim", "text": "BURDWAN: A day after former minister Anju Kar led a team to Ambal village to express her solidarity with the Katwa rape victim, a group of Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC) workers reached her house on Friday to stand beside the woman in her fight for justice.The woman was dragged down from a train by a group of miscreants on February 25 and was allegedly raped at gunpoint. However, chief minister Mamata Banerjee later termed the incident as \"concocted\" and alleged CPM masterminded the plot.On Friday, minister of state for labour Sabina Yasmin led the PCC all-women team to Ambal to meet the woman. \"We have come here to convey that our party is beside her. We will submit our report to Pradip Bhattacharjee,\" Yasmin said. She added that she was shocked by the CM's statement: \"I personally believe no woman will falsely claim that she has been raped. It is not true that the woman is a CPM supporter.\" The team met Burdwan SP and demanded arrest of the guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon /chandigarh", "code": "12118357", "title": "Reliance \u2018agreeing\u2019 to give back SEZ land to govt: CM", "text": "GURGAON /CHANDIGARH: Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Friday informed the state assembly that Reliance was agreeing to return land back to the government after failing to complete the SEZ project in a period of six years.Referring to the issue of Special Economic Zones (SEZs), Hooda said that a notification under Section 4 (for acquiring land) was issued by HSIIDC on January 29, 2003, for about 1,700 acres of land at Khandsa Mohammadpur, Jhandsa, Garhi Harsaru and adjoining villages in Gurgaon district, when INLD was in power. Thereafter, Reliance had a proposal to set up an SEZ under SEZ Act-2005 over an area of 25,000 acres.\"In lieu of it, the government had fixed 10% sweat equity for the HSIIDC. As the central government imposed MAT on SEZ, many developers began to step back. This project of the Reliance was expected to generate employment and revenue, but the company did not undertake the project in fixed period of six years. Now the company was agreeing to return land to the state,\" he said.Hooda claimed the developers of SEZ had purchased land directly from the farmers. \"However, as a result of the request of the state government, Reliance has agreed to give annuity on this land as per the Land Acquisition Policy of the state government,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12118658", "title": "Decongesting heart of the city", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Soon, there could be a ban on entry of vehicles in Sector 17 after 4pm to decongest the heart of the city.Taking up the issue of escalating vehicular traffic in city, Punjab and Haryana high court on Friday suggested the Chandigarh administration to make some parts of Sector 17 as no-vehicle zone after 4pm. Reiterating its earlier suggestion to make some parts of each sector vehicle free on rotational basis, HC suggested that the administration could start from Sector 16 where VIPs, including bureaucrats and judges, live. HC also asked the UT to reserve some area of city for running of ecocabs a?? specially designed rickshaws.Apparently concerned over the growing traffic chaos on city roads, division bench - comprising Justice Surya Kant and Justice Ajay Tewari - made it clear that if UT administration fails to take a decision in this regard, the bench could pass an order.The suggestion was given by a division bench during resumed hearing of a petition on the issue of introducing eco-cabs in cities of Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh. The court had taken a suo moto notice of the issue. The concept of eco-cabs was invented in Fazilka district of Punjab where cycle rickshaws are just a phone call away. HC has already asked the Chandigarh administration to explore possibility of introducing eco-cabs in Chandigarh.UT has also contacted Graduate Welfare Association, Fazilka, (GWAF) secretary Navdeep Asija, who has been instrumental in inventing such rickshaws, for making arrangements to introduce eco-cabs in the city. The bench also directed the administration to find a way to improve parking situation in the city.Importantly, the bench on September 23, 2011 had directed the UT administration to declare one of its sectors as vehicle-free zone to keep a check on growing vehicular congestion.Responding to the implementation of earlier orders, UT senior standing counsel Sanjay Kaushal asserted that the process is already on, but making a decision and then enforcing it will take some more time. Now, the case would come up for further hearing on March 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12119102", "title": "Rumpus over RSS-police clash; Assembly adjourned till Mar 13", "text": "BHOPAL: Opposition Congress in the Madhya Pradesh Vidhan Sabha stalled the question hour on Friday and later forced an adjournment over the issue of Rashtriya Swayam Sewak Sangh (RSS) activists-police clash inside a police station in the state capital that led to the suspension of 10 policemen, including two officers.As soon as the house assembled for the day, opposition Congress members were on their feet demanding a discussion on their notice for adjournment motion but Speaker Ishwardas Rohani said he would give his ruling after the question hour. However, the opposition members pressed for taking up the discussion, suspending the proceedings of the house, with members alleged that RSS activists had stormed the police station.As noisy scenes continued, opposition members were heard alleging that policemen have been made scapegoats for the excesses committed by the RSS activists. Speaker initially adjourned the house for half an hour. Even after the house re-assembled, opposition continued to press for a debate, forcing the speaker to adjourn the house till March 13, after holidays on account of Holi festival.Congress had sought to raise the issue on Thursday also by trooping in the well of the house but they allowed proceedings after speaker assured them that he would take a decision on their notice for adjournment motion after getting details about the incident.Later taking to newsmen in the assembly premises, leader of the opposition Ajay Singh said the government was trying to avoid a discussion over the serious criminal act of attacking policemen at Kamla Nagar police station because of the involvement of RSS cadres. However, legislative affairs minister Narottam Mishra said the opposition should have allowed the question hour to take place and waited for speaker to take a decision on the notice for adjournment motion.Speaker Ishwardas Rohani said \"it's the responsibility of the members of the house to ensure that the house transacted its business smoothly\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12117763", "title": "Judge, 86 others hurt as lawyers run riot in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: India's much-vaunted Silicon Valley turned into a war zone on Thursday as angry lawyers smashed vehicles, torched a police post, and attacked cops, journalists and students inside the civil court premises here, leaving at least 87 people, including a judge, injured. One person was in critical condition.Unhappy with 'unfair' mediaThe nine-hour pitched battle was apparently in retaliation for the media's \"unfair\" coverage of lawyers' clashes with the police on January 14, when a constable had stopped a lawyer for riding pillion with two people.The advocate had claimed he was beaten up at the police station and the cops had refused to register his complaint.Lawyers struck with all their pent-up fury at reporters and camerapersons as they arrived to cover the court appearance of former Karnataka minister and mining baron Gali Janardhana Reddy in an illegal mining case.Trouble erupted when a few advocates objected to TV crew and photographers trying to film Reddy getting out of the vehicle to proceed to the court. As mediapersons continued to carry on with their work, lawyers attacked on them. A police contingent of around 300 was present to keep Reddy's supporters at bay, and a full-scale violence began when they intervened in lawyers' assault on journalists. The tense situation deteriorated when some local TV channels reported the death of an advocate in the clashes. Later, as the channels flashed the \"news\" that a cop was killed and another critically injured, the situation worsened. In between, quite inexplicably, cable networks went blank in many parts of the city.In all, 69 cops were wounded apart from 15 lawyers and three reporters. At least two cameramen from two Kannada channels suffered head injuries, while DCP G Ramesh was hit with a stone thrown by lawyers.CM DV Sadananda Gowda condemned the violence and announced a judicial probe. Press Council of India chairman Markandey Katju condemned the attack, saying the lawyers responsible deserved severe punish- ment. Adding that the lawyers had \"no business and no right\" to prevent mediapersons from covering the event.The lawyers attacked reporters, including women , cameramen and photographers. Police used canes and tear gas to disperse the lawyers. Students from a nearby college who tried to rescue an injured cameraman were also beaten up by lawyers.The ugly scenes around the civil court smacked of absolute disregard for peace and civility. If lawyers felt they were wrongly portrayed as villains of the piece by the media in earlier cases, they could surely have sought recourse in other ways rather than attack mediapersons.That the clash morphed into one between lawyers and police personnel is rather sad. Constables and students who came to help have paid with serious injuries.The legal fraternity needs to put measures in place to ensure that such instances are never repeated. The government's response to the incident should be tough and be a deterrent to anyone inclined to run riot in this manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12116919", "title": "The motivation to vote", "text": "Only by voting will people be in a position to demand from whom they have voted and to expect perhaps even greater next time from those whom they have rejected says Rahul TripathiOn election day the common man is beset with a number of questions, ranging from the choices to make, the issues to look for or even whether to go out and vote at all. Some of those who value their vote, very naturally wonder if elections are more of a ritualistic exercise which deliver more of the same. Others at the same time feel that the vote is indeed instrumental in bringing about a change in the system and the people. Both perceptions notwithstanding, the motivation to vote often gets shaped by and also shapes the perceived outcomes thereby creating a very important basis for democratic evolution. Such basis becomes weak if one decides not to vote and this in turn multiplies the problems manifold.So what are the factors that would actually motivate one to vote for Goa if one looks at some basic suppositions? First and the foremost, the vote is a 'right' which the people exercise so as to have the freedom to select a candidate out of the choice available before them. Yes, it may be a valid argument that the choice is deeply limited and the choice of 'people's candidate' is an idea which is still to catch up here despite some striking exceptions this time. As in rest of India, the primordial affiliations of caste, language and religion in Goa may still matter. But then, limited choice must not become a de-motivation to vote, but should rather become a motivation to reject those who do not deliver.Second, vote reflects an aspirational value, where people exercise their franchise which then acquires an instrumental value by electing a representative who is expected to fulfill their aspirations and expectations. Even though the party manifestoes and election promises may be far removed from practical realizations, these do represent a mobilizational plank for some people in certain contexts. The correlates between the elections and their aspirational value for people should be seen in the context of micro managing sectional interests and translating them at the macro level. Electoral democracy in India should be seen less as the will of the majority but more as the macro translation of the micro impulses. Voting not only facilitates this process, but also provides the scope for making this translation possible.A third and the more visible dimension of the vote is its power to transform and power to change (not to be understood in the context of change of government alone, but also in change of governance). Perhaps one of the biggest achievements of our gradually evolving (and improving electoral democracy has been governments being voted out of power and also being re-elected on the sheer plank of governance and administration). This is not to say that primordial factors of shaping voting behaviour have changed. But that the candidates will have to pass the litmus test of efficiency is the message.Fourthly, from a more extrinsic point of view, a greater voting percentage reflects the belief and faith of the people in democracy itself with all its attendant imperfections. While the conduct of free and fair elections in India is a work in progress, it is a work very much on track. Electoral reforms aimed at curbing money and muscle power during elections can only be symptoms of the larger resolve that society shows towards denouncing such elements. Otherwise, such laws can become another in the series of those laws which are well meaning, but are difficult to implement at the grassroots level because people are unwilling to give up their private aspiration for public good.A larger voting turnout therefore reinforces the faith in the constitution and its ability to bring in correctives when things go wrong. It also enhances India's credibility as the largest democracy in the world.You may then ask, 'Well! Does that mean that my vote on the D day is going to be a magic wand which will suddenly change the world around us and give us the chance to elect people who will bring about the much needed respite to the land and the people of Goa?' I can only say perhaps not, as there cannot be any magic wands in politics. Any change that has to come has to be gradual yet decisive. The vote creates a beginning for the change if not the change itself. Besides, vote is the significant yet not the only critical factor in getting the kind of governance we get.Real democracy is also about rule of law, freedom, responsibility and accountability all of which are unfortunately becoming rare commodities in our public life and an active citizenry (and Goa is fortunate to have one) has to consistently make these the inherent part of their electoral franchise, even if there is a limited range to choose from. It is only by coming out and voting that they will be in a position to demand from whom they have voted and to expect perhaps even greater next time from those whom they have rejected. And that would be the biggest motivation to come out and vote on the Election Day.The writer teaches political science at Goa University. Views expressed are his own.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12118159", "title": "Higher Secondary question changed after allegations", "text": "KOLKATA: Following a complaint from a moderator, West Bengal Higher Secondary Council has decided to change a question in the Physics paper which was allegedly included taking into consideration a request from council secretary Moloy Roy.\"It is an unfortunate incident. The moment the news was flashed, chief minister Mamata Banerjee and education minister Bratya Basu held a meeting with me. The CM was concerned and she has instructed us to take necessary steps to ensure transparency. Accordingly, we have started an investigation into the matter,\" said Muktinath Chattopadhyay, president of the West Bengal Higher Secondary Council. \"Punitive measures should have been taken against the moderator who had decided to speak to the media and did not lodge a complaint with the council before he made his grievances public. But, we have decided not to take any action since the moderator is a retired professor,\" Chattopadhyay said, adding that one particular question in the Physics paper was changed after the allegation surfaced. The council authorities informed on Friday that because of lack of cooperation from a section of headmasters, admit cards and registration certificates will not be distributed to individual schools this year. Instead, the schools will have to collect them from camps set up at different districts of the state.\"A list of schools that repeatedly delayed in submitting forms and missed extended deadlines has been sent to the school education department. The delay prevented us from sending admit cards and registration numbers to individual schools,\" the council president said.The council has also appointed nominees to ensure smooth conduct of the higher secondary examinations. \"They will take care that the right question papers are sent. They will also take a look around the venues and ensure that all answer scripts are returned on time. The council has provided the nominees with ID cards,\" Chattopadhyay said.This year when the higher secondary results are declared, aggregate marks will make a comeback along with merit lists. \"The aggregate will be calculated and related grades will also remain on result sheets. The names of top 20 candidates will be published,\" Chattopadhyay said.The examinations will begin from March 14 and continue till April 7.\"We have already held video conference sessions with district administrations and have noted down their problems. More police personnel will be sent to those districts that do not have adequate security to guard examination centres. No CCTVs will be used,\" assured Chattopadhyay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117548", "title": "I-T boss bowls a googly, cancels staffers\u2019 match", "text": "MUMBAI: It's all work and no play for income tax officers.A cricket tournament, which was supposed to start on Friday, was cancelled at the last minute on the orders of Central Board of Direct Taxes ( CBDT) chairman Laxman Das. The reason: Das wants officials to generate revenue for the government and not waste time on sports.Incidentally, the winner was to be awarded the chairman's cup. Das was to present the cup to the winners after the final on March 4 at Wankhede stadium.Eight teams from across the country were to participate in the tournament. \"The tournament is basically aimed at promoting camaraderie among officers and was started last year. It is surprising the chairman has cancelled it,\" an official said.Das issued the cancellation order on Thursday when the officers met him to invite him for the final match. Sources said Das was very upset and reportedly fired the officers.The department is now trying to sort out the payment for travel and stay of team members who have already arrived in the city. They have been put up at a five-star hotels and private clubs. \"The department was to bear the cost of their stay and flight or train tickets. As the chairman has cancelled the tournament, we need to sort it out,\" an official said. Another official is hopeful of arranging for the payment through contacts in the private sectorThe department is struggling to reach its tax collection target of Rs 5.85 lakh crore by March 31 because of recession, said officials.On February 7, Das told officers, \"Collect taxes, get promotion and choice posting.\" \"Das may have his reasons for cancelling the match, but this is not the right approach. This is disappointing,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12121270", "title": "4,000 Panjab Agriculture University members on dharna, seek salaries", "text": "LUDHIANA: About 4,000 members of the Panjab Agriculture University (PAU) employeesa?? union have been on a dharna for the past one month against the undue delay in getting their salaries and the arrears for the past one year.Union president Paramjit Singh Gill, a resident of SBS Nagar, said they have spoken to the PAU VC, B S Dhillon, but have been told that the grants by the Punjab government have not been enhanced, so the problem cannot be sorted out. A member of the union, Surjeet Singh said on May 2011, arrear for 40% was to be given to them but till date, nothing has happened.He said the salaries were also not coming on time. PAU comptroller A C Rana said they have been requesting the government to increase the grant but till now the exercise has proved futile. He said the annual budget that they are getting for the PAU is Rs 115 crore but the requirement is of about Rs 162 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12118469", "title": "Easy maths paper, students relieved", "text": "GURGAON: For most school children, mathematics is one of the most dreaded subjects but majority of the students appearing for the Class X CBSE exams in Gurgaon heaved a sigh of relief and said that the paper was \"quite easy.\"Students further said the paper was not lengthy and many of them finished within two and two and half hours while the actual scheduled time for the exam is three hours.While there is an option for CBSE students to skip the Class X board exams and take the school exam instead, those who appeared for the boards said that the aim behind taking the boards was to test one's knowledge and to gain an experience in writing the board exams. Moreover, the CBSE board exam is mandatory for students who want to change their board after Class X.Namrata Banerjee of Amity International School said, \"It was an easy paper. The questions were direct while the short questions of two and four marks were easier than expected.\"Her classmate, Sukhda Monga, agreed. \"I attempted all the questions and finished the papers within two and half hours.\"Another student, Angad Singh, said he had enough time to revise his paper twice. Singh also said that he had prepared for the exam by practicing sums from different books, but found out that NCERT books were enough to score good marks in the paper.Nirmal Yadav, principal, Colonel's Central Academy School, said, \"The paper was interesting in the sense that even average students can score good marks. Students said they were quite comfortable writing the paper.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12118135", "title": "High court trashes FIR against Sanjiv Bhatt", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Friday came to the rescue of suspended IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt and quashed an FIR lodged by police against him allegedly for furnishing false information. This was the only FIR lodged by the state government against Bhatt. This happened after Bhatt implicated chief minister Narendra Modi in the 2002 riots.On October 21 last year, the investigating officer in the FIR filed by Bhatt's subordinate K D Panth, ACP N C Patel had lodged a complaint before a magisterial court against Bhatt under sections 172 and 177 of IPC for evading summons and furnishing false information. He claimed that Bhatt had not gone to the Nanavati Commission, though he did not turn up before police on the pretext that he had to appear before the probe panel on the particular day he was summoned. The FIR was filed a couple of days after Bhatt was released on bail.Bhatt had challenged the FIR before HC. Passing the order, Justice M R Shah observed that the registration of complaint was abuse of the process of law by the government.In his order, Justice Shah observed that invocation of sections 172 and 177 of IPC was completely misplaced, as Bhatt had responded the summons. Since summons was served on him, it cannot be said that he evaded it. Moreover, with regard to section 177 of IPC, the judge observed that the information in question should be pertaining to the offence, but it is not the case here. Hence both the sections cannot be applied against Bhatt.Both the charges levelled against Bhatt are non-cognizable offences and court can make an inquiry. Of half-a-dozen cases pending against him, Bhatt had filed quashing petition in this case only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12118241", "title": "Man jumps onto Metro tracks, dies", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 35-year-old man hailing from Varanasi succumbed to his injuries after he jumped on the tracks of the Chandni Chowk Metro station a little after 7am. Since the incident occurred before the rush hour, the station was empty and no one could raise an alarm. He could be rescued only after the CISF personnel noticed him after the driver had raised an alarm.Guards at the station, though, maintained that there were two attempts by the deceased Vinod Kumar to commit suicide.\"He was on platform 2 (going towards Jahangirpuri) when he started loitering on the platform and then moved to the tracks. We sensed something amiss and stopped him and took him to a corner. Soon, however, there was an argument between two passengers on platform 1. When we went to attend to the problem, he jumped and came under the train,\" said a guard at the station who did not want to be named.Bhairo Singh Gujjar, DCP, Crime and Railways, said, \"Though the emergency brakes were applied and train was brought to a halt, he suffered severe injuries on his arm as these parts must have banged against the concrete material used at the track corners. He was rushed to the Lok Nayak Hospital in a critical state, where the hospital authorities declared him brought dead.\"Police could identify Kumar through his voter identity card. A senior police officer said, \"No suicide note was found with him. According to the address mentioned on the card, he was a resident of Ashok Vihar, Varanasi in Uttar Pradesh.\"A DMRC spokesperson said, \"The incident affected train services on the Yellow Line for about 15 minutes. Service resumed after the track was cleared.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12120682", "title": "Divya Spandana on the hot seat?", "text": "The Kannada version of the quiz show Kaun Banega Crorepati is all set to air on TV soon, and reports suggest that the show, hosted by Power Star Puneet Rajkumar, will have Divya Spandana on the hot seat.\"I started my career with Appu (Puneet). I was glad when I was invited to be the first celebrity on his show. I'm coming down to Chennai soon to shoot for the episode,\" says an excited Divya.Her earnings from the show, she says, will be donated to a cause. \"I'll donate the amount I win to support senior artists and actors who are struggling financially. This will be my way of appreciating what they have done for the Kannada film industry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12123347", "title": "K-Town comes together for Kazhugoo", "text": "Sathyasiva's forthcoming release Kazhugoo, starring Kreshna and Bindu Madhavi in the lead, is gearing up for release this month.And to promote the movie, the director and his team have come up with a promo song, in which some of the prominent Kollywood celebrities have done a cameo.Actors, directors and music composers including Arya, Jiiva, Priya Anand, Radhikaa Sarath Kumar, S J Suryah, Venkat Prabhu, Kala Master, Suseenthiran, Thaman, Lingusamy, Pandiaraj, Sivakarthikeyan, Pandiraj, Oviya, Aarthi and Ganesh, Vishnuvardha, Janani Iyer and Perarasu will be seen in the song - Ambalaikkum Pombalaikku - for which music has been composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12120687", "title": "Posco blames Odisha govt for project delay", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Posco on Thursday blamed the Odisha government for delay in lifting police restrictions on entering its steel project site in Jagatsinghpur and accentuated the need to resume infrastructure and other works at the earliest.For the first time since signing an MoU with the state government in June 2005 for setting up a 12 million tonne per annum (MTPA) unit near Paradip, the South Korean steel giant directly held the government responsible for the time overrun for its proposed steel mill, indicating its growing restlessness over goings-on. This followed police on Thursday asking the company to shift its venue for a seminar from its project site at Nuagaon to its office in Paradip.\"Posco-India would like to express its deep regrets that the police has not lifted the restriction on entering the site although we have requested several times since December 2011 to prepare for this seminar and also proceed with the land works such as removal of betel vines and cutting the trees, etc,\" a company release quoting Posco-India CMD Yong-Won Yoon said. The delay could lead to about 20% cost escalation for the project, initially estimated at $12 billion, he added.At the seminar, Yong requested the state government to start construction of the coastal road (stopped since violence led to a death in December) and lift restrictions on entering the site soon. He also expressed disappointment over important people related with the project such as chief minister Naveen Patnaik and chief secretary Bijay Patnaik not attending the seminar, which, he said, can be interpreted as a \"negative indicator for the project\".\"The project has been delayed by a multiplicity of factors beyond our control. We have waited with patience for over six years after the MOU was signed with the Odisha government. We are ready to wait further because the company is still prioritising the Odisha project,\" a news agency quoted Yoon as saying.According to Yong, although Posco prepared for the seminar at the Nuagaon project site office opened in December the company had to unwillingly shift the venue to its HRD Centre at Paradeep due to restrictions on entry to the site due to security concerns. \"Because the HRD Centre, inaugurated in 2010 for training employees, is located 13 km far from the site office, the attendees of the seminar were not able to see the current progress on the land,\" he rued.The company release said since October, 2005, when land for steel project was applied, Posco acquired the environmental clearance (in Aug, 2007), the Supreme Court's approval for forest diversion (Aug, 2008), the central government's re-approval for building integrated steel plant (Jan, 2011) and the Centre's final approval for forest diversion (May, 2011). \"However, although the betel vine removal and tree cutting in the government land resumed since May, 2011, land acquisition by state government has come to a halt due to the strong protest of anti-project people,\" it added.Posco's reaction came days after the Odisha government said it had asked the company to prepare a detailed project report (DPR) for its proposed captive port at Jatadhari near Paradip Port in step with recommendations of the Pune-based Central Water and Power Research Station (CWPRS). \"The state government will evaluate Posco-India's port DPR and ensure CWPRS suggestions are properly implemented,\" commerce and transport minister Sanjeev Sahoo had said in the Assembly. Earlier, CWPRS had prepared a study on the possible adverse impact of Posco's proposed port on the existing port at Paradip.At the seminar, attended by the commercial attache of Korean embassy, Yoon said the project would be implemented explained the progress to equipment suppliers and construction companies. The company said once at least 2700 acre of land out of the total 4004 acre is handed over, it can start land preparation and begin the main construction in early 2013. It plans to operationalise the first phase of four MTPA steel facility in 2016.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12118484", "title": "Actor Rima dons entrepreneur\u2019s role", "text": "KOCHI: Actor Rima Kallingal is all set to don an entrepreneur's role by introducing a brand of fashion clothes under the 'Soul Sisters' tag.Her friends Swetha Vijay and Neetha Manoj will be her partners for this venture and they will hold a two-day exhibition 'Fashion Circus' at Lulu Convention Centre in Thrissur starting today.The three friends have invested an amount of Rs 20 lakhs for the exhibition.\"A lot of actors are brand ambassadors for various products in the market but this is our own creation. It was our long-cherished dream to do something in the line of fashion,\" said Rima.We planned this exhibition to test the market before we open a boutique, said Swetha.\"Thrissur is a virgin market compared to Kochi, so we thought of exploring our hometown. After Thrissur, we are thinking of opening boutiques in Bangalore and Kochi in a year's time. Let's see the response we get and then we can focus on what we need for our boutique,\" said Swetha, a homemaker.The 'Salt and Pepper' movie crew, Ashiq Abu, Asif Ali and Mythili, will also be present at the exhibition on Saturday.The first item will be sold to Rema Kalyanaraman, wife of T S Kalyanaraman of Kalyan Jewellers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12118595", "title": "From ground zero", "text": "Timely intervention by assistant commissioner of police PS Gachchinakatti saved at least 11 constables who were confined to the basement and beaten up by advocates on Friday afternoon.Around 3.30pm, Gachchinakatti, deputed at KR Circle, rushed to the City Civil Court complex when the situation worsened. He noticed a commotion in the basement and rushed there to find a few advocates beating up constables with broken wooden chairs.\"Some constables and I broke the advocates' cordon and chased them away with lathis. Two constables had suffered head injuries and their helmets were broken. I didn't recognize them, but they required urgent medical attention,\" he said. The two constables survived only thanks to their helmets which bore the brunt of the blows delivered by advocates who wielded chairs. The cops suffered head injuries.Constable A Chandrappa of KR Puram police station and head constable Narayanaswamy of Kodigehalli police station were first rushed to Victoria Hospital and then to Nimhans. Inspector VK Vasudev of KR Puram, attending to the constables at Nimhans, said they are out of danger.Cable TV On The BlinkCable TV networks were down in several areas of the city for over an hour on Friday, following rumours that they will have to face legal consequences for beaming scenes of the violence in City Civil Court complex. '' We stopped getting news and entertainment channels around 4.30pm. When I asked our cable TV operator, he said he didn't know why,\" said homemaker Meera Bai of Nandini Layout. Cable networks went blank in the Central Business District too. '' We suspect somebody forced cable operators to shut down the signals so that people wouldn't see the violence unfolding on the court premises,'' said Sreesh Babu who works on MG Road.A staffer at Bangalore Cable Network on Akkipet Main Road said cable operators were under tremendous pressure not to beam signals. \"It was mainly because of the trouble at the City Civil Court complex and to avoid rumours being spread ,\" he added. Cable networks resumed normal service around 5.30pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12116661", "title": "Deported German says was not given a chance to explain", "text": "CHENNAI: German national Sonnteg Reiner Hermann, who was deported for his alleged role in the ongoing agitation against the Kudankulam nuclear power project, has rubbished the charge that he was the mastermind behind the stir. In an email interview to Times Now channel on Friday, Hermann said he was not given any opportunity to respond to the charges against him before his deportation.He said he was picked up from a hotel room in Nagercoil by 10 policemen, served with deportation documents, asked to surrender his cellphone and forced to reveal the password of his laptop against all democratic norms. He denied that he was a conduit for financial support to the protests.He said he was neither sent by any anti-nuclear group in Germany nor was he close to S P Udayakumar, the activist spearheading the agitation. \"I am not, was not, and I just can't be any 'counsellor' or 'big brain in the background' for the anti-nuclear plant movement,\" he said, but admitted that he visited Udayakumar occasionally and exchanged information. \"I don't know any other leader involved in the agitation,\" he said.Replying to a question, Hermann said he had been to India around 15 times, visited Puducherry and preferred to stay in Nagercoil for its good climatic conditions. \"Once there was a big demonstration near the nuclear plant site which I attended,\" Hermann said, recalling that he had adhered to the protest route and was careful not to go anywhere near the nuclear plant as he knew Indian officials \"behaved strangely with foreigners with cameras\".Quizzed on the kind of support he was giving the anti-nuclear movement, the German computer programmer said: \"I don't know Tamil. Whenever there was any contact (with protesters), someone had to translate for me. I don't believe I really could contribute information to the movement even if I would have liked to\".\"I am not delegated by any German anti-nuclear group. My monetary budget does not include any space for funding groups or people and helping the poor. I never chanelled or transferred any money in the name of or for any foreign or local group or person or any NGO. I live from my own personal savings,\" he claimed.Hermann said he never asked Udayakumar how and where he earned his money. \"I don't know which German contact he has or if he gets any support from there. If there is German influence, for sure it's not from me. My impression always was that Udayakumar does not need any foreign source,\" he said.On his deportation, Hermann contended it could be because the Indian government would not have been able to substantiate charges against him in legal proceedings. \"It would make sense to get me out of the country as quick as possible. I just don't know what was happening there and I never was told, I never was given a chance to react\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12122030", "title": "SSC: City leads pack of crowded classrooms", "text": "MUMBAI: There was a time when the roll count in each class closed at 30. Then, over the years, three students were assigned one bench as classroom capacity rose. The population in schools across Mumbai has grown faster than the institutes and with space being a constraint, campuses have been forced to pack more kids within their existing walls.This year, on an average, there are at least 112 pupils who hope to pass out from each of the 3,337 schools of Mumbai. This is the average number of students taking the Secondary School Certificate exam from each school in the city, the highest when compared to other parts of the state. Mumbai's classrooms are followed by Pune, which stands far with its average of 87 students in class X in each of its 3,098 schools.Data from the previous years show that schools in Mumbai have been sending maximum students for the SSC exam in the state. But this year, it witnessed a major leap from an average of 93 students per school last year to 112 while the corresponding figures in Pune have risen from 77 to 87.Basanti Roy, educationist and former secretary of the Mumbai Divisional Board, said, there were many schools, especially in the suburbs that ran two institutions that were spread out during the day. \"There are many schools, especially in the suburbs, that run in shifts. So the same infrastructure is utilized for a larger number of students,\" she added.Sucheta Bhawalkar, principal of IES VN Sule High School, Dadar, said, \"Mumbai has the maximum number of job opportunities. People have high aspirations unlike in rural areas, where kids are mostly seen as resources in farm work.\"She added that after Sarva Shikshan Abhiyan, the Centre realized that only elementary education is not enough.Schools in Mumbai are also overcrowded. According to principal Nazma Kazi of Saif Tyabji Anjuman-I-Islam Girls High School, Byculla, \"Very few schools have maintained the ideal teacher-student ratio. Most schools, especially in thickly populated areas like the eastern suburbs, have over 90 students in each classroom.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "12116359", "title": "Curbs likely on Tirumala pilgrims", "text": "TIRUMALA: Flummoxed by the increasing number of pilgrims to the hill shrine everyday, the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD), that manages the temple, is mulling about restricting the number of pilgrims who would be allowed entry.The thinking in TTD is that it cannot ensure a 'satisfactory' darshan to the pilgrims if their numbers swell beyond 50,000.This view was expressed publicly by executive officer L V Subramanyam on Friday. This system of restricting pilgrims is followed by the authorities at Vaishno Devi temple in Jammu.\"Let me make it clear that TTD can facilitate a good and satisfactory darshan to the pilgrims only if the number does not exceed 40,000-50,000,\" he said during the 'Dial your EO' programme here on Friday while fielding questions from pilgrims.The number of pilgrims visiting the temple is between 60,000-70,000 everyday and on weekends and festival days, it touches a lakh. During Brahmotsavams and major festival days, the pilgrim rush goes beyond 1.2-1.5 lakh. \"Once the pilgrim rush is beyond 60,000, we are in trouble as providing darshan and accommodation to them becomes a herculean task for the board,\" the EO stated.He said TTD was seriously considering restricting the pilgrim numbers to 50,000. \"But whether people will accept these curbs is a million dollar question,\" he said. He appealed to the devout to write letters to TTD giving their feedback on the pilgrim influx issue which, he said, would spiral out of control in the next couple of years with Tirumala becoming more and more popular.\"In the recent times even foreigners have started visiting Tirumala and offering prayers inside the temple. Very recently we had devotees from Japan, Italy and Russia,\" he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12117049", "title": "Audio glitch: Congress apologizes to PM", "text": "PANAJI: Congress leaders apologised to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for a snag in the sound system that disrupted his speech at an election rally three days ago.Goa Pradesh Congress working president Francisco Sardinha blamed the contractor assigned the job to set up sound system for the audio glitch at Sanquelim on February 29. \"We are sorry to the Prime Minister for whatever happened,\" Sardinha said.He spoke with the Prime Minister about the technical snag and Singh said, \"It happens.\" The sound system failed at the rally and it took about 30 minutes to rectify the fault.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12116893", "title": "Bodies of two kids thrown off Borim bridge recovered", "text": "PONDA: The Ponda police on Friday retrieved bodies of the two children who were hurled to death from the Borim bridge into the waters of the river Zuari allegedly by their mother on Wednesday evening. The mother then ended her life by jumping into the same river.The bodies were found in the same place where the mother, Sejal Vishant Naik's body was found floating on Thursday. Surprisingly, the bodies of the children were retrieved 24 hours after the mother's body was recovered.Sejal, a 35-year-old woman from Adpai in Ponda, had allegedly hurled her children Kalpesh, 5, and Shweta, 3, to death. She later jumped into the river Zuari from the Borim bridge.Sources in the Adpai village said that the woman was depressed following the unnatural death of her husband Vishant two months ago. Her husband, Vishant Shankar Naik, 40, had hanged himself to death from a wooden rafter in the bedroom of his house at Adpai on December 30, 2011.After her husband's death, the woman had gone to her maiden house at Balli, Cuncolim. On Wednesday she returned to Adpai along with her mother. Soon after reaching Adpai, she rushed to Ponda for shopping. Later, she went to Borim along with her two children and allegedly committed suicide.The bodies of the deceased have been handed over to the Naik family after autopsies conducted at Goa Medical College and Hospital at Bambolim on Friday afternoon.Ponda police have registered the case as an 'unnatural death' under Section 174 of Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC), said sources.Sejal, a 35-year-old woman from Adpai, had allegedly hurled her children Kalpesh, 5, and Shweta, 3, to death. She later jumped into the river Zuari", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "new delhi/lucknow", "code": "12117986", "title": "Punters predict President's rule in UP", "text": "NEW DELHI/LUCKNOW: On the eve of the last phase of assembly polls in Uttar Pradesh, bookies in Lucknow and New Delhi are predicting a hung house with Samajwadi Party as the largest party and President's rule as the most likely scenario after March 6.The chances of central rule, as per the satta market in Lucknow, are between 80% and 84%. The odds on this are 1:1.1 - that is, if one puts Rs 1,000 on President's rule being clamped, one will get Rs 1,100 if it comes true. The second most probable option, according to the punters, is a Samajwadi Party-Congress alliance at 76%-79%. The odds being offered are 1:1.2.The third likely scenario, as bookies in Lucknow see it, is a BSP-Congress alliance which has a 45%-55% probability. It is inviting odds of 1:1.5. The chances of a BJP-BSP are seen as very remote, going by the 1:9 odds, while the odds on Congress and BJP joining hands are 1:100.Bookies in Lucknow are projecting Samajwadi Party's seat tally at 146 to 150. The odds fixed on this are 1:1.2. The expectation on the BSP's tally is 106-109 seats with odds of 1:1.5.Congress, according to bookies in Lucknow, could get 69-72 seats in the state assembly. The odds are 1:1.7. The BJP is placed fourth in their list with 56-59 seats and odds of 1:2.The expectation of bookies in Delhi is similar, with the lowest odds on the SP getting around 140 seats. The seat projection for the ruling BSP is around 120, while that for the Congress is around 70. These bookies too are placing the BJP in the fourth place, giving it a tally of 55-60 seats.A bookie in Delhi said, \"The bet for the Congress and the BJP is 3 and 4, respectively. This means if a person puts Rs 1,000 on the Congress and the party wins, he would get Rs 1,300. Similarly, he would win Rs 1,400 for a BJP majority. For the SP and the BSP, the winnings would be Rs 1,100 and Rs 1,200.If sources in the Delhi satta market are to be believed, around Rs 15 crore would be bet on the UP elections.Bookies avoid taking bets on next UP CMInterestingly, bookies are reluctant to take bets on who would be the next CM. Till Thursday, bids had not been opened for the CM's name among Lucknow bookies.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12122430", "title": "No short dresses and skin show, says Indu Thampi", "text": "Indu Thampi, the beauty queen-turned-actress, is passionate about acting no doubt.However, she is not planning to do back-to-back movies. \"I am choosy. I have set my own standards,\" says the young star.She also maintains that she won't do ultra-glamorous roles. \"I'm not comfortable wearing short dresses and too much skin show. So I will choose roles accordingly,\" says Indu, who is all set to make her Kollywood debut opposite Kishore Thampi, who is also a debutant actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12120568", "title": "Aamir Khan won\u2019t be a groupie", "text": "Aamir Khan refuses to give his hand imprints for the Bollywood Celebs Walk that is Riteish Deshmukh's brainchildIn a time when actors fell over each other to walk the red carpet at award ceremonies, Aamir Khan chose to stay away from the spotlight. The actor, who has refused to be a part of the 'crowd' more often than not, has now refused to be a part of Riteish Deshmukh's Legends Walk. Mumbai Mirror has learnt, that Aamir has refused to give hand imprints for the project.Interestingly, there is not one, but two projects on the lines of Hollywood Walk Of Fame being made simultaneously. While Riteish Deshmukh is building one, the other has been planned by UTV. And both teams were disappointed when they approached Aamir.When contacted, Aamir's spokesperson simply told us that the actor is currently not available for anything other than his debut television show. \"All requests that have been made to Aamir, regarding an event or a project have not even reached him. He is not available for anything but his show,\" said the spokesperson.While UTV's celebrity boulevard will reportedly be built in Bandstand, Bandra, Riteish's Celeb walk will be on the sea link. Aamir will however, not be a part of either. The actor's good friend Salman Khan too has refused to be a part of the Bandstand project. According to a source close to Salman's office, the actor refused to support UTV saying that he would only give his hands to his friend Riteish.According to our source, Riteish, who had been collecting the hand imprints of the stars in concrete slabs have also signed contracts with the actors. Some of the personalities whose handprints Riteish has already got include Amitabh Bachchan, Dharmendra, Rajesh Khanna, Salim Khan, Javed Akhtar, Shatrughan Sinha, Sadhana, Waheeda Rehman, Vinod Khanna, Zeenat Aman , Asha Bhonsle , Pran, Rishi Kapoor , Shashi Kapoor , Mithun Chakroborty and Dilip Kumar.Aamir Khan is not available for any event right now apart from his TV show", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12118557", "title": "Meanwhile, Reddy in custody till March 12", "text": "Former minister G Janardhana Reddy , who on any other day would have been headline news when he was brought to Bangalore from Hyderabad's Chanchalaguda jail after six months, was relegated to the inside pages following the clash between lawyers, mediapersons and police on Friday.Reddy was brought to Bangalore by CBI officers by road for hearing in the mining irregularities cases. The officers from Bangalore produced him before the additional civil and sessions court (special CBI court) judge Justice B M Angadi in the morning and moved an application seeking his custody. He was remanded to CBI custody till March 12.Reddy and 20 others, including his wife Lakshmi Aruna and former minister V Muniyappa, are the other accused. In October 2011, the CBI filed an FIR and conducted raids. The former minister and others are accused of illegalities in the operations of Associated Mining Company and Deccan Mining Syndicate, owned by Reddy and his wife. Reddy's associate Ali Khan was also remanded to judicial custody till March 12.Mediapersons were not allowed when the hearing began and those in the hall were asked to step out by the judge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117577", "title": "Two days after deadline, new autos shy away from e-meters", "text": "MUMBAI: For the second day in a row, no new auto rickshaw arrived at Wadala or Andheri regional transport office to instal an electronic meter, despite the government's diktat, making e-meters mandatory for new vehicles from March 1.\"It seems that passengers will have to wait for a long time to see e-meters in autos,\" said a senior RTO official. \"Brand new autos arrived at RTO test tracks on Friday, but with mechanical meters. We had to turn them away.\" Some drivers apparently tried hard to get mechanical meters installed in their new autos, but RTO officials have strict instructions from transport commissioner V N More to follow the rule.Besides new autos, the existing 1.05 lakh old ones will have to switch to the electronic gadgets from April 1.According to an RTO inspector, the drivers who are staying away from installing e-meters are waiting for the high court verdict on the compulsion of it, the next hearing of which is on March 14. \"But how long will they wait? Those who have bought new autos will have to pay EMIs. It will be wise of them to fix e-meters and start business,\" he said.Even union leader Sharad Rao admitted that several drivers had postponed their plan to buy new autos, waiting for the e-meter verdict. \"They do not want to end up with e-meters. We have faith in the judiciary,\" said Rao, who has challenged the procedure that the state followed before issuing the notification on e-meters.Another auto union leader fear that if every auto does switch over to the electronic gadget, there would be a shortage in supply, given the \"few number of suppliers\". \"About 400-500 autos arrive at Andheri and Wadala RTOs daily for fitness test. This means, from April, at least 400 new e-meters will be required every day. The RTO does not even have the manpower to handle the task,\" the source added. Echoing him, union leader Thampy Kurian said, \"More than 2.5 lakh e-devices are needed in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region and more than 8 lakh in the state. I also doubt if there is a good mechanism to test all the meters.\" He has also filed a petition in court, challenging that e-meters cannot be easily be tampered with.Consumer activist Shirish Deshpande said the state should set up a camp for drivers/owners to buy e-meters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12117003", "title": "Natarajan implicated in one more land grab case", "text": "TRICHY: M Natarajan faces the prospect of arrest in one more case of land grab, as a real estate agent Varadarajan from Trichy, registered a complaint with the City Crime Branch on Thursday evening against Natarajan and six others over an unfinished land deal involving a payment of Rs 1.60 crore.Curiously, though Natarajan and his associates, two of whom are sons of his elder sister Rajalakhsmi, were accused of grabbing the seven acre land using their political might, it later transpired that there was no record to show that the land actually belonged to Natarajan himself. A CCB source said the land in question originally belonged to a Trichy-based Patel who sought the help of Rajalakhsmi's sons - Suresh and Kumar - who were accused of getting a payment amounting to a total of Rs 1.60 crore over a period of time until September, 2011, on the promise of registering the seven acre land in the name of N Varadarajan, the complainant in the case.On the record, a case under sections 147, 323, 120B, 406, 420, and 506 part-I have been registered against M Natarajan, S Suresh, S Kumar, Saran, Chelladurai, Ananda Krishnan and the last three were arrested and produced before Judicial Magistrate IV on Friday. Trichy cantonment inspector Sigamani who is at present in-charge of the City Crime Branch following the nabbing of CCB inspector Neethimohan by DAVC on charges of accepting bribe on February 16, said M Natarajan himself would be formally arrested from the Trichy Central Prison on Monday following the two days of intervening holidays and he would be produced before the magistrate. Inspector Sigamani told TOI that it was a genuine case in the sense that the cash had changed hands from the complainant to Natarajan's real estate agents.Sigamani himself termed the case as a highly sensitive one and would not reveal much except that the complainant who was hitherto sulking in silence came forward to file his complaint against Natarajan and company now that he had been caged. Interestingly, Suresh who was already wanted by the police in the first case against Natarajan, is at present absconding.A source close to the development told TOI that cash amounting to Rs 1.60 crore had been paid to Natarajan's coterie since 2007 in several installments and the complainant kept paying, lest he faced the prospect of not getting the land registered in his name. The land is said to be worth Rs 20 crore today, and the allegation was that Varadarajan was hoodwinked into silence after getting paid a compensation of Rs four lakh when he demanded to either register the land in his name, or return the money in good faith.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12117024", "title": "Central Coalfields Ltd to give thurst on workers\u2019 welfare in 2012-13", "text": "RANCHI: Central Coalfields Ltd (CCL) will focus on improving the standard of living of its workers and families displaced owing to mining operations and those living in command area, in the coming financial year, 2012-13. Newly appointed chairman-cummanaging director (CMD) of CCL Gopal Singh said the company will celebrate the next financial year as \"Sanjeevani Varsh\".It will spend at least Rs 5 per tonne of coal excavated on welfare of workers and displaced families with focus on development of children. Singh, for the first time, interacted with the media on Friday after taking over as CMD. It may be mentioned here that CCL, a subsidiary of Coal India Ltd, is one of the major coal producers of the country and has a target to produce around 49 million tonnes.The company has already produced around 40.53 million tones of coal.\"The company will strive to bring positive changes in the lives of people associated with us with a focus on children. We want that they should get the best education so that they can contribute towards the development of the state and country,\" said Singh. Sources in CCL said outsourced agencies contribute 35% of the production target. This year, these agencies produced over 13 million tones of coal.\"The focus of new CMD is to bring about change in the lives of displaced and those living in the command area, because most of the people work in outsourced agencies, engaged by the company in mining. It is expected that if the company takes care of the workers' welfare, they will work more sincerely and help in further augmentation of production,\" it added.This became evident when the CMD expressed his desire to make CCL a coal-producing subsidiary of CIL. \"We have been endowed with huge coal reserve and people of Jharkhand are very laborious and dedicated. Yet CCL is at number four among the CIL subsidiaries. We will strive to make CCL the No. 1,\" said Singh. He also promised to revive the group insurance scheme for the employees, which was discontinued after 2010. \"The director (personnel) is working on it and we expect that it will be revived within a couple of months,\" Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12117586", "title": "Expect cops to act more quickly now", "text": "VADODARA: Next time you call up police control room to report any incident, the cops will land up swiftly at the spot. In a bid to improve on its reaction time, the city police have taken up modernisation of the control room that handles most calls and complaints. The cops are planning to reduce paper work by computerizing the control room located in Police Bhavan under their Dial 100 project.The control room has eight dedicated lines for registering complaints and two of them have been computerized. City police commissioner Satish Sharma is making efforts to make all the eight lines computerized. Presently, when the control room gets a complaint call, one police constable notes the complaint on a piece of paper and passes it on to another cop, who is equipped with the wireless.He then calls up cops moving around in mobile patrolling van and asks them to reach the spot of the incident. After dealing with the complaint, the patrolling van officials report back to the cop with wireless who then passes on the message on a piece of paper to another policeman. \"The present system is time consuming and not very accurate when it comes to recording time of response. Once the system is computerized, a cop will enter the complaint in a computer that will send message online to the cop with wireless. And, we will also be able to record response time accurately,\" Sharma told TOI.Also, Sharma is planning to have dedicated mobile phones for the mobile patrolling vans. The control room can then directly call up the patrolling officials instead of passing on the message through wireless. \"We want to make the system swift like 108 services. Also, once computerized, we will able to analyze the number of calls and their nature. The staff in our control room has already been trained for using the software,\" Sharma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12116605", "title": "\u2018Neonatal nurses need good training\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Providing quality training for nurses is essential to ensure better care for newborn babies, said international specialists who are in town for a two-day conference on neonatology. Speaking at a press conference on Friday, members of the international faculty said that a nurse plays a key role in providing timely care to newborns in case of emergencies.The conference being held at Nice Hospital, Masab Tank, from March 2 to 4 is focusing on the theme: 'Neuroprotective care in neonates and advances in neonatology'. With around 17 visitors from three countries, United Kingdom , USA and Canada , the conference will attempt to create a forum for sharing knowledge in neonatology among the participants. Dr N Venkata Raju, consultant neonatologist from Texas , USA said, \"It is very important to make sure that our nurses are skilled and empowered to ensure better care to newborns and their mothers.\" Elaborating the role of nurses, Dr Cheryl A Cipriani, another neonatologist from Texas, USA said, \"Nurse practitioners are very skilled in transportation of the newborns in emergencies and resuscitation, hence contribute a great deal to their survival.\" Apart from nurse practitioners, another concept that the speakers will introduce to participants is that of the perinatologist who specialises in a subspecialty of obstetrics concerned with the care of the foetus and complicated, high-risk pregnancies. The specialists also shared with participants their experience in having successfully treated and saved babies that were born prematurely at 23 weeks gestation and weighed less than 400 grams. They said that they wanted to bring the same expertise and technology to India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12117886", "title": "Wrong blood transfusion was second in a span of five months", "text": "MUMBAI: The alleged negligence at Jaslok Hospital where a 21-year-old cancer patient was transfused wrong blood does not seem to be a standalone case. The hospital admitted in an internal report that this was the \"second case in a span of five months\".The internal report, prepared after the death of cancer patient Deepti Makhijani, was recently accessed by the deceased's father Narendra through an RTI application. The report was prepared at the insistence of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), which demanded to know why Deepti given the B positive blood instead of A positive in October last year. She died in December following which the accusations of negligence began. The FDA last month had suspended the hospital's licence for 15 days, starting March 27.The internal report stated that a similar error was recorded by the authorities on June, 2011. The report, bearing the signature of hospital's medical director S K Mohanty, read, \"There was lack of supervision by the senior sister, particularly when important procedure like blood collection and transfusion, are concerned. Since this is the second such incidence within 5 months on the 9th floor, the last being on June 25, the senior staff nurse needs to supervise and train the junior staff.\"The report stated that the hospital had initiated action against nurses by deducting a day's salary and issuing warning letters. But Narendra said he wanted strict action against the doctors, too. Mohanty did not want to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12118030", "title": "Chaos as 35 students of Std X fail to take mathematics paper", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Utter chaos prevailed as 35 standard X students of St Michael School could not appear for the mathematics paper of CBSE board examination on Friday allegedly due to the lethargic attitude of the educational institution.The school gave the forms and fees to Shantanu Shah, an agent, who was to deposit them with the CBSE board. But he fled with original documents and fee amount. Admission cards did not reach the school even before the start of the examination at 10.30am on Friday. Frustrated, parents and students staged a protest.Parents later took up the issue with the district administration in the evening. Collector Pravin Badkelwar summoned school principal Ranjana Motghare. The administration also talked with board officials. However, the deadlock was resolved in the afternoon after a lot of political pushing and the CBSE board taking cognizance.The school will now hold the examination as per the regular time table with the question paper to be provided by the CBSE board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12118080", "title": "Activists, professsionals can now find place in NMC", "text": "NAGPUR: Now, not only political leaders but NGO activists, professionals and retired top-cadre officials may also find place in the house of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC). For the first time, the state government has framed rules and made it mandatory for political parties to select such personalities for posts of nominated corporators.The NMC house will comprise of 151 corporators; 145 elected and five nominated. Earlier, there were no rules regarding the five nominated corporators. The political party securing highest number of corporators used to nominate political leaders who had either lost or sacrificed their seat for some other person.Now, on the lines of rules in parliament and state legislature, the state government has framed rules for NMC.The notification dated February 28 says that nominated corporators may be registered medical practitioners or educationists, including retired professor, lecturer, principal, headmaster etc from a recognized school or college, chartered accountant or cost accountant, engineer holding degree from a recognized university, retired municipal commissioner or assistant commissioner or an office bearer of a NGO registered with the Bombay Public Trusts Act 1950. All these should have minimum five years experience in their field.Now, it is up to the political parties to select individuals with these qualifications. As per the results, BJP will get to nominated three corporators while Congress will get to name two.The new rules have come as a minor setback to political leaders eyeing a berth in the house. It would have been a major setback if the option of NGO activists was not provided. Many political leaders are registered members of NGOs.For example, outgoing corporator from Khamla Prakash Totwani, who sacrificed his seat for BJP city vice-president Girish Deshmukh, is one of the three probables for nominated corporatorship. He is eligible under the new rules as office bearer of Sindh Mata Mandal since 1997.Another good news for NGO activists is that three of them can also become members of the 10 zone committees.The notification has also brought some interesting changes in appointment of five nominated corporators. Now, the corporators have to be nominated in the first meeting of general body, where mayor and deputy mayor will also be elected, which will on March 5 this time.BJP city president Anil Sole has expressed dismay at the notification. \"Government has framed the new rules after elections. It will create confusion since political calculations will get upset. If it had been before elections, there would be no problems. Besides, it may not be possible to name nominated corporators on March 5, since the agenda for the meeting has already been issued,\" he said.Leader of opposition Vikas Thakre though welcomed the new rules. \"It is an excellent decision as educated and professionals may give good ideas and raise public issues,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12118556", "title": "Bar-coded movie tickets introduced to curb fraud", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A bar-coded ticket scanning system has been launched at the Sree theatre here by the minister for cinema K B Ganesh Kumar on Friday.The system has been introduced on a trial basis and will be gradually extended to other theatres run by the Kerala State Film Development Corporation ( KSFDC).The system, which is being introduced for the first time in the state, has been developed by KELTRON. It works on a network that involves a scanner and a main server. The ticket issued by the printer will be scanned at the entrance of the screening hall. The bar code in the ticket will be read and all the data will be sent to the server. All details like the number of tickets sold for each show and the revenue generated can be accessed instantly through this mechanism.The producer of a film will be allotted with a log in and he can garner the information using the server.It could also prevent tax-evasions by theatre owners. Since all the data regarding the daily collection report (DCR) get stored in the system instantaneously, any possible fraud can easily be averted. Wireless scanners or hand-held scanners will also be introduced in near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "12116710", "title": "Kanna outwits Rayapati &amp; Dokka", "text": "GUNTUR: In a virtual show of strength, agriculture minister Kanna Lakshminarayana stole the thunder from his arch rivals in the party, Rayapati Sambasiva Rao and Dokka Manikya Varaprasad, during the whirlwind tour of Lok Sabha speaker Meira Kumar here on Friday.He stayed away from the hectic assembly session for two days by getting permission from the CM to make the programme a success. Anticipating the absence of local Congress MP Rayapati, Kanna lined up two MPs --Kavuri Sambasiva Rao and Lagadapati Rajagopal from Kamma community - at the speaker's programme. In addition, he prevailed upon his political mentor and former TDP MP Yelamanchili Sivaji to translate Meira Kumar's public address into Telugu.Meira Kumar herself showered praise on the minister saying that his 'commitment' and dedication to the welfare of Dalits was reflected in the enthusiasm of locals. Meira Kumar's tour was mired in controversy ever since she had agreed to visit Guntur to unveil a statue of her late father Babu Jagjivan Ram as the entire schedule was finalised at the behest of Kanna Lakshminarayana.In an attempt to scuttle Kanna's attempts, Rayapati wrote a letter to Meira with a request to postpone the tour. He had also tried to pressure her by informing her that he would be out of the city during her visit. Subsequently, rural development minister Dokka lobbied for cancellation of the programme as the statue of Jagjivan Ram was donated by his rival and Supreme Court advocate Pushpa.Dokka, hailing from Madiga community, has good contacts with Meira Kumar, who helped his rise in politics thanks to his community connections. Sensing trouble, Kanna got the arrangements made by an NGO, All-India Samata movement led by Pushpa. By giving importance to the NGO, Kanna succeeded in getting the names of his rivals deleted from the list of invitees. Dokka cried foul. \"I have not received any invitation. Perhaps, they (NGO) did not bother to invite me as the function was not organized in my constituency,\" said Dokka. Sources said Kanna's attempt to install Jagjivan Ram statue was made only to take on Dokka. \"Kanna wanted to put an end to Dokka's interference in his constituency affairs in the guise of Dalit rights by making Meira Kumar's visit a prestigious programme,\" insiders in Kanna camp said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "sitamarhi/muzaffarpur", "code": "12116941", "title": "Denied levy, \u2018Maoists\u2019 kill 2 in Sitamarhi", "text": "SITAMARHI/MUZAFFARPUR: Four suspected Maoists riding two motorcycles ambushed a Bolero jeep at Belsand Bazaar in Sitamarhi district on Friday morning and sprayed bullets from sophisticated weapons, killing two employees of a construction firm for its failure to pay \" levy\" to the ultra-leftists.The deceased included S P Singla Company's project manager Ganga Bakhsh Singh, 55, and junior engineer Vikas Mishra, 26. While they died on the spot, engineer Ramadhar Pandey was injured and later rushed to S K Medical College &amp; Hospital at Muzaffarpur.As a contractor of the Bihar Pul Nirman Nigam, the Singla company is constructing a bridge over the Bagmati at Mararghat, 4km from Belsand, at an estimated cost of Rs 67 crore. The Maoists had allegedly demanded 10% of the cost as \"levy\".Singh along with the engineers was on the way from his home at Belsand to the construction site. No sooner did their jeep reached the Project High School campus than the waiting Maoists stopped the vehicle and rained bullets on it. The driver escaped unhurt.Singh belonged to Lucknow and Mishra to Bahraich in UP. Pandey hails from Chandauli near Mughalsarai. According to Dr Sunil Shahi of the Muzaffarpur hospital, Pandey is now out of danger after a surgery. The bullet had hit his right arm and hurt the bone.The company, headquartered in Delhi, has been engaged in the bridge construction work for the last two years. The Maoists had earlier attacked the construction site twice after which a posse of 40 Special Auxiliary Police jawans was deployed at the site. \"Probably this is why the manager and engineers were targeted away from the site,\" a police officer said.However, Tirhut range DIG B S Meena and Sitamarhi SP Vivek Kumar said police were not sure if it was a Maoist operation or a handiwork of criminals. Unlike Maoists, the killers did not leave behind any leaflet nor did they raise slogans, they said.But villagers told visiting journalists the killers did raise slogans in favour of CPI (Maoist) while retreating but they did not reveal this to police to avoid risks. The SP also said the sophisticated weapons used in the crime are generally not owned by criminals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "panaji/margao", "code": "12117251", "title": "Sardinha confident Cong-NCP will pick up 21 to 23 seats", "text": "PANAJI/MARGAO: The Congress-NCP alliance will win 21 to 23 seats and form the government on its own, chief minister Digambar Kamat and state presidents of both the parties said on Friday.\"The people have realized that if they want stability, harmony and peace, which are the criteria for development and happiness, then the only alternative for them is the Congress\", working president of Goa Pradesh Congress committee Francisco Sardinha and state president of NCP Surendra Sirsat said. At a press conference, the leaders made a strong appeal to the electorate to re-elect the Congress-NCP alliance to power for stability and progress.Responding to queries on the government's stability, Kamat said that coalition government was now a reality everywhere in India and in Goa with an alliance with NCP, MGP and independent he did face rough weather but had managed to solve all issues.Kamat further stated that the party if elected again would still pursue the public's demand for special status He further stated that UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi never promised to grant special status when she was in Goa 5 years ago but had promised to take up the issue which she had done.Party spokesman Mauvin Godinho, expressing confidence of victory, drew out the knives against the BJP. In an obvious reference to opposition leader Manohar Parrikar, Godinho said, \"By projecting a few minority candidates, he thinks he will win. But people will not forget his RSS background and his communal leanings.\"He said that the only time the BJP came to power was when then-chief minister Francisco Sardinha went on a foreign tour and Manohar Parrikar formed the government through \"treachery\" and backstabbing. \"The most important thing is to preserve the secular fabric of our society,\" Godinho said.Godinho claimed that even the BJP national president Nitin Gadkari has advised Parrikar to mix around more with people. It is the Congress that gave India the Right to Information Act due to which people can ask questions. The Congress will be more transparent in the future,\" Godinho said.GPCC working president Francisco Sardinha made a strong appeal to the electorate to re-elect the Congress-NCP alliance to power for \"stability and progress\"Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12116990", "title": "Churchill certain of Cong\u2019s win", "text": "MARGAO: PWD minister Churchill Alemao on Friday exuded confidence that the Congress would form the new government by winning at least 22 seats in the March 3 polls even as he predicted that the Congress' partner in the pre-poll alliance, the MGP, will bag at least four seats.\"People want development and Congress is the only party which can bring about development without any discrimination. People have realized that it's only the Congress party that has the capacity to deliver the goods and work for the welfare of the poor,\" Alemao said.Brushing aside all speculations that he was having a tough time in Navelim constituency, Alemao said that those were all rumours spread by his opponents and that he would win by at least 8,000 votes.Voicing his contempt against criticism against the family raj, Alemao said that the voters would silence his critics. \"My daughter Valanka and I are contesting, my brother Joaquim and his son Yuri is contesting, Pratapsingh Rane and his son (Vishwajeet) are also contesting. I am confident all of these will win,\" Alemao said.Replying to a query, he admitted that there were various forces working against him but stressed that it would make no difference to his prospects.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12119130", "title": "Vendor development programme in Belgaum", "text": "BELGAUM: Belgaum Small Scale Industries Association (BSSIA) will organize 'Vendor Development Programme-2012', a conference-cum-exhibition on March 6 and 7, jointly with the MSME Development Institute, Hubli, department of industries and corporation, and District Industries Centre of Belgaum at the foundry cluster hall at Udyambag in Belgaum. Basavaraj Javali, president of BSSIA said that, the programme is designed to demonstrate the global competitiveness of the micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12117068", "title": "XLRI meet focuses on microfinance", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The Day Two of the ongoing meet on financial inclusion at the premier business school, XLRI, deliberated on the tools to empower the educated unemployed youths, especially in the rural periphery of the country. In his speech, P K Saha, chief general manager (CGM) of Small Industries Bank of India (Sidbi), said the institution was focusing on promoting the entrepreneurship skills among the educated unemployed youths and has thus far received a good response.\"In the backdrop of limited jobs availability in the country, Sidbi is working closely with concerned quarters in promoting entrepreneurship among the educated unemployed youths and low-income groups across all the states,\" said Saha. He said over 1.7 crore people have benefited from various loan schemes available with Sidbi in empowering themselves financially.Currently, about 31 lakh small scale units (SSI) are operating in the country with the full assistance of the Sidbi. He said with the advent of the technology, the world of entrepreneurship has received a boost. However, a large area is still left out where technology could be brought into use for better integration between the institution and the target beneficiaries.Highlighting on the importance of the micro finance, the CGM said Sidbi has been very effective in the promotion and development of the SSIs. \"Microfinance has helped in identifying and promoting the low-income groups and has been instrumental in empowering them through various micro-finance schemes,\" said Saha. Ashish Chauhan, deputy CEO, Bombay Stock Exchange, will deliver his speech on the subject of financial inclusion on the last and concluding day of the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12116899", "title": "Madurai reels under 10-hour power cuts", "text": "MADURAI: The Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation (TANGEDCO) has backed on its promise on the power shutdowns much to the discomfort of the people of Madurai who are reeling under the effect of ten-hour cuts which is making it difficult to tackle the sweltering heat.All most all urban pockets are hit by the ten-hour cuts without even one of the shutdowns being as per schedule. In places like Thapalthanthi Nagar, Aathikulam, Gomathypuram and Vilapuram, the power goes off thrice in the night, affecting the sleep of all sections of people.Says, D Gomathy of Villapuram, \"I heaved a sigh of relief when I read about the two -hour cuts for Chennai and four hours for the state, but there seems to be much ado about nothing. Why do they want to cheat the people,\" she said.Not everybody is able to invest in invertors and mothers and students are getting stressed, according to K Latha, a teacher from Thiruparankundram. She has parents approaching her and asking her to take tuitions from 6 am to 6 pm, for their children who are sittring for their SSLC examinations. \"They don't realise that a lot of stress will reflect in their results,\" she said.\"The power went off at 9.45 pm, came on at 10.45 pm, went off again at 12.45 pm, came on at 1.40 am and then went off at 5 am. My elderly mother could not sleep in spite of her sleeping tablets because my infant son kept crying throughout the night,\" said N Satheesh of Gomathypuram.\"People are fed up with the government which is blaming its predecessor without coming out with a solution. It might as well use the money spent on distributing freebies to enhance power production through new projects,\" said A Asokan of Bibikulam.S Usha of Chinnachockikulam says an invertor for each house could be the best freebie under the current crisis. \"At least, people of Sankarankoil can make these demands as they have the closest call,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12120605", "title": "Delhi Belly team back with next", "text": "Imran Khan and Ranbir Kapoor took the 2009 Filmfare awards to a new level with their sparkling chemistry.Reports claimed that they were planning a project together but nothing materialsied. However, director Abhinay Deo of Delhi Belly fame wants to cash in on their on screen magic in his next project, which is a laugh riot, again.Currently in London, Deo confirmed the story, saying, \"I loved their chemistry in Filmfare awards but it's too early to talk about the casting. However, they would be a dream cast.\"A source close to Deo revealed that he took his time penning his next film because he wanted it to be bigger than his debut film. He had many offers from well-known production houses but he politely refused to concentrate on finishing his script.\"While writing the script, he had already kept in mind Imran and Ranbir's chemistry. He has given Imran a superhit with Delhi Belly and will be meeting him soon to discuss this project. In the interim, he will meet Ranbir soon for a script-reading session.\"Deo is first committed to Anil Kapoor for directing the Indian version of the American television series 24. Post that, he will start filming his next film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12116597", "title": "Reality show singer dies in road accident", "text": "HYDERABAD: A reality show singer, who was a pillion rider, died after her two-wheeler was hit by an Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC) bus near Paradise on Friday.Mahankali police said that Vyshnavi,19, was going on a two-wheeler along with her uncle, Prasad, near CTO, Paradise. An APSRTC bus belonging to Ranigunj bus depot hit the two-wheeler on the rear side. \"She was shifted to a hospital where she succumbed to injuries while under going treatment,'' Mahankali sub-inspector K Ravi Kumar said.Police said that Vyshnavi, a native of Guntur, came to Hyderabad for attending some personal work and was staying at Prasad's residence for thepast few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12118520", "title": "Temperature soars to 36 degrees in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Weather has a mixed bag for Karnataka this season. While Bangalore is scorching at 36 degrees Celsius, Belgaum airport recorded a minimum temperature of 8.4 degree Celsius on Friday, the lowest for March in 60 years. The same day, the district saw maximum temperature rising to 36.6 degrees.The meteorological department has predicted similar weather conditions for the next few days as summer is setting in the state. \"The temperatures in the plains will rise to 40-42 degrees Celsius by March end and April. Bangalore, being on a higher altitude, will be spared from severe heat wave, but the temperature in the city will hover around 36 to 38 degrees Celsius,\" said a duty officer at the met department. Lower temperature is measured before sunrise and highest temperature in the afternoon.Blame It On Less RainWeather experts are also blaming a less active monsoon this year. Bangalore has not received showers since October, except the cyclonic showers. Less rainfall has led to more radiation and severe heat wave. Temperature starting rising since second week of January and will continue to rise till third week of March.B Puttanna, director, Bangalore met department , blamed low humidity and clear skies for the dry and hot weather. \"Dry and hot wind blowing from land and clear skies reduce moisture in the air and weather becomes hotter,\"he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-03-03"}
