{"city": "chennai", "code": "13541806", "title": "No cheating on fees, Tamil Nadu government tells colleges", "text": "CHENNAI: As the admission season kicks into gear, for the first time the state government has asked arts and science colleges to specify the fee structure in their prospectus. Issuing the admission guidelines for 2012-13, the Directorate of Collegiate Education also held the college principal and admissions committee responsible for any violation.In many colleges, 'prescribed fees' is the only information available at the time of applying for a course. The fee structure remains a secret until the student gains admission.This is set to change, with the state including a new clause in the guidelines for admission to under-graduate and post-graduate courses. \"Transparent exhibition of the fee structure for various courses in the prospectus\" is among the new stipulations.\"Middle class parents may know how much higher education costs these days. But for a first generation learner, 15,000 may be a big amount to pay. These regulations will save gullible parents and students from being exploited,\" said a professor in a leading city college.Fees have long been a subject of contention. In 2010, the Tamil Nadu Catholic Minorities Welfare Association in Choolaimedu filed a petition in the Madras high court alleging that Loyola College collected 5,146 a semester against the prescribed 265 for a BA course conducted with government aid, and 10,000 a year from BSc students against 500. Following this, the court restrained it from collecting excess fees in academic year 2011-12, saying a college that receives aid from the government should not collect excess fees from students.Colleges said the government fee structure was laughable. \"Even a textbook costs more than 500 now. How can we run a college on fees which have not been revised since the 1990s?\" asked a college principal.A transparent fee structure is not a novel idea altogether. \"Till the last decade, colleges published the fee structure in the prospectus, but now they don't. Though they have not been revised for a long time, colleges have not stuck to this fee structure. The guidelines come a bit late as many colleges have already started issuing applications, but we hope they will at least put up the information on the notice board now,\" said Association of University Teachers president K Pandiyan.The admission guidelines 2012-13 also insists that admissions for aided courses are to be conducted before admissions for self-financing courses, and that students must not be compelled to buy more than one application form to apply for various courses in order of preference. The guidelines have also specified that senior teaching faculty be part of the admissions committee in the college. The state has also fixed the responsibility for ensuring a smooth and corruption-free admission process, saying, \"The principal of the college and the admission committees will be responsible for any violations.\"The colleges also have to adhere to the state rules of reservation while making admissions. This means that 50% of the seats in aided minority colleges like Loyola College, Stella Maris College and New College, and 90% of seats in aided non-minority colleges must be filled based on the reservation rules. In unaided self-financing colleges and in unaided courses offered by aided colleges 50% of the seats must be filled using the reservation formula.The state government has also asked colleges to put up details of the number of seats sanctioned for the course, number of seats filled up, number of students selected in the list with rank marks, number of seats still vacant and particulars of candidates selected under each category (OC/BC/MBC) in the selection list.The directorate of collegiate education has also set up redressal boxes at the six regional offices across the state to receive complaints regarding the admission process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "gulbarga", "code": "13546798", "title": "15 in fray for polls to graduate constituency", "text": "GULBARGA: The process of filing of nomination papers for North East graduates constituency has been completed and polling will be held on June 10.Regional commissioner K Rathnaprabha told that Saturday was the last day for withdrawal of nomination and 15 candidates are left in the fray. Only one independent candidate Sopan Rao withdrew his nomination.Karnataka Handloom Development Corporation managing director Mohammed Mohsin has been appointed as election observer for North East graduates constituency. If people find any violation of model code of conduct, they may complaint to the election observer , officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13547836", "title": "Peoples Liberation Front of India's zonal leader &amp; 6 cadres held with arms", "text": "RANCHI: Ranchi police on Saturday arrested six members of the Peoples Liberation Front of India (PLFI) and its zonal commander with six rifles, two revolvers and hundreds of bullets from Mahuazari village, 40km away from Ranchi.PLFI zonal commander Dhaneshwar Yadav alias Kargil Yadav is accused of various crimes. The arrested are Mohan Ram alias Machhar, Varun Yadav, Prem Yadav, Pintu Oraon, Vijay Oraon and Sanjeev Oraon.\"The rebels were on their way to Khelari block, some 60km away from here, where they were planning to unleash violence,\" Ranchi SSP Saket Kumar Singh said. A total of 16 bullets of AK47, 43 bullets of SLR, 196 bullets of 315, dress, training books, Naxalite pamphlets, eight mobile phones were recovered from them.The rebels recently purchased the arms from PLFI leader Dinesh Gope in Simdega at a cost of Rs 3.5 lakh. They were carrying the arms to Khelari through fields and jungles on foot. The distance between Bedo and Khelari is around 45km.Acting on a tip-off, Ranchi police had deployed policemen on all roads leading to Khelari. The search operation continued throughout the night on Friday.The PLFI cadres had a meeting with another leader Jetha in Bedo on Friday night and had hidden in a house on Saturday following a police vigil but they were greeted by thick police presence in Mandar.On suspicion, police searched each house in Mahuazari village. The rebels were hiding in a pucca house of one Sanjeev Oraon. The house was locked from outside to fool police. An FIR was lodged against the rebels with Mandar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13548674", "title": "Digging of roads seems to be endless project, say people", "text": "KANPUR: The ongoing digging of roads in the city has affected traffic movement in various areas. The people are finding it difficult to commute on the dug-up roads, which are already encroached by fruits and vegetable sellers and other vendors.The people residing near Bada Chauraha are suffering from the digging work since the past one year. The main road near Bada Chauraha was dug-up several times from June last year for various reasons.\"Last year, the road outside Z-square mall was dug-up for lying pipelines in summers. Then in monsoon, the road caved in and was repaired again. It was repaired again after another accident made. This is the fourth time in a year that the road has is again being dug-up,\" said Swati, a resident of Shivalaya.Serpentine queues of vehicles can be witnessed on this busy crossing throughout the day. The locals rued over the district administration do not make an alternate routes for commuters.Similar is the scene in Ashok Nagar, where traffic snarls are common. The lanes and bylanes in Kidwai Nagar, where several patches have been dug up for laying of sewer pipelines, witness traffic snarls daily.Commuters are facing difficulty while navigating through the road in Ashok Nagar as a large portion of it had been dug up for lying sewage pipelines. Though the pipeline has to be laid within the area of Ashok Nagar, but the work is disturbing the traffic coming from Gumti and Motijheel. The road remained choked with slow moving traffic throughout the day.In Kidwai Nagar, the main road leading to the locality has been dug at many places. The large heap of soil has amplified the problems of residents. The road has been dug up in such a way that there is hardly any space for vehicles to pass through the Chalis Dukan market. An arterial road witnesses traffic congestions. This is the route for all the local and roadways buses to reach Jhakarkati bus stop.Criticizing the Kanpur Municipal Corporation, Sarita, a resident of Ashok Nagar, said: \"Earlier, we had to move on bad roads. And now, the digging exercise for lying of sewer lines has worsened the situation. There is hardly any space to move vehicles.\"Sonal, a resident of Kidwai Nagar, said, \"The soil has filled our houses with dust. The heaps are so big that it is almost impossible to move on them. The Kanpur Municipal Corporation should make arrangements for undertaking repair of the dug up roads before the monsoon season.\"A shop owner at 40 Dukan said that initially the KMC officials said that this digging work will be finished in a fortnight. \"I am seeing it as an endless project running since the past two months. Due to broken footpaths, it is a hard task to move ahead,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13539053", "title": "Protesting hackers target social sites on RComm platform", "text": "MUMBAI: Hacker group Anonymous OpIndia attacked ISP (Internet Service Provider) Reliance Communications on Friday night and Saturday. Users of the service who tried to access popular websites like Facebook, Twitter, Yahoo and Gmail instead saw a message from the hackers announcing their protest against their \"freedom being taken away\".Anonymous OpIndia has previously attacked portals of the government and private organizations to protest against all kinds of censorship. The attack on R-Com was triggered when Anonymous India's found its Twitter account had been blocked.Among other things, the message displayed to Reliance users said, \"We tried to do a slow, non-violent protest and government decided to cover our mouths. We will not sit idle while our freedom is taken away. When we started to speak the truth, the government of India forced our online Twitter account @Opindia_revenge to be suspended.\"The message went on to attack private organizations, the government, opposition parties as well as and the media. However, it also had links to redirect users to the site they were trying to access. Releasing admin logs from servers they hacked at http://pastehtml.com/view/bz8kycy0o.html, Anonymous OpIndia alleged that Reliance had blocked certain web pages, including the Facebook pages of staff protesting against Air India.\"We have investigated the matter and confirm that all R-Com servers and websites are intact and have required preventive measures in place for intrusions,\" said a Reliance Communications spokesperson.Anonymous OpIndia also issued an ultimatum to the government to unblock all file-sharing websites as well as any other website that might have been restricted by ISPs and the government. The group has set up a Facebook page titled 'Occupy India #protest for internet freedom (File Sharing Websites Blocked)', which calls for a physical protest next month.Speaking to TOI, Anonymous said, \"June 9 is the deadline for the government to unblock the sites - all of them. If they will not do it, they will be badly hit by us. A lot of defacements of government websites will happen. Many physical protests will take place.\"Dr Gulshan Rai, Director-General at Computer Emergency Response Team India (CERT-In), said, \"The government is not involved in the blocking of websites. It was an order issued by the courts and the government has had no part in it.\"Responding to the ultimatum from Anonymous, he said, \"I deplore the threats issued by the hackers and the attacks carried out by them on IT infrastructure over the past weeks. We will protect all the government websites from any hacker attacks, as we have done in the past.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13542923", "title": "Investors will return If India grows At 7%", "text": "The free fall of the rupee and the fact that foreign investors are refusing to buy the 'India Shining' story is worrying. But Chakravarthy Rangarajan , chairman of the PM's economic advisory council and former RBI governor, tells Pradeep Thakur that he is optimistic and expects growth to be around 7%How can we arrest the rupee's slide?The depreciation of the rupee is primarily due to mismatch between the current account deficit (CAD) and capital flows. The CAD remains high while the capital flows have diminished. This has created an imbalance which has put pressure on the rupee. So we really need to act on containing or reducing the CAD and on promoting capital flows. We need to be proactive in attracting capital flows. The foreign exchange markets have a tendency to overshoot. Therefore, to moderate such spikes reserves can be used. But action lies in creating a better environment for investment flows to come into the market.Do we have enough forex reserves to intervene?The forex reserves are at a reasonable level but they have to be used very judiciously. That is why the use of the reserves must be influenced by the conditions in the forex market and only to the extent which capital flows are lower because of temporary factors. One of the measures being suggested is to ease the pressure in the forex market by meeting some of the big demands like that of the oil companies directly by the RBI. This would temporary lift sentiments in the market and it can prevent further depreciation of the rupee.How can CAD be brought down?It can be brought down by promoting exports and by increasing domestic production which will help in reducing imports. For example, last year coal imports were high because domestic production wasn't picking up. If production picks up, the import of coal products will moderate. Gold was another item on the import bill that significantly added to the CAD. One reason for high gold imports was high inflation. People found gold a better investment option in an uncertain market. One concern is how to finance the deficit. The level of CAD may by itself not pose a problem if the capital flows are adequate. Last year, the capital flows were adequate to cover the deficit and add to our reserves. But in the second half of last year, and in the current fiscal, the capital flows dried up.Is it policy paralysis that is keeping away investors?It is because of both domestic and external factors. It is because of heightened risk perception that the capital flows have been affected. I think India was a fast-growing economy and the growth has slowed down and all these factors influence investor sentiments. But if India grows at least, say, by 7% plus during the year, I think capital flows will come back. I do expect that growth rate will be close to 7%. Agricultural growth is expected to be good and the manufacturing sector will perform better partly because of low base and partly because of very serious efforts made by the government. The production of goods in the key infrastructure areas like coal, power and roads will improve.What more should the government do to pep up investors?What the investors expect at this moment is an assurance from the government that the fiscal deficit will be maintained as budgeted. So we really need to take action to ensure that FD doesn't exceed the target. One action to contain government expenditure has been taken by hiking the petrol prices. Therefore, I think if the investor community gets assured that the government is determined to limit its expenditure, that will be an important factor.How serious is the government about raising diesel and LPG prices?I think it is necessary to act on prices of other petroleum products also. We need to evolve a mechanism through which low-income groups are not impacted. The rise in the price of crude has made it more compelling to do it now. This is a proposal under consideration. Some people have suggested dual pricing in diesel but some say it is difficult to do. But action is called for during the year.Will the petrol price hike impact inflation?The hike by itself will not have an impact on inflation. But if action is taken on other petroleum products (diesel and LPG), it will have an impact, but that will be temporary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13566692", "title": "Kipsang leads Kenyan sweep at TCS World 10K Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Geoffrey Kipsang and Helah Kiprop led a Kenyan clean sweep of the top three places in the elite men and women's field of the Tata Consultancy World 10K Bangalore 2012 on Sunday.Kipsang, a former junior world cross country champion and runner-up at the Delhi Half Marathon, led right from the start to finish in 28 minutes, nine seconds outside the course record of 27.51.Countrymen Alex Korio (28:09) and Victor Kipchirchir (28:15) finished second and third respectively, beating the Ethiopian Feyisa Lilesa to the fourth place.Former champion and fancied name Deriba Merga finished way below in the rankings, as did 25km world record holder and pre-race favourite Dennis Kimetto, done in by injury.The women's race, run in relatively hotter conditions, saw Helah Kirop winning in 32.22 minutes, followed by countrywomen Esther Chimutai (32.34) and Doris Changeywo (32.44).The overall winners took home USD 21,000 each, with the second and third place finishers winning USD 12,000 and 8,000 each.Rahul Kumar Pal and Monika Athre emerged winners among men and women in the Indian category, finishing overall 21st and 17th respectively.The Army Sports Institute Pune cadet Rahul Pal was home in 30.15 minutes, followed by his teammate Mohammed Yunus, who also clocked the same time but was declared second in the photo-finish. In third place was Kheta Ram (30.17).The women's race was won by the young Monika, another running prodigy from the village that has produced former winner Kavita Raut, beating a strong field of Indians. Monika finished in 36.46, followed by Swati Gadhave (37.14) and Priyanka Singh Patel (37.23).\"There was no particular strategy going into the race. Once the race began we decided to stick together,\" Kiprop said of Chemutai and Changeywo.Results: Overall Elite Men: Geoffrey Kipsang (KEN) 00.28.00; Alex Korio (KEN) 00.28.09; Victor Kipchirchir (KEN) 00.28.15; Feyisa Lilesa (ETH) 00.28.30; Leonard Langat (KEN) 00.28.33; Bernard Koech (KEN) 00.28.34; Tim Kiptoo (KEN) 00.28.43; Moses Kipsiro (UGA) 00.28.49; Silas Kipruto (KEN) 00.29.00; Lucku Modike (RSA) 00.29.03.Overall Elite women: Helah Kiprop (KEN) 00.32.22; Esther Chemutai (KEN) 00.32.34; Doris Changeywo (KEN) 00.32.44; Ababel Yeshaneh (ETH) 00.33.04; Selam Abere (ETH) 00.33.08; Grace Momanyi (KEN) 00.33.24; Helalia Johannes (NAM) 00.33.31; Philes Ongori (KEN) 00.33.36; Merima Mohammed (ETH) 00.33.50; Peninah Arusei (KEN) 00.33.58.Indian Men: Rahul Kumar Pal 00.30.15 (Overall 21); Mohd Yunus 00.30.15 (Overall 22); Kheta Ram 00.30.17 (Overall 23); Soji Mathew 00.30.20 (Overall 24); V L Dangi 00.30.23 (Overall 25); Suresh Kumar 00.30.31; Man Singh 00.30.51; Nandraj 00.30.51; Ashish Singh 00.30.52; Mukesh Rawat 00.30.54.Indian Women: Monica Athre 00.36.46 (Overall 17); Swati Gadhave 00.37.14 (Overall 18); Priyanka Singh Patel 00.37.23 (Overall 19); Jhumma Khatun 00.37.26 (Overall 20); Kiran Tiwari 00.37.44 (Overall 21); Lalita Babar 00.38.14 (Overall 23); Manisha Salunkhe 00.38.20; Amita 00.38.32; Anuradha Singh 00.38.48; Archana Pal 00.39.44.Nations Challenge: 1. Maharashtra (Monika Athre, Mohammed Yunus, Rahul Kumar Pal) 1:37:16; 2. Rajasthan (Kiran Tiwari, V L Dangi, Kheta Ram) 1:38:23; 3. Jharkhand (Jhumma Khatun, Soji Mathew, Arvind Kumar Yadav) 1:39:38; 4. Jammu and Kashmir (Swati Gadhave, Nitendra Singh, Man Singh) 1:39:57; 5. Haryana (Amita, Babu Ram, Nandraj) 1:40:22.Open 10K (Overall Men): Hanif M E (IND) 00:34:22; Shivananda Hadapad (IND) 00:34:42; Nangundppa (IND) 00:35:25; Raja (IND) 00:36:23; Jegadheesan Munisamy (IND) 00:36:52.Open 10K (Overall Women): Nilam Rajput (IND) 00:40:48; Amarasinha Malkanthi (SRI) 00:42:07; Natalie Follett (IND) 00:50:21; Priyanka Sharma (IND) 00:50:27; Dr. Zainab Shoaib (IND) 00:52:35.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13538816", "title": "Home guard rapes woman", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 25-year-old home guard of Delhi Police was arrested recently in the Mongolpuri area of Outer Delhi for allegedly raping a 20-year-old woman from the northeast. According to police, the home guard had allegedly laced her cold drink with drugs and raped her about 10 days ago. Police arrested him after the woman's medical report confirmed rape.Sources in Mongolpuri police said the victim, from Assam , forged a friendship with him recently. The woman, who works at a private firm, was drugged when she agreed to accompany the man to the local market. She was then taken to the house of the home guard and raped, said a police source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13546070", "title": "FIR against teacher for molesting minor", "text": "PATNA: One Pervez Alam, a plumber, on Saturday lodged a complaint against a schoolteacher, Guddu John, with the Sultanganj police station for allegedly molesting his minor daughter, Taslima (name changed), a Class III student in a local school.Sultanganj police station's in-charge SHO Nand Kishore said Taslima was taking tuition from Guddu for the past three days. The girl's father has alleged Guddu used to forcibly grope her body.The SHO said when the girl would resist the teacher's attempt, he allegedly used to offer her toffee. The girl narrated this to her family members. Raids are on to arrest the schoolteacher, the SHO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13557482", "title": "Anne Hathaway\u2019s ex kicked out of US", "text": "Anne Hathaway's ex-boyfriend Raffaello Follieri, who was serving sentence for swindling millions of American dollars from investors in a church buying scheme has been deported from the United States of America .Follieri, was taken from federal prison in Loretto, Pennsylvania, where he had been serving for four-and-a-half-years and quickly sent back to his native country Italy, reported Contactmusic.The convicted conman who had been 'The Devil Wears Prada' actress's partner between the years of 2004 and 2008, pled guilty to conspiracy, wire fraud and money laundering in October 2008.A representative for US Immigration and Customs Enforcement told TMZ that \"ICE carried out the order of an immigration judge, and removed Follieri from the United States May 25, 2012.\"In 2008, Follieri had admitted in court that he had \"no excuses\" for his illegal actions.Follieri had said at the time \"The most important thing I want the court to know is I was not raised with bad values. I started off with good intentions, determined to run an honourable business and make everyone proud of me.\"\"What I did was wrong and there is no point in making excuses. I will never be able to wash away the shame. I just hope that someday those who have been hurt by my actions will forgive me,\" he had added back then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13537817", "title": "Delhi councillors want laptop nannies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Incredible as it may seem, 272 corporators of the Municipal Corporation of Delhi may just have to be given an equal number of laptop operators if members of the BJP - the ruling party in all three newly-formed corporations - have their way. It will, of course, mean that apart from the cost of the laptops, the MCD will have to shell out an additional Rs 13.60 lakh a month as compensation for the \"computer helps\", each pocketing Rs 5,000 as salary.So if you can operate a computer, have five hours to spare a day and are willing to work for a pittance, the MCD may soon have a job opening for you.Defending the proposal, the councillors argue that not all of them are tech-savvy. \"Not all councillors know how to operate a computer,\" says V P Pandey, deputy chairman of the standing committee of the north corporation. \"With a login ID a councillor can access details of agendas, salary and funds on the corporation website. But since not many can access it, some have had to hire private operators.\"The councillors add that they need the helps to work five days a week, between 9am and 2pm. \"We have been demanding operators for long and now with the BJP ruling all three corporations, this will soon be met,\" says Mahender Nagpal, leader of the House of the North Delhi Municipal Corporation. \"The Delhi government provides every MLA an operator who prepares their schedule and keeps them updated. Similarly, councillors should be given one. This way they will be able to address public grievances online.\"Going by experience, though, there is little hope of them learning. After the erstwhile MCD launched its ambitious e-governance project last year, a four-day workshop was held for councillors to teach them basic computer skills. Of the 272 councillors, only 42 made it through the training.But skills or no skills, councillors voted to give themselves the latest laptops and printers in the last House meeting of the three corporations. \"It was suggested that the laptops given to councillors in 2007 could be reused after issuing them to newly-elected councillors. The suggestion was, however, immediately turned down as councillors wanted new laptops,\" says an official who didn't wish to be named.\"The laptops that were given to us in 2007 are now outdated and many of them don't even work,\" protests Mehek Singh, chairman of the standing committee of the East Delhi Municipal Corporation. \"Laptops and printers are a necessity for councillors and this will help them connect with the public in a better way. All online grievances will be addressed regularly and councillors will be able to prepare well before meetings.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13547269", "title": "Politics preferred over journalism as career: Survey", "text": "RANCHI: Had there been a professional institute offering courses in politics, the queue of students would have been longer than what is seen in most of the institutions offering degree or diploma in journalism and mass communication.This revelation was brought to the fore by the Psychographic Society that conducted a survey in 14 schools of the capital involving over 1,000 students of Class X.The random sampling endorsed the notion that engineering continues to remain the first preference of students followed by medicine and defence services. While 461 students corresponding to 43.12% of the sample size expressed interest in going for engineering stream, 148 corresponding to 13.84% students interviewed during the survey want to join a course in medicine. Defence, civil services and computer science invoke interest in almost an equal number of students as 62, 61 and 51 students voted for these sectors respectively.The society, headed by Vikas Kumar who is a postgraduate in psychology, has professional experience of career counselling. He was encouraged to read the mind of students to guide them effectively for choosing a career. \"Most of the students are unaware of the alternative career options and go by the general tradition,\" he said.Kumar said in course of the survey he was surprised to see that when students were told about availability of career options other than engineering, medicine, defence, fashion and computer sciences, they were eager to give a thought.The survey involved both boys and girls studying in Class X in different boards. Students of DAV Kapildev, DAV Gandhinagar and Kairali Public Schools (among CBSE board), St Francis (ICSE school) and St Aloysius and St Johns (Jharkhand Academic Council-affiliated schools) were interviewed.The students were provided with a questionnaire with 28 career options including one blank space to allow them respond about any other career that was not mentioned in the list. The students were also asked to give there first second and third preferences.While engineering, medicine, computer science, hotel management, sports, defence and civil services remained at the top level of priorities, few students expressed interest in politics.Seven students opted politics as their first preference whereas two expressed interest in journalism and mass communication.Twelve students said if they were unable to get a career option in the field of their first preference, they would like to join politics. Once again the number of students keeping journalism as their second preference was low as only 10 opted for it.Politics was preferred once again in the third preference category over journalism as 34 students showed interest in politics as against 11 in journalism and mass communication.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "13547208", "title": "Workshop on cyber crime for cops", "text": "BOKARO: A workshop on 'Cyber Crime and Cyber Security' organized by state police department was held at a private hotel on Saturday to give them first-hand knowledge about how to tackle cyber crimes. However, the workshop brought to light the ignorance of district cops when it comes to internet usage in this computer age. The questions asked by them during the 4 hour-long session added fun to learning.Questions like 'What is difference between gmail and email?' 'What is social networking site?' were popped up by the officers in charge of police stations. SP Kuldeep Dwivedi was seen motivating the policemen saying that regular access to computers would help them be at ease with computers.Three dozen policemen including Dwivedi, DSPs and constables were present at the workshop. Chief technology officer, Special Branch, Vineet Kumar taught few tricks of the trade to these cops. He said that the district cops should be sensitized in wake of the growing number of cyber crime in the state. They were taught how to access Internet Protocol (IP) log to identify and reach the miscreant behind the crime scene.They discussed on various topics including ATM card cloning, cyber crime, cyber security, etc. Kumar said case of MMS scandals, financial fraud, ATM card cloning, hacking of Facebook or Orkut, fake profile creation are very common, these days. These cases are mainly reported from Ranchi, Jamshedpur, Dhanbad and Bokaro towns.Dwivedi, however, said that at present, Bokaro does not record many cyber crime-related cases but still they have to equip themselves with knowledge to tackle such crimes in future. \"Annually four-five cyber crimes get registered with the Bokaro police\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13541764", "title": "Soon, a union for domestic workers to curb exploitation", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Coimbatore District General Workers Union, a wing of the CPM backed CITU, is going to form a union for domestic workers at a convention of house maids to be held in the city on Monday.This comes in the wake of a law enacted by the parliament to protect the interests of housemaids. There are more than 2000 people registered with the union, working as domestic workers, said A Nelsonbabu, secretary, Coimbatore District General Workers Union.He said, like many other unorganised sectors, domestic workers are facing various issues that need to be resolved. However, many of them including sexual harassment, low salary and payment of salary, go unnoticed. They require a platform, a union or association where they can raise such issues and demand protection from exploitation.Often, domestic workers complain of being denied their wages. Besides, most of them are not entitled to any leave. R Selvi, a domestic worker from the city, said, \"It is a welcome move as we don't have any provision for annual salary increment. If we take leave, money is deducted from the salary. We are forced to tolerate the indecent behavior of our employers because we have nowhere else to go,\" she said.The move comes at a time when there is a shortage of dependable house maids. V Chandran, a resident of Nanjundapuram, said that forming a union is a good step in promoting the interests of house maids. But it is important that they are reliable and do their job well.Arjun, a resident of Kovaipudur feels that domestic workers are unreliable. They take leave without informing employers. He says they have every right to start a union to protect their interests, provided they are committed in their work as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13537934", "title": "Ex-bank official's murder mystery solved with arrest of one", "text": "INDORE: Police claimed to have solved the murder of a retired bank official, who was found shot in Lasudia of the city a few days ago, with the arrest of a man on Saturday. The second accused in the murder case is absconding.Police inspector Santosh Singh Bhadoria said one Arvind has been arrested and his accomplice identified as Rakesh is absconding. He said that Arvind is being interrogated. About the motive of murder, Bhadoria said that they have killed the official for money.A few days ago, a retired bank officer, Omprakash Neria, a resident of Sukhalia, was found dead between Sukhalia and Niranjanpur. He was shot and then his head was crushed with stone.Frustrated over police inaction in nabbing the accused, Neria's daughter Jyoti Neria reportedly expressed her anger at the police and also demanded a high level investigation into the case. She suspected that her father was about to unearth a big scam and to hush up it, he was eliminated.However, Bhadoria said that he was investigating the case and got a tip-off about the involvement of Rakesh and Arvind in the crime.Police are suspecting that the accused believed that Neria had deposited a huge amount of money in the bank as he was planning to take many people for a pilgrimage. The police said that the duo might have got the information about this and allegedly killed him to extract the money.Police sources said that after killing the official, the accused took his ATM card and withdrew the money, which was not upto their expectation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13541136", "title": "Farmers demand government to sanction high power motors", "text": "MADURAI: Hit by the depleting groundwater table and irregular power supply, farmers in Madurai district have urged the state government to sanction high horsepower for their motors for irrigation.The demand by farmers was sparked by stern action from the electricity board officials who slapped a penalty besides disconnecting power supply to agricultural pumpsets in Chellampatti area after a transformer in the locality went faulty due to usage of high horsepower motors. Many farmers from Chellampatti Union were imposed a fine of Rs 3,500 to Rs 7,000 after a raid on Friday. Irked by the action, the farmers approached the district administration seeking sanction of higher horsepower motors.V R Muthupeyandi, president of the Tamil Nadu Farmers Association, Chellampatti union committee said they are helpless and have to use high power pumps as the water table in many areas, is fast depleting. \"When the irrigation connections were sanctioned to us in Chellampatti region 30 years ago, the water table was just 30 feet, but it has depleted over the period to 100 feet and below at present. We are unable to pump water with three to five horsepower motors sanctioned by the government,\" he said. S Muthupandi, secretary of the association pointed out that the present power scenario is forcing the farmers to adopt high horsepower pumps. With erratic power supply in rural areas, farmers are not able to irrigate the lands and they have to resort to powerful pumps to get sufficient water. \"With just two to three hours power supply in three-phase connections, we have no other go but to use high horsepower pumps so that more water can be pumped and at least a portion of the land can be irrigated,\" he said.Farmers from the region complained that the government should consider increasing the horsepower for irrigation pumps else it will affect many who depend upon well irrigation. The farmers also said that the district revenue officer, Ravindran received their petition and assured them to look into the matter. However, officials from the Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation Ltd (TANGEDCO) said that they are helpless in this regard as the state government has to decide on increasing the horsepower of the irrigation pumps for agriculture. A senior official from the corporation said that the irrigation pumps were sanctioned as three or five horsepower when the farmers apply for the connection and it cannot be changed after the connection is provided. The transformer capacity in a region is based on the load in the area and farmers increasing the horsepower of the irrigation pumps will damage the transformers.In the case of Chellampatti area farmers, they had to impose the fine since farmers were violating the norms. \"Though we are aware of the concerns of the farmers, the policy decision should come from the government to allow additional load on irrigation pumps,\" the official mentioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13547337", "title": "Allan Donald confirms approach from MRF", "text": "JAIPUR: Allan Donald is likely to get into the shoes of Dennis Lillee. Well, the MRF Foundation is likely to bid adieu to the Australian legend and bring in the South African as their new coach.There were talks that Lillee could end his 25-year old ties with the Foundation, which is considered the ideal platform for the pacers of the country.And, on Saturday, Donald confirmed to TOI that he has been approached, and he is considering the offer. The South African legend, who is the bowling coach of South African national team, was approached to take over as the coach during his recent visit to the country. And, Donald admitted that he is giving it a thought.\"What I can say is that I have met with someone from the MRF Pace Foundation. We are waiting for a final decision,\" Donald said.Admitting the fact that he is awaiting clearance from Cricket South Africa (CSA), Donald said: \"I have to talk to CSA about this because I'm employed by them. Our schedule is very busy so to try and find time to do it will be the key. We will need to sort a few things out.\"The MRF Pace Foundation officials, however, were unavailable for comment. But then, if everything falls in place, it could be the beginning of a new chapter!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "picture this", "code": "13564316", "title": "Get ready in a jiffy with quick makeup tips", "text": "Picture this: Your favourite movie star is the guest lecturer at college today and you want to look your best .Yet you woke up late, damn the late night movies on TV. You have less than fifteen minutes to reach college and you are still underdressed! Fret not! For, there's a way out. You may not be able to get killer looks, but decent look is not impossible at all! Here are some simple, easy-to-do styles to ensure you don't look like a zombie in the class.-First things first, you would want to remove the tired look from your face.Solution : Simply splash your face with cold water. This will definitely liven you up. Hop in to the bathroom for a quick shower. Even standing under the cold shower for 2 minutes will wake you up from the slumber and clear your mind!-Most importantly, prevent body odour by using a mild deodorant-Next: Wear your most comfortable outfit that doesn't need pressing, but gives you a hip look. Say jeans and your favourite T-shirt.-Now, apply a pearl size dollop of caffeine eye cream to remove puffiness under your eyes.-What next? You can't waste time on makeup now. But the least you can do is apply a day cream and leave it at that.-Brighten up the tired eyes by curling your eyelashes with little mascara- For luscious-looking lips : Well, you don't have time for matte colours, so lip gloss would be a safe bet.-Now, your hair looks messy and stinks and too bad you didn't have time to give it a thorough wash. Unfortunately you had also promised your BFF that you would sport a cool hairstyle which is impossible without shampooing! The best option would be to dry shampoo your hair! Dry shampoo absorbs oil, adds volume to your hair and gives hair a fresh look besides a fresh smell.- How to do it : If you don't have a dry shampoo, you could do with some baby powder. Sprinkle some baby powder into the roots of your hair, turn your head upside down, quickly brush it through your hair and you'll be good to go.-Last, but not the least, slip on to your floaters and get moving. You don't want to miss the rendezvous right?reshmi.ar@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13564735", "title": "Tanishtha Chatterjee on the Cannes-troversy", "text": "Actress Tanishtha Chatterjee is largely in agreement with Sheetal Talwar who has gone on record to say Bollywood representation in Cannes is farcical. \"I think what Sheetal says is to some extent true. However it is not entirely true. This year Miss Lovely was in the prestigious Un Certain Regard section at Cannes. And even The Gangs Of Wasseypur is in the Directors' Fortnight. Having said that I'd say we haven't had another Satyajit Ray making a global impact so many years after Ray.We make a 800 films a year . But we're nowhere globally. Iran produces 25 films per year and their films get noticed everywhere,\" says the actress. Tanishtha feels Indian films don't get noticed. \"That's because we promote the wrong films ,filmmakers and actors in India. Personally if I was not recognized in Shadows Of Time and Brick Lane in the West, no one would notice me at home.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "it's every tech company's nightmare", "code": "13528082", "title": "Three flawed gadgets seeking second shot", "text": "It's every tech company's nightmare: Amid much hoopla, it rolls out a new product, but the thing doesn't work as promised. The critics are damning and dwindling customers are in revolt. What to do?I've been watching the fates of three products that stumbled at the starting gate. In two cases, the companies forthrightly owned up to the problems, suffering short-term pain but earning credibility points -- and perhaps a second chance -- with the gadget-buying public.The third company tried to ride out the bad publicity. The evidence so far: Not such a good plan. The final verdicts are still out on the Dropcam Wi-Fi home video-monitoring camera, Jawbone's UP fitness wristband and Research In Motion (RIM)'s BlackBerry PlayBook tablet. Of the three, the Dropcam might be on the way to the happiest resolution.The original Dropcam system was my favorite in the nannycam/petcam/keep-an-eye-on-the-homefront category. I liked its ease of use. I also appreciated its robust online service for viewing and -- for a fee -- storing and retrieving high- definition video. And I liked the quality of the hardware, which was made by a third party. What I didn't like so much was the $279 price tag.Two-way audio For the second-generation Dropcam, the San Francisco-based startup took full control of the camera's design and manufacturing. The result is a less expensive model ($149) with more features.Among other things, the new version includes night vision and a two-way audio feature that allows someone viewing the video feed on an Apple iPad or iPhone to speak through the camera.The new Dropcam HD was introduced at January's Consumer Electronics Show and began shipping late that month. But the company soon heard from some purchasers that the image quality wasn't up to snuff. Dropcam stepped up its quality-control checks on the cameras coming in from the Chinese manufacturer, and found that many weren't meeting their specifications.The complaint rates weren't high, and the company could have continued to meet its order backlog while it scrambled to fix the problem.Instead, it froze shipments for nearly two months while it switched to another manufacturer, notified customers of the problem and offered to send out a new camera to anyone who wanted one, no questions asked. If some users wound up with two functioning, trouble-free cameras, so be it.Easier set-up The new Dropcam is now shipping in volume and largely delivers on its original promise. Compared with its predecessor, it's easier to set up -- no more having to plug it directly into a router -- and the new talk-back feature comes in handy for brief exchanges, though not any kind of sustained communication.The future of Jawbone's UP fitness-tracking wristband isn't so clear. The $100 UP, which tracks your activity and sleep patterns and syncs its data to a colorful app on your Apple mobile device, was released last year to strong demand. Then, shortly before Christmas, the San Francisco-based company issued a letter to customers disclosing flaws that included the inability of some bands to hold a charge and a data-syncing problem.Jawbone halted production and implemented an immediate no- questions-asked refund \"for whatever reason, or no reason at all.\" Moreover, people claiming the refund were allowed to keep their wristbands -- meaning at least some users who never encountered the problems were essentially offered the opportunity to use the UP for free. (The company won't say how many customers have taken advantage of the offer.)Continued support The company has also continued releasing updates to its app and offering continued support for its customers, who have responded in its user forums with a surprising measure of enthusiasm among the lamentations.After five months, Jawbone says it's still developing an improved version of UP. Meanwhile, more competitors have invaded the space, notably Nike with its $149 FuelBand.Luckily for Jawbone, we're still in the very early stages of the wearable-sensor era in consumer technology. If it gets a new UP right, it may yet find a market before it exhausts the patience and goodwill of its customers. But it's by no means a sure thing, as Research In Motion has painfully discovered with its BlackBerry PlayBook tablet.Half-baked I had kind words for the seven-inch PlayBook when it debuted a year ago, but with one big caveat: The software felt half-baked, missing a number of critical applications including contact management, calendaring and -- most stunning for a BlackBerry -- e-mail. Those functions only worked by tethering the PlayBook to a BlackBerry smartphone. No phone, no e-mail.That was enough to scare off hordes of buyers. Making matters worse, the updated software to fix those flaws, which had been promised for shortly after launch, didn't materialize. RIM offered apologies -- but little in the way of confidence- building steps along the lines of Dropcam and Jawbone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13546098", "title": "Delhi Daredevils: Season review", "text": "After topping the table in the league stage, Virender Sehwag's Daredevils imploded in spectacular fashion. TOI takes a look at what went right, and the things that went wrong...HITS:Sehwag, the batsman: Hit a sublime patch, scoring five successive fifties, four of which resulted in victories. Fizzled out near the business end of the IPL.Morne Morkel: The best pacer of IPL 5. Bowled with fire and snared 25 wickets at an average of 18. Was shockingly benched for the crucial Qualifier-2 against CSK.Umesh Yadav: The pacer was impressive even on docile tracks, finishing with 19 wickets with a best of 3/19.Kevin Pietersen: Pick of the season. Gave Delhi just the firepower and imposing presence they needed to back up Sehwag's run-making ability. Scored more than 305 runs at an average of over 60.David Warner: Had an immediate impact. Pulverized Chargers and got a ton. Added another impressive fifty on a difficult track in Dharamsala to help Delhi become the first team to qualify.FLOPS:Ross Taylor: The Kiwi skipper's injury layoff ensured he never got going. His continued selection and poor form left the Delhi middle order vulnerable.Mahela Jayawardene: In spite of his 335 runs he did not play a decisive knock. Failed to execute his role of sheet anchor to perfection.Sehwag, the captain: As Sehwag's form declined in the second half of the tournament, so did his captaincy skills. Some of his decision in the qualifier stages were bizarre. From dropping Morkel to promoting the likes of Pawan Negi ahead of Ross Taylor and Irfan Pathan, the captaincy decisions defied logic.Venugopal Rao: The Chargers import was the most impressive batsman last season but was completely off the boil this time.Varun Aaron: Jharkhand seamer lost the plot in Delhi's most crucial matches - the Qualifiers. Went for 21 runs in his last over against KKR and then leaked 63 in his four overs against CSK, an IPL record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "jaipur/alwar", "code": "13538512", "title": "Illegal miners fire at cops, three held in Alwar", "text": "JAIPUR/ALWAR: A group of about 100 illegal miners opened fire and pelted stones at a police team in Alwar's Nakhnol area on Friday in a sheer disregard for law and the law keepers.The incident happened when a police team had swopped down on an area known as Loharon Ki Dhani after getting a tip-off about illegal mining there. The police were, however, not bogged down by their threat and managed to arrest three men, including an explosive expert, after giving them a chase for almost 15 km.Police later said the personnel had a narrow escape when they were fired upon.The local police were on high alert after the death of five labourers in an illegal mine in Alwar's Bhiwadi area last week. Alwar SP Umesh Dutta told TOI that a combing operation had been launched against illegal mines in the area.\"Following a tip-off that illegal mining is being carried out at Loharon Ki Dhani, a police team from Tapukara police station went to the area. Over 100 people standing behind women and using them as a shield started pelting stones on team as soon as it arrived there,\" Dutta said.The team then backed off and camped at a safe distance from the place. But the illegal miners continued hurling stones. When they realized that the stones were not in any way going to stop the police, they opened fire, the SP said.He said at least five rounds of bullets were fired by the illegal miners forcing the police to retaliate. \"When we fired two rounds, they started to disperse. The team then chased the miners and managed to nab three of them,\" the officer said.The arrested persons have been identified as Qareemun, Nijjar Mohammad and Ishab. \"The startling fact is that all the three arrested persons are from outside the state. While Qareemun is from Bihar , the other two are from Nuh and Palwal areas of Haryana,\" Dutta said.He said this information will help police nail down illegal mining in the area as it clearly suggests that most of those involved in the illegal practice are from outside Rajasthan. \"We are planning to take several steps to keep a watch on inter-state rackets involved in illegal mining,\" Dutta said.There is a complete ban imposed by the Supreme Court on mining in the Aravali Hills in the area. At least five labourers were buried alive when a part of an illegal mine caved in Bhiwdi area of the district. Chief minister Ashok Gehlot had called a meeting of senior officials and cabinet ministers after the incident and asked them to curb mining in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13537893", "title": "Gautam Gambhir is more aggressive than me: MS Dhoni", "text": "CHENNAI: MS Dhoni's inspirational leadership has once again bailed Chennai Super Kings out of trouble. On the eve of the IPL final against Kolkata, Dhoni about spoke captaincy, counterpart Gambhir, tackling pressure and much more.Excerpts...What's your take on Gambhir's captaincy and the way he has led KKR?I think a skipper's success depends on how good his resources are and how the individuals react when the chips are down. Unlike me, Gautam is a very aggressive captain. I'm not saying I'm not aggressive but he is more expressive on the field than me. Even when the game is in his pocket, he demands that his team wrap it up in style. I think he is doing a very good job for KKR.What are the main reasons behind CSK's super show?The main reason behind our success has been the players, who have always enjoyed their cricket. Every individual has a patented way of approaching the game and you just can't change that. The demands in T20s are completely different from ODIs or Tests. So it's important to utilize the resources properly so that the team does well. Whenever it has come to the crunch, the individuals have stood up and fought hard to win us the games.IPL final has always been a high-pressure game...It's another opportunity for someone to be a hero. All the 22 players playing on Sunday will have the stage, but we will have to wait to know whether that one hero is from CSK or KKR.How does your wife react when the team is not doing well?She enjoys the game, but when we were waiting for the results of the other games, she was really tense and couldn't watch. Now we are in, and it's familiar territory for her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13541021", "title": "Sibal pitches in to help NE students, workers", "text": "GUWAHATI: Union minister of human resources development (HRD) Kapil Sibal has initiated steps to solve problems faced by students and employees of northeastern region in Delhi. The minister has also involved Delhi Police in solving the problems of harassment faced by NE people in the national capital.Sources said the minister's intervention came following the deaths of two northeast students in Gurgaon and Bangalore recently. While Meghalaya chief minister Mukul Sangma's niece Dana Sangma allegedly committed suicide in her Amity University hostel room, a Manipuri student, Loitam Richard, died in Bangalore after his seniors in the Acharya NRV College of Architecture beat him up. The issue had even reached Parliament.The Union HRD ministry is writing to all universities located in Delhi, requesting them to strengthen their student counselling or welfare cells keeping in mind the cultural sensibilities of the NE people. Special secretary of MHRD Ashok Thakur on Friday wrote a letter to Delhi Police commissioner B K Gupta, asking him to take necessary action at the earliest on the decisions taken during a recent meeting chaired by the minister. Thakur has directed the commissioner to forward an action taken report to the minister. Sibal had called a meeting at his office chamber on Tuesday last with Delhi Police commissioner and other senior officers along with the representatives of the northeast states regarding the problems being faced by students and employees coming from the NE region.The meeting had decided to take action to solve the problems faced by people of various communities in the northeast residing in Delhi. The Delhi Police Commissioner or a senior officer nominated by him would meet the members of NE communities once every quarter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13548265", "title": "Kareli blast: Reoti seeks proper probe", "text": "ALLAHABAD: It is to be investigated how the deadly bomb, which claimed the lives of five children in Kareli, reached the spot where the explosion took place on Wednesday, Samajwadi Party national general secretary and Allahabad MP Reoti Raman Singh said after visiting the family members of the victims on Saturday.Singh, accompanied by party MLA's from Meja and Bara, Girish Chandra Pandey and Ajay Kumar , also went to the Colvin Hospital where the injured persons are undergoing treatment. He has demanded a high level probe into the incident to find out the origin of the deadly and powerful bomb at the spot.State Congress president Rita Bahuguna Joshi has demanded a compensation of Rs 5 lakh to family members of the victims and providing houses as admissible to BPL card holders. She visited the houses of the victims and went to Colvin Hospital and met the injured persons.Joshi also handed over a sum of Rs 5,000 each to the family members of victims on behalf of Congress party. tnn She was accompanied by party spokesperson Kishore Varshney, UPCC vice-president Shekhar Bahuguna and other leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13556759", "title": "It\u2019s about money, honey", "text": "Youngsters have been betting incessantly this IPL on every ball - fours, sixes, outs and on who will win or lose. Teenagers are now no novice to the gambling world and are contacting professional bookies, hoping to make some quick bucks .\"I have known about IPL betting for long, but I started doing it with friends since last year. At first we used to bet between ourselves, but then as the bets got bigger, bookies got involved. I started from 500 and now, I bet up to 15,000. With the money we buy gadgets, branded clothes and watches,\" says Varun Mohta, who just graduated.A trade insider says that the main den for betting is Burrabazar. \"I started betting when I was 13. My family came to know of my profession last year. They weren't happy with it but then it has become a way of life for me,\" said a young 24-year-old bookie. But is betting just about profits? \"No. I have been betting for nine years now. I have realized you lose more than what you gain,\" said 29-yearold Nikhil Jain.Corroborating this fact is a college student who has already lost 40,000 in this IPL. \"I had borrowed the money from friends. I don't know how I will pay them back. At first, when I lost some, I thought I would recover the amount by guessing right the next time. But then I lost more and more. However, I still do it because I enjoy the pressure. My cousin, who's in Class IX, also bets on matches.\"The final word came from a notorious bookie. \"Children start betting from Class IX these days. And they do it very secretively,\" he said. Are the parents listening?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13556764", "title": "Prasoon Joshi writes anthem for Indian cinema centenary", "text": "With Indian cinema celebrating its glorious 100 years, Bollywood seems to be charged up for the event.Renowned lyricist Prasoon Joshi has written a centenary anthem which will be rendered at the IIFA Awards this year. \"I have written an anthem which will be performed at IIFA. They will be telling you more about it. The anthem celebrates 100 years of Indian Cinema,\" Joshi told IANS.The IIFA Awards are being held in Singapore this year from June 7 to June 9. Bollywood actor Shahid Kapoor will be anchoring the event. Renowned actors like Bipasha Basu , Sonakshi Sinha and singer Mika Singh will be performing at the prestigious event. The choreography has been done by famous choreographer and director Prabhu Deva, who will also be seen giving a performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13570778", "title": "CBI arrests Jaganmohan Reddy in disproportionate assets case", "text": "HYDERABAD: YSR Congress president YS Jaganmohan Reddy was arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in the disproportionate assets case on at 7.20pm on Sunday. The arrest was made on the third day of his questioning by the CBI.The Andhra Pradesh high court had earlier rejected his anticipatory bail application, following which, speculation about his arrest was growing.Earlier on Sunday, Jagan reached Dilkusha Guest House, the CBI camp office, at 10.30am. He was accompanied by Congress MP Sabbam Hari and Congress legislators Alla Nani and S Krishna Rao.The CBI had questioned him for seven hours each on Friday and Saturday.The CBI had been grilling Jagan as to how his wealth increased dramatically after his father YS Rajasekhara Reddy became chief minister in 2004. Jagan had officially declared that he owned assets of Rs 356 crore.The investigating agency believes that Jagan conspired with his father to dole out favours to certain companies in return for the investments they made into his firms.In order to prevent any untoward incident after Jaganmohan Reddy's arrest, Hyderabad has been put on high alert and the police have already clamped Section 144 of CrPC in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13547343", "title": "Entrepreneurship cell praises e-cell in National Institute of Technology Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: National Entrepreneurship Network (NEN), India's largest entrepreneurship fraternity, has accredited EFOREA, the Entrepreneurship Cell of National Institute of Technology Karnataka (NITK), as a high performance e-cell.The highest rating has been accredited to NITK in acknowledgement of its continuing persistence with fostering a vibrant culture of innovation and entrepreneurship. EFOREA, the ten member student club that started two years ago, has now grown into an organization having more than 50 members and partners including the Nadathur S Raghavan Center for Entrepreneurial Learning (NSRCEL, IIM Bangalore), National Social Entrepreneurship Forum, department of Science and Technology, government of India and Science Technology and Entrepreneurship Park (STEP) and Intel .Raghav R, outgoing chairman of EFOREA, told STOI that the cell has taken several flagship initiatives including E-pitch, TEDxNITK, EFOREA labs and TechVentures and Startup Internship Drive.E-pitch, region's largest B-plan contest, had seen several ideas taking shape into business. The event has prizes over Rs 1.5 lakh in cash and enjoys mentorship support from NSRCEL, IIMB as well as incubation facilities at Science and Technology Entrepreneurs Park (STEP-NITK). The event is supported by department of science and technology and Intel. TEDx NITK was a successful symposium having an audience of over 1,000 for over eight hours and witnessed an array of speakers, he said.With about 50 strong mentor support from alumni and partner networks EFOREA links students in the region with mentors who are experts in fields like Cleantech, biotechnology, retail, IT etc. Mentors support students to turn their ideas into a start up venture; he said adding that the cell was also instrumental in enabling students to avail funding support from the Technopreneur Promotion Program (TePP) scheme of the government through STEP.TechVentures of EFOREA, a consultancy hub for SME, has already been ranked amongst the top 20 best student ventures by NEN and Tata. Startup internship drive, which was implemented in the year 2011-12, is aimed at giving NITK students a peek into the challenging, stimulating and diverse experience of interning at start up companies. Omnesys, Practo, Milaap, MixOrg were some of the start ups in which students found internships through EFOREA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13536797", "title": "16-year-old among five killed in separate mishaps", "text": "NAGPUR: Three accidents took place on the busy Bhandara road, in the jurisdiction of the Kalamna police station, in the last 24 hours. Four people, including a 16-year-old boy, were killed and his younger brother injured at three different spots on the same road at a distance of just a few kilometres. In Tehsil, a speeding biker came under the wheels of a truck.On Friday evening, a drunk truck driver crashed against a pani puri stall killing its owner Sukh Singh Pal (35) and 16-year-old Shubham Sharma. While Shubham, who was awaiting his Std X results, died on the spot, Pal succumbed in Mayo Hospital.Shubham and his brother Suraj (12), residents of Pawan Nagar, were eating pani puri at Pal's stall. Shrikant Pathan, the truck driver, drove rashly on the road, which had narrowed due to encroachments, and hit Pal's stall first and then another makeshift vegetable kiosk next to it. Pathan got a thrashing from people before being handed over to the police.During vacations, Shubham and Suraj would help their father Sudama in selling vegetables at Pardi Bazar. Around 9pm, Sudama had to go for some work and asked his sons to wind up business for the day. The brothers were on way home when they halted to eat pani puri.After knocking Shubham down, the truck ran over his stomach and then hit Suraj and Pal. Suraj escaped with minor injuries to his face. Pal leaves behind a six-month old son, two daughters and wife.The cops, deceased's relatives and regular motorists of Bhandara Road blamed the illegal extension of shops, hawkers and vendors occupying the major part of the road for the recent rise in road mishaps here.A few hours earlier, at 4.30pm, another mishap took place near Shwetal Container Yard when a middle-aged unidentified woman was knocked dead by a vehicle that has not been identified yet. The driver is absconding.On Saturday morning, a cyclist was knocked dead by a trailer near Kapsi. Gulmohar Nagar resident Kachru Baghel was heading towards Kalamna when he met with the mishap.On Friday midnight, a helmetless speeding biker, Mahesh Thavani (30) came under the truck at Agrasen Square on Central Avenue. The truck was coming from Chitnis Park and Thavani was heading towards Mate Square. Police said that Mahesh tried to avoid hitting the truck by applying the brakes. \"Since he was at high speed, the bike skidded and halted only under the truck. Mahesh came under its rear wheels,\" said the police.Thavani's friend Niraj Jain (26), who was riding pillion, suffered head injuries and is undergoing treatment at Mayo Hospital. The Tehsil police have so far registered a case against the truck driver Ajmal Hussain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13540885", "title": "Post petrol-price hike, auto unions want increase in fares", "text": "PUNE: Autorickshaw unions in the city have demanded an increase of at least Rs 3 in the existing fare structure, after the recent hike pushed petrol prices up to Rs 79 per litre in Pune. The unions are also seeking an immediate reduction in value added tax (VAT) on petrol in the state.The unions said that a petrol price rollback was unlikely and the government would possibly increase the price of CNG in the near future too. A revision in autorickshaw fares will be inevitable if there is no rollback in the hike, autorickshaw federations said.The Pune City Autorickshaw Federation, Savkaash Rickshaw Sangh and Maharashtra Rickshaw Sena have demanded a rise of Re 1 in basic fare and a hike of Rs 2 for every subsequent stage. The city's biggest autorickshaw union, the Rickshaw Panchayat, which is preparing a draft report on the impact of the hike on autorickshaw services, stated that the unions had no choice but to demand a fare revision if there was no rollback in the hike.Rickshaw Panchayat president Baba Adhav said that the union would conduct a protest march on Tuesday against the petrol price hike. \"We want to tell the government that this hike is not acceptable, as it will have an adverse impact on common people. They will be paying more for goods and transportation.\" Calling the hike unjustifiable, he said the government should explain why the price of petrol was going up despite the fall in crude oil prices in the international market.Baba Shinde of the Pune City Autorickshaw Federation said that the union would submit a letter demanding fare revision to the Regional Transport Authority on Monday. An autorickshaw driver will now have to spend at least Rs 1,000 more on petrol every month, he said.Shinde said about 15,000 autorickhaws in the city still run on petrol. Besides, many drivers who have fitted CNG kits in their autorickshaws are forced to run their vehicles on petrol because of limited availability of CNG. Autorickshaw drivers have to wait at least two to three hours at CNG refilling centres for a refill, he added.Shinde said that as there was no guarantee that the price of CNG would remain stable, separate fare charts for CNG- and petrol-operated autorickshaws were not possible.Pradeep Bhalerao of the Savkash Rickshaw Sangh said that the government should reduce VAT and provide petrol at subsidised rates to the autorickshaw drivers, which will give some relief in petrol prices.Petrol price (per litre)Pune: Rs 79Pimpri Chinchwad: Rs 79.56Pune rural: Rs 77.46(Source: Pune Petrol Dealers Association)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13549595", "title": "Two senior officials caught accepting bribe, 8 lakh seized", "text": "NASHIK: Two senior officials from the Nashik divisional office of the assistant registrar of co-operative societies, including the assistant registrar, were arrested on Saturday by the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) officials for accepting bribe of Rs 40,000 from a female official from the divisional office. Cash amounting to around Rs 8 lakh was seized from the house of the assistant registrar of Nashik division, Sunil Shendpure, during the course of investigation.Acting on a tip-off, sleuths of the ACB laid a trap and caught Shendpure and sub-auditor Narendra Nagare red-handed when they were accepting a bribe of Rs 40,000 at Shendpure's residence in Rai Apartments, General Vaidya Nagar, near Purnima bus stop.Shendpure had demanded the bribe when his female colleague had asked for a transfer to Nashik. She then lodged a complaint with the ACB. Deputy superintendent of police, Anil Vadanere, and police inspector Sarika Ahirao, under the guidance of Shashikant Mahavarkar, superintendent of police (ACB, Nashik) laid a trap and arrested Shendpure and his associate Narendra Nagare around 10.45am on Saturday.Speaking to TOI, Mahavarkar said, \"We have arrested divisional assistant registrar Sunil Shendpure and sub-auditor Narendra Nagare for accepting the bribe for transfer. During the course of investigation, we seized Rs 8 lakh in cash from Shendpure's residence. Both accused are to be produced in court on Sunday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13538891", "title": "For first time, Team Anna attacks PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: Targeting Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for the first time, Team Anna on Saturday sought an investigation against him and 14 other cabinet ministers, including finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , on charges of corruption by July 25.Citing the draft CAG report on the coalgate scam, the anti-graft campaigners said that the PM, who was responsible for the coal ministry, \"abused his position to give huge pecuniary benefits to private parties''. The CAG report has held that by not auctioning coal blocks, the government extended benefits worth Rs 1.8 lakh crore to private players.Mukherjee came under attack for not taking action against those who allegedly took kickbacks in the Rs 18,000 crore Scorpene deal, and those involved in the Navy war room leak.Team Anna wants all-judge SIT by July 25In a letter to the PM, Team Anna demanded the government set up a special investigation team of six retired judges - Justices J S Varma , M N Venkatchaliah, both former Chief Justices, Kuldeep Singh, A K Ganguly, Sudarshan Reddy and A P Shah - to probe graft charges levelled by them against the PM and 14 other Cabinet ministers. They said the panel should be set up by July 25, failing which they would launch an indefinite fast.Team Anna, whose relentless campaign appears to have bruised the government has so far left the PM and Pranab Mukherjee, out of their firing line. Manmohan Singh had on Tuesday acknowledged public frustration and anger over graft, in what was seen as a testimony to Team Anna's success in mobilizing popular sentiment.Team Anna said that the SIT should also be allowed to investigate charges against P Chidambaram, Sharad Pawar , S M Krishna, Kamal Nath , Praful Patel , Vilasrao Deshmukh , Virbhadra Singh , Kapil Sibal , Salman Khurshid , G K Vasan, Farooq Abdullah, M K Alagiri and S K Shinde. They added that the probe should also cover Mayawati , Mulayam Singh Yadav , Lalu Prasad and TN chief minister Jayalalithaa . Besides, the SIT could investigate charges against Team Anna too.Announcing their fresh battle plan, Prashant Bhushan said, \"We are not saying send these ministers to jail but there must be a thorough investigation.\"Bhushan's colleague Arvind Kejriwal said, \"We will wait till July 24. If the government does not take steps to (set up SIT), we will go on an indefinite fast from July 25.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13564339", "title": "Cheryl Cole's beauty bowls over Apl.de.Ap", "text": "Rapper Apl.de.Ap, who is the member of popular hip hop group Black Eyed Peas , is smitten by singer Cheryl Cole's beauty.\"I love Cheryl, she's beautiful and just so nice,\" the 37-year-old was quoted as saying by contactmusic.com.Apl, who is yet to work with Cole, also appreciates her for not being fussy.\"She's really normal, she came on a plane with the Peas once and she was tired, but it was only a small plane so there weren't any seats where she could lie down. But she didn't mind about that - she just lay down in the middle of the floor on the plane,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13538885", "title": "350 British Airways fliers stuck in plane for hours", "text": "NEW DELHI: About 350 London-bound passengers on board a British Airways flight had to sit for hours inside the plane before take-off due to a technical snag on Friday. The flight was rescheduled for Saturday but it could not take off today and is now slotted for a Sunday departure.On Saturday, the flight was rescheduled again as the fault could not be rectified completely. In a statement late in the evening, the British Airways apologized for the inconvenience. Safety and security is of paramount importance and will not be compromised, it said.BA 256 was scheduled to take off around 9am on Friday. But, while taxiing, the pilots spotted a technical snag and asked for permission to return to the terminal, sources said. The fliers were also informed about the snag but were made to sit in the plane while engineers tried to rectify the fault, they said.According to sources, the flight was rescheduled for Saturday but the passengers had to wait for hours before they were provided hotel accommodation around 4pm.Air India accommodated some passengers on its Delhi-London flight on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13542074", "title": "Students\u2019 Organization of Panjab University\u2019s good luck SMSs stun Common Entrance Exam candidates", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In what turned out to be a surprise for scores of candidates who will appear in the Common Entrance Exam (CET) on Sunday to be conducted by Panjab University, messages of \"good luck\" poured in from a student organization just a day before the exam.Questioning the source from which members of Students' Organization of Panjab University (SOPU) obtained the list of candidates and their mobile numbers, the move has drawn flak.\"If the student leaders can manage to procure the list of candidates who are yet to appear in the exam, they can manage anything. The credibility of the system of examination and confidentiality can be questioned by any candidate,\" said Sumit Gokhlaney, a student of UBS and member of Panjab University Students' Union (PUSU).Ishaan Sharma, a candidate said, \"I have no idea how my mobile number has reached the student leaders of PU.\" One of the message sent to students read, \"SOPU wishes u gud luck 4 ur 1st step in this prestigious university 4 CET exam. Regards, Manoj Lubana, SOPU president.\" Raghav Maheshwari, yet another candidate said, \"I was surprised to read the messages and thought that the information has been given by PU.\"SOPU president admitted sending messages, but did not reveal the source. \"There is no harm in wishing good luck to students. It's a warm gesture for those entering PU,\" said Lubana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13539953", "title": "Bijal Joshi rape case: Convict gets bail", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Sajal Jain, convicted in the infamous 2003 Bijal Joshi rape case by a sessions court, is all set to walk out of jail after spending eight years behind bars. He was given interim bail by the Supreme Court on Saturday.The case had shocked Ahmedabad because of the gruesome manner in which Bijal was gang-raped by Sajal and his friends during a New Year 's Eve party in 2003 which had later led to the victim committing suicide. Sajal, son of a Delhi-based businessman, was married in 2003 and having an extramarital affair with Bijal.On that fateful day, the prime accused and four of his friends were on a drinking binge in a hotel. Sajal had invited the victim, where her drink was spiked. The five men raped her, beat her up and burnt her with cigarette stubs. They then drove off and abandoned her in a car on a highway. The accused called up her sister early next morning asking her to pick up Bijal.Unable to bear the humiliation and physical torture, Bijal had hung herself on January 7, 2004. Her suicide note had accused Sajal, 33, Chandan Jaiswal,27, Ashok alias Mandan Jaiswal, 26, Sugam Jaiswal, 26, Dharmendra alias Karan Jain, 30, and Manish Jain of driving her to suicide.Sajal was sentenced for life imprisonment by a sessions court after he was found guilty of raping Bijal. His appeal is pending in the Gujarat high court.The Supreme Court, while granting Sajal interim bail, took into consideration his mother's ill health and the fact that he has a minor daughter. The court also noted that the Gujarat high court had not disposed of the case within six months as it had directed.Chandan had first approached the Supreme Court in 2010 to get bail. The bench of Justice V S Sirpurkar and Justice Cyriac Joseph has stated it was not inclined to grant bail. \"However, we request the high court to dispose of the appeal within six months from the date of receipt of the order,\" the bench had added. \"If the matter is not disposed of within six months, then the accused may apply fresh application for bail.\"With the case still pending in the high court in 2012, Sajal approached the Supreme Court which granted him bail. The bench of the Justice Deepak Verma and Justice Sudhansu Jyoti Mukhopadhaya in its order stated, \"Petitioner has applied for grant of interim bail, as according to him, even though his criminal appeal is being heard by the high court, but has not yet been concluded and it is not known by what time it is likely to be concluded.\"The apex court granted interim bail to Sajal on furnishing bond for a sum of Rs 25,000 and a solvent surety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13557788", "title": "Freida Pinto to play a dancer for her next film", "text": "In her next acting assignment Richard Raymond's Desert Dancer Freida Pinto has to play not only a trained dancer, but a dancer who looks skilled enough to train one of the most accomplished modern dancers.The film about the Iranian dancer Afshin Gaffarian, casts Freida as the on-screen Afshin (Reece Ritchie)'s mentor.While Freida who is in Cannes to announce the film is not allowed to talk about it yet a source close to the actress says, \"Freida is dancing like a madwoman for Desert Dancer. She doesn't really consider herself a very graceful dancer. For the Jai ho song in Slumdog Millionaire Freida had to practice almost non-stop for a week.\"For Desert Dancer, Freida has been training extensively in belly dancing and other contemporary forms of dancing.\"She doesn't just have to be good. She has to be better than the dancer-hero of the film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13537503", "title": "Prasad Nagar body-in-bag case solved, 3 arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cops claimed to have solved the body-in-bag case of Prasad Nagar with the arrest of three persons.At the heart of the murder were two alleged illicit relationships involving a 28-year-old lady, Seema, who has been nabbed. The others arrested were Ram Gopal Rai, 28, and Sanjay Yadav, who was to marry Seema.The deceased - Lakhan Singh Sharma - was Seema's relative and one of her suitors. \"On May 14 we received a PCR call at Prasad Nagar police station about a jute bag with a body in it. The body was identified as that of Sharma, 30, a Karol Bagh resident,\" Devesh Srivastav, additional CP (central).Investigations revealed that Sharma and Seema were neighbours in the trans-Yamuna area where they became friends. Later, Sharma's wife objected to the relationship and the duo shifted their residence to Bapa Nagar. Sharma allegedly could not bear the break-up and asked Seema to come over to Bapa Nagar, police said.Seema, however, began a relationship with Rai, which was opposed by Sharma. He resorted to regularly beating her in a bid to separate the two.\"Unable to put up with the harassment, she decided to get Sharma eliminated,\" Srivastav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13518444", "title": "Riya Sen in controversy again", "text": "Actress Riya Sen is strongly denying any link with the Mumbai rave party. Riya's name was dragged into the controversy as it has been alleged that the organiser of the party, Vishay Handa, is her boyfriend.The actress is miffed with this link-up. \"How can my name be linked with him when I am not his girlfriend and I wasn't present at the party. I never go for these sundown parties. Moreover, I'm single,\" she says.Riya isn't new to controversies. \"I really have no clue why this happens to me. I'm sorry to say but I think the media is to blame. It has always portrayed me completely differently from what I really am. My name is always just added into any controversy without clarifying with me first,\" she says angrily. There's a limit, she says. \"If I were present at the party then I understand that people would put 2 and 2 together and say that he is my boyfriend. But there is absolutely no truth in that and I am very upset with all this,\" she tells us.Fed up with the way she's targeted, she says that such controversies eventually leave doubts in the minds of others. \"They might think 'maybe she did it'. And I'm not going to sit and clarify every fake bit of news,\" she says. \"Some new director claims that Riya Sen also came for a screen test and no one bothers to ask me if I did! I don't even know this director. Then my pictures - all profile views - were splashed in a newspaper and captioned as Riya has got a nose job, chin job etc. Which actress today has not got a job done? But nobody writes about them. Here I haven't got a job done and I'm written about,\" she says with frustration. \"Even with Krrish 3 , it has been publicised for so long now that I was an option for the role. But I never even got an offer from them!\" she says. \"My sister Raima, who is just a year older and my best friend too, is also an actress. How come these things don't happen to her and only to me?\" she asks.The pretty Bong actress just wants to focus on her work. \"I'm getting offered a lot of commercial movies and I'm enjoying it. I don't mind any role as long as I get to work with good directors,\" she says. Her most challenging and best role to date has been Rituparno Ghosh's Bengali film Nouka Dubi for which she won critical acclaim. \"I haven't really got anything as good post that,\" she says. \"But there are filmmakers like Rituparno who want to work with me again because I'm professional about my work. Other actors have come up and told me that I don't take my work seriously. How am I not taking it seriously? Ask the directors who I've worked with and they'll tell you how serious I am.\" Currently, Riya is filming for two films - Hai Rabba Main Kya Karoo with Arshad Warsi and Zindagi 50-50 with Arya Babbar. Both are comedies and multi-starrers.Before signing off, we ask if actresses in the industry can be 'real' friends. \"It depends on the upbringing and how ambitious one is. If you're insecure about your work then you can't b friends with anybody. I have been friends with a couple of actresses for years and I just don't take their names in the media because then it affects the friendship,\" she says. But she's closest to her sister and mother. \"In fact, both of them take advice from me especially about signing films and contracts,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13548898", "title": "12,450 electronic voting machines to be used in civic polls", "text": "KANPUR: For the first time, elections for the civil bodies in the district would be conducted through electronic voting machines (EVMs). For the purpose, 12,450 EVMs have been roped in from Madhya Pradesh . The checking of EVMs had been done. These machines are now ready to be sent to the polling booths. In the wards where more than 16 candidates would be contesting, two EVMs each would be placed in the polling booths.Election for nagar palika parishads and nagar panchayats would be conducted through ballot papers.The elections for the local bodies in the district would be held in the second phase on June 27. On May 30, the district magistrate would be issuing notification for the elections. On May 31, the returning officers would be issuing election notification in their respective areas. Thereafter, the work of filling nominations would commence. June 6 has been fixed as the last date for filing nominations. Next day, the nomination papers would be verified. The candidates can withdraw nominations by June 11. On June 12, the election symbols would be allotted. The results would be declared on July 7.Nearly 20.15 lakh voters would get chance to cast their votes during election. There are a total of 577 polling centres and 1,966 polling booths in the district.In Billahaur nagar palika, there are 16,104 voters and a total of eight polling centres and 25 polling booths. There are a total of 25 wards in this nagar palika. In Ghatampur nagar parishad, there are a total of 33,091 voters. The number of polling centres and polling booths are 11 and 33. It also has 25 wards.Bthoor nagar panchayat has 9,064 voters, five polling centres and 10 polling booths.The district administration is gearing up to conduct elections. Several rounds of meetings are being held by district officials to chalk out strategies. The district police force has also geared up to conduct the elections in a peaceful manner.All major political parties have also started making preparations. Several candidates wishing to contest elections for the post of corporator and mayor have already placed the applications before the party office-bearers. Soon, the names of the candidates would be declared by different political parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13541185", "title": "Plus II results to be declared on May 30", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: This year's Plus II examination results will be published on May 30, a Council of Higher Secondary Education (CHSE) spokesperson said here on Saturday.The results will be officially announced along with the names of the toppers at a function in Bhubaneswar at 9.30 am. Booklets of results will be available at the three zonal offices of CHSE at Baripada, Sambalpur and Berhampur, besides the CHSE headquarters in Bhubaneswar and JKBK College in Cuttack after 10 am on May 30. Students can access their results online at www.ori.nic.in/chseorissa, www.orissaresults.nic.in and www.chsenss.ori.nic.in. Prominent mobile service providers will also provide the results by SMS service, the CHSE spokesperson said.Over 2.79 lakh students appeared in the examination at 1065 centres during March 2 to April 2. They include 1.75 lakh students in arts stream, 70,000 in science and 25,000 in commerce. The valuation was done by 5,000 examiners in 46 valuation zones.For the first time, the CHSE had scrutinized the answer-sheets of around 2,000 students who had secured above 90 per cent marks this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "13572982", "title": "PCB awards retainership to banned player", "text": "LAHORE: The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) in a major blooper has awarded retainship to a player whom it had recently banned for a year for serious misconduct during a domestic match.The PCB on Saturday announced a list of 21 players who have been awarded central contracts and 21 players who have been given retainers and the second list included the name of Bismillah Khan.Bismallah, who hails from Peshawar and Emmad Ali, a player from Lahore, were both banned recently for a year each after being reported for physically attacking each other and misbehaving during a domestic grade two match.\"It is strange that the PCB has given a retainer to a banned player while leaving out some deserving players,\" former test batsman Basit Ali said.No comments were available from the board as to who was responsible for this blunder.The PCB has increased the monthly salaries of centrally contracted players and the retainer amounts as a result of which now a player in the top category of the central contract will be paid a monthly salary of 313,000 followed by 218,000 and 130,000.Similarly the monthly retainer amount has also increased to around 90,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13547974", "title": "Summer fury continues unabated in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: After sizzling at over 45 degrees on Friday, the maximum temperature came down by two degrees in the city on Saturday. But, there was no let up in the heatwave and most of the roads had thin traffic in the afternoon. Markets too remain deserted.The maximum temperature, which rose to 45.3 degrees Celsius on Friday, came down to 43.7 degrees Celsius on Saturday while the minimum was 27 degrees Celsius.People moving on the roads had their faces covered to avoid the hot winds. Barring few roads of the city, most of the streets had moderate traffic, especially the main markets like Katra, Chowk, Civil Lines, Mumforganj, Telirgunj etc witnessed thin attendance. Similarly, most of the shopkeepers closed their shops during the noon hours, only to open in the evening session.On the other hand, vendors selling cool drinks, pana, lassi, ice cream are making brisk sales. Students around Allahabad University and various schools and colleges were seen flocking the roadside shops selling different drinking items to quench their thirst and beat the heat while the roadside shopkeepers too were making money by selling water pouches.Doctors have advised people to take all sorts of precautions to avoid heat strokes and avoid moving in hot weather as far as possible.The entire northern plain is reeling under a severe heatwave which is likely to continue till mid-June. \"But, such extreme weather means there would a good monsoon this year,\" said weather expert SS Ojha. City would have received several rounds of dust storm and scanty showers, but because of global warming and concretisation of urban areas, big cities have become heat domes, he added.As the winds blowing in the northern plains are predominately coming over the landmass, it would be having shortage in terms of humidity and it is seen in the city. Moreover as these winds are originating from western parts of the country, they are dry and dusty, said weather expert AR Siddiqui.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "13541015", "title": "Arunachal, Sikkim ink tourism memorandum of understanding", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh and Sikkim has inked a memorandum of understanding (MoU) for undertaking joint programmes on tourism sector. Arunachal tourism minister Pema Khandu signed the memorandum with his Sikkim counterpart Bhim Dhungel in Gangtok on Thursday, officials said. Khandu, leading a high-level delegation including parliamentary secretary for tourism P D Sona, had a meeting with Dhungel and called for mutual cooperation in the tourism sector.During the hour-long meeting, Khandu, underlining the priority accorded to the tourism sector by the Nabam Tuki government, pitched for holistic development of the tourism sector in all northeastern states to facilitate seamless flow of tourists. He also said that rationalizing the permit system would enable tourists to geta wholesome experience of the region. Highlighting the ancient pilgrimage sites of Arunachal such as Tzari and Pema-kho, he also advocated for a Buddhist circuit comprising of Sikkim, Bhutan and Arunachal Pradesh.Bhim Dhungel, praising Team Arunachal for its enthusiasm to promote tourism and highlighting the potential Arunachal in the sector, endorsed the issues raised by Khandu and agreed that both Sikkim and Arunachal can work together for mutual benefit. The Sikkim minister also offered to help Arunachal Tourism in capacity building of the stakeholders.Tourism managers of both states agreed that the Protected Area Permit (PAP) was a major bottleneck for foreign tourists and resolved to address the problem by placing it before the home ministry. They also decided to ask the Northeast MPs' Forum to take up the matter at their level, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13538982", "title": "Open Days: Few attend first session", "text": "NEW DELHI: The first Open Day at North Campus received a lukewarm response on Saturday as most of the boards, including CBSE, are yet to announce their Class XII results.Throughout the day, around 300 undergraduate aspirants - most of whom were accompanied by their parents - turned up at the Conference Centre to clear their doubts and know the admission process better from officials of the dean of students' welfare and college principals.\"Students are waiting for the results. The scene will be completely different in the post-result days. Moreover, students are now more focused and they know what they want. All information on admission is also available online. The open days, supposed to be counselling sessions, had turned into information centres in the past. But today we saw many parents coming and seeking guidance and looking for options rather than specific information. It's a healthy sign,\" said the deputy dean of student's welfare, Gurpreet Singh Tuteja.Open Days will go on till June 2, with the second session to be held on Sunday. The first Open Day of South Campus will be on Monday at SP Jain Centre for Management Studies.Majority of the aspirants wanted to know more about the courses on offer and options available as well as about the cutoffs and the eligibility criteria of the colleges. A few of them also inquired about the application process, both online and offline, as this is the first time that Delhi University is introducing the online application process. The volunteers present guided the aspirants on how to fill the forms.J M Khurana, dean of students' welfare, made the introductory remarks, briefing the audience about the university, its various activities, colleges and courses. He also elaborated on the application process, eligibility criteria and the admission process for various reserved categories.The principals of SGTB Khalsa College and Hans Raj College also spoke about their colleges. While Khalsa College principal Jaswinder Singh focused on the sports facilities at his institute and the performance of students in sports disciplines, Hans Raj principal V K Kawatra spoke about the academics.Students and parents alike were caught between the dilemma of whether to go for the college of choice or the preferred course. Khurana tried to answer it by suggesting that as the quality of faculty is same at all colleges, \"students should go for the course\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13545127", "title": "'I saw no sign of a rave party at Juhu sundown'", "text": "MUMBAI: Organizing a big party with a celebrity guest list is akin to staging a tightrope act. Behind the scenes organizers spend weeks if not months narrowing down on an event manager (or company) that can put together the perfect guest list, the right DJ, and ensure that the tap never runs dry. Then, one goes on a multiplying spree-get on to the email list, upload posts at online social networking sites, and use well-heeled friends to bring in more guests. The bigger the celebrities roped in, the more exclusive the event. But there are some parties that are thrown open to the general public who are willing to pay an entry fee.Most mega parties are obsessively planned and last week's sundown at Oakwood Hotel was organized along similar lines, said an owner of an event management company who did not want to be named. \"At some stage in the planning process, the organizer will involve his or her marketing team whose job is to make sure that the guest-list is 'just right' ,\" he said. The guest list usually depends on the agenda behind the party. Fun need not always be the motivating factor behind a good party especially if the organizer or client has a business deal waiting to take off in the wings. A supplier told TOI explained: \"If a businessman wants to see a deal come through, he throws a party where big party for clients.\"There is also an open invite : most organizers, music bands and event management companies post complete invitations on social networking sites. An engineer who was present at Oakwood party said, \"Invitees can be random and not necessarily celebrities.'' In order to pep up the party, the organizer sends invites on his own to high-profile personalities through SMSes and personal invitations . \"But the invite works best when it is from people to people; groups come together have fun,'' the engineer added.A fashion writer said that rave parties are no longer held in Mumbai because of space constraints and raids. Self-confessed \"regular partygoer\" Prateek Kumar (name changed) concurred and said Oakwood sundown was different from rave parties . \"I attended a rave party at Karjat. The music was trance and water was being sold because people taking drugs don't mix it with alcohol . I saw no sign of a rave at the Juhu sundown. It had regular music unlile the Karjat rave\" Actor Shilpa Saklani, who was also at the Juhu party, said, \"It was a chilled-out party.\"Additional commissioner of police (special branch) Sunil Paraskar said, \"Organizers and DJs may or may not have knowledge that drugs will be a part of the gathering. There are some instances where DJs sell drugs for their own profit . Whether the organizers and DJs are part of the supply chain can only be ascertained when we start our investigation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13540825", "title": "NCP corporator's caste certificate found fake", "text": "PUNE: The divisional caste verification committee has directed the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to file a criminal complaint against NCP corporator Seema Phuge, alleging that the caste certificate submitted by her to the election department was fake. The election department of the PCMC has sought opinion of a legal advisor in the matter.Baba Bagal, office superintendent of the election department, said, \"The department received a letter in this regard on Thursday from the committee directing it to lodge a case against Seema Phuge, but we want to know from our legal advisor whether the civic body can lodge such a complaint.\"Phuge was elected from Bhosari Gaothan (ward number 35 A), which is reserved for women from OBC category, in the elections held on February 16. She could not be contacted despite repeated attempts.Of the 128 seats in the PCMC, 26 are reserved for candidates from OBC category. Out of these, 12 are reserved for women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13540071", "title": "Noida dream flats now a nightmare", "text": "NOIDA: The housing scheme launched by the Noida Authority in 2006 for high-income groups (HIG) has come as a shocker to many. The apartments were to come up in Sector 99 and each flat cost about Rs 50 lakh. However, a year after the flats were handed over to the allottees, the housing complex is in a shambles, with residents hopping over piles of rubble to go to their houses. To cap it all, the complex does not have a proper electricity connection or planned sewer lines, and even security arrangements are lax.The road leading to the complex has disappeared from the Noida Master Plan 2031. The area, which was packaged as an oasis in a busy city, wears a deserted look. Repeated complaints to the Authority have fallen on deaf ears, with no relief for the 200-odd flat owners. Possession of all the flats was to be given latest by March 16, 2010, but the construction work was delayed. The Authority then imposed an extra cost ranging from 10%-15% on the allottees and they could not take possession before January last year.When the HIG allottees finally visited their after gaining possession, they were in for a rude shock. For even if they overlooked the serious design flaws and use of substandard construction material, the lack of basic amenities like a planned sewer network, and water and electricity connections was staring them in the face.\"Till a few months ago, we were getting water through tankers. All the electrical wires here are underrated and, therefore, trip every time we switch on heavy electrical appliances like the AC and heater. The water and sewer pipelines have been corroded, though it has only been a year since the flats were constructed,\" said Tejveer Rana, an allottee and president of the Sector 99 flats' RWA.\"There is seepage in all the flats and the main wire supplying power to the society coils over the pavement, which is dangerous as both the pavements and the floors are of inferior quality. In case of rain or seepage, they pose the risk of a short circuit,\" said Alok Shrivastava, a DGM with NTPC, who is one of the allottees.The conditions are so bad that only 60 of the 204 flats are currently occupied. The rest of the allottees are under a financial burden as they have had take up rented accommodations. Some residents have pooled in money to get a private sweeper and a security guard to check the rampant instances of thefts in the society.The allottees have written numerous letters to the Authority CEO, have filed RTIs and made numerous visits to the Authority for help. The Authority, however, has not accepted responsibility for the chaos or offered any assistance. On being questioned by TOI, many of the officials concerned claimed to be unaware of the situation. Several calls made to the housing department chief, N P Gautam, went unanswered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13541711", "title": "Woman, son give blood samples in Tiwari case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rohit Shekhar, who claims to be the biological son of veteran Congress leader N D Tiwari, on Saturday gave his blood samples along with his mother Ujjawala Sharma in the Delhi high court in connection with a paternity suit.The mother-son duo made themselves available before a joint registrar as ordered by single judge bench of Reva Khetrapal to give their blood samples. A doctor and nurse took the blood samples for the DNA test of the duo in the chamber of Joint Registrar Deepak Garg and kept them in a sealed cover.\"You (Shekhar and Sharma) come inside the chamber along with your lawyers for collection of the blood samples as the court room is small,\" Garg said minutes after a doctor and a nurse entered the court room.The blood samples of the mother-son duo were taken in presence of Bahar-U-Barqi, the counsel for Tiwari.Earlier, the high court had also asked 86-year-old Tiwari to give his blood sample before it but that order was modified by the SC on May 24 which was communicated to the joint registrar by the counsel for 32-year-old Rohit Shekhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13536789", "title": "Girl claims cops refused to file dowry complaint", "text": "NAGPUR: A 24-year-old girl from Salebhatti village in Bhivapur alleged that Bhivapur police refused to accept her complaint against a youth who did not turn up on their wedding day after being refused dowry.The victim Dhammakirti Shende's marriage was plannned on May 23 but the groom Jayesh Motghare of Kuhi did not come on the marriage day. She claimed that a week ago, Mothghare demanded Rs 50,000 as dowry. The victim's father Dinesh is a labourer and her mother passed away last month. She said that though she tried to convince Motghare and his family, they refused to marry her. The victim claimed that since last three days, she has been going to Bhivapur police station to file a complaint against Motghare but the cops sent her back.Valuables worth Rs 6 lakh stolenNagpur: Burglars decamped with the scooter of a railway contractor Manoj Arora after stealing diamond and gold valuables worth Rs 6 lakhs from his Sindhi Colony residence in Mecosabagh on Friday night. Arora and his family had been to a family function when the burglars broke open the main door lock and fled with the valuables, laptop and Rs 40,000 cash. Jaripatka police has registered a case.Gang nabbedNagpur: A gang of four youths was nabbed by Lakadganj police when they were found planning a dacoity on the premises of school in Lalgan on Saturday afternoon. Police has recovered two bikes, iron rod, chilli powder, match box from Pravin Sahare (19), Mithun Chevale (23), Javed Khan (23) and Ghashyam Gaurikar (24).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13541216", "title": "Punjab National Bank services hit in city", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Customers of Punjab National Bank (PNB) continued to suffer for the third consecutive day on Saturday as several automated teller machines (ATMs) of the bank were not vending cash.\"I am running from one ATM to the other for past three days, but I failed to withdraw cash,\" said a customer. PNB assistant general manager Ashok Pradhan said the situation has almost normalized with services in 80 of the 107 ATMs restored. \"We restored machines attracting maximum hits first,\" he said, adding all ATMs would be fully functional by another day or two. Banking operations too were hit due to slow server in the past three days. Sources said the bank had shutdown its main server as a precautionary measure on Thursday after there was a fire at the National Data Centre of PNB at Parliament Street.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13537897", "title": "Shehla Masood murder case: Accused custody extended till June 11", "text": "INDORE: The special CBI magistrate court here on Saturday extended the judicial custody of Bhopal-based interior designer Zahida Parvez, her accomplice Saba Farooqui, the alleged contract killer Saqib Ali \"Danger,\" and alleged shooters Irfan and Tabish till June 11 in connection with the sensational murder case of the RTI activist Shehla Masood.\"During the next hearing, the place of trial would be argued as per the Section 14 (3) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC), and whether it has to be in Indore or Bhopal,\" said CBI counsel Hemant Shukla. He said that the prime accused Zahida and her accomplice Saba are pressing for the trial to be held in Indore, whereas another accused Tabish has been demanding that the case be tried in Bhopal. All the five accused were handed over a copy each of the chargesheet.Soon after the hearing, Zahida shot back at the media, \"Can't you make out the reason for my quietness? I am under tremendous pressure.\" When asked if she was under any kind of pressure from the BJP, the cops intervened and whisked her away.However, Saba appeared to be a bit forthright in talking to the media while being taken back to the prison after the hearing. She alleged that the CBI falsely implicated them, while taking no action against the BJP MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh, whose name had figured quite a few times during investigation following the allegations levelled by the accused.\"If he was not involved, then how come his name appeared in the case?\" asked Saba.Contrary to Saba's allegations against Dhruv, another accused Saqib said, \"I don't understand why Dhruv's name is being dragged into the case. He has nothing to do with it.\" He rubbished the CBI's theory of Rs 3 lakh contract money. The investigating agency in its chargesheet has accused Zahida of giving Rs 3 lakh to Saqib to eliminate Shehla. \"The supari allegations are baseless,\" said Saqib while being taken back to jail.Gujjar's remand extendedThe judicial custody remand of Manoj Kumar Gujjar, an accused in the death of IPS office Narendra Kumar, has been extended till June 11. He was produced at the Special CBI court here on Saturday. Manoj allegedly ran over a tractor trolley laden with illegally mined stones when the young officer tried to stop him from escaping with the vehicle in March this year", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13542454", "title": "Mumbai tatkal ticket racket runs from Bihar", "text": "MUMBAI: The Railway Protection Force (RPF) has busted a racket in which confirmed tickets were booked under the Tatkal scheme by touts in Bihar and then couriered to Mumbai by air. Three persons were arrested in separate instances by a special squad formed by the Central Railway RPF. The trio was released on a cash bail of Rs 10,000 each by a local court.The racket originated at Patna and Hajipur in Bihar. RPF sleuths found that tickets for a train leaving from Mumbai to Patna had been booked at the Patna end, in advance.\"Identity proof is required to be produced while booking tickets. Touts from Mumbai arranged for scanned copies of customers' ID cards to be sent to Bihar. Their counterparts in Bihar then booked tickets under Tatkal scheme for these customers...The tickets were couriered to Mumbai by air,\" an official said.Sleuths observed that one of the parcels, containing the Tatkal tickets, was collected by Atiqur-Rehman from the courier company's office. Rehman was nabbed with nine tickets, three of them being III-AC tickets, collectively worth Rs 30,680 on May 18. On May 23, another tout Mohammad Salim was nabbed and on May24, a third tout, Mohammad Vakil, was caught. The touts charged a fee of Rs 1,500 which in some cases was as much as the ticket cost itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13547183", "title": "Showed that I exist: Murali Vijay", "text": "CHENNAI: The celebrations were wild after Murali Vijay completed his century on Friday and when somebody asked him what was it all about, the opener said: \"I just wanted to show that I still exist.\"He needed an innings like this to show that he is still a force to reckon with. His poor run in the IPL forced skipper MS Dhoni to drop him once, but the captain never lost faith in him.\"He was not being himself at that point of time. I told him that he is being picked because he is M Vijay. It was important that he went back to the nets and tried playing his natural game. He did that and now see where he is,\" Dhoni sounded happy with a decision that he had taken.Vijay, though, has a habit of finding form just when critics start writing him off.Be it a supreme 127 against the Rajasthan Royals in 2010 or a match-winning effort against Bangalore Royal Challengers in the final of 2011, the Tamil Nadu opener has risen to the occasion just when it matters. It was no different on Friday night and the Delhi coach Eric Simons rightly said: \"There's not much you can do when a batsman takes off like that...We have to give credit to Vijay for the way he batted.\"Vijay's critics have insisted that his bat is not coming down straight, but on Friday he gave glimpses of finding his old form that helped him make the Indian side in 2009 on the back of a couple of centuries in Ranji Trophy.\"I don't want to compare this knock with my earlier efforts, but certainly I had to work hard for this one. It was hot and humid and I had to take a lot of singles and doubles. I enjoyed the innings and I couldn't have asked for more, looking ahead to the final,\" Vijay said.The best thing about the right-hander is that he is one of the cleanest hitters of the cricket ball in the Tamil Nadu circuit and that's why skipper MS Dhoni has persisted with him, even when things were not exactly going his way. Vijay said that he stuck to his simple gameplan on Friday and it worked.\"I just went in and started striking the ball. I always go there wanting to win the match and it feels great to contribute for the team,\" he said.Now that the first two hurdles have been crossed, the focus of attention shifts to the final, where Kolkata Knight Riders are waiting for them. Vijay will again have to play a key role in the final as the Knights will look to get him out early on.\"KKR are very good team and they can beat anybody on a given day. So we need to be cautious and cannot take things lightly. But I can tell you that we are also up for it,\" Vijay said.He may well have to deal with the mystery of Sunil Narine early on, but the opener is not losing sleep. \"Planning won't work against him. You have to watch the ball closely and play accordingly. It's a matter of keeping it simple,\" Vijay said, looking ahead to the Sunday contest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13560650", "title": "Karan planning next with Naseeruddin Shah", "text": "After 'Bhindi Bazar' and 'Kya Delhi Kya Lahore', producer Karan Arora is all set to make his next movie with actor Naseeruddin Shah.And it seems the producer is quite excited about that. \"The name of the movie is ' Charlie ke chakkar me ' and Naseeruddin Shah will be playing the protagonist. It's a movie based on youth and how in the quest to become billionaires overnight and earn money big bucks through shortcut, youngsters land up doing the wrong things,\" shares Karan, adding, \"But there is still some time before we start working on that project as we are very busy with 'Kya Delhi Kya Lahore'. Once I am done with this project, will decide things about that one.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13548460", "title": "Gang robs jewellery shop, hurls bombs", "text": "KOLKATA: A gang of miscreants made away with gold and silver jewellery worth lakhs and Rs 10,000 in cash from a jewellery shop in Bongaon in North 24-Parganas on Friday night. The gang then hurled bombs at the locals, leaving four people injured. Though nobody has been arrested yet, four persons have been detained for interrogation.Four persons were injured after a gang of miscreants hurled bombs in the locality after committing a daring robbery in a jewellery store in Bongaon in North 24 Parganas. The police is yet to make any arrest. Four persons have been detained for interrogation.At around 11pm on Friday, a gang of seven armed miscreants broke into the jewellery shop when four employees were still inside. The gang then broke open the collapsible gate. Taking the employees at gunpoint, they ransacked the store and looted 980 gm of gold jewellery, 500 gm of silver jewellery and Rs 10,000 in cash. Before fleeing the spot, they reportedly beat up the employees.On Friday around 11pm, a gang of seven armed miscreants broke into a jewellery shop. Four employees were working inside closing the collapsible gate. The gang broke open the gate and stranded the four employees on gun point. They then ransacked the store and looted 980 gram of gold jewelleries and 500 gram of silver jewelleries and about Rs 10,000 in cash. They then beat up the employees and fled from the spot taking away the valuables.Locals rushed in when one of the employees screamed for help. But the miscreants were not ready to give in. They hurled bombs which injured four persons. The victims were taken to a nearby hospital. One of the employees screamed for help as the locals rushed in. The miscreants then started hurling bombs as four persons received splinter injuries. They were rushed to a nearby hospital. The police arrived at the spot as four persons were detained from the locality. ThePolice suspect the gang came from Bangladesh and might have fled towards the border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13539573", "title": "BK School\u2019s MBA, MSc (IT) admissions from Tuesday", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The BK School of Business Management has announced that the admissions for MBA and MSc (IT) courses will begin from May 29.BK School offers an integrated management course which is of five-year duration. The course is popular among students of general stream, after chartered accountancy and company secretary courses.Officials said that the admissions will begin before the commerce colleges begin admissions in June so that there is no repeat admissions in the commerce colleges.The details about the MBA and MSc (IT) admissions can be downloaded from the Gujarat University website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "moscow", "code": "13571122", "title": "Anand's last chance before tiebreak", "text": "MOSCOW: Defending champion Viswanathan Anand will have a lot to think about ahead of the last game of the Chess World Championship against Boris Gelfand of Israel .With the scores tied 5.5-5.5 after 11 games, the Indian ace will be hoping for an encore of the last championship when he won the last game to win the title against Veselin Topalov of Bulgaria .That said, Gelfand has proven to be a far tougher nut to crack for Anand who defeated Russian Vladimir Kramnik in 2008 and Topalov in 2010 with consummate ease.The challenger and the champion have shared just one victory each in 11 games thus far while the remaining nine games have ended in draws, often tame.It's time for Anand to deliver the goods. The Indian will have the advantage of playing white in the 12th and final game under normal time control and that gives him an obvious edge.Should this game also end in a draw tiebreak games of shorter duration will be played to determine the winner.Anand, one of the greatest player ever in the faster version, especially rapid chess, holds an edge there also. In case of a draw in the last game, the players will play four rapid games first and then, if necessary, five sets of two blitz games to decide the crown.An Armageddon game is the last possibility but that is too far away.Gelfand, if anything, is unfazed by Anand's grand reputation in faster version and did not shy away from admitting it himself in the post-match chat after game 11.\"I would say that with all his results Vishy has proved that he is one of the best, or maybe the best at all-time controls. Look at his record -- otherwise he wouldn't have been world champion for so many years,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13542364", "title": "Fearing rabies, teen kills self", "text": "CHENNAI: A teenager committed suicide by hanging at his house in Puzhal on Friday evening, allegedly due to fear of contacting rabies after he was bitten by a stray dog that morning.Police said R Mani alias Manikandan (18) of Puthagaram stepped on a sleeping stray dog and was bitten. He was taken to the government general hospital and given a rabies injection. After returning home, he talked with some of his friends who allegedly scared him saying he could contract rabies, police said.In the evening, when his family was away, Mani hanged himself. His body was sent to the Stanley Medical College Hospital for autopsy.\"Mani asked some friends about the outcome of the dog bite and this could have triggered his suicide,\" assistant commissioner of police D Kandasamy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13549633", "title": "Nashik hospital plans to add 200 more beds", "text": "NASHIK: With various agencies of the state government in the planning mode for the forthcoming Kumbh mela, the officials of the Nashik district hospital or the Civil Hospital have proposed a new 200-bed building on the premises of the existing facility at an estimated cost of Rs 16 crore.The move is significant as 39 persons had died in a stampede during the last Kumbh mela in 2003, exposing lapses in crowd management by the police and shortcomings in health infrastructure available in the city, especially for trauma care.The requirement of four additional wards having 50 beds each has been proposed considering that the rush of patients increases significantly during the period of Kumbh mela with a large number of pilgrims from all across the country coming to the city to take holy dip in the Godavari.Civil Surgeon Dr B D Pawar, who heads the hospital, said, \"As of now, given the continuous flow of patients from different parts of the district, the hospital is falling short of beds. During the Kumbha mela, there is likely to be a significant rise in patients, as a large number of people will be coming from different parts of the country and getting infected with one or the other disease. On this backdrop, we have made a proposal for an additional facility of 200 beds on the same premises and other requirements in comparison to the additional beds.\"During the last Kumbh mela, 39 pilgrims died in a stampede when pilgrims scrambled to reach out for some coins flung by some sadhu. Pilgrims died in the subsequent commotion and most of the patients were brought dead at the Civil Hospital. According to reports, the civil hospital had run short of beds to accommodate the injured patients.Dr Pawar said of the 200 beds, 100 will be kept on standby for emergency, apart from the present beds they have for trauma care.Meanwhile, considering that a large number of pilgrims also go to Trimbakeshwar, where the Kumbh mela is held, the civil surgeon has proposed to increase the capacity of the hospital to 100 beds from the existing 30 beds.According to officials, a special team would undertake a survey of Nashik next month to examine the infrastructural requirements of the city. The report of the team is likely to be presented by October-end, following which the government would sanction works deemed fit for implementation before the 12-year event in Nashik and Trimbakeshwar.As of now the civil hospital has 541 beds, including 20 beds in the trauma ward.The Kumbh mela held in Nashik every 12 years is called Simhastha Kumbh mela, as it is held when the sun enters the Leo constellation, which is considered very auspicious by pious Hindus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13539665", "title": "Forest department gets up to speed with turtles", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The forest department has, after a successful hatching programme, decided to go in for satellite telemetry tagging of the turtle. This would help them know the movement of the turtles and even track them.Dinesh Kumar Sharma, chief conservator of forests said that the project will be taken up under the World Bank aided ongoing Integrated Coastal Zone Management Project. He further said that the department will start a turtle hatchery with modern equipment and gadgets in Mandvi to further intensify the efforts of turtle hatching and conservation.Sharma said during the past three years more than 4,500 turtles have been released from the hatchery at Mandvi, Kutch. The turtles come to Kutch coastal area for nesting and laying eggs. But eggs and young ones become prone to threats from foxes, jackals, snakes, and birds like kites, crows, gulls among others including human beings. People along the coast use turtle eggs as their food. Many a times eggs also get destroyed due to natural phenomena such as erosion due to high tides or pollution from industries along sea coast.However, in absence of any regular scheme for hatching turtle eggs, the forest department has taken it up as an initiative and has been successful he said.Each year, males and females begin the reproductive cycle by migrating from their feeding grounds to breeding grounds which is several thousand kilometres away. Several weeks after mating, the females come ashore to nest. They lay about 100-150 eggs in the nest and fill it with sand and sometimes thump the nest with their body to compact the nest. They throw sand around the nest for camouflage and return to the sea for their feeding grounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13537204", "title": "Nagpur nullahs cleaned but roads give a bumpy ride", "text": "NAGPUR: The monsoon is just 20 days away. But, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is yet to take up road repair work and is just focusing on cleaning of the nullahs across the city. If the same continues, the already bad roads would turn worse posing threat to citizens' life.As a pre-monsoon activity, NMC takes up work to clean small and big nullahs to prevent overflowing and water logging every year. But no measures are undertaken to ensure that the roads remain smooth. With bad roads, citizens are at the receiving end during monsoon.This year municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal himself monitored the nullah cleaning work but failed to pay attention towards the deteriorating road conditions across the city.The roads are in a bad shape with many being dug up by other departments for laying electric cable network, water pipeline, sewage lines etc. The stretch between Lokmat square and Humpyard Road passing through busy Dhantoli area is a fine example of such a condition with both the sides of the road being dug for laying sewage lines. The repair work on this stretch is yet to begin. Similar is the case with the stretch from LAD square to Shraddhanand Peth square. The road was dug up to lay new water pipeline and was left as it is. At the LAD square a patch was dug up to repair a water valve. Though the valve was repaired, no one bothered to relay the road. The relaying job has to begin immediately to ensure no water logging on roads after it starts raining.The asphaltation work on many roads is yet to be completed. Uncovered manholes are a serious threat to people. The openings of storm water drains are yet to be cleared. If not done in time, water logging of roads is inevitable.The NMC has even failed to clear the roads of trees which were uprooted recently. Such uprooted trees are lying on the road-side posing threat to traffic especially during night. An uprooted tree, covering almost half of the road between Bajaj Nagar square and VRCE square is lying for the past 15 days. Similarly, another tree trunk has been lying on the road between Sales Tax office and High Court's exit gate.A senior NMC official informed that Jaiswal, during a pre-monsoon meeting, had directed all the officials to ensure completion of pre-monsoon jobs by June 5. \"Digging of roads will be banned during the monsoon. The water works department and MSEDCL have been directed to restore the roads which were dug for their respective jobs,\" the official informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "sangareddy", "code": "13536863", "title": "Irate villagers attack private hospital over death of woman", "text": "SANGAREDDY: Angry family members and friends attacked a private hospital here on Saturday after a 22-year-old woman died after being operated upon twice during child birth.Lalita, 22, was admitted for delivery in Government hospital in Sangareddy on Friday night. The doctors said they would operate on her after few days as she was too weak for the delivery. Sources said her husband Mallesam, 28, was approached by Balanagamma, 35, a trainer for nurses in the government hospital. She convinced them to go to a private hospital where she could be operated immediately.Lalita was taken to a newly built private hospital where Dr Sarada performed the delivery of the baby on Friday night itself. But when the blood loss could not be controlled, on Saturday the doctor operated on her again after which Lalita died. Soon nearly 50 villagers came rushing to the hospital and pelted stones, broke the window panes and destroyed the furniture. Sources said the hospital suffered losses up to Rs 15 lakhs. On the complaint from the hospital authorities, the villagers were later arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13567696", "title": "Aishwarya Rai Bachchan says she's happy being 'healthy'", "text": "Aishwarya Rai Bachchan has been under constant scrutiny for the past six months, ever since she gave birth to her daughter Aaradhya.With her gaining weight after delivery, Aishwarya has faced a lot of flak, especially since she was to make red carpet appearances at the Cannes Film Festival.The actress, who spoke to mediapersons in Cannes, is believed to have said that she is happy being \"\"healthy\"\". Reacting to a question about her weight gain, Aishwarya said that she thinks it is important to be healthy in life. She is also believed to have added that she is in no mood to listen to people's recommendations when it comes to her dieting. She said that she has \"\"never been one for strict diets\"\" and will continue to savour her food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "13573137", "title": "Pakistan players unhappy with pay hikes: Sources", "text": "LAHORE: The pay hike announced by Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) in the central contracts and match fees has not been received well by many of the leading national team players.Sources said that captain Misbah-ul-Haq, senior batsman Younis Khan and T20 captain Mohammad Hafeez had already held discussions on the issue soon after the new central contracts and retainers were announced on Friday night.\"Some of the players are not happy with the 25 per cent and 10 per cent hikes as they feel keeping in mind the rising inflation they deserved a better deal,\" one source close to the players said.\"The players are also grumbling that the board as it is took three years to give a pay raise and even now it is not enough for them,\" one source said.The PCB announced the list of players who have been given central contracts for the year 2012 after a delay of four months as the last contracts had expired in December last year.One reliable source confirmed that most of the players who are leaving on the tour to Sri Lanka early Monday morning have refused to sign the contracts.\"The players feel that the board should have given them more time to have the contracts vetted by their legal advisors and it is not possible for the players to sign the contracts at such short notice,\" the source said.Pakistan team manager, Naved Cheema said that there was no deadline set by the board for the players to sign the contracts.\"The longer the players take to sign the contracts and return them back to the board their payments will be delayed,\" Cheema said.Interestingly match and tour fees, central contract retainer payments and other bonus payments to the players have been held up for the last four months by the board for various reasons.The function, held to honour the Pakistan team that won the Asia Cup in March in Bangladesh, also turned sour when Misbah, Shahid Afridi and Umar Akmal all reportedly left the function early as they were not happy with comments passed on some players by the program host, well known writer and compere, Anwar Maqsood and later by a bunch of comedians.The players believed they were being unnecessarily ridiculed at the function and at one stage when Misbah was called on stage he told Anwar Maqsood that it seemed as if the players had come to the function after losing matches and not winning matches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13547512", "title": "'Gangs of Wasseypur' may be in soup", "text": "RANCHI: \" Gangs of Wasseypur\" may have won accolades at the 65th Cannes Film Festival, but back home it may land in trouble as the residents of Naya Bazar, Wasseypur in Dhanbad are up in arms for 'wrong' depiction or rather twisting of facts.The film is an epic tale of two families enmeshed in a feud spanning six decades, set against the backdrop of the rural coal mining communities in Dhanbad.Residents of Wasseypur are planning to file a case demanding ban on Anurag Kashyap's film which recently became the first mainstream Bollywood movie to be selected for the Director's Fortnight following its world premiere at the 65th Cannes Film Festival earlier this week. The film's star cast includes Manoj Vajpayee, Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Reema Sen and Richa Chadda. The film has been appreciated by critics for its powerful and entertaining plot with revenge as its core theme.On Saturday, the residents wrote to the Union information and broadcasting ministry, the Censor Board and deputy commissioner of Dhanbad and demanded that the film be stopped from screening in India.Javed Khan, who is leading the protest, said the residents were of the opinion that the film had not given a correct picture of the ground realities and had over exaggerated the facts to make it a hit on the silver screen.\"We have not seen the full movie as it is scheduled to be released in June in India, but whatever we could make out from the promos on television channels, we are sure that the director has not done justice in his portrayal. As the procedure demands, we should first file a protest with the Union government, censor board and deputy commissioner and so we have submitted a petition. Our next step will be filing a case in the court,\" said a fuming Khan. He said if the authorities did not take a serious note of their objection and do the needful, then a case would be lodged in Jharkhand High Court by Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13540174", "title": "Runaway couple given Gurgaon police protection", "text": "GURGAON: A runaway couple from Sohna was sent to a shelter house in Gurgaon after they approached a city court, seeking police protection. They said that they were facing threat to their lives and liberty.The court instructed the police to provide police protection and ensure their stay in shelter house at SCERT hostel till May 30.The couple, Raja Ram (35), native of Dhani Dhabala village of Jhunjhunu district in Rajasthan and Manju Bala (26), native of Mirzapur village of Mahendergarh district in Haryana, got married in a temple in Gurgaon on May 25 and was living in Friends Colony, Sohna, after marriage.But after coming to know of the wedding, the brother of the girl, the sarpanch of Mirzapur village and some other friends and relatives came to the couple's residence in Sohna and threatened to kill them. It was then that the duo approached the court for police protection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13568208", "title": "India will need foreign coaches: Christie", "text": "The last time Linford Christie was in India, it was a while ago for the Mumbai marathon. This time around, he was in Bangalore to promote the World 10k marathon, which took place on Sunday morning.Talking about promoting sports in India, Linford says, \"These days, it helps when more and more sports events are shown on television. People want to be what they see and they will take up sports that they like to see. The rewards are great in this regard. It definitely increases one's interest towards sports.\" The Jamaican-born Brit sprinter, though, feels that athletics is not being pushed enough in India and hence his decision to come back to the country and promote the cause of sports.Linford says, \"After the Commonwealth Games, the interest in sports in India has increased. The focus should be on the kids. Serious sports should be introduced to kids in school to groom the next generation of athletes.\" He goes on to add, \"Athletics is tough, and it takes lots of dedication and hard work to enjoy. A lot of countries have done it, like China at the Beijing Olympics.\"Quiz him about the Indian Olympic qualifiers and Linford is quick to says, \"Indians have always been good at sports like boxing, wrestling and hockey, so they have qualified in those sections. It's their tradition. But to excel in other forms of sports, India needs to bring in international coaches to train their sports stars.\" While on the topic of coaching, we ask Lindford as to what drives him to train youngsters. \"My coach helped me and if someone needs my help, then I will help them. I enjoy athletics and if I can bring a change in someone's life and help him/her realize their dream, then why not? It's better than winning myself.\"Outside the racing tracks, the other sports that Linford likes are boxing and T20 cricket. He says, \"A sportsperson always likes to watch different sports. I also like football, which is big in England.\"Linford hasn't had a smooth ride, having been surrounded with controversies throughout his career, yet he has taken it all in his stride. \" You do what you need to do. The people who try to pull you down are also human beings themselves. But you got to take the rough and smooth edges together, if you don't lose then you will not know the value of winning and vice versa. There are no short cuts here,\" says Linford.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13546938", "title": "Chief minister orders to locate land for auto park", "text": "RANCHI: He has survived a helicopter crash, suffered fracture in lumber region of the spine, broken his right ankle, left hand and has been on the bed for the past fortnight, yet chief minister Arjun Munda appears unfazed.Operating from his bed in a room on the ground floor of the chief minister's double-storey residence, Munda has ordered for identification of 500 acres of land for auto-component park that will be set up by Tata Motors.\"The need of hour is to increase exports and earn dollars. Since Tata Motors is willing to set up an auto-component park in the state, I have ordered the officers to identify 500 acres of land where they came up with specialized manufacturing units that will not only support the company but also export the surplus,\" said Munda who survived the helicopter crash along with his wife and four other people on May 9.The chief minister is hopeful of increased exports from the units at the auto park because most of the global auto companies depend on imported components which cost them less. \"Jharkhand being a place where qualified and skilled labourers are available in abundance, the manufacturers can supply components at a competitive cost,\" he said.The auto park will also help generate employment and revenue for the state as a large number of units will come up in the area. The probable place where the park will come up is Saraikela-Kharsawan district.At the same time, the chief minister has also approved the setting up of the second ultra mega power project (UMPP) in Deoghar district. The first UMPP of the state with a generation capacity of 4,000 MW by Reliance Power is coming up at Hazaribagh.Munda is closely monitoring the interaction between the Planning Commission and the state government officials in New Delhi. The chief minister is in constant touch with the state officials on what they present before the plan panel and how to take a stand for the cause of Jharkhand .He is more worried about the meetings because the state government has to convince the Planning Commission to approve the planned budget of Rs 16,300 crore for the current fiscal when the state government in 2011-12 was forced to bring down the planned size to Rs 12,300 crore from Rs 15,300 at the fag end of the year.\"Even after scaling down the budget, the state was not able to ensure 100% expenditure. I don't want to repeat the mistake this time and will take steps to ensure 100% utilization of the budgetary provision. The moment the officers will return, I will call them and collect finer details. By Monday, I will be in a position to be ready with a broad outline for proper utilization of the budget for the current fiscal,\" said Munda confidently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13572905", "title": "CBI arrests Jagan in DA case, uneasy calm in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: After three days of intense interrogation, YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy was arrested by the CBI on Sunday evening in connection with the disproportionate assets case. Apprehending violence from YSR Congress workers and Jagan fans, police enforced prohibitory orders all over Andhra Pradesh .An uneasy calm prevailed in Andhra and Rayalaseema regions after Jagan's arrest. Shopkeepers pulled down the shutters and the state-run Road Transport Corporation curtailed bus services to the districts. Telangana was cool to the Kadapa MP's arrest.Police effected preventive arrests of YSR Congress leaders in several towns and mandals to prevent any untoward incident. An RTC bus was attacked in Rajahmundry, while a curfew-like situation prevailed in Kadapa, the home town of Jagan. Cable TV connections were also cut off in places. As of now there is no news of violence.Earlier, Jagan arrived at the Dilkusha Guest House, where he was interrogated for nearly eight hours. He was accompanied by his trusted aide, Congress MP Sabbam Hari, Congress MLAs Alla Nani and Ranga Rao and senior leaders Bajireddy Goverdhan and Jupudi Prabhakar Rao. His close associate and financial adviser and accused number two in the case Vijay Sai Reddy also came along with Jagan's lawyer Ashok Reddy.Jupudi Prabhakar Rao, MLC, told reporters that their party president was \"unjustly\" arrested by the CBI. Later, Jagan's mother and honorary president of YSR Congress Vijayamma, his wife Bharati, sister Sharmila and brother-in-law Anil Kumar rushed to Dilkusha Guest House to meet him. Sources said Jagan would be produced in the special court for CBI cases on Monday, where he is anyway expected to appear in response to a summons issued by the judge.However, CBI continued to play a cat-and-mouse game, not coming out with all information with the result that a huge poose of newspersons and OB vans landed up before the house of the CBI special judge on Road No. 10, Banjaraq Hills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13536611", "title": "Farm widows taking to agriculture and making a go of it", "text": "In a tiny home tucked away in a corner of Kurzadi village in Wardha district, 41-year-old Ujjwala Petkar engages in long discussions with her sister-in-law Usha Petkar (45) over which seeds can be sowed this year, what kind of crop will grow the next and so on. If today farming brings them together, just a few years ago it was tragedy. Their husbands, who were brothers, committed suicide as they were buried under debts and couldn't see a way out.They were also confronted with a mountain of problems. Getting their children an education and paying off their husbands' debt was a priority but they had no clue how to go about it. \"My world came crashing down after my husband committed suicide in 2002. My two children were young and not only did I not know anything about money, I didn't even know the details of my husband's farm,\" says Ujjwala, whose husband, Prabhakar, owed Rs 2 lakh when he died.According to the rural development ministry, rural women form the most productive workforce in the economy of a majority of the developing nations, including India. Agriculture, the single-largest production endeavour in India contributing to 16% of the GDP, is increasingly becoming a female activity. Beyond the conventional market-oriented, narrower definition of 'productive workers', almost all women in rural India can be considered 'farmers' in some sense, working as agricultural labourers or unpaid workers in family farm enterprises, and sometimes a combination of the two.Taking all this into consideration, initiatives like the MS Swaminathan Research Foundation's Mahila Kisan Sashaktikaran Pariyojana give a boost to women's involvement in agriculture. In 2008, the institute stepped into the scene with an aim to empower women hit by the agriculture crisis. It decided to concentrate on Wardha and Yavatmal, two of the most crisis-stricken districts of Vidarbha. The idea was simple: institutional building through sustainable agricultural practices. The belief was that by empowering the woman of the family, the children would automatically benefit.Soon, the Petkar sisters-in-law, along with other women, started getting involved in the project, which covered around 1,354 women farmers organized into 86 women farmer groups across 55 villages. More than three years later, the success is out there to see. About 100 women farmers have undertaken some form of sustainable agricultural practices which help them reduce the cost of cultivation and over 250 women have established kitchen gardens which have helped them diversify their dietary basket and ultimately improve their nutritional status.Ujjwala now has managed to pay off a debt of Rs 1 lakh and get her daughter admitted to a nursing college. She now grows cotton, tur, soyabean and wheat on her five-acre irrigated land. She has also managed to get the land transferred to her name, something that is important after a man commits suicide. Usha, meanwhile, has managed to get one of her daughters married, and the other trained in nursing. Her two sons have taken up farming. \"I am left with only Rs 25,000 of the Rs 1,60,000 loan my husband had taken to repay,\" she says. Her husband, Kavdoji, committed suicide in February 2006.Kishor Jagtap, project coordinator at the institute, says it will still take long for major changes to be seen. \"Along with women, we focus on children as well since they will inherit. Last year, we conducted a massive drive and found that more than 50% women are anaemic. So a holistic approach is needed while empowering women to take own decisions. Once changes are seen in women, the children benefit automatically,\" he said.Indira Meshram from Takli village in Ralegaon block of Yavatmal district became part of the project in 2009. \"I didn't know anything about farming; now I know everything from manure to the importance of food security. I take all the decisions at home, not only about farming but everything else as well. The decision to send my son for a bachelor's degree in social work was also mine,\" she says.The institute has helped form councils of women which meet every once in a while to discuss issues. \"One woman teaches the other\" is the mantra. Melas are held once a year for women to meet and share their experience.Going by the success of the initiative, in 2010, finance minister Pranab Mukherjee budgeted Rs 100 crore for the Mahila Kisan Sashaktikaran Pariyojana and decided to extend it across the country. The programme became operational through the Union ministry of rural development, which invited applications from competent NGOs across India for the project, and the first review meeting took place in early April 2012, four months after the NGOs had begun their work. Now, about 10 NGOs working in Maharashtra, Kerala, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh , Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh are partners in this project.Medha Nanivadekar, director of the Centre for Women's Studies at Shivaji University in Kolhapur, said that such programmes are very important. However, the government needs to be flexible and able to replicate them in different areas of the country based on their uniqueness and context. \"Usually, government schemes look fantastic,\" she says, \"but when it comes to implementation it is often not possible because of ridiculous rules.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13571330", "title": "BCCI award cheques to former cricketers ahead of IPL final", "text": "CHENNAI: The BCCI on Sunday distributed the remaining installment of its one-time benefit payments to the country's 20 former international and domestic players ahead of the IPL final between Kolkata Knight Riders and Chennai Super Kings at the MA Chidambaram Stadium.Former India cricketers Sunil Gavaskar, Ravi Shastri , S Venkataraghavan, Javagal Srinath -- who have all played 100 or more Test matches -- were handed a cheque of Rs 6 crore by BCCI president N Srinivasan, BCCI secretary Sanjay Jagdale and IPL Governing Council Member Arun Jaitley.Navjot Singh Sidhu accepted a cheque for Rs 3 crores on behalf of the three players who have played between 50 and 74 Test Matches.BS Chandrasekar, BS Bedi and Sanjay Manjrekar accepted a cheque for Rs 6 crores on behalf of the eight players who have played between 50 and 74 Test Matches.FM Engineer and Shivlal Yadav accepted a cheque for Rs 10 crore 20 lakhs on behalf of the 17 players who have played between 25 and 49 Test matches.Abbas Ali Baig accepted a cheque for Rs 8 crore 50 lakhs on behalf of the 17 players who have played between 10 and 24 Test matches.The others to have been awarded were Madhav Mantri, AG Milkha Singh, Rajinder Goel, Amrjeet Kaypee, S Hyder Ali, K Bhaskar Pillai, Col G Inderdev, CD Gopinath and V Sivaramakrishna.The BCCI also extended the fund to include wives of former cricketers who are no more. Mrs Nirupama Mankad, Mrs Eknath Solkar, Mrs Ramakant Desai and Mrs Kripal Singh accepted the cheque of Rs 15 crores 25 lakhs on behalf of the 34 wives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13541064", "title": "'A curator's job is not just to pick objects for a show'", "text": "In November, Mumbaikars will get to meet Nesperrenub, a 3,000-year-old mummy. Actually he's ensconced inside a sarcophagus. But CT scans and 3D imagery have combined to produce a picture of Nesperrenub's bony remains. The mummy will be the chief attraction of over 80 Egyptian artefacts on loan from the British Museum at the Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Vastu Sangrahalaya (CSMVS).The show is the outcome of a partnership between CSMVS and the British Museum. Over the next five years, both museums intend to exchange artefacts and curatorial expertise. Neil MacGregor , director of the British Museum, was in Mumbai to address a leadership programme for curators from 12 Indian museums. \"The Indian museums want to do things with partners from all over the world,\" MacGregor says. \"They see themselves as part of the world stage. They are looking for international partners. And the links with London are old.\"The Egyptian show was picked by CSMVS director Sabyasachi Mukherjee , who was impressed with the British Museum's collection when he visited in 2003. The Museum is known to have the best ancient Egyptian collection outside of Egypt. The show that is coming to Mumbai was previously mounted at the British Museum in 2004. It was a success chiefly because it reveals the story behind Nesperennub, who was a priest in 800 BC. While mummies have for years been X-rayed in CT scan machines, this was the first time the scans were used to create a 3D image. It was revealed that the priest died when he was in his 40s and that he was generally healthy but had bad teeth. \"Everybody is fascinated by ancient Egypt ,\" MacGregor says. \"And through one person's life (Nesperennub), you can discover the whole world of ancient Egypt.\"One of the areas the leadership programme addresses is ways of mounting a show in a manner that engages the public. MacGregor says that museum curators have to think of \"ways of releasing the potential of collections to the big public\". He adds that a curator's job is not simply to pick objects for a show but to use collections inventively to draw audiences.The leadership programme has been organised by the National Culture Fund, a trust under the Union Ministry of Culture. The participants felt that such a programme was long overdue, as Indian museums, while they have superb collections, are languishing because they have no curatorial vision. \"There is a lack of training, a lack of motivation and a lack of policy,\" says Manvi Seth of the National Museum Institute in Delhi. \"It was about time the National Culture Fund took this initiative and about time the ministry thought about improving the conditions of museums.\"Two of Mumbai's museums are already well ahead of their counterparts elsewhere in India. The Bhau Daji Lad Museum has had several major shows that draw on its collections in interesting ways as well as travelling exhibitions from the Victoria and Albert Museum with which it has a partnership. CSMVS too has a constantly changing roster of shows that are relevant to the city. MacGregor is particularly impressed with CSMVS's children's programmes and wants its curators to help the British Museum attract more kids. And Indians. \"London is very much an Indian city,\" he says. \"They're an important part of our public.\"In the future, MacGregor hopes to show the British public artefacts from CSMVS, in particular its miniature paintings and sculpture. \"Everyone sees India as an economic giant,\" he says. \"The rest of the world wants to understand India, and the best way is to talk about its history.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13537591", "title": "Pre-marriage counselling must: Counsellors", "text": "BHOPAL: With increasing number of marital cases turning up at the counselling centres of Bhopal, the counsellors feel with changing lifestyles and mindset, pre-marital or pre marriage counselling would go a long way in dispelling the myths and misconceptions about marriage. The counsellors also rue that fact no such centre exists in the city.Counselling looks to pre-empt and resolve future marital disputes by getting couples to talk openly about their individual obligations towards family, work and domestic life.Counsellor at Mahila Thana, Mohib Ahmed says, \"Whether it's is a love marriage or an arranged, couples must come in for a pre-marriage counselling session because the dynamics change after marriage. After all in India, you don't just marry a person you marry the entire family.\"She recounted an incident where the couple that came in for counselling was fighting incessantly about petty issues, some of which were related with expectations from each other and the limits of marital behaviour.\"Also talking about sex or having impractical expectation from the spouse is unhealthy. This area needs to be addressed.\"Shabana, (name changed) who had come to the counselling centre seeking help, complained that during the courtship period her husband Faisal was fine with her western attire. \"After marriage, the behaviour of the husband changed and he forbade her from western outfits which angered Shabana. Sadly, even in the case of love marriage, the behaviour of the spouse changes towards one another,\" she said.Another counsellor Rita Tuli agreed. \"Divorce rates are so high these days. Also, reconciliation rates are dipping. Without pre-marriage counselling, reconciliation would soon be nil.\"Tuli, associated with All India Woman's Conference (AIWC) narrated a case where a South Indian boy was brought in by his relatives as he wanted to marry a Muslim girl, who was earning thrice his salary.\"We explained all the social, legal, economical and psychological aspects if he were to get into a nuptial with the girl,\" said Tuli.She added that marital discords were on the rise because of low patience levels. \"With increasing financial independence, more women are putting family on the back seat and taking decisions independently affecting marital life.\"The Catholic Church has a 'marriage preparation course' which prepares couples who are about to get married in six months' time about the family, physical, legal and social aspects of marriage. \"Only those couples who get the certificate, their marriage shall be blessed by the Church,\" informed Fr Anand Muttungal, spokesman of the MP Isai Mahasangh.\"Recently there was a discussion with some Muslim groups about the topic. They were also open to the idea of counselling to-be couples. This is very important not just from the religious but also from the social perspective,\" he added.Why Pre-marriage Counselling?Low tolerance levelInterference of parentsJoint family dynamicsDowry expectationsSpace/ freedom issuesNeglect of spouseHigh stress lifestylesCareer mindednessPatriarchal structureSex education", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13537212", "title": "Measures to improve quality of city lakes", "text": "HYDERABAD: City-based National Environment Engineering Research Institute (Neeri) has suggested that Osmansagar and Himayatsagar reservoirs be linked with the proposed Godavari drinking water supply project (Maulana Abul Kalam Hyderabad Srujala Sravanthi scheme) and the Pranahita-Chevella project for long-term benefits. In a report to the government, it also suggested 17 other measures to improve water quality of the two lakes.The Neeri suggestions came in the 300-page final report submitted by its experts to the Water Board last week. They also made certain other suggestions in the report. The Neeri expert committee which had taken up a study on how to protect Osmansagar and Himayatsagar reservoirs from pollution submitted a draft report to the Water Board in February.Based on the draft report, the HMWS&SB; and the Administrative Staff College of India (ASCI), Hyderabad, had conducted a workshop on 'Environmental Management Plan for Osmansagar and Himayatsagar Lakes in Hyderabad' with various stakeholders on March 15. Based on the discussions with the stakeholders, the experts prepared the final report and listed out 17 measures to improve the lakes.The report said an action plan for improvement of lakes (reservoirs) could be divided into three components - short-term, medium-term and long-term. \"Under the long-term plan, protection of lakes to create a sustained drinking water source for the city by linking it with the Pranahita-Chevella project to draw Godavari water and fill it up as storage tank can be considered,\" it said.It also suggested constitution of a high-level committee under the chairmanship of chief secretary with principal secretary, municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department and officials from various agencies like HMWS&SB;, GHMC and HMDA as members and issuing a separate GO for prohibition of fishing, bathing, washing and tourism in the reservoirs.Other suggestions include introduction of specific types of fish, which help in cleaning water, construction of garland canal to prevent pollution, strict implementation of GO 111 to preserve catchment areas of both the reservoirs, and construction of regional sewerage treatment plants in villages abutting the water bodies. These measures related to the reservoirs could be taken up as part of JNNURM Phase-II, it suggested.\"Soon, a letter along with Neeri final report will be sent to the government to constitute a high-level panel to implement the measures suggested by experts,\" HMWS&SB; managing director Adhar Sinha told STOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13539469", "title": "3 BSF men bag President\u2019s Police medals", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Border Security Force (BSF) held its 10th investiture ceremony at Vigyan Bhavan in New Delhi on Tuesday last. BSF personnel from Gujarat, DIG U K Nayal, of Ftr HQ BSF, DIG Virendra Kumar of SHQ Bhuj and Inspector Ram Singh of Ftr HQ were awarded the President's Police medals for meritorious service and gallantry by Union minister of state for home affairs, Jitender Singh.The investiture ceremony is held every year on May 22, which is the birth anniversary K F Rustumji, the BSF's founder.Nayal, 49, joined BSF in 1986 as an assistant commandant. He has served on almost on all borders of the country. In 1994, he was awarded President's Police medal for gallantry in fighting militants in Kashmir valley and putting his life in danger in service of the nation.Nayal also served in BSF training centres and contributed in shaping the career of many BSF men. He also served in Shashatra Seema Bal (SSB) at its training centre and shared his experiences with officers and men of the force, when this force was given the responsibility of securing the country's borders with Nepal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13547107", "title": "Donation menace: Schools to come under District Education Regulatory Committee scanner", "text": "DHARWAD: District Education Regulatory Committee (DERC) has been formed in Dharwad district to ensure that the government, aided and unaided schools and colleges follow the guidelines issued by the State Government regarding fee structure and admission process.The committee headed by the deputy commissioner comprises of officials of education department as its members. The DERC has been empowered to take action against the colleges and schools which flout government rules regarding the admission process and collection of capitation fee.Deputy commissioner Darpan Jain told reporters here on Saturday that Dharwad district has 1,155 primary schools, 378 secondary schools and 127 PU colleges out of which 64 are unaided colleges. The government in its new guidelines has clearly mentioned the seats to be reserved and the fees to be charged.Accordingly, the government schools and colleges should reserve cent per cent seats under government quota, while in aided schools and college the seat matrix will be 80:20 where 20 per cent of the seats are under management quota. In unaided and minority institutions, the seat matrix will be 50:50.Jain said the schools should strictly follow the fee structure as notified by the government and should not exploit students by charging high fees unauthorized. The fee structure has been forwarded to school and college principals and they have been directed to collect fees according to the chart.To bring in more transparency, the schools and colleges should display government fee chart and number of seats available under government quota.The DERC members have been instructed to visit every school and college to see that the guidelines are strictly followed. The district administration has also formed a complaint cell and a helpline desk at the DC's office.People who want to complain against any school or college for flouting government norms can dial phone number 2448250 (schools) and 2740277 (colleges) and register their complaints. The parents or students have to give in writing their complaint and a detailed probe would be conducted into the matter.Deputy director of pre-university education Ravindra Ritti was present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "nehru rose garden", "code": "13544743", "title": "Rabbits out of Nehru Rose Garden", "text": "NEHRU ROSE GARDEN: Watching rabbits and ducks at their antics will no longer be possible at the Nehru Rose Garden as the municipal corporation has finally moved them to a temple near Phillaur along Satluj River. Unable to care for the animals, the authorities were earlier planning to shift the rabbits to a hospital of People For Animals (PFA). However, sources said PFA was demanding Rs 100 a day to keep one rabbit, which MC was not willing to pay and so it looked for an alternative.MC had faced criticism from residents after some morning walkers found rabbits lying dead in the enclosure at the rose garden on April 27. Residents said it looked like the rabbits had been attacked by stray dogs and complained that MC was failing to keep strays away from the garden. MC, which did not even have permission to keep the animals in the park, claimed it does not have the necessary facilities to care for the animals and decided to move them out of the garden. They also decided to move the ducks along with the rabbits.The animals will now be kept in a vacant spot adjoining the Shani Temple near the river.Just before moving the rabbits on Saturday afternoon, officials were searching for suitable cages to transport them.Joint commissioner and head of horticulture branch A S Sekhon said, ''We found the temple better than PFA hospital as our officers had inspected the place therefore we shifted the animals there. We shifted the ducks along with the rabbits because we were not supposed to keep them in public.''Residents were, however, disappointed by the MC's move. Arun Bakshi, resident of New Tagore Nagar, ''As it is there were no roses in the garden. The rabbits and ducks were the only attraction and now they have gone too. The MC should have taken the needed permission and made arrangements to keep the animals in good condition. Instead, they have taken the easy and obvious route.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13537899", "title": "Fresh counseling on Tuesday", "text": "BANGALORE: As the post graduate medical seat selection came to an abrupt end at the Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences ( RGUHS) on Saturday, there was utter confusion among candidates awaiting their turn. The counselling had then reached the 2,000 rank.However, things fell into place soon after the officials informed the students that a fresh round of counselling will be held on May 29.STUDENTS, NOTE* All candidates who intend to surrender seats selected in the first round of counselling should do so between 10am and 4.30pm on May 28.* All seats surrendered without opting for exchange or fresh seats during the cancelled second round of counselling held on May 25 and 26 are deemed to have been surrendered. These seats will be included in the matrix for the fresh second round of counseling.* No surrender of seats is permitted during the second round of counselling. Only exchange of seats and fresh selection is permitted.* Seats surrendered after completion of the second round of counselling will be added to the seat matrix for the de-categorization round for further allotment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13542309", "title": "Bro files case against Rishi for fraud", "text": "NEW DELHI: Controversial NRI businessman Ravi Rishi, under investigation in the Tatra scandal, has now been caught in a vicious family feud with one of his brothers accusing him of fraud to rob them of their legitimate share in the family business.An equally bitter Ravi Rishi has hit back, claiming he has not even seen his brothers for almost a decade. The latest allegation comes at a time when the CBI probe into the Army chief's claim that he was offered bribe on Rishi's behalf, is critically poised.Jatinder Rishi, Ravi's younger brother, filed the petition before the Company Law Board in New Delhi, and during the hearing on May 24 the CLB directed Ravi Rishi and other respondents to respond to the petition. The CLB has fixed the next date of hearing on July 3.In a written response, Ravi Rishi said: \"I am very surprised as I have not seen my brothers for almost 10 years; they have been party to the sale and immediately collected their share of money. He did not even come to the funeral of his mother and father. This is unfortunate that when I have other issues, they are bringing family feuds also in the picture.\"Jatinder's advocate Uttam Datt said his client has accused Ravi of mismanaging Rishi Electronics Limited - the company started by their father in which all three brothers are shareholders - and of fraudulently selling company land worth Rs 32.35 crores in Okhla for Rs 12 crores in 2005, siphoning off about Rs 20 crores. Datt said Ravi also \"siphoned off funds from Rishi Electronics into Vectra Group\".The petition before the CLB said the third Rishi brother, Rajinder, had challenged the land deal in Delhi HC in 2006. \"The HC granted interim order against the sale and directed status quo to be maintained. Rajinder had also filed a plea in CLB alleging fraud by Ravi in the sale of factory land. In 2010, Ravi along with the builders pressurized Rajinder to unconditionally withdraw the suit,\" Datt said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13538584", "title": "Man dies after getting trapped in burning car", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 23-year-old hardware professional, son of a retired Border Security Force officer, died after being burnt alive inside his Swift car on Saturday morning. The deceased, Ashish Rathi, was a resident of Daulatabad village in Gurgaon. The incident took place around 9.30am near Barusarai area of Najafgarh, southwest Delhi.Rathi was brought to the Safdarjung Hospital with 95% burn injuries and was declared dead on arrival. While cops claim that it was an accident (on the basis of prima facie evidence), Ashish's father Sukhir Rathi has alleged foul play.According to Soni, the prime witness and the one who made the PCR call, he was walking down the fields on Saturday morning when he noticed fire emitting from the engine of a diesel-run white Swift car (HR 26AW 5784).\"I heard shouts from the direction of a car and some locals rushed to help. But a man was trapped inside the burning car and he could not come out as the central locking system refused to give way. Police arrived within a few minutes, followed by a fire tender. But the man was charred beyond recognition by then,'' said Soni.The deceased had left his home around 8am. The fire activated the central-locking system in the car and therefore the car doors did not open, police said. \"The entire car was burnt and we could hardly identify the deceased. The car-owner was traced by studying the chassis of the car. The car has been seized and it will be taken to the forensic lab in Rohini. The car manufacturer might also be asked to help us in the investigations,'' said an officer.Since Safdarjung Hospital was shut for the day, the family is yet to lay claim to the body. \"The car was newly bought and there couldn't be any major problem with it,'' a family member told TOI.Delhi fire chief A K Sharma said, \"There can be a number of reasons for the fire to have begun in the first place. We have collected whatever evidence we could and our forensic results will be crucial in this case.''Earlier this year, a 52-year-old man died after his car caught fire in Delhi Cantonment area. Pawan Kumar Gupta was on his way to Rohini from IGI airport when the engine of his WagonR caught fire and he died after being locked inside the car, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13531493", "title": "Sourav Ganguly tips KKR to win IPL 5", "text": "KOLKATA: Rating Gautam Gambhir ahead of Mahendra Singh Dhoni as far as captaincy is concerned, former India skipper Sourav Ganguly on Saturday put his money on Kolkata Knight Riders to win the fifth edition of the Indian Premier League.The Indian selectors might have lost faith in Gambhir who was removed from vice-captaincy ahead of the Asia Cup, but Ganguly named the Delhi opener as the skipper to lead his best XI also featuring Dhoni.\"Gautam Gambhir is the best captain of the IPL. I really liked the way he supported his players. He persisted with Yusuf Pathan as he delivered his best performance (for KKR) in two years,\" Ganguly said, referring to the allrounder's 21-ball 40 in their win over Delhi in the first qualifier.The Dhoni-led Super Kings who play their third final in as many years may be the favourites on paper but Ganguly put both the teams at par and hoped the Knight Riders would win their first title in five years.\"I want to wish both the teams. But I want to see a new champion. I think KKR would win this time,\" he said.\"Gambhir would be equally confident on the field. They (KKR) are a pretty balanced side and have been consistent this season. They have the players to win matches.\"Ganguly however said Gambhir would not have to prove the selectors anything.\"I don't think he would play with a mindset that he would have to prove something. The way they have performed this season is enough to inspire themselves for the big day tomorrow,\" Ganguly said.The Bengal icon however said the core CSK players could be \"role models\" for any side.\"They have stuck to their side for five years with players like Dhoni, Vijay, Badrinath being the core of the side all these time. They can be a role model for any T20 side.\"\"I've always said Dhoni is unparallel in the short versions, though there would always be a question mark on him when it comes to Test cricket,\" Ganguly said.The veteran said toss would play a crucial role at the Chepauk and also key would be the way Dhoni's men tackle mystery spinner Sunil Narine.\"Toss would be vital. I'm sure (Gautam) Gambhir would hope to win the toss and set a target. The whole game would change if Gambhir wins the toss.\"But at the same time, Chennai's 50 per cent job would be done if they manage to tackle Narine.Ganguly also did a post-mortem on the disastrous exit of Delhi Daredevils and held skipper Virender Sehwag responsible.\"He did the biggest mistake by inviting Chennai to bat after winning the toss. The decision of not playing spinners Shahbaz Nadeem and Roelof van der Merwe was also surprising,\" he said about Delhi's 86-run loss last night.Ganguly further said that Sehwag blundered in Pune when he opted for just one spinner on the slow track as they lost to KKR who made their first final in five attempts.\"Delhi got completely wrong in their team combination in Pune. Even in my dream I cannot think of playing one spinner and four seamers on Pune track,\" Ganguly said.\"Sehwag is responsible for both KKR and CSK's passage into the final. I just failed to understand his decisions,\" Ganguly said.Asked about his team's flop show as they finished with the wooden spoon, Ganguly, in a lighter vein, replied: \"The trend in IPL has been the team that finishes last plays the final...\"\"We did not bat well. Be it Ganguly or Clarke. We will have to start from zero next time. I'm yet to decide on my role in the team next year,\" he said without ruling himself out for the IPL-VI.Ganguly's Best XI: Gautam Gambhir (c), Chris Gayle , Rohit Sharma, Virat Kohli, Cameron White , Mahendra Singh Dhoni (wk), Jacques Kallis , Sunil Narine, Dale Steyn , Morne Morkel and Lasith Malinga; Stand-bye: Virender Sehwag; Coach: Stephen Fleming .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13537798", "title": "Balaiah pulls punches against Jagan", "text": "HYDERABAD: Y S Jaganmohan Reddy, who is being grilled by the CBI in the illegal assets case, faces yet another test in the form of 'explosive' Balakrishna. In the actor's forthcoming film titled 'Adhinayakudu' set for release on June 1, Balakrishna has enough explosive material to cause Jagan some discomfiture. A promo of the film is already out and the obvious target is Jagan.\"Manchinayakudu prajala gundello undalegani, roddu meeda bommallo kadu (A good leader should live in the hearts of the people not in the roadside statues)\" Balakrishna says, in an oblique reference to Jagan's Odarpu yatra. And he goes on to say: \"Unnattundi ee vigrahala rajakeeyam enduku modalu pettavo cheputhava, cheppincha mantava (Why have you all of a sudden started this politics around statues? Will you tell, or should I make you tell?\"The fiery dialogues Balakrishna delivers in his films are always a talking point and his fans as well as his critics enjoy them. Though the dialogues that he utters in the film do not have Jagan's name, they are clearly aimed at him. And this film is being released with an eye on forthcoming byelections.The thigh-slapping Balakrishna could not help Telugu Desam Party (TDP), headed by his brother-in-law N Chandrababu Naidu , come to power in 2009 elections though he did campaign for it but despite that the party leadership is sure to use his services again. With NTR Jr being sidelined by Chandrababu Naidu, Balakrishna will be a weapon in Naidu's armour in the 2014 elections. But before that, the Balakrishna-starrer 'Adhinayakudu' is expected to generate some heat for Jagan during the byelections.Jagan has been vitriolic against Chandrababu Naidu during his road shows but Naidu has not been up to his rival's visceral attacks.Another interesting thing about 'Adhinayakudu' is Secunderabad MLA Jayasudha playing the role of Balakrishna's wife in the movie. Balakrishna, it is learnt, plays three roles. After Y S Rajasekhara Reddy's death, Jayasudha hobnobbed with Jagan but Congress leaders prevailed upon her not to leave the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13537781", "title": "Government to find out if Fasih is in Saudi Arabia", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the mystery over the whereabouts of mechanical engineer Fasih Mehmood, 29, continues, the government is learnt to be preparing to seek information from Saudi authorities on the case. A day after TOI reported the plight of Fasih's pregnant wife, who saw him detained for questioning in Jubail, Saudi Arabia, on May 13, sources said the home ministry had asked the external affairs ministry to find out whether Fasih is still being questioned by Saudi authorities.Fasih, a native of Darbhanga in Bihar, was picked up from his house in Jubail for interrogation regarding his alleged involvement with the terrorist outfit Indian Mujahideen. However, confusion arose when a Saudi paper, Arab News, reported that Saudi Arabia had last week deported \"an engineer at the urgent request of the Indian government''. The report is available on the Net.\"We can only comment on the situation once we receive the status report, as we are not aware of the recent developments regarding Fasih. It can, however, be confirmed that he has not yet been handed over to the Indian security agencies,'' said a source in the home ministry. He added that once an official communication is received, they will ensure that Fasih is extradited to India. \"As of now, we do not know if he is also wanted in that country,'' said the officer.Intelligence agencies have claimed that Fasih was 'arranging' funds for IM operations in India. Two detained suspects, Khomeni and Kafeel Akhtar, are said to have named him. However, Fasih's family has provided proof that he entered and left India regularly, and the authorities could have arrested him at the IGI airport if they suspected his involvement with terrorists.The Arab paper reported that security agencies sought Fasih's extradition after Akhtar claimed he knew him. Eventually, it was the Saudi interior ministry that contacted Fasih's employers.\"We were told by the Jubail police and some senior officials at the Indian embassy that (Fasih) Mehmood is wanted in India for some anti-social activities and that we should immediately hand him over to the police,\" one of the managers at the company told Arab News. \"We did exactly as we were told. Mehmood was taken to the Jubail police station along with his passport.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13537868", "title": "Mobile squad to check traffic in old Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: Navigating through the crowded roads of the old Bhopal has never been an easy task. In order to deal with the traffic snarls, the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) and the district administration are jointly planning to deploy a mobile squad in the old Bhopal, especially at market areas.A decision to this effect was taken by BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava and collector Nikunj Shrivastava during their visit to old Bhopal a few days ago.\"We visited old Bhopal to mark space for multi-level parking,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said. \"However, we were hassled by traffic snarls and parking mismanagement here. Therefore, we decided to send a squad to improve traffic conditions here,\" he added. The BMC in cooperation with the district administration will send a mobile squad from time to time to monitor the traffic management here, a BMC spokesman said .Most of the time, encroachment and haphazardly parked vehicles have been the main reasons for jams in places like Ibrahimpura, Jummerati, Chowk Bazaar and Azad Markets, spokesman said, adding, the mobile unit would not lose any time in taking action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13541106", "title": "Pillion rider dies in mishap, biker arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: The MIDC police on Friday arrested a biker allegedly for rash and negligent driving that claimed the life of his friend who was riding pillion on the two-wheeler.The police said the incident occurred around 12 noon when the biker, Pawankumar Kharewal (24), was heading towards Andheri (E) along with the victim, Pushankumar Chaudhari (24), to meet some friends.Kharewal was speeding and the motorcycle skidded on Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Road in Andheri (E). Chaudhari, who was riding pillion, fell on his head. Kharewal suffered minor injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13524842", "title": "Shahid in Wanted 2?", "text": "Buzz is that Prabhu Deva plans to make the sequel to the Salman Khan starrer Wanted with Shahid Kapoor.Sources reveal that Khan has given his blessings to Prabhu and asked him to go ahead with the project. The film will showcase Shahid in a totally different look and have him do high-octane action films. \"Prabhu and Shahid have met and they are quite excited about the chance of working together. Shaks is a huge fan of the choreographer turned director and has asked him to get the script in place as soon as possible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13542784", "title": "Saudi woman fights cops for painted nails", "text": "LONDON: A video of a brave Saudi woman confronting members of the country's religious police after they accused her of breaking strict modesty rules with her freshly painted nails, has gone viral on internet. The unidentified woman refuses their demands to she leave the mall where was in present and tells them that her nails are 'none of (their) business'.After she filmed the incident on her cell phone and it was posted online, her row with members of the Commission for the Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice has gone viral. It has ignited a debate in Saudi Arabia over the way that members of the commission should deal with people in public places, the Daily Mail here reported.The video shows several men in traditional Saudi dress, who have apparently stopped the woman to chastise her for the immodesty of her freshly manicured nails. One of the men orders the woman to leave the mall, but she refuses and the pair become embroiled in a heated argument in the middle of the mall's concourse. 'The government didn't send you to follow me,' she yells at the men. 'The government said there would be no persecution[of women], she is heard saying. In two days, the video has got 106,512 views on YouTube.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13556471", "title": "KKR vs CSK: Chingri cutlet vs Keerai vada", "text": "Nightclubs to dish out a wide platter. Here's a lowdownThe Chrome Hotel Final Countdown at Iinferno. Live match screening with chilled beer and snacks. IPL special midnight buffet (11 pm-2 am) at Khanasutra at 699 with two complimentary beer bottles.Heka, The Stadel The bartenders will be seen sporting the Team Kolkata jersey. In-house DJ Rinki will play chartbusters. A giant screen will feature the match. Theme-based snacks and beverages such as Super Kings Googly and Kallis Matic.Fortune Select Loudon Special liquor puckhaon every big hit by Team Kolkata at Nostradamus. The club will be decked in yellow and purple and will also play IPL theme music. Unlimited liquor and snacks at 999. Free summer cocktails from Irfan, the mixologist.The HHI Big screen. Happy hours between 7 pm and 9 pm at Underground. DJ Ashley Walbrige and live Fillipino band. Cricket-special menu such as Lee's Fastest, Gambhir's Square Drive and Dhoni's Copter. First 20 couples will get one complimentary pint beer.The Park Giant screens at Tantra, Roxy and Aqua. Unlimited beer against cover charges. The menu includes Team Chennai's fave Keerai Vada and Chicken 65 and Team Kolkata's Chingri Cutlet and Chicken Kati.'My sixth sense says that KKR will win. In sport there are several winning moments, I see them with KKR. Luck, it seems, is also with the team' - Sourav Ganguly-Compiled by Stuti Agarwal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13548830", "title": "Protest against petrol price hike continues", "text": "KANPUR: The protest against the petrol price hike continued on Saturday.The members of Rashtriya Ulema Council took out a cycle march to register a protest against the hike in the prices of petrol. The cycle march began from Ghantaghar crossing and passed through Halsi Road, Coolie Bazaar, Latouche Road, Machine Market, Basmandi crossing, Halim College crossing, Rupam crossing, Yatimkhana crossing, Parade crossing and Shikshak Park.The members of Ulema Council raised anti-government slogans and termed it to be a wrong decision. They were holding black flags and banners. A number of people supported them when they passed through different localities.The members of Bal Vikas Sewa Samiti also staged a protest at Ghantaghar on Saturday morning.The students protested and raised anti-government slogans. The traders of the area also joined the movement and they joined a car behind mules.This was done to show that the time has come when the four-wheelers would be pulled by horses, mules and bulls as people are not in a position to afford petrol.The members of Bharatiya Janata Party and Samajwadi Party also continued the protests. Effigies of petroleum minister Jaipal Reddy and Congress government were burnt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13537115", "title": "'Post-delivery care must to cut maternal deaths'", "text": "NAGPUR: Three out of ten women in rural areas still die due to excessive bleeding during delivery. In fact, India is known among the top three countries with such a high maternal mortality. But a majority of these deaths can be prevented with special and concerted efforts in dealing with post-delivery care of the woman.The Federation of Gynaecological Socities of India (Fogsi) has taken up post-delivery, or postpartum, care as one of its missions. The federation has been training and equipping the doctors at all levels in a big way since the past two years. \"Lack of postpartum care still accounts for 30-34% of deaths of women in the country, and lack of training and knowledge on the part of doctors handling pregnancies at the primary level is the leading cause of maternal mortality. Hence, Fogsi has taken this subject on priority basis,\" said Dr Mandakini Megh, one of the vice presidents of the federation and a leading obstetrician and gynaecologist from Mumbai who has worked with Cama and Albless hospital for long.Dr Megh was in city for a Fogsi workshop on 'Advances in postpartum care' organized by Nagpur Obstetrics and Gynaecological Society (NOGS) on Saturday. She said that the federation is training the auxiliary nurse midwife (ANM) and Ashas as 'skilled birth attendants' to identify high risk mothers with symptoms and conditions like high blood pressure , anaemia, high bleeding in previous delivery, heart disease and multiple pregnancies (twins) and refer them to higher centres and skilled obstetricians. They are given three weeks training on handling such patients. \"Now, Fogsi has authorized ANMs to prescribe or give Mesoprosatol, a drug used to reduce bleeding, and also administer IV fluid which they were not allowed to do until now. This will at least help in stabilizing the patient before shifting her to a tertiary centre and can save a life,\" Dr Megh said.The reason for maternal mortality due to improper postpartum care is delay on the part of the obstetricians and gynaecologists to decide to call an expert in case of emergencies like severe bleeding. \"Through Fogsi, we are trying to convince the doctors to put their egos aside while dealing with difficult cases and either refer to an expert or call one to the hospital. There can be delay at referring case from primary to tertiary centre, delay in decision making at tertiary unit by unskilled doctor and delay at the unit to accept the patient.If the doctor is not skilled, s/he should not try to pursue the case at the cost of the patient's life,\" said Dr Megh.Hence, Fogsi is also giving a six-month training to MBBS doctors at primary level to handle such cases if there is no time to refer to tertiary hospital. The federation is also concentrating on training doctors in immediate postpartum contraception as these women never come back again for it. Other areas under focus are breast feeding, surgical and medical management of difficult cases and psychosis in women after delivery.Empowering docs with fellowships, projectsWith the aim of upgrading the expertise of doctors in different obstetric and gynaecological specialities, the Indian College of Obstetrics and Gynaecology (ICOG), an arm of Fogsi, has begun a number of certificate courses in different techniques and skilled operations in the field. It also offers a number of fellowships, both domestic and international, and a variety of research projects to improve the diagnostic, treatment and surgical skills of doctors.Speaking about some of these initiatives, vice chairperson of ICOG and former Fogsi vice-president Dr Suchitra Pandit told TOI that the college was providing certificate courses in perineonatlogy - a subspecialty of obstetrics concerned with the care of the foetus and complicated, high-risk pregnancies - endoscopic surgery, reproductive endocrinology, one-stop prevention of diabetes in children of diabetic mothers through the DIPSI (test developed by Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Group India).To encourage members of ICOG, the federation also offers fellowships to doctors with at least five years post MD experience, two paper presentations and one publication. Similarly, for members of Fogsi, the ICOG offers international fellowships with basic qualifications of seven years of post MD and five publications. \"We organize proper convocations and recognition award functions to honour these doctors. It acts as a big motivation,\" said Dr Pandit. ICOG allows its 500 members the benefit of accreditation and credit points for attending CMEs and workshops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13542181", "title": "Panjab University hostellers kick up a stink over water", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While water woes continue to cripple city households during the peak summer season, Panjab University hostel inmates are equally upset with water scarcity.The need to queue up every morning due to low water pressure and limited water supply in certain hostels is play havoc with the students. The problem is particularly stark in most boys' hostels, especially hostel number 4, 5 and 8 and certain girls' hostels as well. Students pointed how having a bath has become an uphill task each morning.\"Everyday there is literally a war among students residing on top floors for who will bathe first. Exam days are especially bad as everyone wants to reach on time. Most of the time the water pressure is so low that it is hard to fill a bucket,\" said Sandeep Boora, a resident of hostel number 4.It's not only boys who are facing hard times, girls are equally exasperated with the water menace issue. A resident of Kasturba Hostel said, \"There is a major water problem in our hostel. At times we use water from coolers meant for drinking water to brush teeth. Some girls fill their buckets at night to avoid long queues in the morning.\"Girls hostel residents have reported major water problem between 10.30am and 1pm, 2pm and 7pm and 10pm and 6am.In the absence of vice-chancellor on the campus, even protests outside his office by hostel inmates could not wake up the university authorities from their slumber, claimed students.Agitated students cite that the problem in Hostel 8 on south campus has been stark. \"A few days ago, there was no water for drinking. Despite it being a newly-constructed one, students are facing so many problems there, sometimes its electricity, sometime its water woes,\" said a student of UIET, declining to be named.Kudeep Attri, a student from department of laws, residing in PU hostel, added, \"Hostel authorities should have been prepared in advance when they knew that there would be scarcity of water in summers.\"Blaming the MC for the water crunch in city and apparently shrugging off the responsibility, Kalpana Mahajan, Dean Student Welfare (Women) said, \"The water problem is not specific to the campus, entire city is facing the shortage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13548069", "title": "Kids are vulnerable to heatstroke: Doctor", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Heat-related illnesses are common, yet preventable. Elderly people and children, especially those more exposed to heat during the school routine work, need extra precautions. Dehydration, heatstroke and other heat illnesses may affect a child more severely than the average adult.Talking of precaution and other associated factors related to extreme heat, paediatrician Dr Jaivardhan Rai, explained as to why children more susceptible to extreme heat.The doctor said that children have a smaller body mass to surface area ratio than adults, making them more vulnerable to heat-related morbidity and mortality. Children are more likely to become dehydrated than adults because they can lose more fluid quickly as they play outside more than adults and hence are at greater risk of heat stroke and exhaustion.Talking of how to identify that a child is dehydrated, Rai said that the symptom include decreased physical activity, lack of tears when crying, dry mouth, red and dry skin, little or no sweating, deep breathing, dizziness, headache , fatigue, less urine and dark yellowish colour, loss of consciousness and irritability and fussiness. Than what should a mother do if her child has become dehydrated? He said that the child should drink fluid replacement products. They should stay in a cool, shaded area and sip fluids periodically and yes, do call your doctor if symptoms do not improve or worsen.But as prevention is better that cure, every child should be protected from the effects of extreme heat. Parents should make sure that children are drinking plenty of fluids while playing outside, especially if they are participating in sports or rigorous physical activity.\"While filling the water bottle of your kid add a pinch of salt and sugar and add few drops of lemon juice,\" another expert suggested. Ask the little ones to consume this fluids before, during and after periods of time spent in extreme heat.Similarly, ask your kid to stay indoors and let them play outside only in the morning or evening. \"Never leave a child in a parked car, even if the windows are open,\" he said. Likewise, children should be dressed in light, loose clothes on extremely hot days. Cotton is ideal because sweat can evaporate and cool down the child's body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13537303", "title": "Gurgaon police widen dragnet", "text": "GURGAON: After arresting a Nigerian and his Indian accomplice on charges of drug peddling, Gurgaon police has drug pedlars of Delhi in its crosshairs.Gurgaon Police's CIA team conducted raids in several places in Delhi on Saturday. Apart from the houses of the accused, the police team also raided the houses of two other Nigerians in Nawada, Delhi. Police have not succeeded in catching them but recovered some fake IDs like driving licence and voter cards from their whereabouts.On Friday, the Gurgaon police arrested a Nigerian and a Bihar native and seized 410gm brown sugar kept in a courier packets going from Gurgaon and meant to be delivered in Spain. The seized drug is worth Rs 70 lakh. About a month ago police had recovered 370gm brown sugar from a courier agency, when the agency operator raised an alarm.In the recent case, the packet was taken to the agency by Raghavendra Kumar Jha, accomplice of the Nigerian, Henry North (Nath).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13541480", "title": "Power cuts add to city's woes", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Frequent power cuts and low voltage have added to the woes of the city that is boiling at temperature more than 40 degree Celsius for the past few days. The power situation will continue to be miserable for at least the next 10 days because there is a major breakdown in the grid on the outskirts of the city.According to sources, a 40 MVA transformer in Chandaka grid, which supplies power to the Capital city has broken down for the last five days. Currently, power is being supplied through low capacity transformers leading to additional pressure, power failure and low voltage. \"Repair work is going on a war-footing. We are replacing the old transformer with a new one, which will take at least 10 more days,\" said director (commercial) Gridco, P K Pradhan.Besides, there is also problem in the 400 KV supply line at Mendhasala. As a result, power has to be supplied through 220 KV line leading to low voltage and sudden tripping. \"With the rise in temperature, the demand for power has increased many times because of the use of air-conditioners, coolers and fans leading to fluctuating power supply and low voltage,\" said an officer of CESU.\"The situation is so horrible that neither can we stay inside the house nor can we go out in the scorching heat. Air conditioners are not working while fans and coolers are moving at a slow speed because of low voltage. Even CESU officials are not picking up the phone to register complaints,\" said Minakshi Hota, a housewife. To get rid of the blistering temperature a large number of people are thronging to shopping malls and cinema halls. \"At least inside a shopping mall you can get respite from the blistering heat and hot wind like situation for some hours,\" said Amit, a college student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13536770", "title": "Three arrested in Chanda double murder case", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Ram Nagar police successfully cracked the mystery of double murder and arrested three accused on Friday night. Shockingly, the motive behind the double murder turned out to be a trivial dispute among two groups of hooligans.Bodies of Ahmed Ali and Basraj Yadav, both native of Ghugus, were found lying in a pool of blood in a dilapidated house in Hinglaj Bhavani ward on Friday morning. Initially, cops had difficulty in finding the lead into the case. However, the cops tracked down the movements of victims prior to the murder which led them to the assailants. The three accused, identified as Rahim Khan, Rajesh alias Raju Dandawar and Lala alias Rupesh Dhale, were arrested on Friday night.Investigating officer and Ram Nagar PSO MD Sharnagat informed that victims Ahmed and Basraj along with their friend Rajesh Pawde had picked up quarrel with accused Raju and his friend Vikky Mohurle at Junona square on bypass road on Thursday evening. \"Rajesh had snatched Raju's cell phone. Their group had also offered liquor to Vicky's father who became high some days back. Tantrum broke out at Junona square between the two groups over these issues. The quarrel took an ugly turn when Raju was punched on his face,\" Sharnagat explained.Fuming Raju got drunk and took Khan and Lala along to seek revenge. They knew Ahmed's group would be found in their Hinglaj Bhawani ward den. \"Armed with clubs and knives, Raju and his friends attacked Ahmed and Basraj late on Thursday night. The trio took the victims by surprise and stabbed them to death. Rajesh survived as he was not at the den when the assailants attacked,\" Sharnagat informed.He claimed that all the three accused were picked up late on Friday night. They all confessed of the crime during interrogation. Cops have also recovered the weapons and blood stained clothes from the accused. All the three have been booked under murder charges, Sharnagat added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13571239", "title": "We will play our best in final, says Shah Rukh Khan", "text": "CHENNAI: Kolkata Knight Riders co-owner Shah Rukh Khan exuded confidence ahead of his team's IPL final against defending champion Chennai Super Kings , saying they will play their best on Sunday.\"We will play our best .... And hopefully the other team will also do the same and we will have a great match,\" he told reporters.Praising KKR's captain Gautam Gambhir , he said, \"Gambhir was one of the finest leaders we all have seen.\"Calling Chennai fans a \"sporting crowd \" Shah Rukh said: \"Whichever team plays well, they appreciate them.\"Asked whether there was any message to the team from West Bengal chief minister Mamta Banerjee, he said: \"Everytime, we win a match, she calls wherever we are...in one of the matches we have not won and she was there. She went out of her way and kept on telling us not to worry and that we would win next time. It was nice.\"If KKR won the match this time, he said, \"We will put some Mishti Doi (Bengali sweet recipe) and Dosa and try that combination.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "13539048", "title": "Jewellery shop robbed of Rs 1 crore", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Armed miscreants robbed a jeweller's shop of cash and jewels worth Rs 1 crore at Indirapuram in Ghaziabad on Saturday.With few people in the market due to the scorching heat, the three miscreants, armed with pistols and knives, held the owner, Shanu Gupta, at gunpoint as they went about robbing the shop, police said.\"The miscreants then locked up the owner at the back of the shop,\" a senior police officer said. Only three persons, including the owner, were present in the shop when the incident took place.\"Preliminary investigations suggest the three miscreants had waited for the customers to depart before setting in motion their plan. They also seemed aware that there were no CCTV cameras inside the shop or in the neighborhood,\" said Goraknath Yadav, SHO, Indirapuram.\"They made off with almost 2.5kg of gold and 50kg of silver along with cash totalling Rs 1 crore,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13537741", "title": "Woman Maoist killed in Balaghat encounter", "text": "BHOPAL: A suspected woman Maoist was on Saturday killed in a fierce encounter with the anti-Maoist operation force of the state police that lasted for at least six hours on a hill close to Bamni village in Balaghat district of Madhya Pradesh.The deceased rebel is yet to be identified but the police suspect that she might have intruded into Balaghat from the neighbouring Chhattisgarh state, where the reds writ runs large in some places.On a tip-off that a group of about 50 suspected rebels were found at Bamni village coming under Roopjhar police station area, some 45 km from Balaghat district headquarters, the MP police anti-Maoist operation group - Hawk Force - rushed to the spot. On seeing the rebels, the police asked them to surrender which was responded with firing from the rebels, police said.\"Our party is returning from the jungle. We are certain that a woman Maoist has been killed,\" Balaghat superintendent of police Sachin Atulkar told TOI. He said that the rebels were around 50 in number. He said it was too early to give the exact number of rounds fired in the gunbattle.After the police killed the woman Maoist, the ultras tried to take the deceased on their back, a process that they do normally. But in the fierce firing from the Hawk Force, they left the body behind and melted in the thick jungles. The body is in possession of the MP police now.Atulkar denied that the police constable was injured in the encounter.According to some intelligence inputs around 300 Maoists, including their women cadre, had sneaked into Balaghat district from Chhattisgarh and Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13555948", "title": "Beyonce nervous about comeback", "text": "Singer Beyonce Knowles is worried about returning to thestage for the first time after having a baby. She gave birth to her first child with daughter Blue Ivy in January.\"I feel a little nervous. I'm enjoying being a mother so it's like going back to my old job, and it's a little strange. But it's important that you don't lose yourself and still have your own passions. And so I'm back to work, I'm back to business,\" contactmusic.com quoted the singer as saying.Knowles choreographer Danielle Polanco also revealed getting the star back in shape is a challenge because she hasn't worked out in some time.\"We're basically warming her up and getting her back into shape, Stretching her out ... she hasn't been working out in I don't know how long,\" Polanco said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "13542904", "title": "Nepal heading for political uncertainty?", "text": "KATHMANDU: Nepal seems to be heading for a political crisis. Deadline for the new Nepalese constitution is Sunday, but even by Saturday Nepal's political parties are yet to find an elusive deal on the on the number of provinces and the basis for their division.The Unified Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist) and the Madhesi parties from southern Nepal want the number of provinces, their names and their boundaries to be mentioned in the new constitution while the Nepali Congress and Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist) say a constitution without these issues could be promulgated.\"A federal commission and the new parliament could decide these issues later,\" said Nepali Congress leader Arjun Narsingh KC. \"Provinces based on identity is not acceptable to us in an condition.\" The Maoist view is exactly opposite.\"We want federal units based on ethnic identity,\" said Devendra Poudel, political advisor to PM Baburam Bhattarai. \"That is what our struggle was for all these years including the people's war.\" Nepal Congress maintains that since Nepal is a multi-ethnic, multi-cultural country, federal units must not be based on single ethnic identities but multi-ethnic identities.With the supreme court having ruled that the term of the constituent assembly cannot be extended as in the past, a political vacuum is imminent. The two sides also differ on the alternatives.\"There will be no alternative than to go for another general election for constituent assembly,\" said Bimalendra Nidhi Nepali Congress leader, who has been involved in the talks. But the Maoists do not want that. \"We will somehow through a political agreement have to save the constituent assembly,\" said Poudel.Various groups staged sit-ins outside the constituent assembly Saturday and security across the country has been tightened as political tensions heighten.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13541178", "title": "Discrepancies in gold outlets, reveals raid", "text": "MADURAI: Gold buyers beware. A raid by the labour department officials in jewellery outlets in Madurai revealed that 30 of the 72 small and medium shops were cheating the public by tweaking the electronic weighing machines.Even the weights and measures in these outlets did not conform to the norms and gullible buyers have been paying more than the gold bought.Two teams of officials led by assistant director of the labour department N Govindan raided 72 jewellery outlets located on Mettu Theru, South Avani Moola Street, Nethaji Road, Jadamuni Kovil street and adjoining areas.The officials found several discrepancies, including weights without proper stamps by the labour department, weighing machines that were allegedly tweaked to show the wrong weight of gold and unauthorised weighing machines. A few outlets were found to be using imported electronic weighing machines that were not approved by the labour department. For instance, the weighing machine in one outlet showed the weight of gold as 0.125 mg more for each gram.\"We have initiated legal action against 30 jewellery outlets that were found to be violating norms. The weighing machines from these outlets were also seized,'' Govindan said.The outlet owners and employees, taken aback by the sudden raid, claimed to the probing officials that they were not aware of any violations. However, the officials took them to task and also sent a warning to other outlets against the unethical and illegal practices.Ten months ago, the labour department had conducted a raid on jewellery outlets in the same locality and similar discrepancies had been found then. But since only a meagre penalty of Rs 2,500 is imposed on the violators, it hardly serves as a deterrent.\"We will conduct frequent raids in the coming days to curb the illegal practices. The public should also be careful in choosing the gold outlet for their purchase,'' a labour official said.\"The outlets themselves should test their weighing machines at least once in week as these machines are very sensitive and even a marginal discrepancy would result in the public paying an additional price,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "13572393", "title": "Two share lead as chess championship heads for close finish", "text": "TIRUPATI: The National Challenger Chess Championship is heading for a close finish with third seed Debashis Das and Tamil Nadu youngster G Akash sharing the lead with 9.5 points after registering crucial victories in the 12th and penultimate round on Sunday.Opting for declined variation in Queen's Gambit, Debashis maneuvered his double rooks to good effect to garner full points after 74 moves while Akash set-aside his last round loss to register a comfortable win over seasoned International Master Dinesh Sharma of LIC in a French defence game.Fide Master Diptayan Ghosh of West Bengal is occupying the lone second spot with nine points after settling for a draw with VAV Rajesh (TN).Abilash Reddy along with Bitan Banerjee of West Bengal and Sagar Shah (Maharashtra) are at joint third place with 8.5 points. Banerjee defeated K Praneeth Surya (AP) and Shah got the better off International Master Rahul Shetty of Air India in the penultimate round.Important Results Round 12: Abhilash Reddy M L of Andhra Pradesh (8.5) lost to IM Debashis Das of Odisha (9.5); FM Rajesh VAV of Tamilnadu (8) drew with FM Diptayan Ghosh of West Bengal (9); G Akash of Tamilnadu (9.5) beat IM Dinesh Sharma of LIC (7.5); IM S Satyapragyan of Air India (8) drew with Arun Karthik R of Tamilnadu (8); IM Sudhakar Babu of Indian Bank (8) drew with IM Swayams Mishra of Odisha (8);IM Saptarshi Roy of Railways (8) drew with Anurag Mhamal of Goa (8); Syed Anwar Shazuli of Railways (8) drew with IM Suvrajit Saha of Railways (8); Sanjay N of Karnataka (8) drew with IM Singh D P of Railways (8);Arindam Mukherjee of Railways (8) drew with IM Praveen Kumar C of Railways (8); Bitan Banerjee of West Bengal (8.5) beat K Praneeth Surya of Andhra Pradesh (7.5); IM Ramnathan Balasubramaniam of Railways (8) drew with IM Murali Krishnan B T of Railways (8); IM Atanu Lahiri of LIC (8) drew with Sidhant Mohapatra of Odisha (8);CRG Krishna of Andhra Pradesh (8) drew with Pratik Patil of Maharashtra (8); Ravi Teja S of Andhra Pradesh (8) drew with Shashikant Kutwal of Railways (8); Arvind Shastry of Karnataka (8) drew with Ram S Krishnan of TamilnTwo share lead as chess championship heads for close finishTIRUPATI: The National Challenger Chess Championship here is heading for a close finish with third seed Debashis Das and Tamil Nadu youngster G Akash sharing the lead with 9.5 points after registering crucial victories in the 12th and penultimate round on Sunday.Opting for declined variation in Queen's Gambit, Debashis maneuvered his double rooks to good effect to garner full points after 74 moves while Akash set-aside his last round loss to register a comfortable win over seasoned International Master Dinesh Sharma of LIC in a French defence game.Fide Master Diptayan Ghosh of West Bengal is occupying the lone second spot with nine points after settling for a draw with VAV Rajesh (TN).Abilash Reddy along with Bitan Banerjee of West Bengal and Sagar Shah (Maharashtra) are at joint third place with 8.5 points. Banerjee defeated K Praneeth Surya (AP) and Shah got the better off International Master Rahul Shetty of Air India in the penultimate round.Important Results Round 12: Abhilash Reddy M L of Andhra Pradesh (8.5) lost to IM Debashis Das of Odisha (9.5); FM Rajesh VAV of Tamilnadu (8) drew with FM Diptayan Ghosh of West Bengal (9); G Akash of Tamilnadu (9.5) beat IM Dinesh Sharma of LIC (7.5); IM S Satyapragyan of Air India (8) drew with Arun Karthik R of Tamilnadu (8); IM Sudhakar Babu of Indian Bank (8) drew with IM Swayams Mishra of Odisha (8);IM Saptarshi Roy of Railways (8) drew with Anurag Mhamal of Goa (8); Syed Anwar Shazuli of Railways (8) drew with IM Suvrajit Saha of Railways (8); Sanjay N of Karnataka (8) drew with IM Singh D P of Railways (8);Arindam Mukherjee of Railways (8) drew with IM Praveen Kumar C of Railways (8); Bitan Banerjee of West Bengal (8.5) beat K Praneeth Surya of Andhra Pradesh (7.5); IM Ramnathan Balasubramaniam of Railways (8) drew with IM Murali Krishnan B T of Railways (8); IM Atanu Lahiri of LIC (8) drew with Sidhant Mohapatra of Odisha (8);CRG Krishna of Andhra Pradesh (8) drew with Pratik Patil of Maharashtra (8); Ravi Teja S of Andhra Pradesh (8) drew with Shashikant Kutwal of Railways (8); Arvind Shastry of Karnataka (8) drew with Ram S Krishnan of Tamilnadu (8);IM Rahul Shetty of Air India (7.5) lost to Sagar Shah of Maharashtra (8.5); Prakash G B of Indian Bank (7.5) drew with Phadke Sohan of Maharashtra (8);Karthikeyan P of PSPB (8) beat IM Anup Deshmukh of LIC (7); Prince Bajaj of Delhi (8) beat IM Saptarshi Roy Chowdhury of Railways (7); Praveen Prasad of Andhra Pradesh (7.5) drew with IM Ramnath Bhuvanesh of Tamilnadu (7.5); FM Ramakrishna J of Andhra Pradesh (7) lost to Narayanan S L of Kerala (8);", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13570455", "title": "Spic Macay national convention from Monday", "text": "MANGALORE: The 27th national convention of the Society for Promotion of Indian Culture and Music Among Youth (SPICMACAY) will be held at the National Institute of Technology - Karnataka (NIT-K), Surathkal here from Monday to June 3.The convention spans over a week with a blend of various cultural events, including spectacular performances by 20 great stalwarts and eminent artistes from different parts of the country, 20 intensive programmes on Classical music, folk dance amongst many others.The convention is expected to have a very wide participation pool of 1,000 odd delegates from all corners of the country and abroad, including students from 250 towns in India, SAARC Countries, US, Canada, EU, Singapore, Hong Kong, Norway, etc. A series of back-to-back concerts by six great maestros have also been planned for, throughout the night of the June 2.The confirmed workshops include, Vivekananda Kendra (Hatha Yog), Kiran Seth (Naad Yog),Vid. Malavika Sarukkai (Bharatanatyam),the Dhananjayans (Bharatanatyam), Madhavi Mudgal (Odissi), Ritha Devi (Odissi), Narasimhachari and Vasanthalakshmi (Kuchupudi), Vyjayanthi Kashi (Kuchupudi), Margi Madhu (Koodiyattam), Kalamandalam Kuttan (Kathakali), Guru S Thanil Singh (Pung Cholom), Bellagallu Veerana (Leather Puppetry), Ustad Wasifuddin Dagar (Dhrupad), Karaikudi Subramaniam (Carnatic Veena/Vocal), Pt Kaivalya Kumar Gurav (Hindustani Vocal), Dr. T V Gopalakrishnan (CarnaticVocal) and M Ganapathi Hegde (Yakshagana make-up)The convention will also include folk performances by Warsi Brothers (Qawwali), Guru Thanil Singh and troupe (Pung Cholom) Rhythm of Manipur, Mambalam Shiva (Nadaswaram), Chittani Ramachandra Hegde (Yakshagana) and Mahmood Farooqui and Danish Hussain (Dastangoi), Karnataka folk (Dollu Kunitha, Pata Kunitha).The other highlights include movie screenings which comprises of classics like La Strada / Seventh Seal and one film by Girish Kasaravalli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13558480", "title": "Shooting in -40c was difficult: Priya", "text": "For my debut film, \"Dream Girl\", we went to Gangtok for the shooting of the song, \"Jalna soichi\". I was really looking forward to the experience. Little did I know that I would have to struggle a lot under extreme weather conditions.When I reached Gangtok, I was told that the temperature was close to - 4\u00b0C. My call time was five in the morning. So I had to wake up at three am. It's not too hard to imagine how difficult it was for me to wake up at the crack of dawn and take a bath. After all, I have been born and brought up in Odisha where I have never been used to such weather conditions.To worsen my situation, no hot water was available, so I had to take a bath in that ice cold water. It was too cold and literally unbearable. I wanted to cry but then I knew that if I broke down, I would never be able to achieve my dreams.My family members were also there and I felt so helpless. After the whole day of shooting, I was offered spicy food which made me sick. I struggled hard and even today, I wonder how I managed to scale through. But, I guess , it was my undying spirit that made me survive. As told to Jyoti Prakash Naik", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13548223", "title": "Conditions pitiable at Bal Grah", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A meeting of Human Rights Law Network was held on Saturday under the presidentship of KK Rai. It was decided to undertake a surprise visit to the Rajkiya Bal Grah (Shishu) in Shivkuti in compliance of the order of Allahabad High Court.The visit was undertaken by Utkarsh Dixit and Siddhartha Singh, LLB students of Allahabad University, who have also filed a petition in the Allahabad high court few months back.Dixit said that during the visit they came across several irregularities at the bal grih. Majority of the staffers, including superintendent, were absent. This is despite the fact that three minor girl inmates were allegedly molested by a class four employee.The living condition for the 40 inmates (22 boys and 18 girls) was pitiable. No proper cold drinking water was available. The coolers were either not working or switched off which forced them to sit in the verandah in such a hot and sultry summer.The place was badly stinking. When questioned, the assistant superintendent offered lame excuses. He added that the behaviour of authorities of bal grah was so inhuman that they were not even providing mattresses, pillows as well as slippers to these children. There is no ambulance or any other vehicle which forces the staff to take the ill kids to the hospital on bicycles or rickshaws.The child welfare department has also failed to shift the bal grah to a new place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "aishwarya rai bachchan, who was invited at an interactive interview on may 25, by the president of the cannes film festival, gilles jacob , has just acquired a new fan", "code": "13524640", "title": "Aishwarya Rai Bachchan has a new admirer", "text": "Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, who was invited at an interactive interview on May 25, by the President of the Cannes Film Festival, Gilles Jacob , has just acquired a new fan: Hollywood actor Alec Baldwin . Says a source close to Aishwarya, \"On Friday evening, Ash and Alec came together to the interview at the Le Grand Journal, Canal Studio - a show hosted by Gilles. When Alec met Ash, he told Jacob that he he was a very big fan of Aishwarya and added that the Hollywood fraternity is crazy about her.\" That wasn't all. The source adds, \"After the show got over, Alec even introduced her to his fiance, Hilaria Thomas , who was also present there and also kept saying Ash was more prettier after her baby and congratulated her again and again. He also asked if she had started working and when she does, she should come to Hollywood and do films. Ash felt highly flattered and said she would definitely give it a thought later but right now she was too busy bringing up her baby.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13538040", "title": "IAC rally seeks justice in Mahantesh case", "text": "BANGALORE: Volunteers of India against Corruption on Saturday organized a rally followed by a candlelight vigil demanding speedy justice in the SP Mahantesh murder case.Led by freedom fighter H S Doreswamy, protesters called for a grievance redressal system for police officers independent of the government. \"It's essential that a system be established where honest officers can make complaints not only of threats but also seek redressal for any workplace grievance and receive protection '' they said.J.N Jayashree, president, National Federation of Women , Karnataka chapter, said she has been pushing for such a system since 2005. Protesters accused the government and police of diverting the issue by doing a character assassination of the murdered audit official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13522706", "title": "The stars descend on Bangalore", "text": "Bollywood and south film stars and biggies in the world of music have frequented the Moevenpick Hotel &amp; Spa Bangalore in the recent pastBangalore is a hub for film stars and singing sensations. And when these stars come to the Garden City, they head to Moevenpick Hotel &amp; Spa Bangalore. In fact, five feature films have been shot in the hotel, the Tamil movie Vettai being the first. Sandalwood stars like Ambareesh , Rockline Venkatesh and Ragini Dwivedi have also been spotted at the hotel. Moevenpick Hotel &amp; Spa Bangalore has been a hotspot for many music performances. Popular singer Shaan and the Kolaveri team, actor Dhanush and music composer and Anirudh, have performed at the hotel. Most recently, blues performers Bobby Whitlock and CoCo Carmel, along with Van Wilks stayed at the hotel.The five-star Moevenpick Hotel &amp; Spa Bangalore is just a 30-minute drive away from the airport. It provides a variety of innovative dining options to choose from, as well as 182 well spaced-out rooms; a spacious and separate banquet floor for social or corporate events, weddings and conferences and events that can accommodate up to 500 people; and leisure amenities such as a rooftop gym, infinity pool and spa, all of which make it a convenient choice for many artists and other business delegates. The hotel also provides several weekend special offers for stay and spa facilities, which makes it a great option for a getaway after a long week at work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13544716", "title": "A gruelling Sunday for Jaganmohan Reddy", "text": "HYDERABAD: The suspense over the fate of Y S Jaganmohan Reddy lingered on for another day with the CBI subjecting him to a marathon round of questioning for the second day on Saturday and ending it with the rider that he appear before it again on Sunday morning.\"They raised certain doubts about some issues. I gave them my clarifications. They said they have some more issues to be cleared and have called me for questioning tomorrow,\" Jagan told the waiting reporters after emerging from Dilkusha Guest House at 6.10pm. With the YSR Congress leader having gone in for questioning around 10.30am, the CBI questioning for the second day on Saturday lasted for a little over 7 hours.Unlike on Friday, Jagan's departure from his Lotus Pond residence saw scores of his supporters waylay his Scorpio on the apprehension that he would be arrested. His security personnel had to finally clear the way for the vehicle to proceed towards Raj Bhavan Road. Upon reaching the CBI office, Jagan entered the premises accompanied by Anakapalli Congress MP Sabbam Hari, Eluru MLA Alla Nani and YSR Congress leader Bhuma Nagi Reddy.But for a short lunch break at 1.30pm, Jagan was questioned by a team led by CBI joint director V V Lakshminarayana in the Vanpic case including the various investments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13541126", "title": "Akhil fasts in hospital, accuses Sonia of siding with 'dam lobby'", "text": "GUWAHATI: Continuing his indefinite fast for the eighth consecutive day on Saturday, KMSS general secretary and team Anna core committee member said that being the chairperson of the ruling UPA government, it was the duty of Sonia Gandhi to step in to foil the designs of the 'dam lobby' in the northeast.Akhil accused Prime Minister Manmohan Singh of siding with the 'dam lobby', but said he was hopeful that Sonia would resist the 'evil designs' of the corporate lobby to build mega dams in Assam and Arunachal Pradesh at the cost of the lives and property of the people residing in the downstream areas.\"Sonia Gandhi too failed to take any concrete decision in favour of the people living in the downstream areas. The corporate lobby wants to construct 168 dams in Arunachal Pradesh at the cost of the ecology of the northeast. We expected the UPA chairperson to act in favour of the people of Assam,\" said Akhil.He alleged that the 'dam lobby' wants to complete the construction of 168 mega dams in the northeast by violating all the environment rules and without proper study. \"The Centre and state government are acting like dictators. The rights over water will no more be with the indigenous people if big dams are constructed despite opposition from the locals,\" the KMSS general secretary added.He is continuing his indefinite fast at the Gauhati Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) demanding that the proposal to construct mega dams in the upper reaches of Brahmaputra river be scrapped and police atrocities on anti-dam activists be stopped.Though GMCH superintendent Ramen Talukdar said that there is no reason to worry about Akhil's health, an on-duty doctor said the peasant leader's fast can take toll on his health. \"He was advised to take liquid medicine, but not ready to break his fast\", said the doctor. Akhil said that the doctors informed him that he is suffering from diarrhea.Meanwhile, KMSS and India Against Corruption , Assam chapter released black balloons in the air in front of Dighalipukhuri and continued their demonstration by holding a black flag and wearing black badges in protest against Sonia's visit to the city on Saturday for the first anniversary celebrations of the third consecutive term of the Tarun Gogoi government.Akhil said that the last year under the Congress government was a 'year of betrayal'. \"On employment, agriculture and other crucial sectors, the Congress-led government has failed miserably\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "13541270", "title": "Sital Sasthi festival bridges Brahmanical divide", "text": "SAMBALPUR: This year the Sital Sasthi festival has brought together two sections of Brahmins, who have been at loggerheads since decades. All these years the Aranyak and Utkaliya groups have been organizing their independent yatras. The Aranyaks originating from Uttar Pradesh live in Sambalpur's Jhaduapara, while the Utkaliyas (Odia) Brahmins from Puri live in Nandapara. There was also no marriage between the sections and they organized the Sital Sasthi festival separately every year.But now the situation has changed after the Jhaduapara Yatra Committee married Loknath to Parbati, whose parents belong to the Utkaliya section. The committee selected Hari Sankar Nanda and his wife Radhika Nanda of Sasan village as Parbati's parents.Nanda belongs to Utkaliya section and his ancestors came from Puri to Sambalpur at the behest of the ruler of Sambalpur Ajit Singh .\"I am an Utkaliya Brahmin but was selected by the Jharuapara Yatra Committee to play the role of Parbati's parent. It is God's wish,\" said Hari Sankar. His wife is exuberant at the status bestowed upon them. \"I have four daughters. But now I got another one as Parbati. The goddess has fulfilled my wishes\", said Radhika on Saturday.The decision was mutual with both sects willing to bridge the divide. \"Now we do not feel there is any difference between us. We selected Nanda babu after he approached us,\" said Sanjeeb Padhi, a senior member of Jhaduapara Yatra committee.The Aranyaks and Utkaliya sects of Brahmin started this festival 400 years ago. Historians believe that the competition between the two groups kept the festival going all these years. But the contest between the two was minimized after Modipara, Badabazar, Thakurpara and Budharaja areas too took out their procession on Sital Sasthi. \"We have experienced a steep competition between Jhadua (Aranyak) and Odia (Utkaliya) Brahmins of Sambalpur that also reflected on the Sital Sasthi Yatra. In the 70s, the administration was forced to separate the yatra route because of the growing law and order problems,\" educationist K C Panda said. \"However, things have changed over the past few decades with the changing times. Marriages are now taking place between the two sects\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13538301", "title": "State to have CNG stations soon", "text": "JAIPUR: The state will soon have Compressed Natural Gas (CNG) filling stations in 12 cities including Jaipur. A meeting between the Gas Authority of India Limited (GAIL) and state government officials took place on May 12 where the directions were given to the company to expedite the process.A feasibility study has been conducted by the GAIL which is already running a CNG station at Kota through its subsidiary GAIL gas network. In the meeting, the company officials apprised the government about the 12 proposed locations which have been identified at Jaipur, Udaipur, Dungarpur, Jodhpur, Jhunjhunu, Bikaner, Sriganganagar, Ajmer, Barmer, Jaisalmer, Chittorgarh and Bhilwara.\"In our meeting, we requested the company officials to expedite the process of city gas distribution network project in other cities. But it has to be done through the approval of Petroleum and Natural Gas Regulatory Board (PNGRB). We hope that the identified cities will soon have CNG stations,\" said Sudhansh Pant, secretary, and mines &amp; petroleum.A final decision on setting up of the CNG stations will be taken after the PNGRB selects a company and awards the contract which is done through biding process. \"We are willing to expand our operations in the state. But we can only proceed after the permission is granted by PNGRB. If the board awards the contract to us, it is likely that we will follow the same model of city gas distribution network in other parts too,\" an official of GAIL said.The only CNG outlet in Kota is currently in operation and four others are expected to come by the end of 2012. The CNG station there supplies gas to six industrial, eight commercial and 25 domestic consumers. Apart from being a pollution-free gas, CNG is cost effective too. In Kota, CNG is sold at Rs 47.60 per kg compared to petrol which is available at Rs. 76.68 per litre.So far, the companies were reluctant to invest in Rajasthan because of high cost and the nitty gritty of laying the pipelines. But after successful exploration of the pollution-free gas in Ramgarh area of Jaisalmer district, many companies have shown keen interest. It is expected that 20, 000-30, 0000 standard cubic metre of gas per day can be explored from the Bankia block. Officials claim that the cost of the CNG will come down in the state once the proper infrastructure for both exploration and distribution are built up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "13547309", "title": "Asian countries need to collaboratively tackle issues: Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "MANIPAL: Resolution of long-standing political conflicts, managing urbanization, addressing climate change issues, containing adverse effects of rapidly deteriorating natural environment that is facing pressure from burgeoning populations are some of the emerging challenges that confront many Asian nations. Collaborative efforts are a must to tackle these issues, Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee said.Such efforts result in strengthening of cross-country institutions and delivery mechanisms within countries where these are needed the most. Lack of infrastructure, dearth of resources to finance large-scale infrastructure initiatives stand in the way of achieving inclusive growth in many economies including India. Energy needs that are sure to grow as benefits of growth get further dispersed are a major concern.Inaugurating a two-day national seminar on '21st Century as the Asian Century: Role of India and China' here on Saturday, Pranab Mukherjee said investment in renewable energies as well as in technologies that make such sources of energy cost-effective must therefore gain pace. Recent efforts like setting up of an ASEAN infrastructure fund would address some of the problems outlined above, Mukherjee opined.Asian economies need to collectively think on channels of engagement with each other that create synergies directed at addressing common challenges. \"We must appreciate that to gain in unison, we need to act in unison. Even in existing multilateral fora including the G-20 and IMF, we should aim to coordinate more in areas where there is significant collective gain to be achieved,\" he advocated.The existing divide between advanced and developing Asia must be bridged to make the 21st century an Asian century. To this end, while advanced Asia must maintain its economic 'miracle', an environment must be created for the rest to catch-up and prosper. Ultimately it would depend on how individual Asian economies manage their 'rise' strategically in order to co-exist and co-prosper, Pranab pointed.Arvind Kumar, head of Manipal Centre for Asian Studies, that organized the seminar said the meet is meant for expert level discussions to identify the various challenges in Asia's transition from middle power to great power and how the 21st Century would belong to Asia. Mukherjee earlier inaugurated ground floor of academic block of MIT campus. Dr Ramdas Pai, chancellor, Manipal University was present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13542119", "title": "Vacations here, thieves get busy", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Vacations have just begun, but the thieves have already become active. Recently, six burglaries have been reported in Chandigarh and Panchkula and in all cases the families had gone out of station without informing neighbours and nearby police stations.Mariyank Sharma of Sector 46, whose house was burgled on May 20, reported to police that he along with his family had gone to Amritsar when the thieves stuck. However, on the other hand, cops from Sector 34 police station stated that Sharma didn't intimate the beat staff about his departure and they came to know about the theft only after his arrival.The data available with Tricity police authorities for the past three years also indicates that a majority of burglaries were reported during vacations, especially in summer vacations.In 2011, a total of 285 house burglaries were reported throughout the year in Chandigarh and 72 burglaries out of 236 were only reported between May and July.Similarly, in Panchkula, a total of 85 burglaries were reported between May and July in 2011 and most of these have still not been cracked. Mohali too witnessed around 48 burglaries in urban areas during these three months in 2011.Chandigarh SSP Naunihal Singh said house owners should inform local police and their one close relatives or neighbours before going out during vacations so that extra vigil could be maintained. Though all SHOs and beat in charges have already been told to remain careful during the next two months, coordination from locals is a must, Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "13541148", "title": "Illegal clinics flourish in Cuttack", "text": "CUTTACK: More than half of the private clinics and nursing homes in Cuttack are running illegally. According to estimates by the directorate of medical education and training (DMET), 167 out of the 243 clinical establishments in Cuttack were functioning without valid registration as on April 26.Out of these 243 clinical establishments, 154 are private nursing homes and clinics with the rest being diagnostic and pathology centres. Of these 154 private nursing homes, 98 do not have a valid registration. Things are worse in case of pathology laboratories and diagnostic centres as out of 89 registered pathology centres, only 20 of them possess a valid registration. Even some clinics and nursing homes do not have a valid licence since 2001.Men in the business claim the figures are just a tip of the ice berg. There are over 150 pathology laboratories and nursing homes which are not even registered but they are operating in the city without any problem. Along with valid registration, owners of the private clinics are supposed to get clearance certificate from the State Pollution Control Board for disposal of their biomedical waste under Biomedical Waste (Management and Handling) Rules, 1990, but the norm is also not followed.\"There is strict guideline that every clinical establishment should hang the registration certificate at the reception counter to make the patients aware about its legality. But the guideline is being openly violated with the authorities turning a blind eye. The illegal establishments dupe patients and health officials remain mute spectators,\" said D K Mohapatra, a retired medicine specialist.As per Orissa Clinical Establishment (Control and Regulation) Rule 1994, owners of the clinical establishments should apply for renewal of registration at least one month before the expiry. But they rarely do so. The authorities claim steps have been taken to deal with the issue. \"We have asked district collectors and CDMOs to conduct regular raids on such establishments and seal them,\" said P K Das, director of medical education and training. But senior health officials are worried. \"Raids are being conducted only for namesake. No stringent action has been taken against the violators. Illegal clinics are mushrooming in the city because of the lackadaisical approach of the authorities,\" a doctor said.However, chief district medical officer S K Das has refuted this. \"Raids are being conducted on a regular basis on clinical establishments and they are being sealed too. After our warnings, many of the clinical establishments have applied for renewal of their licence which has been pending with the DMET,\" Das said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13545168", "title": "Laboratory will take a month for 'rave' report", "text": "Forensic Science Laboratory Inundated With Paperwork But Under Pressure From PoliceThe police will have to wait for at least a month before they get the results of the blood and urine samples taken from the guests who had attended a party at Juhu last Sunday. A week after the police raided the party, the forensic laboratory at Kalina is yet to complete the paper work before it can start testing the samples for narcotics . The laboratory, however, is under considerable pressure from the police to furnish the reports as soon as possible. The police have also issued an official letter asking the laboratory to expedite the process.A senior official from the Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) said: \"Testing of samples will begin only after the exhaustive paper work is completed. A 'positive' drug finding can have a serious impact on an individual, so we always ensure that strictest standards are adhered to and all protocols are maintained while testing.\"Director of FSL Kalina M K Malve refused to comment on the case. \"We are doing this on a priority basis and reports could take anything from two weeks to a month,\" he said.The laboratory has to test 91 samples, and work is likely to begin only next week. Based on their preliminary findings, investigators had said that guests had indulged in cocaine and Ecstasy , but FSL technicians have yet to confirm this.An expert from the lab told TOI, \"All the samples will be tested for four common variants like narcotics (opium, morphine ), depressants (calmpose, nembutal), stimulants (cocaine) and hallucinogens (LSD, Ecstasy ). This is standard protocol and there's no special test being conducted on the samples we have received from the rave party.\"Another expert from the laboratory said that all samples will go through an initial testing followed by a confirmatory testing so that the possibility of getting a false positive report is ruled out. The laboratory will be using immunoassay methods for preliminary screening . \"It is based on antibodyantigen reaction where even small amounts of the drug can be detected. Here, reagents containing antibodies are introduced into urine samples. If the specific drug reacts against the antibody, a reaction occurs proving the presence of the drug,\" said an expert. A second confirmatory test called 'Gas chromatography' will also be carried out. The lab is relying on a single piece of equipment to perform the chemical analyses.The forensic scientists TOI spoke to said that testing each sample could take up to a few days. \"Besides, there is lot of paperwork involved even after the tests are completed,\" said a scientist . In the past, FSL had taken three months to provide reports for a Khalapur rave party where 300 youngsters were tested for drugs.What next for partygoers?If blood and urine samples test positive for drugs |Under Section 27 of the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act (NDPS) Act, a person found to have illegal possession of drugs in small quantities-the quantities for different drugs which would be deemed to be small has been laid down by the Government-can face punishment up to six months' imprisonment or a fine or bothFor hard drugs like cocaine and heroin, the accused faces up to one year imprisonment, fine or bothRehabilitation |One-time immunity can be granted by the prosecution or court to offenders if they undergo a rehabilitation programme. In other words, the offender can seek immunity from criminal prosecution by opting for and completing a drug detoxification programme at a government or government-funded clinicFor repeat offenders |There will be no relief of immunity under the Act and they would have to face a criminal trialNegative results |The person will be let off with no case registered against him/her", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13568230", "title": "Shruti Haasan won't compose for now", "text": "Shruti Haasan, who began her journey into the film industry as a music composer for Unnaipol Oruvan, says that acting has taken up all her time leaving her little time to pursue composition.\"I have been busy with my work as a full time actress, which has kept me away from compositions,\" says Shruti, who adds that the little bit of singing she does for films doesn't satisfy her creative urges.\"Music has always been my passion. I want to compose for more films. While I won't be composing for any films in the immediate future, I will not rule out the idea of me composing for films,\"\" says Shruti, who recently celebrated 50 days of her film 3 and the success for her first commercial blockbuster Gabbar Singh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13536764", "title": "Shiv Sena condemns petrol price hike", "text": "GONDIA: A delegation of Gondia district unit of the Shiv Sena met sub divisional officer of Gondia, Anant Walaskar, and handed him a memorandum protesting against the huge price hike in petrol, which will end up increasing the prices of all domestic commodities The hike should be rolled back, the party demanded. The memorandum included the party's plan to start an agitation if the hike was not rolled back immediately.The delegation, led by district chief Rajkumar Kuthe, included Sunil Lanjewar, Munna Bharadwaj, Durgesh Rahangdale among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "13541137", "title": "Youth earns accolades for paddy art", "text": "SAMBALPUR: The delicious Dehradun rice has caught the fancy of an artist to become a feast for the eyes at Pallishree Mela in Sambalpur. Thirty-six-year-old Siba Prasad Mohanty from Jatni in Khurda district has reinvented the tasty cereal to fashion 'paddy art' out of it, on display at the mela since Thursday night. Artisans from various states are participating in the mela, on till month-end, but it's Mohanty's art, finding expression in the form of gods and goddesses made of the rice variety, that is clearly the cynosure of all eyes owing to the exquisite handiwork.\"I was always interested in painting and drawing. I planned to start my painting business soon after finishing my school . So I opened a shop at Jatni,\" said Mohanty. However, he was soon itching to try out something more challenging and different. His eureka moment came when he noticed an age-old tuft of paddy hanging in his house, that looked as fresh as ever.The idea of 'paddy art' had taken seed in his heart and he has not looked back since. \"But since paddy grains are small in size, I tried to look for bigger size grains. I heard about Dehradun rice and started tinkering around with this variety. I have since tried to create various modern arts using rice, paddy and biri grains,\" said Mohanty, who discovered the art 18 years ago. Mohanty visited various places, including Delhi and Chennai with the help of government agencies, to sell his products. He didn't have to try too hard as the long-lasting, durable nature of processed paddy, along with his artistic finesse, helped him find ready takers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13540853", "title": "Institute of Chartered Accountants of India offers to work with investigators to unearth black money", "text": "PUNE: The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) has announced initiatives to help government investigators track unaccounted money stashed away overseas. The apex body of accountants has said it will also assist in audits of political parties, non-governmental organisations (NGOs) and educational institutions to bring to light financial irregularities.ICAI president Jaideep Shah told reporters on Saturday that the institute has developed a set of principles that can guide those conducting audits of political parties, NGOs and educational institutions in India. \"The document is now with the central government and we expect the rules to come in force in 2013,\" Shah said.Accounting experts can be of help in investigations pertaining to black money in the country or elsewhere and ICAI has constituted a high-powered committee to form recommendations to unearth unaccounted money, he said.ICAI has also made an offer to the government to assist Securities and Exchanges Board of India (Sebi) in monitoring the deals of stock brokers, investment bankers, mutual funds or clearing intermediaries to check any wrongdoings, Shah said.Fund collection and spending of political parties is always a matter of intrigue for the common man and government authorities, Shah noted, adding that ICAI has formulated a 'Uniform Accounting and Auditing Framework' to clear all suspicion about the income, expenditure, assets and liabilities of political parties. ICAI has submitted the document to the Election Commission of India and is awaiting their response, he said.Shah said there is a strong resentment about the financial malpractices in educational institutions in the country and ICAI has set up an expert group to suggest ways to install accounting discipline in these institutions and to develop a knowledge portal for them. ICAI has also created guidelines to ensure co-ordination in the audits of real estate businesses, oil and gas and energy businesses, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13542315", "title": "Engineering student hangs self a day after he was caught copying", "text": "CHENNAI: A 23-year-old student of Sathyabama Engineering College, L Khaja Mohideen, committed suicide on Saturday, a day after he was caught copying by the college authorities.Police said Mohideen, a first year student of MCA, hanged himself to death at house. He did not leave behind any suicide note. His father Latiff Basha had left for work at a nationalized bank in Royapettah when the incident took place. His mother Faridha Begum found his body around 10.30am.On Friday, Mohideen had appeared for his semester exam. An invigilator caught him copying during the exam and took him to the principal. They warned him and told him to bring his parents. Since the incident took place, he was reportedly depressed and told his friends that he was upset to take up the issue with his parents.\"He appeared dull after returning from college. He came early and did not speak with anyone. He went and locked himself inside the room\" said his father Latiff.Latiff came to know about the issue when he contacted some of his college friends. \"His cellphone is locked. We are trying to find out if he had recorded anything on his cellphone. The college authorities could have informed us about the issue immediately,\" said one of his relative.Police registered a case under 174 Criminal Code of Procedure and are investigating. The college authorities were not available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13539170", "title": "Labourer falls to death in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A labourer working on a construction site in Prahladnagar fell off eighth floor on Saturday morning and died on the spot. His relatives have filed a complaint against builder, site engineer and construction supervisor for negligence with Anandnagar police station.Police said Gulab Koli, 26, was working on G block of Titanium City project at 8.45 am when he accidentally fell off eighth floor balcony under construction. Other workers rushed to the spot but Koli had already died due to severe head and body injuries. EMRI 108 paramedics declared him dead on the spot. \"His cousin Arvind Patel, a construction worker, has filed a complaint against Trilok Agarwal, builder, Ramesh Chudasama, site engineer, and Hasmukh Patel, construction supervisor, for negligence,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13541044", "title": "Norway kids\u2019 custody row: Grandpas now in legal battle", "text": "KOLKATA: The fight over the custody of the two kids - Aishwarya and Abhigwan - has found a new stage now, Burdwan's Kulti. The two grandfathers, one from the maternal side and another from the paternal, have lodged complaints against each other with Kulti police station.The mother of the kids Sagarika Chakraborty, who is staying in Birati since mid-April after her return from Norway, went to meet her children at Kulti last Wednesday. Sagarika's father Monotosh Chakraborty, who had initially gone to the house of Ajay Bhattacharya - the paternal grandfather of the kids - has lodged a complaint saying he was abused by the Bhattacharyas.On Thursday, when Sagarika went to meet the children, she was not initially allowed to enter the house. Though Sagarika was allowed later after police intervened, the Bhattacharyas reportedly didn't let her touch the kids. Even Sagarika complained that some local criminals have threatened to kill her if she wants to meet the children. On Friday, Sagarika informed that she too has lodged a complaint with Kulti police station. According to her, a complaint has been lodged against her and her father accusing them of trying to take away the children from the Bhattacharyas house forcibly.The children are now staying with the uncle Arunabhas Bhattacharya after a court order from Norway. Sagarika said that she last met the children on April 25, when they were in her relative's house in Sinthee. \"The Bhattacharyas misbehaved with me then too. They had earlier stated before the media that they would allow me to stay in their Kulti house with the kids,\" she said.The children were put in foster care when the Norwegian child care agency had found that there was lack of parental care at home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13568194", "title": "CPM's language is similar to terrorists', Narendra Modi says", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Narendra Modi today took on CPM saying that the language used by them is similar to that of terrorists.Modi was reacting to a speech made by CPM's Idukki district secretary M M Mani in which he stated that there had been instances of the party eliminating political rivals.\"When leader of a political party says that we murder our political rivals, it is dangerous to our democracy. Where is NHRC (National Human Rights Commission)? We should raise our voice against such acts. Our workers keep giving their lives in Kerala,\" Modi said.\"Is Delhi government sleeping and what is Kerala government doing on the issue,\" Modi remarked.\"This language is same that of terrorists, Maoists and Naxalists,\" he further said.Mani's speech had sparked a raging political row in the country with the Congress and BJP saying it exposed CPM's \"politics of violence\". Speaking at a CPM event yesterday, Mani was trying to de-link the party from the May 4 murder in Kozhikode that has led to the arrest of about half a dozen of its leaders and activists.\"If the party had had any role in the murder, it would not have been afraid to admit it,\" Mani bragged.As proof, he reeled off details about three earlier murders of political opponents.Mani said the CPM had in the past drawn up a list of opponents in his district and, consequently, three Congress activists were killed.The first, Ancheri Baby -- a worker of Congress labour arm INTUC -- was bumped off in the 1980s; another was hacked to death and the third beaten to death, he said.For good measure, Mani warned that the party would not shy away from neutralising its foes in the future, too, if necessary.His comments have come as a blow to CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan's efforts to distance the party from the Chandrasekharan murder on the ground that physical annihilation of detractors was not part of party policy.Congress chief minister Oommen Chandy described Mani's comments as \"serious\" and said that suitable legal action would be taken.Rubbing it in, he asked Vijayan to react to Mani's claims.State police chief Jacob Punnoose has asked the district superintendent of police for a report on the contents of Mani's speech.Leaders of the ruling United Democratic Front have demanded that a case be registered against Mani.The mother of Ancheri Baby asked a private TV channel that the 1980s killing should be reinvestigated. All the seven people arrested in the case were acquitted for want of evidence.As for Chandrasekharan's murder, sources claim the investigators have obtained evidence that the plot was hatched at the higher levels of the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13546410", "title": "Boy missingsince May 17", "text": "PATNA: A Class X student of a Dehradun-based school, Vicky Tiwary, is missing from the state capital since May 17.Kotwali police station SHO Aman Kumar said Vicky was on way to Katihar from Dehradun and reached Patna on May 17.He stayed in a hotel as he had to board another train, and informed his family accordingly.However, when Vicky failed to reach Katihar on May 18, his mother Tripti Devi reached Patna on May 24 and lodged a missing complaint with the police station concerned, the SHO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "13546316", "title": "Ownership of Indira Awas Yojana units to rest with women in Gaya", "text": "GAYA: In a move towards empowering women, Gaya DM Bandana Preyasi has directed BDOs and other officials concerned to ensure that the ownership of Indira Awas Yojana units rests with the women of the family. Even the government documents show women as the beneficiaries-cum-owners of these dwelling units.The direction was given at a meeting of BDOs held in the district headquarters that continued till Friday evening. The DM also directed the officials to ensure that the physical verification of work being done under the 'housing for the poor' scheme and the release of the second instalment of Indira Awas Yojana money was completed by the first week of July, 2012. Warning her subordinates against any laxity in the implementation of the IAY scheme, the DM also directed the BDOs to reside in their respective headquarters not elsewhere.On the alibi of Maoist threats, a sizeable number of BDOs, circle officers (C0s) and other block level officials live at the district headquarters, far from their place of posting, adversely affecting execution of the development schemes and service delivery to the people at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13540758", "title": "2 Nigerians held for drug possession", "text": "MAPUSA: The Pernem police arrested two Nigerians and seized drugs worth Rs 55,000 from them on Friday night. While Mohammad Ali , 26, was arrested for possessing cocaine worth Rs 20,000 at Arambol, Ukpabi Augustine, 40, was arrested for possessing cocaine worth Rs 35,000 at Morjim. The raid was carried out by PI Tushar Lotlikar and the Pernem police. Both the accused have been charged under the NDPS act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "9026323", "title": "Why women think about sex more often", "text": "Men talk and think a lot about sex while women desire it more often. We explore the reasons...'Men think, while women desire.' Gone are the days when 'demanding sex' was considered exclusively a man's forte. Today women demand sex greater than men. And they have no qualms about getting vocal about it. \"I read these funny E-mail forwards that stress on men begging for sex and women denying it. It sounds so funny to me. It's totally the opposite in my case. While men can have a good laugh over it believing that this notion exists, I literally have to seduce my husband to get him hooked on to the act,\" quips production assistant Megha Mehra. And she is not alone. Many girls/women had a similar story.We spoke to women from different backgrounds to figure out what is making them addicted to sex.It's physically pleasurable  Amongst all the other reasons to remain glued to sex, this is the most prominent one. Good sex satisfies your physical urge, which is very normal for anyone to experience. Psychologist Seema Naina opines, \"Sex is the most basic need of any person. And I am increasingly getting cases where women are complaining that men are unable to satisfy their physical needs.\"Creates positive feelings about oneself  Ideally, great sex means you are enjoying the sexual act and participating equally. It makes you feel good about yourself, thus adding to your self esteem. Shares housewife Neelam Nehra, \"When my husband comes back from a whole day at work and we have our sack session, it increases my self esteem. The very feeling that I am able to satisfy him is a great pleasure. And since I never want to go out of shape to look unappealing to my husband (and other men), it even acts as a motivation to work out and feel desirable.\" Wondering why?\"Sex has healing powers. It generates positive emotions and makes one feel more confident. When a woman sees her man passionate in the act, admiring her body and moves, it infuses a lot of good feelings within her,\" opines psychologist Sunaina Bajaj.Brings them closer to their man  Physical intimacy releases hormone Oxytocin, which is also known as the love hormone. Agrees relationship expert Vandana Mitra, \"I have always maintained that couples should never take sex casually. It's a very important ingredient for any relationship to sustain. It helps couples to nurture the relationship and strengthen the bond.\" So whoever said having more sex with your partner means lesser cases of infidelity, made sense.Content developer Prachi Sinha states, \"I feel a major connect with my boyfriend after we make love. I just feel like being close to him. My faith in him and our relationship grows stronger.\" Prachi's boyfriend agrees, \"When she told me about the 7 days a week sex, I initially could not stop laughing. I mean, this is not the only thing we have to do. But honestly it has got us closer. I just can't take my eyes off her even when we are moving in a crowd.\"Negates unwanted emotions/ Stress-reliever  Sex is not just a physical sensation but it's comforting and relaxing. Call centre executive Neetu Sharma shares her experience, \"Whenever I have a bad day at work, sex really helps me unwind. It totally takes the stress out of my mind and makes me feel relaxed and rejuvenated.\" Psychologist Reena Kapur explains why. \"Sex involves a lot of deep breathing and touching and the hormones that are released during the act calm you down.\"Great form of exercise  Thirty minutes of sex burns more than 85 calories. We have read it almost everywhere that sex helps in burning calories. Confirms fitness consultant Stuti Batra, \"While I do not suggest giving up work outs, doubling up the session makes you drop more weight.\" While this is the most deadly mix, many girls are seriously taking to it. \"It may sound a little funny, but while making love I prefer to play the dominant role. It helps me burn greater calories, leaving my guy in ecstasy,\" says Payal Verma.Invokes passion  \"Sometimes I feel like a pervert, because I find myself always thinking about my boyfriend, and what we did the night before. It gives me a kick and makes me crave for our next sack session. He thinks I am crazy, but it really happens to me,\" shares call centre executive Richa Sharma.\"It is completely normal to fantasise about sex. But I have heard it can freak a guy out- we men are still adapting to the concept of women demanding sex more than us. But we love that passion,\" admits psychologist Prateek.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13546587", "title": "Sweeping, the best option against Narine: Raman", "text": "CHENNAI: Sunil Narine has tormented one and all this season in the IPL. The word going around these days when KKR play is that the opposition gets only 16 overs, because the four from Narine hardly yield anything.Even in the two games that he played against Chennai Super Kings, who have some fantastic players of spin, his figures were 1-24 and 2-14.Skipper MS Dhoni understands how crucial Narine is going to be in the game on Sunday, and he is not ready to divulge his strategy against the mystery spinner.\"There won't be any special strategy for him,\" Dhoni said suggesting that the team is attaching extra importance to the West Indian.But when pushed, he conceded that the spinner can be as effective as Lasith Malinga at his peak.\"When these bowlers are very consistent, it becomes really tough. Malinga is also a bowler who is really consistent when it comes to line and length. If the bowler is consistent in his line and length and also has the variations, it becomes really tough,\" Dhoni said.The CSK skipper also conceded that it's very difficult to pick Narine. \"With his action, it is difficult to understand which way it is going to turn. He can take the ball away from both the right and left-hander,\" Dhoni added.Former India player WV Raman, who has coached both Bengal and Tamil Nadu in recent times and have his wards in the KKR and CSK teams, feels that the hosts should look at ways to attack him straight away.\"All the teams have tried to block him out and that's where the problem started. Someone in the CSK line-up should go after him,\" Raman said.But it's easier said than done and the coach feels that \"batsmen should try to sweep him to throw him off line.\"\"That's the Aussie approach and I am a little surprised that it hasn't been used. I wouldn't be surprised if somebody like a Mike Hussey does that straight away on Sunday and puts the pressure right back on Narine,\" Raman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "13546671", "title": "Panchayat secretary suspended for misuse of funds", "text": "BIJAPUR: Zilla Panchayat Chief Executive Officer A N Patil issued suspension order to a gram panchayat Secretary on the charges of misuse of NREGA funds to the tune of Rs. 23.09 lakh during year 2010-11 .Ventakesh Gangappa working as Grade -I Secretary of Gubbewad Gram Panchayat in Sindagi taluk is the suspended employee. During the year 2010-11 under NREGA scheme Rs. 23.09 lakh released for creating job opportunity to the rural people by issuing 19720 job cards. But the secretary shown the expenditure figure, but not created any job and done any work from the people.The said secretary not even shown the accounts regarding money spent towards construction of Rajeev Gandhi Community Health center.The secretary even not prepared the list beneficiaries of houseless people identifying for Indira Awas and Basava Indira housing scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13539313", "title": "Gujarat intelligence bureau official assaulted, robbed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A state intelligence bureau official was assaulted by a group of men in Chandkheda late on Friday night. Four to five men attacked him and robbed him of his belongings worth Rs 38,000. Police officials believe the assailants might be robbers who just wanted the goods he was carrying and it had nothing to do with his work.According to police officials, Babubhai Chauhan, 41, was passing by Satyamev Hospital on a motorcycle at 11 pm on Friday when he was stopped and assaulted. The assailants had been hiding in the bushes nearby.\"Chauhan tried to protest but could not get help in time,\" said a police official. \"The assailants fled only after locals heard the commotion and started coming out of their homes. Chauhan said later that his mobile phone, a ring and a gold bracelet were missing. We questioned him about his work and also assessed the situation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "13541077", "title": "Hundreds take part in Shillong green run", "text": "SHILLONG: Hundreds of people took part in a \"Quasquicentennial Green Run\" organized by the Unitarian Church of North East India in the city on Saturday.Flagged off by Meghalaya speaker Charles Pyngrope, the run was aimed at creating awareness on environmental issues and to celebrate the 125th founding year of unitarianism in the region. Over 600 participants drawn from all over Khasi-Jaintia Hills districts, students from various schools in the city took part in the run with Dondorlang Kharbithai and Blarisha Nongrum bagging the first prize in men and women categories respectively.Shineborlang Dohling of Mawlai and Lostar Mukhim of Umsning came close to take home the second prize and third prize respectively in the men's category while R Mullick of H Elias Secondary School and Battimon Marboh of Annie Margaret Barr Secondary School bagged the second and the third place in the women's category. Three-year-old Fenny Liza Lyngdoh of Laban was adjudged the youngest participant and 68 year-old Yesroy Pde bagged the special prize for being the oldest person who completed the 4-km run.\"The Green Run titled 'Save Human Kind From Itself,' was an initiative to create mass awareness among youngsters, especially those from the rural areas, to inculcate habits that contribute towards a healthy, green and clean environment,\" said one of the organizers. He added that the event also marked the 125th year of Unitarianism in Khasi-Jaintia Hills of Meghalaya and Karbi Anglong.Earlier, Pyngrope emphasized that it was the duty of each and every citizen to take good care of the environment. East Khasi Hills DC Sanjay Goyal, his address to the participants at Madan Laban Unitarian Church, said the world was facing a crisis as far as environmental issues were concerned.\"We need a platform to raise our voices and tell others what we do to the environment which indirectly affects our lives,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "13545901", "title": "MLA's aide prays for victory in next polls", "text": "BIJAPUR: A follower of city MLA Appasaheb Pattanashetty performed Urulu Seve, a religious ritual, praying for the victory of his leader in the forthcoming assembly elections.The staunch follower is Paramagond B Doni, 48, of Ainapur village in Bijapur taluk and the vice-president of Ainapur village Primary Agriculture Finance Co-Operative Society.On Friday morning, Doni commenced his ritual after performing puja at Basaveshwara Temple in the presence of over 20 well-wishers who guided him through the rituals. Speaking to STOI, Doni said: \"My leader has been elected to the assembly twice. I want him emerge triumphant in the 2013 elections too, so the ritual.\"Honamalla Biradar, Ashok Patil, Ningappa Pujari, Sahebgouda Biradar, Aravind Pattad, Guru Deshpande, Chandru Nagarabavi, Vijay Joshi and Vitthal Bidari accompanied Doni along the 12-km route between Ainapur and Bijapur city. In the evening, Doni reached Bijapur city, and rested at Pavada Basaveshwara Temple near Gol Gumbaz. He resumed the Urulu Seve on Saturday morning and reached Siddheshwara Temple around 12 noon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "13570735", "title": "Escaping from police custody, prisoner killed in accident", "text": "AMBALA: A prisoner, who had escaped from police custody and was fleeing in a car after threatening its owner, was killed when a truck rammed into their vehicle on Ambala-Jagadhri highway, police said.Gurjinder Singh, who was lodged in Nawanshahr jail in Punjab, died on the spot while the car owner Pardeep succumbed to his injuries at PGIMER at Chandigarh.Singh has escaped from police custody when the cops were taking him to a court in connection with a case yesterday morning. Singh later stopped a car and forced Pardeep Kumar, a resident of Balachaur, to take him towards Haryana.When they were crossing village Saha close to Ambala Cantt late last night their car rammed into the truck.Nawanshahr police in Punjab have been informed. The bodies of the two were kept in a mortuary at local civil hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13537640", "title": "Online AIEEE test's last round ends", "text": "BHOPAL: The last round of the online test of AIEEE concluded in the city on Saturday. In all, about 5,000 students appeared for four rounds of the test organised at the IES College.Bhopal was the only online centre for the test. The exam was organized in four rounds on May 7, 12, 19 and 26. In the last test, students said on-line mathematics paper was tough compared to the off-line test.This year, the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) made special arrangements for the candidates, who could not appear for offline AIEEE as they were allowed to appear for the online test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13538703", "title": "Budget tomorrow; focus on MLA fund", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi chief minister and finance minister Sheila Dikshit is all set to present state government's annual budget on Monday in the assembly session.Besides budget, the eight-day long assembly session will also see a demand for increasing the funds of Members of Legislative Assembly from Rs 4 crore to 8 crore, citing rise in prices of building material and cost of labour. MLA's will also raise concern over ownership right for residents of rehabilitation colonies.Two bills that are likely to be introduced in the session are - The Indira Gandhi Delhi Technical University for Women Bill, 2012 and Registration of Marriage Act, 2012.\"The assembly secretariat has received notice of a government Bill, The Indira Gandhi Delhi Technical University for Women Bill, 2012. If notices of more Bills are received in time, they would be considered for introduction,\" said Yoganand Shastri, speaker, Delhi Assembly. According to the schedule, two reports - Tenth Report of Business Advisory Committee and Tenth Report of the Committee on Private Members Bills &amp; Resolutions - will be taken up in Assembly on June 1.The opposition, however, is expected to corner the government on issues such as inflation, law and order in Delhi, situation arising out of non-regularization of unauthorized colonies, and stoppage of developmental works, cleaning of drains being affected due to corruption in the departments, and trifurcation of the civic municipal corporation.The house would also pay a homage to Dr P C Kaushik, ex-metropolitan councillor &amp; ex-member of second Delhi Legislative Assembly on the first day of assembly. Due to municipal elections in March, the government had to defer the budget this year from March to May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "13541112", "title": "Former Arunachal MP Ratan Tama passes away", "text": "ITANAGAR: Former member of Parliament from Arunachal Pradesh Ratan Tama died at his Itanagar residence on Friday evening after prolonged illness.\"With his passing away, we have lost one of the pioneer leaders of the state. He made immense contribution to the socio-economic development of the state as a member of Parliament in the Rajya Sabha. He is a great source of inspiration for the younger generations,\" the governor said.\"It is shocking to receive the news of Ratan Tama's death especially since I'm on an official trip to his native place Raga,\" said Nabam Tuki, who is on a tour to West Siang, upper Subansiri and lower Subansiri district.One of the pioneers of modern Arunachal Pradesh, he was a man with a mission and he pursued his mission to the hilt till his last breath, Tuki added.\"I would like mention that no amount of grief would compensate the loss. A befitting tribute to him would be to take inspiration from his deeds and contribute in state building,\" the CM said in his condolence message.Governor Gen (retd) J J Singh and chief minister Nabam Tuki conveyed their condolences to the bereaved family members of the former MP and prayed for his eternal peace.Tama was nominated to the Rajya Sabha in the year 1978 and remained in the seat till 1984.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13561936", "title": "Madonna\u2019s producer says `MDNA` album bombed because of Chris Brown", "text": "'MDNA' failed miserably was because the best songs that was meant for the singer went to Chris Brown.The legendary producer, who has previously teamed up with Madonna to great success, took to Facebook earlier this month to explain his views on the pop queen's latest release being a record-setting failure.During a recent debate with fans on his Facebook page, Orbit gave two reasons for album's lack of sales success.He told the pop icon's admirers that the best songs written for the 53-year-old singer went to troubled star Brown.He also admitted that they were strapped for time because of Madonna's business commitments.\"We were very pushed for time due to... various pressing commitment that took up the artist's limited time such as perfume ranges and teen fashion contests and other such endeavors,\" the Daily Mail quoted him as saying.\"We had songs lined up that were breathtaking, you'll hear some of them on Chris Brown's new album, Kreayshawn's (INCREDIBLE) new album and my own, recently completed Strange Cargo album.\"Most of them, I believe, destined to become classics (let me know in a couple of months whether you concur with that).\"All of us fully committed to putting ourselves through extraordinary efforts to make MDNA the greatest album of the year, but alas the time wasn't there,\" he said.MDNA debuted at the top of the US album charts in April, selling 359,000 copies in its first week of release.But experts say the CD's first-week sales were inflated by copies that were bundled with the purchase of some concert tickets for Madonna's upcoming tour.According to Forbes Magazine , sales of the album dropped 86 percent to around 48,000 in its second week in stores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13541146", "title": "Two arrested for killing man over booze", "text": "MADURAI: In a shocking incident, two youths were arrested on charges of killing an old man for a paltry sum of Rs 50 after he refused to part with it when they demanded the money for buying liquor. Anna Nagar police on Saturday arrested the two youths and are on the hunt for another accomplice.On the late hours of May 22, A Chandrasekar (60) was found murdered in front of a clinic in Anna Nagar and the police recovered the body with the stab injuries. Chandrasekar from Anbu Nagar worked as an accountant in a private flour mill in the city.After the murder, police formed a special team to nab the culprits. The special team caught hold of S Anandan (20) from Anna Nagar and K Pandi alias Muttai Kannan (24) from Vandiyur and during the interrogation they revealed that they stabbed the old man for money as they wanted to drink alcohol that night.The police said that the duo, along with another accused Bala alias Balamurugan (24), were drinking that night and after they went dry with the money, they decided to rob any passers-by to continue drinking. They were waiting in front of the clinic at Anna Nagar and Chandrasekaran happened to pass that way in a cycle. The accused intercepted him and demanded money from the old man, but he refused to hand over the meagre amount of Rs 50 that he had and picked up a quarrel with the youth. Irked by this, they overpowered and stabbed him with a knife before fleeing with the money, police said.\"Chandrasekaran was an unfortunate victim at the hands of the accused who were desperate for some money for drinking. We have nabbed two accused in this case and are narrowing down on the third one who will be arrested soon,\" a police official said. Police also said that there were theft charges and cases like attempt to murder already pending against the three youth at Anna Nagar and Karupayurani police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "13547781", "title": "Priority on digging wells bears fruit in Lohardaga", "text": "LOHARDAGA: The district administration's plan of giving priorities to digging of wells under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) has started bearing fruits. The scheme has brought smiles to hundreds of farmers across the district. Official records show that the farmers have doubled their income by growing crops in about 7,200 acres in all seasons.Many farmers like Mahli Oraon at Rampur village of Sadar block shared their success stories with Paritosh Upadhyay, the special secretary of the rural development department who visited several villages to evaluate the execution of MGNREGA and utility of the programmes taken under it. Oraon said he used to grow only paddy in rainy season in his one acre and three dismal of farming land. This gave him an income of Rs 30,000-40,000 which was not enough to run his joint family. \"All my family members do farming. In the absence of source of irrigation, we had to work as daily wage earners after the paddy season. But the MGNREGA wells that were completed this year have helped me earn over Rs 20,000 this season. I now grow tomato, onion, cucumber, gourd, chilly which will add some more money to my income,\" he said.Oraon is not an isolated example. There are hundreds of farmers whose lives have been changed after the MGNREGA wells came up in the district. Last year, over 900 wells were completed despite many half-done wells being reported that collapsed in rain. This year, 2,712 wells were taken under the scheme of which 1,420 were reported to be completed till May 22. For completing the rest, the administration has geared up as monsoon as predicted this year to come early is near.Deputy Commissioner Ratan Kumar said the digging schemes and its benefits had been commended several times by central MGNREGA officials. \"Farmers at Umri village have expressed their joy after tasting the benefit of wells providing irrigation water to their fields which added to their income,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "hiranagar (j&k;)", "code": "13567882", "title": "Solution to Kashmir issue lies within Constitution: Mufti", "text": "HIRANAGAR (J&K;): Opposition People's Democratic Party today said any solution to the vexed issue of Kashmir should be found within the framework of the Indian Constitution and called for stronger Centre-state relations.\"Today the people will demand self-rule and tomorrow they will ask for 'aazadi', this way we cannot find a solution to our problem. The real solution of Kashmir issue lies within the Constitution of India,\" PDP patron Mufti Mohammad Sayeed said.\"We should insist on a strong relationship with the Centre. Only then development will come about,\" Sayeed said, addressing a public rally in the border area of Hiranagar in Kathua district.The PDP leader, however, said that his party would not stay silent till a solution is reached and added that it would keep on working for the \"rightful demands of the citizens of Jammu and Kashmir\".Slamming the ruling National Conference, Sayeed claimed that development in Jammu and Kashmir had come to a halt under the Omar Abdullah-led government.\"The state's condition has gone from bad to worse. There is no redressal of grievances, unemployment is on the rise and so is corruption,\" he said.Another PDP leader, Muzaffar Hussain Baig, who was also present on the occasion, claimed that the condition of the state had deteriorated since the present government took over the administrative reins.\"The youth of the state has been rendered jobless, the corruption is increasing, there is shortage of drinking water. People are not even getting basic amenities,\" Baig said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13541144", "title": "Sex toys expose raunchy underbelly of city", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Puritans of the city, take cover! Despite a blanket ban, a robust sex toy market has been thriving in the state capital, demand for the mostly China-made products going up by the day with wily advertisers finding their way around the legal system to lure buyers.According to sources, the most prevalent mode of trading in the grey market for apparatus like dildos, vibrating rings, inflatable latex dolls, etc., is home delivery through courier after tele-booking, unlike in Delhi or Mumbai where one can simply walk into a market to purchase these. The buyer has to deposit the money in the account number given by the sellers, after which they promise to courier the objects.The secret pleasures, however, don't come cheap. \"A female organ will cost you Rs 4,000, besides another Rs 2,000 towards home delivery,\" said an agent, whose mobile number was advertised in a newspaper recently. \"Both male and female organs are in very high demand. We are getting at least four orders daily,\" said another trader, among at least 10 such players in the city.The deal is often a hush-hush affair. According to traders dealing in the toys, many a time buyers send a third person to a pre-designated location where the article is finally handed over to them. Sources said local traders bring the toys mainly from Delhi's Palika Bazaar and Mumbai's Crawford Market. The city market size for the articles would be worth a few crores, the sources added.In a brazen attempt to lure buyers, sometimes agencies are found to promote the toys as safe bets to prevent HIV transmission. Activists, however, are far from convinced. \"Besides being illegal, toys are no safeguard against HIV if multiple people use the same article. There may be other health hazards as well,\" said GIPA (Greater Involvement of People Living with HIV/AIDS ) coordinator Ajay Patra at State AIDS Control Society.Nevertheless, since sex continues to be a taboo topic in large swathes if Indian society, such implements offer an alternative route to explore, especially for people suffering from sexual problems, feel experts. \"A large section of people generally don't go to doctors to address their sexual problems. Instead they use such stuff. Others may be doing it just for fun,\" said Dr Surjeet Sahoo, a city-based psychiatrist.Not surprisingly though, such arguments fail to impress the moral police. Professor of sociology at Utkal University, Anup Das is quick to slam the trend as \"moral degradation\". \"The traders are openly advertising these illegal commodities but few are showing any concern for the decline in moral values. We as a society can't accept this,\" Das said.Section 292 (1) IPC describes any object as obscene if it is lascivious or appeals to the prurient interest. Selling such products is banned under the law. Offences are punishable by a maximum of two years for the first conviction and five years in the event of subsequent conviction.Police said no such illegal activity has come to its notice. \"I have not come across any advertisements or instances of sex toys being sold. However, we will probe the matter to find out if such a practice persists,\" said Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinijeet Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13537179", "title": "New advisory committees formed in Nagpur Municipal Corporation", "text": "NAGPUR: Even though the Bharatiya Janata Party had managed to form the government in Nagpur Municipal Corporation with the support of 86 corporators, with too many contenders it is finding it difficult to appoint chairpersons for various advisory committees.It can be gauged with the fact that on Monday the ruling BJP coalition declared the new chairpersons of four advisory committees - water works, hospital, education and octroi. The remaining four committees, which too are important-weaker section, public works, health and market and women and child welfare committees - will be announced later.BJP had formed the Nagpur Vikas Aghadi and also the government for the second consecutive term in the first week of March. But it took almost two and a half months to form various advisory committees. Sources in the party said that as the party's national president Nitin Gadkari is thinking of contesting Lok Sabha elections in 2014, it is trying to strike a balance.Senior corporator Sudhakar Kolhe has been appointed as the chief of critical water supply committee. Dr Safatla Ambatkar has retained hospitals, former public works committee chief Avinash Thakre will head the education committee and Kishore Dorle will be the chief of octroi committee.Former standing committee chairman Sandip Joshi has been appointed as chief of a five-member committee formed to study parking in new buildings and proposal to increase FSI of private medical institutions.Besides these committees, the ruling party also declared a two-member committee led by ruling party leader Pravin Datke as chairman and leader of opposition as member to ensure proper implementation of SRA-BSUP (slum rehabilitation) scheme in the city. An 11-member committee for installation of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar's statute at Patwardhan Ground led by deputy mayor Sandip Jadhav as a chairman was also formed.The new members of various committee are: Water works committee -Nilima Bawne, Gopichand Kumre, Pradip Pohane, Rashmi Fadnavis, Sagar Lokhande; hospital committee- Dr Uma Gathibande, Lata Yadav, Sangeeta Girhe, Gopal Bohre, Kiran Rodge; education committee-Sadhana Barde, Chetna Tank, Varsha Thakre, Mohan Wadibhasme, Manisha Ghodeswar; octroi committee- Sanjay Balpande, Sharad Bante, Pradip Pohane, Gopichand Kumre, Aslam Khan.However, appointments of Sandip Joshi and Avinash Thakre in other committees have increased the chances of former mayor Ravindra Bhoyar to be nominated as a trustee in Nagpur Improvement Trust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13539249", "title": "Youth nabbed for temple thefts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of crime branch officials arrested a 21-year old youth for committing thefts at temples in the city on Friday. The accused identified as Rajendra Vaghela has confessed to three thefts in past three months.The officials said Vaghela alias Raju, a resident of Chandabhai ni chali, Bapunagar, was arrested on the basis of suspicion after he was spotted selling a huge quantity of coins to a paan parlour owner at Shyam Shikhar complex in Bapunagar. Vaghela, who had sold Rs 300 coins of one and two rupees denomination, confessed that he had stolen the coins from the donation box of a temple in Naroda.\"When we checked with Naroda police, we got to know that a Ganesh temple had been raided by thieves the previous night. The booty stolen from the temple consists of silverware and silver ornaments of the idol. We have started search for the valuables,\" said a crime branch official. Vaghela confessed that he had earlier stolen goods from Shaherkotda and Odhav police station areas.Rajendra Vaghela, who had sold Rs 300 coins of one and two rupees denomination to a paan shop owner in Bapunagar, confessed that he had stolen the coins from the donation box of a temple in Naroda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13540437", "title": "Two nabbed for 35-year-old man's murder in South Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Two persons were arrested by the V P Road police for allegedly murdering a labourer. Baniram Thapa (35) was found dead in Girgaum on May 20.Thapa's name was tattooed on his left forearm, helping the police to establish his identity. The police questioned some of his acquaintances before zeroing in on Lalbihari Paswan (27), a handcart puller and Rupesh Babu alias Hamalia (32), a coolie. Paswan was arrested on May 21 and led the investigators to his associate Hamalia, who was arrested on Friday.\"The two accused had a spat with Thapa near Gol temple as Paswan wanted money for liquor and his addiction to whitener. When Thapa refused to give any money, Paswan and Hamalia slit his throat with a sharp weapon,\" a police official saidA metropolitan court has remanded the duo in police custody till May 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13541795", "title": "Swamy to file private plaint in Maxis deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy on Saturday told a special CBI court hearing the 2G spectrum case that he will file a private complaint in the case relating to the Aircel-Maxis deal.During the hearing, Swamy told Special CBI Judge O P Saini that although CBI is investigating the Aircel-Maxis deal he wants to file an additional complaint in the case in which he has earlier levelled allegations against home minister P Chidambaram.CBI is probing the alleged role of former telecom minister Dayanidhi Maran in the Aircel-Maxis deal in which the Aircel erstwhile owner was \"arm twisted\" into selling the company. The court posted hearing in the case for August 25.When the judge said anyone can file a private complaint, Swamy said \"there is something related to the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB)\". As finance minister between 2004 and 2008, Chidambaram had been involved in clearing FIPB decisions. Swamy had earlier told Supreme Court, which is hearing the case, that the CBI probe into the Aircel-Maxis deal was focused only on Maran's role in pressuring Aircel owner C Sivasankaran to sell his stake to the Malaysian firm Maxis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-27"}
