{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15540443", "title": "Wetlands are getting less and less rainfall", "text": "BANGALORE: Rainfall has been decreasing in Kodagu, Chikmagalur and Dakshina Kannada districts over the last 100 years. DK received an annual rainfall of 3,653 mm in 1901 (111 years ago), while in 2008 it stood at 3,441 mm. The same with Chikmagalur district \u2014 from 1,927 to 1,872 mm. \"In a global phenomenon, coastal areas are getting lesser amount of precipitation.As the rainfall in the interior parts increases, a balance needs to be maintained. In the hilly areas, rain is decreasing due to vegetation loss,'' said MB Rajegowda. The quantum of rainfall remained the same for 20 years (1901 to 1920) before it came down marginally in the next decade. For the next 50 years, the rainfall was swinging by a few mm. It was only in 1971-1980 that the state's rainfall touched the 1300 mm mark. After 1991 when Karnataka recorded the highest ever rainfall of 1350 mm, the state has not crossed the 1,300 mm mark, says BK Ramachandrappa, chief scientist (dry land agriculture) at UAS.CLOUD COVERSouth-west monsoon normally sets in over the extreme southern parts of the state by June 1 and covers the entire state by June 10. The rain months \u2014 July and August \u2014 account to about 25% and 18% respectively of annual rainfallCLIMATE CLASSThree climatic classes are found in the state: arid, semi-arid and humid. The mean annual rainfall varies from 400mm in the eastern parts to more than 4,000mm in the Western Ghats and coastDRY FACTSWhile Rajasthan is the worst hit, Karnataka stands second in terms of total geographical area prone to drought. Nearly 90% of the population in this semi-arid region is dependent on agricultureWHAT IS THE 16-YEAR CYCLEThe scientists stumbled upon a definite cycle of 16 years, eight of which receive above normal rainfall and the rest less than normal. If one half of the cycle receives less than normal rainfall (say from 1950 to 1958), the other half receives more than the normal amount. During this half of the cycle, two or three years would have received rainfall opposite to the trend. \"When we analyse data, we try to generate common features and understand the trend. The 16-year cycle is something that became obvious during our analysis. This is part of a global phenomenon and was noticed from 1950,\" said Rajegowda.WE ARE IN FOR BAD TIMESIf one goes by the cycle, the positive eight years of the cycle has been completed and the negative cycle has begun now. One negative cycle in Karnataka began in 1998. The state experienced droughts for three years since 2001. The next eight years lifted the spirits of farmers in the state. Bangalore Urban district, for instance, received rainfall above the 1,000-mm mark in 2005 and 2008. However, the positive cycle has ended and Karnataka is in for tough times again. \"According to the cycle, the negative cycle has begun. There might be one or two years that will buck the trend. Otherwise, the rainfall would be below the normal amount for the coming years,\" Rajegowda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15539284", "title": "NE students in Raj receiving threats: Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh's (RSS) Jaipur unit on Friday claimed that students from north-eastern districts residing in Rajasthan were receiving threat messages related to the communal violence in Assam. The Sangh office-bearers even expressed doubts over the state's preparedness in dealing with a Karnataka-like panic situation leading to large-scale exodus of natives of the north-eastern districts.The Sangh started a helpline for the northeasterners residing in Rajasthan and said it would be arranging boarding-lodging facilities to ensure their safety.\"All basic and primary requirements of these students/natives would be taken care of by the RSS members and volunteers. Arrangements have been made at the district levels. If need arises, we will approach the administration on issues like the students' security,\" said Ramesh Agarwal, RSS's senior office-bearer at Jaipur.At a press conference, Agarwal said the northeasterners in need of help can contact on the Sangh helpline numbers: 9829010617, 998685589, 9414041443 and 0141-375496.The RSS unit asserted that its volunteers on state's educational campuses were in touch with students of north-east origin who received threat SMSes. \"We have confirmed information about the threat messages. Though the situation here is not as grim as in states like Karnataka, the state government seems unprepared for a panic situation,\" Agarwal told reporters. He added a rally was held in support of these students in Jodhpur and the 'heat' of Assam violence was gradually spreading in the state.The RSS even accused the government of turning a blind eye to the issue of Bangladeshi infiltration that lay at the root of the communal violence in Assam. \"The Bangladeshis not only infiltrate and start working here, but also manage to get ration cards that are meant for Indian citizens only. For this, not just the Centre but the state governments, too, are responsible,\" Agarwal said. \"No efforts are being made to stop the infiltration and it reeks of a deliberate conspiracy against the country,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15539350", "title": "Nashik official to head national fencing panel", "text": "NASHIK: Ashok Dudhare (50), who, in the past, has introduced games like fencing, jump-rope, ring-tennis, indoor cricket, atya-patya, ball badminton , and tug-of-rope to the city Nashikites, has been honoured by the All India Fencing Federation who have selected him as by elevating him as a chief of its technical committee.Dudhare already works currenrly He is already working as a joint secretary in the national body.A sports teacher who has been awared the Chhatrapati prize, Dudhare awardee sports teacher is currently works at Niphad near Nashik.He has produced seven Chatrapati award winners in Nashik and during his tenure as chief of the Nashik Fencing Association and has led the city to become a tremendous force to reckon with in fencing at state championships across all age groups.Dudhare has also served in sevaried capacities on the state fencing body for the last twenty years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15539346", "title": "Poor rain forces use of new onion seeds to boost output", "text": "NASHIK: With an impending onion crisis in the offing within a couple of months in the country due to an irregular monsoon, the National Horticulture Research and Development Foundation (NHRDF) has started distributing seeds of an improved variety of onion that can be grown in a short span of two months as against the normal four-month growth period. taken by the normal variety.The NHRDF has distributed 300 quintals of seeds across the country, including 15 to 16 quintals in Nashik district. The new direct seeding technology is expected to cover around 12,000 acres of land across the country by August-end. Harvesting is expected by the end of October. In Nashik district, the area under cultivation is expected to be at around 600 acres.Speaking to TOI, additional director, NHRDF, Satish Bhonde said, \"As an onion crisis is expected during the Kharif season from the month of October due to erratic monsoon this year, we are planning to apply direct seeding technology to overcome a possible shortage in production. The new variety of seeds grows in a span of just two months once they are sown. ItThis does not need the traditional method of transplantation. While the normal variety takes three-and-a-half months to four months to grow, the new variety grows in a span of two months.\" He added that the response from farmers toward the use of the technology has been promising.\"We have sold around 300 quintals of the new improved variety ofseeds across the country, including 15-16 quintals in Nashik district. Around two kilos of seed are required per acre. The productivity is around 60 to 70 quintals per acre and costs Rs. 350 per kg,\" Bhonde said.\"If the new improved varieties of seeds are sown by mid-August, harvesting is expected by mid-October,\" he added. We have still enough stock of onion seeds of around 500 quintals.\"According to NHRDF reports, around 29.5 lakh tonne of onions harvested last summer have been stored across the country. Present arrivals in Nashik markets are from this stock. The quality of onion is medium to good and so far, around 20-25% of the stored stock have been used.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15541091", "title": "Activists cry foul over probe by sub-committee", "text": "Mysore: The decision of University of Mysore to set up a Syndicate sub-committee to look into complaints of malpractices during admission at Yuvaraja's College could land it into trouble. While the panel is asked to submit a report after verifying the charges, activists who have filed a PIL in the high court, on Friday said the move is to bury the controversy.Activists K S Shivaramu and A H Krishnegowda said that it amounts to contempt of court, given that the case is pending before the court and asked UoM not to decide on the issue till the court ruling is out. In case of failure, the duo said they will move court.The charge is that Yuvaraja's College bent its rules to accommodate Shobit R to the five-year Integrated MSc (molecular biology) course. Shobit is the son of chemistry professor K S Rangappa, who is the VC of Karnataka State Open University. The student got admitted to a constituent college of the university on August 28, 2006, after submitting an application on August 24, 2006. He has passed II PU on August 16. The admission process was over some one month before he applied for the course. The college's admission committee also allegedly reduced the minimum marks to apply from 55% to 45%. The charge is that it is to ensure that Rangappa, who was one of the members of the admission committee, gets his son a seat. Rangappa has denied the charge.The activists said a PIL has been filed in the high court, seeking its intervention. \"The court has ordered issuance of notices to UoM registrar P S Naik and Rangappa,\" they told reporters. \"While the case is being heard, the university is trying to bury the case by constituting a committee headed T N Prabhakar, joint director of collegiate education. This amounts to contempt of court,\" they claimed.Pointing out that MLC Marithibbegowda is one of the members of the panel, they alleged that it is to ensure that Rangappa gets a clean chit since, they said, the legislator has earlier argued in favour of Rangappa in a different case. Marithibbegowda is the member of the Syndicate. \"During the special meeting of the Syndicate on August 2, the MLC had defended Rangappa...,\" they stated.When contacted, Rangappa said: \"I've done no wrong, and records make it clear. I don't want to discuss it since I've better things to do unlike others who have an agenda.\" Rangappa said he has not received any notice from the high court.Sources told TOI that Prabhakar-headed committee is yet to submit its report to UoM. The university had scheduled a special meeting of the Syndicate on August 10 to discuss the issue, but it was put off. \"The meeting was postponed,\" they stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15538504", "title": "Dug up roads are 24x7 mishap sites", "text": "NAGPUR: In their haste to meet deadlines, private contractors working on 24x7 water supply project are ignoring to properly fill up the trench and level roads after laying the pipelines. Caving in of road sections at many places has increased chance of mishaps.One such example is a 50-metre section dug up right in the middle of the road near Chhaoni Durga Mata Mandir T-point at Raj Nagar for laying water pipeline a month ago. It has not been restored even after the work is over. When TOI team visited the spot, it found that instead of levelling the dug up portion, the contractor had simply covered the patch with mud. The portion appeared a hurdle for traffic movement and an open invitation for accidents.Owner of a fast-food joint at this junction told TOI that the contractor had unevenly filled up the trench with mud and boulders. This had led to an increase in mishaps involving mostly two-wheeler riders, he said. Adding to the woes are non-functioning streetlights, claimed another resident Ramesh Chiwande.When contacted, Mangalwari zone officials refused to comment. However, senior PI (traffic west) MD Jadhav assured to look into the matter. \"I will visit the place and pursue the matter with NMC officials,\" he said.The situation is similar on other roads dug up for laying electricity cables. An agitated two-wheeler rider Rafique Aziz, said, \"The NMC's zonal offices and public works department have turned a blind eye to this problem. It is high time the all agencies, including the civic bodies, were pulled up by government and made to clear the debris and repair the roads immediately.\"On the patch between Ravi Nagar square and Ram Nagar, the contractor is carrying out levelling work late in the night. Despite ban on noise pollution from 10pm to 6am, this work is going on giving sleepless nights to the residents. As the concrete mixers and other machines make loud noise, residents have appealed to the NMC to carry out the job during daytime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15543044", "title": "Katie bids goodbye to Tom Cruise\u2019s mansion", "text": "Katie Holmes has reportedly shifted her belongings from the Beverly Hills mansion that she shared with former hubby Tom Cruise .According to the website X17, moving trucks were spotted outside the Los Angeles residence - a 30 million dollar seven-bed/nine-bath mansion, complete with a tennis court, swimming pool and movie theater, the New York Post reported.Holmes will be getting another mansion in Montecito, California plus the Dawsons Creek actress and her 6-year-old daughter Suri aren't living too shabbily themselves, in their 12,500 dollar-a-month Chelsea apartment in New York, where they have been living for the past 1 month.Holmes current Seventh Avenue pad has a fitness center, valet services, an on-site Whole Foods, a concierge service and a child's play room where her daughter can make friends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15538006", "title": "Look-out notice against P V Narasimha Rao kin", "text": "HYDERABAD: A look-out notice was issued by the Musheerabad police on Friday against a close relative of former Prime Minister P V Narasimha Rao for allegedly cheating a person.Musheerabad inspector Mohammed Riyazuddin said M V Prasada Rao, son-in-law of Narasimha Rao's elder brother, promised to help a person secure a petrol bunk and collected Rs 14 lakh.After taking the money, Prasada Rao, a resident of Himayatnagar, vanished along with his family in April.Reddy handed over Rs 14 lakh to Prasada Rao, who fled with the money. A resident of Himayathnagar, Rao has been absconding along with his family members since April during when the offence was committed.Meanwhile, the Nampally criminal court, after taking cognizance of the matter, issued a non-bailable warrant against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538449", "title": "Brother arrested, wait on for Gopal Kanda\u2019s surrender", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a sudden turn of events in the Geetika Sharma suicide case, prime accused Gopal Kanda's brother Govind was arrested early on Saturday even as the wait continued for the Sirsa MLA's surrender at the Ashok Vihar police station.Expectations of Kanda's surrender rose after his counsel said late on Friday that the MLA intended to surrender. However, around 10.30pm, Delhi Police chief Neeraj Kumar tweeted that they will \"arrest Kanda soon enough\" and that his \"best boys are on the job\" . The police all throughout the evening maintained that they would arrest Kanda.The developments followed after Delhi high court on Friday morning shot down Gopal Kanda's anticipatory bail plea. The court also took Delhi Police to task for being unable to arrest the MLA, saying the exminister appeared to be \"sitting comfortably somewhere\" without fear of arrest.Justice P K Bhasin also took exception to Kanda not filing the bail plea himself despite being a \"free man,\" and instead letting his brother sign the affidavit along with the application. Citing case laws, the court pointed out that this procedural lapse in itself was a \"sufficient\" ground for rejection of bail. HC highlighted the conduct of police ever since Geetika committed suicide and concluded that \"because of all these actions of police the accused appears to be sitting comfortably somewhere without any apprehension of his arrest ... and that circumstance also appears to be the reason for his not claiming anticipatory bail himself.\"The court wondered why the police could not press their plea before a magistrate's court to search Kanda's premises in Haryana.It said the \"file also shows that an application had been moved in the court of additional chief metropolitan magistrate ... seeking permission to search his house on August 8, 2012, but that application was not pressed when it was taken up for consideration ... and the same got dismissed as withdrawn . Thereafter, no fresh application appears to have been moved in that regard.\" It viewed the anticipatory bail plea as an attempt by Kanda or liable to be rejected, without going into the merits at all, only on the ground that the same has not been filed by the person apprehending his arrest.\"It added the bail plea nowhere explained why the accused did not file it. \"In the entire application not even a word has been said as to why Kanda himself had not sworn an affidavit in support of this application if at all he had filed the same,\" it pointed out.The court also found it strange that the vakalatnama, executed by Kanda on August 13, had been identified by lawyer Ravinder Singh six days before it was signed by the accused , making its genuineness suspect. \"One vakalatnama is on record which purports to have been signed by Gopal Kanda in favour of some advocates. This vakalatnama is shown to have been executed by Kanda on August 13, 2012. However, one of the advocates, whose name appears to be Ravinder Singh, has put his signatures for identifying the executant of the vakalatnama but that advocate had put his signatures on August 8, 2012. That creates a suspicion in the mind of the court..., \" it said. his associates to \"bring it on record from the side of police that the accused himself has gone underground and police are unable to arrest him so that investigation gets delayed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15539900", "title": "Case study: Lifeguard saves tourist who defied warning &amp; entered sea after boozing", "text": "PANAJI: A tourist from Dhule, Maharashtra, was rescued from drowning by the Drishti special response services off Calangute beach on Friday. According to Drishti, the tourist, Vinay Varude, 26, had allegedly consumed alcohol along with a group of friends. Despite being warned not to enter the water, the group waded into the sea. Suddenly Vinay got pulled by an underwater current and was trapped in a strong rip current. He soon panicked and started gesturing for help. The lifeguard on duty, Ankush Harwalkar, spotting the danger, immediately rushed towards him with a rescue tube and brought him safely to shore. On checking his condition, he was found to be having difficulty in breathing, following which oxygen was administered. An ambulance was also called, and the tourist was later taken to the Candolim Primary Health Centre for further treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15539280", "title": "Saas-bahu war over man's mysterious death", "text": "NAGPUR: The mysterious death of Shashikant Khobragade, a postal department employee, on August 14 has now turned into a battle between his mother and wife.On Friday, 65-year-old Prarambha, the mother of the deceased, accompanied by political and social activists, thronged the Ajni police station claiming foul play in her son's death. She charged that it was Maya's - wife of Khobragade - constant mental and physical that led to his unexplained death. Khobragade was the youngest of Prarambha's five sons. The mother and son were neighbours.\"On the night of August 13, I heard Shashikant wailing as if he wanted help. But I did not intervene fearing Maya's wrath,\" said Prarambha. Family sources claimed that there were injury marks on Khobragade's body.Earlier, Maya had claimed that her husband died following stress due to Prarambha going to court to claim maintenance for herself. \"He had started consuming liquor too,\" Maya had told the police. \"He could not bear the shock of having to fight his mother in court.\"A case of accidental death had been registered at Ajni police station after Khobragade was declared dead at the Government Medical College and Hospital. Maya, along with others, had rushed Khobragade to GMCH after she noticed froth coming out of his mouth early on August 14. The doctors' attempt to revive Khobragade went in vain.The episode received a twist after neighbours raised their voice in support of Prarambha. \"Not only Shashikant but the entire neighbourhood is angry at Maya,\" said Priya Shemrudkar. She too claimed seeing suspicious injury marks all over Khobragade's body.Nationalist Congress Party ( NCP) women's wing president, Nutan Rewatkar, her party colleagues Alka Kamble from north-west and Vidya Selukar from south led Prarambha and the others to Ajni police station. \"Police has promised to take the probe further after the post-mortem report is out in the next fortnight. We would be following the case to ensure justice,\" she said.Kamble, who brought the matter to fore, said that the entire neighbourhood is rallying against Maya, something the police should take cognisance of while investigating the case.Sources in the Ajni police station said that the controversies in the death can only be settled after the reports from the forensic department is out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15540740", "title": "Da Vinci painted himself into Last Supper?", "text": "London: Code cracked? Leonardo da Vinci used his own face for two apostles, Thomas and James the Lesser, in his popular painting 'the Last Supper' , according to a new theory. The theory presented by a renowned art historian Ross King suggests Leonardo used his own face for two of the apostles.King believes he has uncovered new evidence that the master artist inserted himself not once, but twice, into his famous mural, 'The Last Supper' .King, the author of the international best-seller 'Brunelleschi's Dome' , makes reference to a poem written in the 1490s, while Leonardo was painting 'The Last Supper' , by his friend Gasparo Visconti . Visconti makes fun of an unnamed artist in the poem for putting his image into his works \"however handsome it may be\" . King also cites the famous portrait of a man in red chalk, sketched around 1515 AD, which is thought to show Leonardo in his advancing years. King gives a reference to a portrait believed to be of da Vinci in his later years showing him with a Greek nose and flowing hair, much like the two apostles . Thomas is also pointing his finger upwards in the 500-year-old mural, a gesture which Leonardo's contemporaries viewed as a da Vinci trademark.\"The Last Supper is the only work that no one, either crackpot or academic , has tried to identify as a Leonardo portrait,\" King told 'the Independent' . In his book, King writes that \"Leonardo spotting has become a popular pastime\" with numerous identifications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15538481", "title": "Div commissioner to probe attack on scribes: Home secretary", "text": "LUCKNOW: Ritesh Yadav, a journalist with a local Hindi daily on Friday lodged an FIR with the Hazratganj police in connection with the attack on the scribes in which their equipment and a car was badly damaged. The case has been registered against unidentified accused under Section 395 (dacoity), 397(use of lethal weapon during commission of dacoity or robbery) and 307 (attempted murder) of the Indian Penal Code. Taking note of the nature of crime, the police have slapped Section 7 of the Criminal Law Amendment Act as well. Police confirmed that a two-wheeler was torched during the violence that took place in phases at Buddha and Haathi Park and then again near the High Court trisection.On the demand of the agitating journalists, principal secretary home RK Srivastava said the attack on journalists and the role of the police will be inquired into by the Lucknow divisional commissioner and action will be initiated against those found guilty of negligence. The journalists had accused the senior district officials of turning a blind eye to the attack on them despite being present at the site of the incident. The inquiry was ordered after the protesting journalists demanded immediate action against the district magistrate (DM) and senior superintendent of police (SSP) Lucknow.Meanwhile, reports strongly suggest that the violence was a result of a premeditated conspiracy by a section of the mob, as those indulging in arson were equipped with iron rods and sticks and the violence was completely unprovoked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15540679", "title": "Who is mad?", "text": "This piece is related to two milestones. Let me quickly dispose of the first, personal and more pleasant one. It is almost exactly a year since this column came into existence. This is a happy milestone, as writing this column has brought me into contact with so many people and shown me another side of life. My first piece, published on August 20th, 2011, was a questionnaire which is at least as pertinent today as it was then.The second 'milestone', on the other hand, marks one of those count-less disgraceful incidents that need the boundary conditions and abject insensitivity of 'Incredible India' to happen . Almost exactly a decade ago, on 6th August, 2001, twenty-six people burned to death at Moideen Badususha Mental Home, Erwadi, Tamilnadu because they could not escape the fire, on account of having been kept chained up when the fire broke out. (Please also see the article in ToI, August 16th by Hussain Kodinhi, and accompanying details of 'manacles of mental health'.)And just to show the world that we were still keeping our hand in, barely about a month ago, on 11th July 2012 , the body of a young woman was found buried within Dulal Smriti Samsad , a home for mentally disabled at Gurap, Hooghly, West Bengal. In fact, once investigation into this this last manifestation of depravity started more such bodies were also unearthed. Which nation can stand tall and lay claim to all the following mindblowing characteristics:Cities like Delhi and Chennai vie with one another for the maximum number of weekly casualties due to road accidents.The (lack of) road etiquette of our drivers is trying to surpass itself by exterminating the elderly by simply bumping them off in road accidents; an elderly (wo)man going for a walk on a sidewalk is easy prey for the suciently committed.A week doesn't go by without some drunk driver running over that poor 'vagrant' who had the misfortune of having chosen that spot for sleeping on the pavement! Rather than taking them to school, our school buses run over children on a practically daily basis.Publicized statistics show that more than half our women have been subjected to physical and sexual abuse at the hands of their own relatives.Young men routinely lace drinks of an unsuspecting female acquaintance with some drug, then gang-rape her, capture this bestiality on their cell-phone cameras, and later try to blackmail the poor girl with threats of publicizing her indignity. Gangs of hooligans of the same ilk often turn to 'moral policing' to maintain the 'decency and purity of our culture' by harassing and pawing young women, be it in Guwahati or in Mangalore.One dreads to imagine what a 'mentally ill' woman, kept under lock and key, will be subjected to by her 'attendants' . After all, doesn't one often read of policemen getting their jollies with women under 'lock-up' ?Not surprisingly, people striving to improve the cause of mentally ill people in our country, ask how long will WE, who are not residing in asylums or such Homes, claim that we ourselves are Sane? and say that on this 6th of August , we are joining hands with other groups to think about those human beings who are shackled and take a pledge to demand the right to positive mental health of all.Let me conclude this sorry litany of manifestations of our national collective mental sickness on a positive note by thanking Vaishnavi Jayakumar for suggesting that I use this column for publicizing the passage of a decade after Erwadi and let me salute her for her decades of examplary service in the cause of the mentally ill in particular, and people with disabilities in general.VS Sunder is a professor of mathematics who incidentally works out of a wheel-chair at the Institute of Mathematical Sciences, Chennai. (You can read more about about this column in his blog http:// differentstrokes-vss .blogspot.in/.) He wishes to use this space to sensitize people periodically (roughly two Saturdays a month) to the concerns of the differently-abled members of our society", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15540593", "title": "Sardar Patel Vishwa Pratibha Award for Rajmohan Gandhi", "text": "RAJKOT: An international organization of Gujarati community Vishwa Gujarati Samaj (VGS) will confer Sardar Patel Vishwa Pratibha Award on Mahatma Gandhi's grandson Rajmohan Gandhi in Rajkot on Saturday.Gandhi is a peace activist and a writer who has penned the biography of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel. The second honour known as 'Distinguished NRI Award' will be conferred on Ramesh Virani, who is based in Hong Kong.The award ceremony will be held at Balbhavan on Race Course Road in the evening. According to general secretary of VGS Vishnu Pandya, \"The awards will be given away by Gujarat governor Dr Kamla. Renowned philosopher and social thinker Lord Bhikhu Parekh and founder of Sewa organization Ila Bhatt will remain present on the occasion.\"Gandhi has written widely on the Indian Independence movement and its leaders, India-Pakistan relations, human rights and conflict resolutions.\"The Sardar Patel Vishwa Pratibha Award is being given to Gandhi for his lifetime contribution in different fields, including writing,'' Pandya said. He said that before the award ceremony, a general meeting of VGS would be held to decide upon the future plans of the organization that would complete 25 years in 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "15539313", "title": "35-year-old woman, daughter commit suicide in Jhajjar", "text": "ROHTAK: A woman and her teenaged daughter committed suicide in Guda village of Jhajjar district on Thursday. Villagers, who found the bodies hanging from a tree, called police, who brought down the bodies. Police also found a suicide note from the spot.Dujana police post in charge Satbir Singh said Poonam Devi, 35, seemed upset after the disappearance of her husband.\"Although she owned agriculture land in the village, which was the only source of income for the family, she (Poonam) was obviously shattered,\" he added.\"In her suicide note, Poonam said her husband had gone missing under mysterious circumstances five years ago.The note said the mother and daughter were voluntarily ending their lives. They held no one responsible,\" a spokesman of Jhajjar police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15539013", "title": "211 people died in six months during clinical trials in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: As many as 211 people died between January and June 2012 due to serious adverse events (SAE) during clinical trials. Investigations are now on to ascertain how many of the deaths were caused by drugs administered to the trial subjects.Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad said on Friday that the deaths could be related to diseases such as cancer or administration of drugs and their side-effects. In 2011, 438 cases of SAE were reported, of which 16 were found to be due to clinical trials. The previous year, 668 cases of SAE were reported, of which 22 were caused due to the trials.The Union health ministry says approval for conducting clinical trials now includes a condition in the consent form that in case of a study-related injury or death, the applicant will provide medical care and pay compensation. All trials are now compulsorily registered with the Indian Council of Medical Research.The compensation, however, is so far, \"according to the will\" of pharmaceutical companies. This could change as the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization has for the first time proposed a formula \"on the basis of age of the deceased, income, seriousness and severity of the disease the subject was suffering at the time of his/her participation in the trial and percentage of permanent disability.\"'Young patients must get higher compensation'The Central Drugs Standard Control Organization has for the first time proposed a formula to curb serious adverse events (SAE) during clinical trials.The CDSCO formula stipulates that the younger the patient, the higher will be the compensation.Families of the 22 people who died during clinical trials in 2010 were paid around Rs 50 lakh in all by 10 pharmaceutical companies, including well-known names such as Wyeth, Quintiles, Lilly, Amgen, Bayer , Bristol Mayer, Sanofi, PPD and Pfizer. The individual compensation ranged from Rs 1.08 lakh to Rs 10 lakh. Most of the families received Rs 1.5 lakh and Rs 2.5 lakh as a one-time settlement. This, after companies initially refused to pay compensation for majority of the deaths.\"When a 70-year-old patient who is terminally ill dies during a clinical trial due to an adverse reaction of the drug, the compensation should be less than that given to a 22-year-old man in the first stage of the same disease who dies of the same drug,\" said a CDSCO official. \"The youth could be the sole bread-winner of the family and would have lived longer but for the adverse drug reaction. So, the guidelines quantify accordingly who should get how much compensation. At present, both could get the same amount and it could be abysmally low if decided by the pharmaceutical company.\"CDSCO says a research-related injury is that which occurs to a subject as a result of research participation. Injuries may be relatively minor (such as bruises or infected wounds), major (such as organ damage or temporary disability) or catastrophic (such as permanent disability). An injury may require only acute or emergency care, or it may require continuing care. Injuries can be physical or psychological/emotional. The Drug Technical Advisory Board on October 10, 2011 had given its nod to the CDSCO to put in place a \"compensation chart\" or extensive guidelines that will specify amount to be paid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15542563", "title": "Mischievous SMSs on northeast people now doing rounds in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mischievous text messages claiming that people from the northeast will be targeted in Delhi, particularly after Ramzan, have started circulating with police today urging the community not to believe in them and stating that adequate security measures have been taken.\"Fake SMSes about northeastern people being targeted in Delhi, particularly after Ramzan, are being circulated. Do not believe them. Situation is normal. There is no violence against people from northeast,\" Robin Hibu, Joint Commissioner of Police, said.He said police have reviewed the security for northeast people with senior officials in district, Special Branch and PCR.Delhi Police Commissioner Neeraj Kumar tweeted late last night, \"Friends from NE please do not go by rumours being spread. They are rumours and only rumours. Please discard them. We are with you. No need to panic.\"\"Situation is peaceful. Highest alert is on. Police had meetings with northeast residents in Janakpuri, Mahipalpur, Munirka, Mukherjee Nagar for proper coordination of security.\"More visible patrolling in north-east dominated areas is continuing. Any rumours just dial 100, inform local police,\" Hibu said.If anyone has any doubt, he said, one can contact him at phone numbers 011-25315003 and 9810083486 or on his email robinhibu@gmail.com.His remarks came as a large number of people from the north east left Bangalore, Chennai and Pune following rumours that they will be attacked in the wake of Assam violence.Yesterday, Kumar said said there was no reason for them to panic or leave the capital.\"(We) wish to assure all people from the north east that (there is) no reason whatsoever to panic or leave Delhi. Please report any disturbing incident to us. We are with you for help,\" Kumar tweeted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15539437", "title": "Gold chain robbed in Tapovan burglary recovered", "text": "NASHIK: The Adgaon police have recovered the gold chain snatched in the robbery that took place in Tapovan on Sunday. However, two out of the three burglars are still at large.Informing more in this regard, Assistant commissioner of police (ACP) Ganesh Shinde said that following the after the robbery, they had arrested Joginder Singh Kalu Singh Sikkalwar (23) from Sinnar Phata and the stolen chain worth Rs 40,000 was later recovered from him.Before the armed robbery at Tapovan, the accused Sikkalwar had been in the was in the custody of the Manmad police for another crime before this burglary.Following his release, and after he was released from there,he along with his accomplices executed the gave effect to the robbery in bungalow at Tapovan. bungalow of the Makwanas in Tapovan.The hunt for the remaining two culprits, meanwhile, is underway, the police added.Police officials said that it was a major challenge to nab the culprits in the said crime, considering the rising concern among people in remote areas.Targetting a remote area, the culprits, in the wee hours of Sunday had entered the bungalow belonging to of Dharmesh Makwana by breaking the main latch and lock. of the main door.When the owner Dharmesh Makwana tried to stop the burglars, he was attacked with a sword and his brother, who intervened, was also assaulted. attacked. had also been meted out the same treatment.According to reports, despite all the family members pleading them not to harm them, The burglars attacked three members roughed up three members of the house and fled with the gold chain Sonali Makwana was wearing. had put on.Senior police officials said that following this incident, in light of this informed that on the backdrop of this incident, they had increased patrolling had been stepped up in the area since there is also no fully functional police chowkie in the area.And also put up fixed points, in the absence of a proper functioning police chowky in the nearby area.While volunteer groups groups of volunteers under the Shahar Suraksha Dal are still being formed, the police said that creating forming such a group in the Tapovan area was not possible since the locality was primarily occupied by temples and it was a remote neighbourhood with a most part of the area was occupied by temples and a comparatively smaller residential zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15538979", "title": "Bodies of drowned teens still missing", "text": "BOKARO: The bodies of two teenagers, who drowned in flash floods in Damodar river at Rajabeda under Chandrapura police station on Tuesday, are yet to be recovered even after 72 hours after the incident.The victims, a boy and a girl, are yet to be identified. Police have informed all police stations in Bokaro and neighbouring districts about the two children over the wireless.The boy and girl were reportedly sitting on a rock on the bank of Damodar when they were suddenly swept away in flash floods. Both of them struggled hard to save each other but the deadly waves soon overpowered them, sources said.However, passersby and villagers reached the spot hearing their screams but none of them dared to jump in water or found a way to rescue them. Even policemen failed to save the duo. The deceased battled for life about for about 30 minutes holding each other hands in the water before drowning in front of hundreds of people.Bermo DSP Santosh Pathak said the boy and girl were residents of other district who came here to spend time with each other on bank of Damoder river at Rajabeda.\"Our efforts are on to recover the bodies. They have not been identified as there are no missing reports about the duo lodged in any of the police station,\" Pathak said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15539575", "title": "Elderly couple in suicide pact", "text": "KOLKATA: Elderly people have long been soft targets in the city where the crime graph is soaring by the day. But the suicide pact of Balai Addya, 70, and his wife Debala last week has exposed the loneliness and helplessness of senior citizens, particularly those who have been shunted out of the lives of their children.The highly decomposed bodies of the couple were found hanging from ceiling fans at their Shampa Mirza Nagar Housing Estate residence in Maheshtala last Sunday. The couple cleared their dues with local shopkeepers the night before they killed themselves.Balai and Debala had been living on their own after their daughters were married off. He had been out of work for a decade after his factory shut down. The couple depended on assistance from their younger daughter Ruma Kabiraj, who lives in Behala. To save money, Balai used to walk down to Behala, some 11km away.According to police, the elder daughter had cut herself off from her parents years ago. \"As far as we know, the younger daughter used to help the couple financially. But the duo used to hesitate to run to her for help all the time. They felt they were a burden and this might have let them to commit suicide,\" said a neighbour.Debala had already lost sight in one eye due to diabetes , which had restricted her mobility. Balai used to take care of her all the time even though he was not keeping well. A few weeks ago, he was diagnosed with prostrate cancer. This may have dealt the final blow, say police.\"It seems the husband helped the wife hang herself first. Then, he committed suicide. It is a very touching story of an aged couple dying due to loneliness and insecurity. Our own officers were moved,\" said a police officer who was a part of the team that recovered the bodies.\"Balai-babu loved his wife. Since he knew that there was no one to take care of her after his death, the two entered into the suicide pact. Such is the plight of elderly people living alone with no financial or social security,\" added a neighbour.Neighbours said the duo hardly interacted with them. But Balai would often take a walk, go to the grocery shop and visit her daughter in Behala whenever they needed money.\"Before ending his life, Balai-babu ensured that he cleared his dues. He would visit my shop regularly, buy the cheapest biscuit and some times a packet of chowmein. Every month he would see that his budget did not cross Rs 100. Last month, he tightened the budget further to Rs 45 only. He cleared his last dues on Thursday,\" said Samar Mondal, a local shopkeeper.Neighbours feel that Balai did not want to burden her younger daughter further with his treatment. He also knew that there was no one to take care of her wife after his death.\"The couple used to keep to themselves and hence it was difficult for us to know fully what they were going through. I feel guilty for not having been able to help them out,\" said Basudeb Chakraborty who lives in the same building.\"My wife used to assist them financially as much as possible. But it seems that my father-in-law could not come to terms with the fact that he was detected with prostrate cancer ,\" said Pradip, Ruma's husband.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15539971", "title": "\u2018Unintentional error\u2019 : Zakaria suspension lifted", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Time magazine and CNN on Friday lifted the suspension of Indian-American writer and journalist Fareed Zakaria , who had admitted to plagiarism, saying that it was an \"unintentional error\" on his part.Following a review of the allegations of plagiarism, for which Zakaria has apologized , CNN and Time in separate statements said that his suspension has been lifted. This comes a day after The Washington Post apologized to Zakaria after the daily wrongly accused him of another instance of plagiarism.CNN and Time announced that his popular column and the Sunday talk show would now resume.\"We have completed a thorough review of each of Fareed Zakaria's columns for Time and we are entirely satisfied that the language in question in his recent column was an unintentional error and an isolated incident for which he has apologised ,\" Time's statement read. \"We look forward to having Fareed's thoughtful and important voice back in the magazine with his next column in the issue that comes out on Sept 7,\" it said.The CNN said, \"CNN has completed its internal review of Fareed Zakaria's work for CNN, including a look back at his Sunday programmes, documentaries, and CNN.com blogs. The process was rigorous. We found nothing that merited continuing the suspension. Zakaria has apologized for a journalistic lapse. CNN and Zakaria will work together to strengthen further the procedures for his show and blog.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15538457", "title": "'I don't trust anyone, no one is going to care for us'", "text": "BANGALORE: For the third consecutive day on Friday, there was no let up in the number northeasterners who turned up in panic at the City railway station. The messages of reassurance from the state government, police and community leaders seem to have had no impact on the migrants, if one went by the milling crowds at the station.\"I don't care if I have a seat in the train or not, I am happy I have got tickets for myself. I just want to reach home safely and see my parents,\" said Prerna Thakuri, native of Darjeeling, West Bengal , who took the day's first special train to Guwahati which left the city at 3pm. Prerna runs a readymade food selling business in BTM Layout, while two of her brothers work in a hotel.\"I am not sure what is going on but I am afraid. My parents are worried and the situation is worsening in Assam. I just want to be with my parents and family at this time,\" said Narul Bora, 27, security officer at an industry in Jigani. Narul, a native of Tejpur district in Assam, is hopeful he can come back soon.But many migrants are unsure whether they will ever return to Bangalore. They believe that their safety is not assured in Bangalore notwithstanding assurances from ministers, police, lawyers, ABVP and media. \"I don't trust anyone. Even my employer said that I should leave the city, which means that no one is going to care for us,\" said Raju Chetri, labourer from Assam, working in Bannerghatta.\"We would have stayed back if our employers had assured us their support and help, but instead they said we should leave the city,\" said Anu Pradhan, a Nepal national and Darjeeling resident, who works in a salon inside the campus of an IT major in Electronics City.Techie does his bitAbhishek Rajpal, a techie, was among those who sought to reach out to the panic-stricken migrants on Friday. Rajpal was seen talking to northeasterners at the City railway station and assuring that the situation in Bangalore did not warrant them fleeing. \"It is so disturbing that I could not resist coming here and trying to stop them from returning home,\" said Rajpal.Besides India Against Corruption , ABVP and RSS activists, some lawyers from the City civil court too were at the station to dissuade the migrants from leaving the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15538961", "title": "Unidentified goons murder PDS dealer in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: Unidentified criminals killed Public Distribution System (PDS) dealer Kristo Mandal near his house at Angwali under Petarwar police station on Friday.Officer-in-charge of the police station, Sachindra Jha said the incident occurred when Mandal left home for work in the evening. Few criminals came in his way and started beating him up. The victim tried to resist and screamed for help. Hearing his screams his son rushed to the spot. But before he could do anything they stabbed Mandal with sharp-edged weapons and escaped.A FIR has been lodged in this connection and search is being launched to nab the criminals. \"The cause behind the murder is yet to be ascertained,\" said Jha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15544042", "title": "Sexless reproduction comes close to reality", "text": "An Indian-origin research geneticist, who has written a celebration of all the eccentric creatures like the whiptail lizard capable of reproducing by themselves without sexual contact, has claimed that sexless reproduction is the way of the future for humans too.Merely a generation ago, test-tube babies were the stuff of science fiction but now they have been accepted as a reality. In the same way, Aarathi Prasad from Imperial College London suggests that humans could well be looking at a future in which babies could be born without any sperm donors, let alone contact between the sexes.Her book 'Like A Virgin' explores a fundamentally serious theme we human beings are in control of our own destiny and there is nothing sacred or special about life itself.This is so because we live in a world where science means we can manipulate everything \u2014 even the process of reproduction.Indeed, the central tenet of her story is that virgin births are now almost within the grasp of science.An artificial womb \u2014 a plastic container specially designed to hold fluids and bacteria found in natural wombs, has already been pioneered in Australia.According to Prasad, it will one day be technically possible for a man to develop a child in one of these 'wombs' without the co-operation of any female partner.Prasad points out that science has already developed artificial sperm. And that such sperm has produced offspring. How far behind can be the synthetic egg?Her book also comes up with all kinds of freak case histories which appear to suggest that a virgin birth might not be beyond the bounds of science as new techniques develop.She tells of cases where growths in the ovaries simulate the properties of a foetus. We read of weird 'ovarian teratomas' (tumours which grow from unfertilised egg cells) which can develop humanoid features such as teeth and hair.One such malformation discovered inside a young Japanese virgin in 2003 had a doll-like body with an eye which had lashes.The idea is that with more understanding of the processes behind these bizarre cases, we could learn how to reproduce without the aid of any partner.However, she has warned that such research may well be necessary. Infertility is on the rise in the world, she claims \u2014 which means that the normal means of reproducing the human race could actually be under threat in the very long term.She also warned that the Y chromosome \u2014 the strand of DNA which helps shape the male of any species \u2014 is 'hurtling down the evolutionary road towards extinction'.Research has shown that the genetic information contained on it has been disintegrating over time.\"Why can't a man be a mother?\" the Daily Mail quoted her as saying.\"Why do we care so much about what it means to be a 'mother' rather than to be a 'parent'?\"By all reasonable estimates, in the near future we will conquer the tyranny of the womb. The question remains if we can also conquer the tyranny of human prejudice, too,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "15540759", "title": "Accused claims he knew victim", "text": "MOHALI: Accused Maninder Singh and Tejinder Singh are students of a Sector-34 based computer coaching institute and Maninder claimed before police that he was known to victim Rijakdeep for a long time.Accused Maninder and Tejinder were produced in the district courts, Mohali, and sent in police custody for two days on Friday. Third accomplice was identified as Lucky, a resident of Sector 35 in Chandigarh.The interrogation of prime suspect Maninder revealed he had purchased shard-edged weapon, a jungle knife, which was used in the crime from McLeodganj in Himachal recently. The bullet motorcycle, which was also used in the crime, was registered in the name of Jarnail Singh, father of co-accused Tejinder.Though, Maninder is a resident of Landran and belongs to an agriculturist family, Tejinder is a resident of Phase IX, in Mohali. Police have also seized the cellphones of Maninder and Tejinder to ascertain call details.SHO of PS Phase I, Gurdeep Singh, said Jarnail Singh, father of accused Tejinder, was also questioned in this regard and his son along with Maninder was arrested following his questioning. In their statements to police, Maninder claimed Rijakdeep and her mother Raminder Kaur were attacked by him and Tejinder, and Lucky was standing near motorcycle outside the house when attack took place. However, police are skeptical about Maninder's claim that the victim was already known to him and they didn't get in touch through Facebook.Maninder along with two others barged into the house of Rijakdeep in Phase IV, Mohali, and attacked the girl and her mother with sharp-edged weapon on Thursday. Earlier, youths had threatened the daughter and mother in Sector 41 market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15538810", "title": "University of Pune vice-chancellor to meet NE students", "text": "PUNE: University of Pune vice-chancellor Wasudev Gade will soon meet students from the northeastern states studying in the postgraduate departments, affiliated colleges and recognized institutions in the city, to boost their morale and reassure them about their safety. The date and venue for the meeting has not been finalized as yet.Gade has directed all postgraduate departments, affiliated colleges and recognized institutions to ensure adequate steps to protect the students. He also asked the heads of colleges/institutions to meet NE students to reassure them about their safety in the city.The UoP has sought a detailed list of students from NE states who are studying on their campuses to be sent to the board of students' welfare.The move comes in the wake of the recent instances of attacks on some students from the NE states living in Kondhwa and Pune Cantonment areas. These instances have occurred against the backdrop of the ethnic violence in Assam and have been triggered by an inflammatory MMS that was circulated on cellphones in the last few days.At least five cases of attacks on students from NE have so far been registered by the Kondhwa and the Pune Cantonment police and another two instances have been registered as non-cognisable offences since August 8. In all 15 suspects were arrested in these cases and they were subsequently released on bail. Another two cases have been registered under the Infotech (IT) Act, regarding the circulation of the MMS.Almost half of the UoP's 625 affiliated colleges and 300-odd recognized institutions are located in Pune district while Pune city is a know education hub with a sizeable student population including those from NE states. The recent attacks and panic situation caused by rumours about the well-being of students from NE states had set off an exodus of these people to their native place on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15538723", "title": "R R Patil urges people from NE to return to Pune, says govt responsible for security", "text": "PUNE: Home minister R R Patil on Friday appealed to the people from northeast to return to Pune saying the state government takes the responsibility of their security.Patil was speaking at a meeting with college principals, professionals and students of northeast at the Pune police commissionerate.Patil reviewed the spate of attacks and expressed satisfaction on the action taken by the Pune police against 15 youths. He said senior police officials have been instructed to take stern action against mischief mongers and appealed to all not to fall prey to rumours.Police commissioner Gulabrao Pol, joint commissioner of police Sanjeev Kumar Singhal and others were also present at the meeting.When the students expressed fears that the crisis situation may deter them from attending college regularly and filling examination forms, Patil said he will request the vice-chancellor of the University of Pune to ensure that the students do not suffer any academic loss.\"I'm not able to reach a conclusion as to why those staying in Maharashtra are being targeted,\" Patil said, adding that the Pune police are investigating and those behind the conspiracy will be identified soon.Later, Patil told newspersons that police bandobast at colleges and localities where people from northeast were staying will continue till normalcy was restored.\"I have issued instructions that complaints from the people of northeast be attended to without delay. If the complaints are not attended to, then the police station in charge will have to face action,\" Patil said while responding to allegations that Premananda Khodram was beaten up twice and two others from Meghalaya were threatened with dire consequences, but no complaints were registered in either cases.A review has revealed that the people from northeast have not left Pune out of fear, but because they were asked by their family members to return home as soon as possible.The home minister appealed to the public to cooperate with police for maintaining law and order.About action against the social networking sites used for misleading youths of a particular community, the home minister said two cases under the Information Technology Act were registered against unidentified people and the cyber cells in Pune and Mumbai were investigating.The state government has to write to the central government and contact agencies abroad to block derogatory and inflammatory pages on social networking sites. By the time action is taken the clips are circulated to thousands of people, Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "15542489", "title": "Anil Kumble rings Nasdaq closing bell", "text": "NEW YORK: Indian cricketer Anil Kumble rang the closing bell at the Nasdaq Stock Exchange on Friday to commemorate India's 66th Independence Day.Kumble was accompanied by members of the Federation of Indian Associations (FIA), which is one of the largest umbrella organisations of the Indian community in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut.Kumble is the chief guest at the annual India Day Parade, organised by the FIA .Actor Saif Ali Khan is grand marshall of the parade, which will run through 10 blocks in Manhattan on Sunday.Kumble said it is an honour for him to represent India at the closing bell ceremony at Nasdaq.\"There is a lot of representation in Nasdaq from India and thanks to the Indian community that a cricketer is here to ring the closing bell,\" Kumble said.Every year, thousands of New Yorkers throng Manhattan's Madinson avenue to watch the parade, which showcases the culture and heritage of India as well as the contribution of the Indian Americans in the country through colourful floats and dance performances.Last year actress Rani Mukherjee was the grand marshall of the parade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "15543583", "title": "Twitter: Mars rover Curiosity spoof video goes viral", "text": "NEW YORK: A Seattle-based comedy group has paid a hilarious tribute to Nasa's Mars rover Curiosity team in the wake of the country's obsession with its landing on August 5.Using the beat from LMFAO's 'I'm Sexy and I Know It', the group parodied everything from the space agency's blue polo shirts to the Curiosity's landing, the New York Daily News reported.The spoof video shows a group of \"NASA\" members hard at work on landing the Mars rover, touting their space skills in rap form.\"I got stars on my 'hawk and I ain't afraid to show it,\" sings a spiky-haired impersonator of NASA's leading heartthrob, Bobak Ferdowsi, who shot to nationwide fame after video of him the night of the landing lit up the internet.The chorus of the catchy tune, of course, is, \"We're NASA and we know it.\"In the video, the group - suited up in NASA-esque blue polo shirts and sitting in a dummy control room - dance through the streets and rap their space terms alongside the beat.\"This is how I rove, bakin' red rocks in my nuclear stove,\" one lyric goes, accompanied by cute animations.The group also show off some synchronised dance moves, featuring a woman in an American flag bikini and a man in an astronaut-style orange jumpsuit.The video was put together by Seattle-based comedy group Satire, with the role of Bobak played by web video comedian David Hudson.It got a stamp of approval from both NASA's official Twitter account and the verified account for the rover itself, which both retweeted the link to the legions of space fans who have been extremely vocal in their passion for all things Curiosity since the Mars landing.\"This fan-made video is AWESOME (and I know it.)\" the rover tweeted, adding the hashtag \"#wiggle #wiggle #wiggle as another nod to the LMFAO song.The real Bobak Ferdowsi, also gave the video a thumbs up.\"Well played!\" Ferdowsi tweeted.\"Video is hilarious and awesome, but don't know that we can dance like that (see high5s for ref),\" he added, poking fun at himself and his team for their well-chronicled awkward high-fives the night of the Rover landing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15539660", "title": "30 Sri Lankan Tamils rescued from traffickers", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu 'Q' branch sleuths on Thursday night rescued 30 Sri Lankan Tamils at Vandalur while being taken by a gang involved in human trafficking to Mamallapuram from where they were to be transported to an island near Australia.Acting on a tip, the sleuths intercepted the vehicle carrying the Sri Lankan Tamils, but the gang members managed to flee. Initial inquiries revealed that they were to board a ferry to set sail for Christmas Island where they would be put up before going to Australia.The refugees, who paid more than 50,000 to 1 lakh each, were asked to return to their camps in different parts of the state.This is the second such incident in less than one week. A few days ago, police arrested five people said to be involved in human trafficking and rescued 23 Sri Lankan Tamils who were later sent to the refugee camps concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15537642", "title": "Haj House to get new neighbour", "text": "HYDERABAD: After losing land worth crores, the cash-strapped AP State Wakf Board has finally embarked upon a commercial project which it is confident will yield high returns - the construction of a swankyGarden View Mall (GVM) adjacent to Haj House which it hopes to lease out to a single corporate house or multiple retailers.The G+7 structure, complete with two cellars for parking and a built-up area of 1.65 lakh square feet will be Nampally's latest landmark.Zaheeruddin Sufi, Wakf Board and GVM sub-committee member said, \"Although we intend to give the entire property on lease to one multi-national company, we are also exploring options of having a multi-tenanted occupancy. We are very particular about leasing it out only to companies of repute. Once the ground floor is done we will advertise in newspapers and the second phase will be taken up only after clients approach us. Divisions on the floor area will be made according to the clients' requirement. We will be leasing out the property at prevailing market rates.\" Wakf Board officials said they had already been approached by some firms, including an airline, for office space.Wakf Board chairman Syed Ghulam Afzal Biyabani said there were hardly any new buildings in the area which offer state of the art construction and a floor area of more than 10,000 square feet. \"We have awarded the contract to KPC Projects. The slab of the first cellar has been laid and the first phase will be completed in about six to eight months.\"Out of the Rs 15 crore allotted, Rs 10.24 crore have been released towards the construction of a cold shell structure.Officials pointed out that the land measuring 3,809 square yards adjacent to Haj House was bought during S A Huda's (now DGP, law and order) stint in the Wakf Board as special officer. Around Rs 22 crore was shelled out from the compensation money received from various wakf properties in Visakhapatnam such as the Hazrat Ishaq Madani Dargah, Koh-e-Imam-e-Zamin, properties in Krishna, Medak and Nizamabad districts. They added that revenue generated from the mall would go for the welfare of minorities and also to the wakf properties whose funds were utilised for purchasing the land.While many from the Wakf Board are confident of the mall's success, some board members are sceptical. A board member said, \"Politicians including ministers have already started meddling by recommending contractors. The mall might meet the same fate as the wakf commercial complex in Vijayawada (which has been reduced to a cluster of small shopping units) if this continues.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15542418", "title": "Central University at Motihari in Bihar, says govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government on Friday said it decided to set up a Central University at Motihari after efforts to upgrade the status of Patna University failed.Replying to a debate on a private members' resolution in the Lok Sabha, minister of state for HRD D Purandeshwari said the Centre had mooted upgrading Patna University as a Central University at the start of the 11th Five Year Plan.However, the then Bihar government never brought forward the proposal in this regard, she said adding Motihari was then chosen as the site.She virtually ruled out setting up any more Central University in Bihar as the state had already been granted two such higher education institutions.Earlier this year, HRD Ministry had announced setting up two Central Universities in Bihar -- one each at Patna and Gaya.Purandeshwari said Bihar with a population of over 10 crore had two Central Universities while Tamil Nadu with a population of seven crore had only one such institution.\"We are not neglecting any state. But resources required to set up a Central University are very large,\" she said.After the minister's reply, the resolution moved by Om Prakash Yadav (Ind), who was not present in the House, was put to vote and defeated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15544381", "title": "5 SMS per day limit comes into effect", "text": "NEW DELHI: To check spread of rumours which has led to exodus of northeastern people from certain states, government banned from today bulk SMSes and MMSes for 15 days across the country.\"We have banned bulk SMSes and MMSes for 15 days,\" Union Home Secretary RK Singh told PTI.The decision was taken after reports of widespread circulation of SMSes and MMSes containing misleading information about Assam violence, threats to people of northeastern origin living in other parts of the country and doctored videos.The Home Ministry has asked Department of Telecommunications to implement the order through the telecom operators.From today onwards, no one will be able to send more than 5 SMSes in one go and more than 20 KB of data through mobile phones during the ban period. Though the limit on SMS is on bulk messages, some operators have reportedly levied this cap on person-to-person SMSes as well.The ban came into force after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said that spread of rumours by miscreants had led to people belonging to the north east to flee from Bangalore, Pune and some other parts of the country.Noting that the guilty should be brought to book, the Prime Minister said that at stake was not just unity and integrity of the country, but also communal harmony.\"Any miscreant fanning rumours should be brought to book,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15539392", "title": "Candidate claims he was forced to file nomination", "text": "JAIPUR: A Rajasthan University student, Rajesh Meena, has lodged an FIR with the Kanota police station alleging that two youths kidnapped him and kept him hostage for a day and filed his nomination for the president's post in the student union elections against his wish.Student leaders said it was done to create confusion among the voters as another Rajesh Meena is an ABVP contestant for the same post. However, police claimed that the \"fake\" candidate had himself deposited the nomination form, but later lodged the FIR due to pressure from students of his caste.As only a number is mentioned on the ballot paper for voting, not the party to which a candidate is affiliated, several voters are likely to confuse with the ABVP contestant Rajesh Meena, the student leaders claimed. While the \"dummy\" candidate has number 7 on the ballot paper, the ABVP candidate was allotted number 6.According to the police, Rajesh Meena, a resident of Paldi Meena in Kanota lodged the FIR against two youths identified as Raghu Sharma and Mahendra Singh saying they kidnapped him and forced him to file his nomination papers.\"Meena says that the duo kidnapped him from his house on August 13, the final day of filing nomination papers. He says that they fraudulently filed the nomination form and forced him to sign it,\" ACP Bassi Lalit Kishore Sharma said.The officer said as per the FIR, Meena claimed that he was forced to submit the nomination form on August 14 and then Raghu Sharma and Mahendra Singh took him to Mansarovar area where they kept him hostage in a room throughout the night.\"He says that he was released on August 14 and when he went to the university to take back his nomination form, he came to know that the last date for withdrawing nomination had passed,\" the officer said.However, ASI Dashrath Kumar, who is investigating the case, said Meena's story has several loopholes. \"We have launched an investigation into these allegations,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15540356", "title": "CPM to act tough against 'friends' of TP", "text": "KOZHIKODE: After much vacillation, the CPM has finally decided to act tough on the rebels in the party who have associated with the T P Chandrasekharan Anusmarana Committee. A number of party workers, including Balussery area committee member and Chandrasekharan's father-in-law K K Madhavan, have been vocal in criticizing the party after the murder. Madhavan has openly stated that CPM leadership was involved in the murder of Chandrasekharan. He is also a prosecution witness in the charge sheet submitted by the police.Former SFI leader and Edacheri local committee member K S Bimal, former town local committee secretary K P Chandran, Karuvassery local committee member Sadique and Kuruvattoor local committee member Muhammad Salim are facing expulsion from the party.They were at the forefront in organizing the first T P memorial meeting in Kozhikode, flouting the CPM's warnings. The party, however, stated in the open that it was not against the memorial meeting. Similar meetings were held at various parts of the district in which many party workers and sympathizers took part. This group also launched a fund collection drive to pay the debt incurred by Chandrasekharan for the construction of his house.It remains to be seen how the party is going to face the consequences of the action against the CPM workers, who had close relationship with Chandrasekharan. Many of these workers have distanced themselves from the activities of the party for some time now. What worries the party is the possibility of more people joining them in the event of party taking action against them.K K Madhavan was the area committee secretary of the party in Balussery and is respected by many for his dedicated and selfless style of working. Though he had dissociated with the activities of the T P Anusmarana Committee initially, he came out in the open after CPM leaders were arrested in the case. K S Bimal is a good organizer and commands support in the Edachaeri and Nadapuram areas.The party, however, has not officially announced the action against these persons. CPM district secretary T P Ramakrishnan refused to confirm or deny the reports on the move to expel the rebels. \"The party's organizational matters will be communicated to the media at an appropriate time,\" he told reporters at a news conference here on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15539493", "title": "Noida Extension buyers send notice to banks", "text": "NOIDA: Homebuyers of various residential projects of Noida Extension have begun a legal battle against banks and financial institutions which had extended loans to them for buying housing units in real estate projects of the region. A group of homebuyers has served legal notices upon at least four banks demanding of them to waive off interest charged on EMIs from them during the period that construction activity has been in limbo. They have notified banks that failure of any satisfactory reply from them within the next seven days would force them to initiate legal proceedings in courts.A group over 25 homebuyers have served notices on four major banks \u2014 HDFC, IDBI, Axis Bank and LIC Housing Finance \u2014 and sent copies of these to the builders and Greater Noida Authority. Buyers have demanded interest waivers for the period in which construction activities have been stalled in the region due to the land row, even as they have been assured by the Greater Noida Authority that construction can resume any time soon following the final clearance of Master Plan 2021 from the NCR Planning Board.Homebuyers have demanded that banks lessen financial burden suffered by them on account of the land row by owning up to their responsibilities vide the tripartite builder-buyer-bank agreements. Banks and financial institutions had stopped disbursal of loan instalments last year when housing projects in Noida Extension were marred in legal battles over land acquisition. \"In spite of the deadlock, banks have continued to recover payments in the form of pre-EMIs thereby creating undue financial pressure on buyers. They have been conducting their business in a rather arbitrary manner which is in complete derogation of public interest,\" said Chetan Tyagi, a homebuyer.Several clients had made representations to their respective banks last year to adopt a lenient approach in recovering EMIs because the circumstances were beyond their control.The investors argue that the onus was upon banks to check if the legal title of the land was free from all litigations and whether the land was free from all encumbrances before approving loans. \"It was the responsibility of banks to check past history of land records before extending loans. Given the situation as of now, banks cannot shun all responsibility and push the financial burden onto us,\" said Binu Nair, another homebuyer.Banks have been threatened of further action if they fail to take a reasonable decision within the next seven days on waiving off interests on housing loans.\"If banks fail to declare this a 'zero-interest period' within the next one week, we would present the matter to the Reserve Bank of India for its consideration. Homebuyers might also be constrained to take their grievances to an appropriate forum of law for redressal,\" said counsel for homebuyers', AN Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15540592", "title": "Proper river management minimizes chances of flood, says expert", "text": "VARANASI: \"Flood is not a natural calamity but it occurs due to ignorance and negligence,\" claims noted river scientist UK Choudhary, former head of the department of civil engineering, Institute of Technology (now Indian Institute of Technology ), BHU and founder of Ganga Research Centre.Floods are a serious problem in many parts of the country, including the districts of eastern UP. Choudhary, who has also authored a book title 'The living similarity between the Ganga and the human body', believes that the problem of flood can be addressed successfully through proper flood plain demarcation and management of rivers.Choudhary says that if the digestive potential of a human being is strong, whatever he eats gets digested. But, if a person suffering from weak digestion takes more food he will vomit. Similarly, when Ganga is on the mountain , its basin area is small with more rainfall but the sharp gradient of the land disposes off the fast accumulating run-off. The basin area of the same river continuously increases when it reaches the plain, where the slope decreases. Therefore, the problem of flood increases as the distance in downstream increases. The dam constructed on the mountain, is not the solution of the flood. As the numbers of dams are increasing, proportionately the flood-prone areas are also increasing.He explains that if the extra food is stored and properly managed and it is consumed at slow rate, the problem of vomiting will not arise. In the same way, the rainwater can be stored in the field with the help of bund and ponds. The surface slope/contours of the land and its soil characteristic define the dimension of the bund and location and characteristic of the pond. The water from the bunds and ponds is slowly disposed off in the river as ground and surface run-off. Thus, the problem of flood in the Ganga can be substantially reduced. This methodology will enhance the storage of groundwater. It will control the flow of chemicals and soil into the river. The pollutant load will be minimized. The riverbed will not rapidly rise and possibility of flood will come down. \"Therefore, one solution of flood is the bund of the land and ponds, not the big dams,\" he says, adding that the growth of stone in the stomach reduces the storage capacity and digestive potential. Similarly, in the case of the Ganga, the occurrence of sand-bed in the convex side flood-plain retards both the storage capacity and the speed of flood water. The level of water, therefore, rises and kinetic energy is dissipated. This increases the potential energy, which results into flood.The initiation of abnormality in the body system is well perceived before the actual problem comes into existence.Due to our ignorance and negligence, it is converted into serious problem. Similarly, the initiation of the changes in river morphology and anatomy indicates the forthcoming problems such a flood. \"This can be managed before the occurrence of the flood. The flood, therefore, is not a natural calamity,\" he says.Chaudhary said that the shape and size of human stomach is directly related to the shape and size of the body. Similarly, the flood plain of the Ganga is defined by shape and size of the river.As the river advances downstream its width increases and in proportion to it, the flood plain area also increases. Therefore, there exists relationship between the width of the river and its flood plain. On this basis, flood plain demarcation and management of rivers are required to control the flood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15539710", "title": "Onam celebrations: Southern Railway introduces special trains", "text": "CHENNAI: Southern Railway will operate special trains to these destinations to clear the extra rush of passengers for Onam. Reservation for these trains will begin on August 19.Train no. 06001 Chennai-Mangalore superfast special (via Coimbatore) will leave Chennai at 8.45pm on August 25, while train no. 06002 will leave Mangalore at 7.20pm on August 26.Train no. 06055 Chennai-Ernakulam superfast special (via Coimbatore) will leave Chennai at 9.30pm on August 24, while T.No. 06056 Ernakulam-Chennai superfast special will leave Ernakulam at 3.05pm on August 25.Chennai-Shoranur superfast special T.No. 06063 will leave Chennai at 10.30pm on August 26 and 30. T.No. 06064 Shoranur - Chennai superfast special will leave Shoranur at 5.05pm on August 27 and 31.Chennai-Ernakulam superfast T.No. 06057 will leave Chennai at 6.15pm on September 1. T.No. 06058 Ernakulam-Chennai superfast special will leave Ernakulam at 3.30pm on September 2.Chennai-Kollam specials T.No. 06005 will leave Chennai at 11.30pm on August 26 and September 2. T.No. 06006 Kollam - Chennai Central special will leave Kollam at 7.30pm on August 27 &amp; September 3. Chennai Central - Kochuveli superfast specials T.No. 06081 will leave Chennai at 8.45pm on August 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15539040", "title": "Assam Higher Secondary Education Council prepares routine for 2013", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assam Higher Secondary Education Council (AHSEC) has prepared the routine for next year's Higher Secondary (HS) final examination a week after declaring the dates for the exam. The HS exam would start from February 18, 2013 for the new course and January 2 for the old course. The first exam for both old and new course would be English; however, the routine is subject to change.UC Das, secretary, AHSEC said, \"The routine has been prepared and the first exam is likely to be English for both the courses. However, the routine has not been uploaded on the website as yet and we haven't received the holiday list yet. Though we can say that the schedule is almost final, there might be changes if required.\"He also said, \"Right now we are conducting meetings and also deciding on the centres, evaluation zones and other small details so that the exams can be conducted smoothly.\"The council introduced NCERT books for higher secondary students last session and the response had been very encouraging. This year, the council introduced Environmental Studies (EVS) in HS first year.This year, a lot of reforms were announced for the Seba board and the HSLC (matric) exam. The result for the HSLC exam is likely to be declared online and the result booklet would not be published, but the AHSEC hasn't yet confirmed anything yet.\"It is too early to say anything as far as the results are concerned. They might be declared like last year, both on the website and in a booklet. After Monday, we will have another meeting only after which we can say anything concrete,\" Das said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15540459", "title": "No alteration allowed in Moti Shahi palace structure", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Moti Shahi palace and its compound may have been sold to Sardar Vallbahbhai Patel Memorial Society (SVPMS) in 1979, but there were several pre-conditions that effectively stalled any alteration in the historic structure.One of the main conditions set by the state government during the sale was that the SVPMS will be required to approach the state archaeology department before altering, executing repairs or even adding a new brick to Moti Shahi palace. This condition was out rightly violated by the SVPMS. This fact was not known as the notification affecting the sale of palace was buried deep in files.TOI is in possession of the notification passed by the roads and buildings department on August 18, 1979 which clearly states that the property was sold to the society for Rs 57.23 lakh. One of the preconditions set in the notification clearly mentions the fact that, \"because Moti Shahi Palace is of archeological and historic importance, the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Memorial Society would be required to approach the state archaeology department before making any minor or major changes to the building and/or adding new structure to the existing building.\"The notification insisted that the responsibility of preservation, conservation and repair works would be solely of the SVPMS. It also stated that if in future the SVPMS decides to wind up its activity, the state government would take possession of the palace. The society was not allowed to demolish the structure or sell the property to any individual, according to the notification.\"The roads and buildings department, which owned the palace before the SVPMS, understood the historical and archaeological importance of the structure. The department made it very clear to the society that they would not be allowed to alter or demolish any part of the palace which may hamper the \"authenticity\" of the monument. The palace was to be used purely for the purpose of a memorial to Sardar Patel,\" said a senior revenue department official in Gandhinagar.Moti Shahi palace, according to the notification, seized to be the Rajbhavan or Governor's house on August 14, 1978. The palace was endowed to the SVPMS on the occasion of the birth centenary of Sardar Patel and remained under the jurisdiction of the roads and buildings department between 1961 and 1979.It is worth mentioning that Moti Shahi palace was de-listed by the Archaeology Survey of India on April 11, 1961, along with nine other buildings in Gujarat and 28 in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15540112", "title": "Heli-taxi service to Sabarimala from today", "text": "KOCHI: A helicopter service to transport pilgrims to Sabarimala hill shrine will start operating from Cochin airport on Saturday. Introduced by the Delhi-based Chipsan Aviation, the service will fly five pilgrims from Karnataka on its maiden flight.Sunil Narayanan, director of Chipsan Aviation, told TOI here that the helicopter would land at the company's private helipad at Perunad on the foothill of Sabarimala, about 43km from the temple. The pilgrims will then be taken by car to Pampa where they will be able to perform Kettunira rituals. From Pampa they will have to either trek or take the 'dolly service' (palanquin) to reach the temple.\"There are constraints in getting clearance from the forest department for landing in areas close to the temple which is surrounded by environmentally sensitive forests. That is why we opted for a landing location so far away from the temple,\" Sunil said.He said the company would charge each pilgrim about Rs 30,000, and would take care of all their expenses from Cochin airport to Sabarimala and back. However, they will have to pay for the dolly service. The helicopter service will be available whenever the temple is open. Chipsan Aviation is also planning to launch heli-taxi services to pilgrim centres like Guruvayur, as well as other tourist destinations in the state.\"We are ready to operate helicopters to any location if there is demand and if the area has an open field where a helicopter can land.\"The company has taken a Eurocopter AS350 B3 helicopter on lease for the service. Eurocopter is primarily a charter company that provides services of business jets, helicopters and air ambulance with medical team.It claims it can provide more than 32 different types of airplanes and helicopters.Bharat Airways, a Bangalore-based aviation company, launched a heli-taxi service in Kerala, connecting Cochin airport and Sabarimala about two years back. However, the service did not take off as the company could not get clearance for helicopter landing at Nilakkal. \"There is scope for heli-taxi services to Sabarimala and Guruvayur. But we must get sanction to land on locations near those temples,\" said Colonel Sasikumar, CEO of Bharat Airways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15544351", "title": "Noted lyricist Gulzar turns 76", "text": "Most people know him by his pen name but very know that the noted lyricist of the Indian film Industry, Gulzar, was born as Sampooran Singh Kalra.Gulzar's contribution to poetry, films and music cannot be fathomed without mentioning his accolades that include the Padma Bhushan, the Sahitya Akademi Award, a Grammy (for Jai Ho) and several Filmfare and National Awards. He's a noted poet who writes in both Hindi and Urdu and a director whose films have been critically acclaimed including Aandhi, Mere Apne, Maachis and Hu Tu Tu to name a few. But his accomplishments do not stop here. Gulzar has also directed the popular TV series Mirza Ghalib that had Naseeruddin Shah play Mirza GhalibGulzar's collaboration with Vishal Bharadwaj and A R Rehman has gone on to create magic!On His birthday today, we take a look at Gulzar's top ten hit songs penned by him that continue to enthrall listeners.Tere Bina Zindageese Koi - This poignant song from the film Aandhi was picturised on Suchitra Sen and Sanjeev Kumar that still moves the hearts of listeners and the poignant lyrics make it an evergreen song!Tujhse Naaraz Nahin Zindagi - This song was beautifully picturised in the movie Masoom that starred Naseeruddin Shah and Shabana Azmi . Through the lyrics, Gulzar conveyed the pain and betrayal of a wife feels, making it an all time favourite that is hummed by the older generation and youngsters alike!Musafir Hoon Yaro - Penned by Gulzar, this song from the film Parichay is till date considered as one of Jeetendra's greatest songs.Tere Bina -AR Rehman's music and Gulzar's lyrics wove some great tunes, making Guru a hit film, notably for its music too! Especially the song Tere Bina which was picturised on Bollywood's hottest celebrity couple, Abhishek and Aishwarya Bachchan .Chaiyya Chaiyya- Gulzar once again teamed up with AR Rehman for the film Dil Se and his song Chaiyya Chaiyya went on to become a craze, with Shahrukh Khan and Malaika Arora Khan dancing on a train top. Beautifully written in Urdu, Chaiyya Chaiyya is one of Shahrukh's most memorable songs!Jai Ho - Composed by AR Rehman and written by Gulzar, this song broke all records in the truest sense! Jai Ho won a Grammy Award for Best Song Written for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media. It also won an Academy Award for Best Original Song and acclaimed international band The Pussycat Dolls did an English rendition of the song that became a huge hit abroad!Tum Pukar Lo - Sung by the legendary singer Hemant Kumar in the Lyrics of Gulzar, Tum Pukar Lo is a heart wrenching song that has the same freshness as it did when it was first released. This song conveys the pain and feelings of a lover pinning for his love!Dhan Te Nan - Gulzar's Dhan Te Nan rode the popularity charts when it was first released and was continuously dished out in nightclubs. The song was re-mixed and became an instant hit with the youth!Dil Hoom Hoom Kare - Gulzar wrote this song for the film Rudaali and it continues to move listeners with its honest and intense lyrics that convey the pain of Dimple Kapadia in the film.Beedi - This item number from the film Omkara is still played at weddings and parties and is largely popular because of its lyrics, \" Beedi jalai lay, Jigar se piya, Jigar maa badi aag hai \". This song also became a hit with the common masses and was played in most form of public transport.For a man whose contribution to Indian cinema is immense, here's wishing him a very Happy Birthday and years of success!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15538511", "title": "15-day drive to check safety of school vehicles", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh Police will launch a 15-day drive from August 23 to check and ensure that the buses and vehicles used for transportation of school children are safe.The UP Human Rights Commission (UPHRC), while taking suo motu cognizance of a news report published in The Times of India on August 13 under the headline \"Unfit school vans put life of your tiny tots in danger\" issued notices to principal secretary (transport), transport commissioner, DGP, district magistrate, superintendent of police (traffic) and regional transport officer, Lucknow. UPHRC member Justice Vishnu Sahai directed these officials to launch a campaign on a war footing to ensure that by September 4, 2012, the vehicles ferrying schoolchildren comply with all the legal requirements.On Friday, director general of police (DGP) AC Sharma issued instructions to all the district police chiefs in the state and senior officers associated with traffic along with inspector general and deputy inspector general of various zones to carry out the awareness cum checking drives in association with the transport department. The order also directs officials to carry out an awareness campaign on safe driving by holding seminars and discussions at the school level. Schools, parents and students should also be made aware of the safety norms. If required, officials should also take help of media.The DGP order also mentioned the safety norms set by the Supreme Court for school buses. The vehicles should be physically fit and the drivers should have minimum experience of five years and no previous record of traffic norm violation. A qualified person should be appointed to assist the driver. If the bus is used exclusively for ferrying school children, \"school bus\" should be inscribed in the front and rear of the vehicle. If hired, \"on school duty\" should be prominently written on the vehicle.Further, the order states, besides fire extinguishers and first aid kit, the bus should be not be overloaded and have adequate sitting arrangement for the children and enough space to keep their bags and belongings. The window panes should be fitted with horizontal grills and have an emergency exit. At least one school teacher should be present in the bus. The name and telephone number of the school should be inscribed on the bus. The colour of the school bus should be golden yellow with brown/blue lining.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15542444", "title": "Clamp down on mobocracy", "text": "The regularity with which cops are getting mobbed and assaulted indicates a general collapse of order. It points to a disregard for rule of law and contempt for the law enforcer. These do not bode well for Mumbai or the law-abiding Mumbaikar. Police should take stern action in such cases and the punishment that follows should be deterrent in nature. The rule of law needs to be implemented without fear (of mob violence) or favour (letting law breakers go after money changes hands).Related story : Men in khaki seethe over assault on traffic cops", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15539555", "title": "Boy death: Cops arrest school dean, seal pool", "text": "CHENNAI: A day after 10-year-old M Ranjan drowned in the swimming pool in Padma Seshadri Bala Bhavan (PSBB) School, KK Nagar, police on Thursday arrested the dean of the school and charged her with negligence leading to the boy's death.Investigating officers charged Sheela Rajendran under Section 304 (a) of the IPC (causing death by negligence).Police had on Thursday arrested five people, swimming coaches B Rajasekar, 36, Arunkumar, 30, and P Ravi, 20, physical education trainer R Ravichandran, 40, and M Ranga Reddy, 54, a contractor who was in charge of the swimming pool. They were also booked under Section 304 (a) of the IPC and let off on bail after being produced before a magistrate on Thursday. Police sealed the school swimming pool on Friday as they probed the drowning of the Class 4 student. An investigating officer said the pool would remain closed until police complete the probe.\"We sealed the pool as an investigation is in progress,\" south Chennai joint commissioner of police K P Shanmugarajeswaran told TOI. Ranjan drowned in the swimming pool while attending a swimming class on Thursday morning.Ranjan was taking swimming lessons on Thursday when other students noticed that he was struggling in the water. He was rushed to a private hospital, but doctors said he had lost all vital signs by the time they examined him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15539258", "title": "Representatives of northeast people allay fears, ask them to stay back", "text": "GURGAON: Representatives of the people belonging to the northeastern states living in the city are trying to allay the community's fears, especially in places like Sikanderpur. According to them, the rumours about impending attacks on northeast people are being made by a group called Bhagat Singh Kranti Sena.\"All these days we knew that there is an invisible communal force that is spreading these rumours but we did not know who it could be. Finally, on Friday, we were able to identify that this is the Bhagat Singh Kranti Sena \u2014 the same group that attacked Prashant Bhushan in his chamber last year. This group simply wants to spread hatred between northeast people and Muslims. Their idea behind spreading such rumours and forcing people to go back to northeast is that they in turn will attack Muslims in states like Assam, leading to violence again in that state,\" said Madhu Chandra, NCR spokesperson of Northeast Support Centre and Helpline.Adding, \"After we identified the culprit, we intimated all the students and people living in and around Delhi, in places like Gurgaon not to fear. Thankfully nobody has gone back in a state of panic and we have asked them to stay put where they are. There is no reason to panic for people in the city as the areas they live in are not dominated by Muslims. The government should take strict action against the culprits.\"A large number of people from the northeast states live in Gurgaon and a majority of them work in BPOs and other MNCs. Meanwhile, the Akhil Bhartiya Vidharthi Parishad (ABVP), the student wing of the BJP said that they will speak to northeast students living in Gurgaon and others districts of Haryana and will create a helpline for them. They said that they will not allow anybody to create tension by spreading such rumours and requested people from northeast not to leave Haryana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15537707", "title": "'Dharmana's fate in high command's court'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Days after roads and buildings minister Dharmana Prasada Rao resigned, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy tried to clear the air on the issue by saying that a decision would be taken only after getting an approval from the Congress high command.Sources said the CM was awaiting a direction from the party leadership as to what line could be taken on the resignation of the minister. Meanwhile, PCC president Botsa Satyanaryana reportedly submitted a report to the high command on the political situation in the state in the aftermath of the resignation of Dharmana.Sources said Botsa would be visiting Delhi in a day or two to brief the party leadership on the groundswell of support for Dharmana after he quit. Botsa called on governor ESL Narasimhan at the Raj Bhavan on Friday evening. Though he refused to reveal as to what transpired between them, he merely said it was a courtesy call.On the other hand, Dharmana also had a long meeting with Botsa at the latter's residence to explain his role on the GOs related to the allocation of land to the controversial Vanpic project.Meanwhile, solidarity continued to pour in for Dharmana. Ministers Kasu Venkata Krishna Reddy, Ganta Srinivas, Kondru Murali as well as Rajya Sabha member Chiranjeevi and former speaker K R Suresh Reddy met Dharmana at his minister's quarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15538476", "title": "Special Task Force nabs thief wanted by Gujarat police", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Special Task Force of Uttar Pradesh Police arrested a thief wanted by the Gujarat police from Hussainganj police circle of the city on Friday and recovered gold and silver ornaments studded with precious gems and jewels worth over Rs 2 crore, a dozen designer wrist watches and over Rs 75,000 in cash from him. The recovered valuables were reportedly stolen from the house of a top businessman in Ahmedabad, where the accused worked as a domestic help. The accused, Dinesh Kumar, is a native of Amethi.Reports said one Rajeev Bhai Chajjar, a prominent businessman lodged an FIR with the local Naurangpura police station of Ahmedabad district in Gujarat stating that jewellery worth an estimated Rs 2.5 crore along with costly wrist watches and Rs 1 lakh in cash was stolen from his house during the intervening night of August 13 and August 14, 2012. Rajeev also informed the police that Dinesh, a native of Amethi who was working at his house as a domestic help for the past three years has been missing ever since the theft came to light.The Gujarat police launched a massive manhunt for Dinesh and informed the UPP following which the additional director general (ADG) STF Jag Mohan Yadav deputed a team to gather criminal intelligence related to Dinesh from his native village of Magan Pansi ka Purwa village under Jamo police station in Amethi. The STF was collecting details about Dinesh when they were informed by the Gujarat police about the possible movement of Dinesh in and around Lucknow.Thereafter the STF picked up a specific clue about the movement of Dinesh in Lucknow and manage to trace the number of the cell phone that Dinesh was using. During the course of the exercise the STF came to know that Dinesh was supposed to meet someone near the KKC petrol pump tri-section early on Friday morning to hand over some valuables to the latter. Thereafter the STF zeroed-in on Dinesh and arrested him from near the gas station while he was waiting for his client.Following sustained interrogation, Dinesh led to the recovery of as many as 82 jewellery items, most of them studded with gems and precious stones estimated to be worth over Rs 2 crore. The STF also recovered a dozen designer watches worth several lakhs of rupees apart from Rs 78,500 in cash. During interrogation, Dinesh reportedly confessed to his crime and admitted to have committed it all by himself. He was supposed to meet a contact who had promised to purchase the jewellery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15540761", "title": "Facebook lets the world know baby\u2019s on the way", "text": "London: In the family way? Let the world know! Now let everybody know through Facebook that you are expecting a baby as a new feature on the website lets parents share the good news with friends.The feature, which is available to all users who have switched to Facebook's 'Timeline' profile, lets users share their unborn child's name, expected birth date and gender. Facebook added the new feature on Thursday, the Daily Mail reported.Users can also choose who they want to share the information with, rather than telling all their friends. \"Life Events are easy and expressive ways to mark significant moments in your life such as getting married, buying a house or travelling to new places,\" Facebook said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15538756", "title": "Rights panel moved on baby's death", "text": "THANE: A Dombivli resident has moved the National Human Rights Commission following a TOI report, highlighting the appalling behaviour of authorities at the Jalandhar civic hospital, leading to the death of a new-born early this month.Advocate Vijay Trimbak Gokhale filed an e-petition before the NHRC on July 26, requesting it to take suo motu cognizance of the case as the hospital authorities' behaviour caused the death of a new-born.Gokhale attached a copy of the report on a below poverty line family from Punjab which had to suffer the death of their premature baby as they could not afford to pay incubator charges.NHRC told Gokhale his complaint is under consideration.I am extremely pleased the NHRC has taken cognizance of my e-complaint. It has given a new reassurance and my confidence in the system is unshaken. If sitting in Dombvili I can write to a government agency and that they have responded positively to my complaint shows that all is not as bad as it is being painted,'' Gokhale said.He said if the NHRC takes up the matter it would be a major victory for citizen activists like him. The NHRC's acknowledgement shows will embolden the common man whose faith in the system will be restored. He will think that even his voice can be heard and he can move the system,'' Gokhale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15538962", "title": "Workshop on domestic violence held in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: A regional workshop will be organized by the State Women's Commission on Domestic Violence Act 2005 and a 'women's protection cell' will soon be inaugurated by chief minister Arjun Munda .The workshop will be held at hotel BNR Chanakya on Saturday in collaboration with UNICEF and National Women's Commission. The other members associated with the workshop are like-minded NGOs, child development project officers and police.This information was shared by Hemlata S Mohan, chairperson of state women's commission in a press conference on Friday. \"The workshop will be a holistic discussion on the Act, its provisions and sections. There are rising number of cases of domestic violence in the state. Hence awareness is need of the hour and is the only solution to all the problems. Chairperson of Madhya Pradesh women's commission, Upma Rai will also be present at the workshop to share her experiences.\"She also said, \"As many as 41% of the total number of cases registered with the Commission is in the domain of domestic violence. It was shocking to know that the highest number of cases was lodged in the state capital. In comparison to the rural areas, a rise in domestic violence was noticed in the urban areas.\"Talking about the women's protection cell, Mohan said, \"It will be a database centre where information related to cases of atrocities against women from all the districts in the state will be recorded. Once when we will have the information it will be easy for us to reach out to many women in t remote areas. And in this initiative the police department will be with us helping us in handling the cases.\"Further delving on work related to trafficking and witch hunting cases in the state she informed that the commission will work with the Panchayati Raj Institution, UN women and create an awareness drive in all districts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15539585", "title": "Mob fury at RG Kar after 15-yr-old dies", "text": "KOLKATA: A mob went berserk at RG Kar Hospital on Friday after a 15-year-old boy died on the operating table soon after being administered anaesthesia. A police lathicharge made things worse. The victim's relatives and neighbours retaliated by attacking policemen and smashing computers, equipment and windows.Policemen were stretchered out, covered in blood. Emergency services at the hospital were disrupted for about half an hour.The patient, Shantu Roy, was admitted to the hospital with a toe injury on Thursday morning. Roy, who had received the injury while playing a football match on the Independence Day, went home after the match. His family members observed swelling on the toe the next morning and got him admitted to RG Kar Hospital (RGKMCH).After examining the boy at the emergency, doctors asked his family members to get an X-Ray done on the injured part. As the reports showed multiple fracture on the metatarsal bone, the doctors decided to go for a surgery. A little before the midnight, senior anaesthetic Dr H S Mondal administered spinal anaesthesia to Shantu. \"Within minutes, the anaesthesia induced shock and convulsion. When the boy went into severe respiratory distress, doctors shifted him to the intensive therapy unit (ITU). Though, doctors tried to resuscitate Shantu the whole night, they could not revive the boy. He was declared dead on Friday morning,\" hospital sources said.Trouble started soon after the news of the boy's death reached the Pramod Nagar locality, barely six kilometres from the hospital. Relatives and neighbours of the patient rushed to the hospital and tried to force their way in to the emergency ward. \"They clashed with the security personnel and other hospital staffers, who had tried to prevent them. By then a mob of about 200 had gathered. Hell broke lose when the agitated relatives started attacking whoever came in their way,\" said sources.A large police force was sent to bring the situation under control. But the aggrieved relatives, in no mood to relent, even started attacking the policemen. Later, the men in uniform resorted to lathicharge and in the process some hospital staffers, including nurses , and three policemen were injured. The agitators also destroyed some computers, smashed windowpanes and sign boards. Eighteen persons were arrested later.\"How can we tolerate the death of a young boy, who was healthy and fit except for the toe injury. When Shantu was brought to the hospital, he had even walked to the emergency wing after getting off from the bus. People do not die of minor injury. It has happened because of the doctors' negligence,\" alleged Mintu Banick, a relative.The hospital authorities, however, have claimed that there was no question of any negligence on their part. RGKMCH principal Parthajit Banerjee gave a clean chit to Dr Mondal, who had administered the anaesthesia.\"The boy had developed shock, convulsion and then respiratory distress after he was administered the anaesthesia. Such kind of reaction to spinal anaesthesia happens only once in 1000 cases. It is very unfortunate that such a thing had happened to a young boy. There is no question of any wrong dosage or any other negligence on the part of the anaesthetic. He is a senior and experienced doctor,\" said Banerjee.Orthopaedic surgeons said that not all cases of metatarsal bone fracture need surgery. Many cases can be managed by immobilization (plaster). Shantu had sustained multiple fracture.\"Only in cases where there is multiple fracture, the bone displacement is severe and the deformity is significant we advise surgery. Otherwise, most cases can be managed by immobilization,\" said Dr Surya Udai Singh, orthopaedic surgeon associated with Rabindanath Tagore International Institute of Cardiac Sciences.According to anaesthetics, spinal anaesthesia is safe and such cases of death are very rare. But the dosage of the drug is very important depending on certain parameters like location/nature of surgery, age and height of the patient. Such drug might cause sudden drop in the blood pressure in some patients. In other cases, the drug travels upwards blocking the nerves and going up to the brain stem that causes convulsion.\"Spinal anaesthesia is overall very safe. But if proper care has to be taken, the drug should not migrate upwards. If it travels till the brain stem it will cause convulsion, shock and death. But such cases are very rare,\" said Dr Niladri Bhattarcharyya, an anaesthetic with West Bank Hospital.at RG Kar Medical College &amp; Hospital (RGKMCH) after he was administered anaesthesia before surgery for multiple fracture of the toe (metatarsal bones). The death of the boy on Friday morning sparked tension in the hospital. Alleging negligence, relatives of the boy ransacked the hospital, clashed with ground D employees and also retaliated when police resorted to mild lathi-charge.had got toe injury on his right foot on August 15 during a football match in his locality Pramod Nagar in Dum Dum Cantonment area. The match was organised by Nabajagaran Sangha as part of Independence Day celebration. Shantu went back home after sustaining the injury. The family brought the boy to RGKMCH on Thursday morning after they noticed swelling on his leg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new jalpaiguri/howrah", "code": "15539904", "title": "Healing touch for fleeing north east natives", "text": "New Jalpaiguri/HOWRAH: Some 6,000 panic-stricken northeast natives passed through Howrah station on Friday, but there was no one waiting to show solidarity here, unlike the placard-bearing RSS workers and Muslims in Bangalore, where the trains originated.But when the two trains reached New Jalpaiguri at night, there were volunteers to hand out water and food to the fleeing migrants.In a heartbreaking case of mass panic, thousands gave up whatever they had in Bangalore and packed into two trains on Independence Day to rush for home. Men slept on the floors, allowing the women and children to use the berths. Some spent the last 48 hours crushed against the walls near the toilets. The fear was so intense that very few dared get down at the stations for water or food until they reached Howrah and NJP.\"The train left without any food or water,\" said Rajiv Pegu of Assam's Dhemaji district.Such an exodus has probably never been seen since Partition.At Howrah station, they were reluctant to speak about their fears but at NJP, they opened up a bit more, possibly emboldened by the fact that they are that much closer home.Tapan Bhattarai of Udalguri, Assam , said that the panic first struck on the night of August 13 when they saw a vehicle carrying a corpse. Then, rumours of attacks being planned against northeast natives terrified them.\"My family and friends asked me to return to Guwahati immediately. I shall not go back to Bangalore till the situation improves even if it means giving up the course,\" said Raj Payeng, a 20-year-old Guwahati resident who has left his hardware engineering course midway. He was accompanied by classmate Jyoti , also a resident of Guwahati. Another student, Suraj, said he was not sure when he could go back and resume his studies in Bangalore.Many of them quit their jobs in the rumour-fuelled panic. \"I have been working with a security agency in Bangalore since 2009 and lived in Electronic City. There was no problem till now. Suddenly, things got really bad and I started fearing for my life,\" said 22-year-old Udit Nath, a resident of Barpeta.Dhuruba Deka, 40, another resident of Electronic City, was leaving with his family. \"I have lived in Bangalore since 2001, but now it is better to leave the city. There are a lot of rumours going around. I can't take a risk with my family,\" said Deka, a Malegaon native.\"We assembled at Bangalore station on Wednesday and are waiting anxiously for the train to enter Assam,\" said Mitinga Brahma of Kokrajhar as Rangila Najoria of Jorhat nodded. They work in production units in Bangalore.The Railway Board has directed that the trains should not be detained anywhere, said an official.There was tight security at NJP to prevent any untoward incident. Security has been beefed up along the railway tracks in North Bengal and Assam, say sources. The rail connection to the northeast was cut off for some time after the clashes.\"Our duty is to ensure that the people reach their destinations without any harassment. The state governments must take steps to control the situation. We don't want services to be disrupted again,\" a Northeast Frontier Railway official said.Taser Ali Heckpal of Karnataka, used to work as security guard, \"There was some rumour that they would be attacked. Thus we left the place,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15544144", "title": "Bank employee to bear expenses of education till X, girl rescued from his home", "text": "INDORE: In a bid to ensure a better future for the girl who was rescued from the house of a bank employee, the officials chalked out a novel idea that the bank official will bear the expenses of the education of the girl till standard X. The girl was forced to work as child labourer at the residence of bank official.Official of the district administration told that the department has chalked out the strategy and the bank employee has also come forward to bear the expenses. The bank employee will bear the expenses of the education of the girl till standard X, so that proper rehabilitation of the girl could be ensured.According to officials, the bank employee agreed to pay Rs 5000 at once and Rs 500 every month for the child. The official said that the amount will be sent every three months through bank accounts and Child Line will be informed accordingly.Prior to this, the 11 year old girl was rescued on August 9 from the residence of bank employee Sanjay at Shanti Nagar. After being rescued, the girl informed officials that the family members were forcing her to do domestic work and also beating her occasionally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15543113", "title": "Akshara teams up with Khesari for Babuji", "text": "One of the leading actress of Bhojpuri film industry, Akshara Singh will be seen sharing screenspace with Khesari Lal Yadav in 'Babuji'. Film is produced by Sanjay.Apart from this Akshara is doing one more film with Khesari directed by Sushil Upadhyay. She will also be seen in 'Kaalia' with Haider Qazmi.Her film 'Bajrang' is already a hit at the boxoffice. Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15543773", "title": "Youngsters roll up sleeves for Eid cooking", "text": "Youngsters in Allahabad want to try their culinary skills this Eid, and they are getting on the Net for inspirationThis year's Eid celebrations are going to be special, at least in the sangam city, as the youth brigade is all set to make it's contribution in the kitchen. Surprised? Don't be! For, in an attempt to make this festival' different, a number of youngsters are planning to cook on Eid. And by the looks of it, they are working hard on this, including taking tips from the world wide web.Shabana Khan, a BCom 3rd year student at the University of Allahabad, has shortlisted a few dishes she plans to make including, mrouziya (honey spiced lamb), dry fruit porridge and malpua (sweet pancakes). She says, \"In this era of technology learning anything is very easy. I just googled unique Eid dishes and the list popped up. I shortlisted these three dishes and noted down the recipes,\" she says before giving out details further, \"I found two websites extremly helpful and I'm planning to make the best use of this knowledge on the day of Eid by making extremely delicious dishes. It would be my Eid gift for my parents,\" she adds.In addition to going online, Afreen Ahmed, a student of 1st year MCA at the Sam Higginbotom Institute of Agriculture, Technology and Sciences (SHIATS), took help from TV to inspire her culinary adventures. She says, \"To make this year's celebration even more special I decided to make three items - kheer, tandoori chicken and shikampuri kebabs. I used Youtube and other online videos extensively to learn them. Also, cookery shows on TV helped me a lot. Now I feel that if you follow the instructions exactly the way they ask you to, there is no margin for error.\" She adds, \"Besides, with the power of Youtube and other online video sites, one doesn't worry. Just play the video when you want to make a particular dish and you can get guidance immediately.\"Surprisingly, it's not just the girls who are game for cooking. Even the male brigade seems to have come forth to try their hands at the kitchen. Lawyer Imran Khan who has just begun his law practice, has decided to make labne (yogurt cheese), gulabi phirni and haleem (meat stew). He exults, \"I had never imagined cooking these things a few years ago, but today things have become so easy. There are websites and books you can take references from and that gives me confidence. Ammi toh hamesha bana ke khilati hain, is baar hum unhe bana ke khilaenge. Aur phir knowing the art of cooking always helps.\"However Mohammad Shakeel, who is doing his hotel management course from Delhi and is here on vacation to celebrate the festival with his family, has to different reason to cook.\"Jab ghar mein easily khana milta hai to uski importance ka pata nahi chalta, ab bahar reh rahe hain toh samajh aa raha hai. So, when I came for vacation this time, I decided to cook for my family, especially mom.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15540558", "title": "20 MBA districts to host Saina badminton", "text": "The Maharashtra Badminton Association (MBA) has decided to celebrate Saina Nehwal's bronze medal achievement at the London Olympics in a novel way. Proud of Saina's podium finish, twenty affiliated districts of MBA have responded to conduct the Saina Nehwal Badminton Tournament on two weekends (Aug 18-19 and 25-26).The event shall have only girl participants between 13 to 19 years of age.\"Besides showing great appreciation and respect for Saina, this will also help in attracting girls to take up the sport and motivate them to join this festive occasion of India's official entry into the elite list of top class badminton playing nations,\" says MBA president Pradeep Gandhe.All major districts have confirmed the meet including Mumbai, Thane, Pune, Nagpur, Latur, Nanded, Nasik, Kolhapur, Sangli, Osmanabad, Chandrapur and Wardha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15539553", "title": "Rights body initiates probe on 'Maoist' arrest", "text": "KOLKATA: The state Human Rights Commission has initiated a probe on the arrest of Binpur resident Siladitya Chowdhury. He was booked on August 10 for trespassing, criminal intimidation, assault and deterring cops from performing their duties.Chowdhury, who hails from a poor peasant family of Nayagram village in Binpur, was in the crowd present at CM Mamata Banerjee's meeting in Belpahari on August 8. During the meeting, Chowdhury suddenly tried to draw the chief minister's attention and told her about the increasing price of fertilizers. Mamata reacted angrily to this, branded him a \"Maoist\" and asked cops to arrest him. Soon, cops took him out of the venue and released him after preliminary inquiry.A day later, on the basis of a suo motu complaint lodged by Nirmal Majhi, inspector in charge of Belpahari police station, cops rounded him up and alleged that Chowdhury entered the high-security zone illegally. He was remanded in judicial custody for two weeks after production in court and later his bail plea was rejected.His arrest, however, sparked controversy as rights activists and other political parties, including CPM and BJP, terming the arrest as \"illegal\". A BJP team also visited his house. Following the visit, they lodged a complaint with the rights body.On Friday, the commission entrusted KP Rao, additional director general, to probe the matter and asked him to submit the probe report in three weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15539385", "title": "Banned dry latrines turn into serious health hazard", "text": "NOIDA: Even though manual scavenging and dry toilets were banned in the state almost 19 years ago, the reality is completely different and paints a much grimmer picture. Not only does manual scavenging persist in the state, but the problem is almost epidemic in western Uttar Pradesh. A report released by the Panchayati Raj department of UP lists 18 districts with a high concentration of dry latrines, and third on the list is Ghaziabad. Even Gautam Budh Nagar district is on the list.As per UP government's own admission in a government order issued on March 21, 2012, there are 5,530 human scavengers in 42 districts of the state. Meerut tops this list with 799 scavengers and the practice is especially prevalent in western Uttar Pradesh. In spite of the rapid development taking place in a city like Ghaziabad, the inhumane practice is thriving in the city's underbelly with 281 human scavengers as per the government.According to figures released by the Panchayati Raj deparment, there are 1,00,564 dry latrines in the state with the highest concentration in Budaun district with 55,601 dry latrines. But Ghaziabad, commonly touted as a centre for development and industry, has the third highest concentration in the state with 6,715 dry latrines. Gautam Budh Nagar has also been identified by the Panchayati Raj department as a vulnerable area with 413 dry latrines.Health officials explained that the prevalent scenario is especially problematic since blocks which have been identified with an increased concentration of dry latrines are especially vulnerable to widespread outbreak of diseases. \"Health and sanitation are intrinsically linked. Blocks where there is a high concentration of dry toilets are particularly susceptible to an outbreak of polio,\" explained a senior health officer.Dry latrines are toilets which use little or no water in the flushing of the toilet and are essentially a pit where the excreta collect. Such toilets need to be emptied on a daily basis and human scavengers manually collect the human excreta and dispose of it in parts of the state where the sewage system is still under developed.After the installation of the new government in the state, the district administration in Gautam Budh Nagar has listed sanitation and health as one of their top priorities. Almost immediately after his appointment, the Noida CEO, Sanjeev Saran, gave his officials a deadline and said that the sanitation problem must be solved immediately.The central government had planned the eradication of manual scavenging by 2007. Dry latrines currently exist in four states: Bihar, J&K;, UP and Uttarakhand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15539319", "title": "Scared of police action,youth attempts suicide", "text": "Gondia: A youth from Katangi consumed pesticide and is battling for life after a dispute with a woman who felt she was laughed at on Monday.Suresh Gawarane and his three friends were chatting at the village square on Monday evening. As they were laughing over some matter, Anjana Thakare was passing through the area. According to information given by Sewakram Gawarane, the woman thought that the youths were laughing at her and started abusing them. She beat up Suresh with chappals. The youth tried to convince her that they were not laughing at her, but she did not accept it.Sewakram said Anjana then came with her husband and they abused the youths, Suresh in particular. An upset Suresh lodged a complaint with Jaglal Dihare, president of Tanta Mukti Samiti. A meeting was convened on Tuesday to sort out the issue, but Anjana did not turn up. She lodged a complaint against Suresh with Goregaon police who registered an offence against him. Dihare said women present at the spot where the dispute took place told him that Suresh did not pass any remark against Anjana.After the complaint, police constable Warkhade came to Katangi on Tuesday and publicly abused Suresh and beat him up mercilessly. On Wednesday, Suresh left the house saying that he was going for Independence Day celebrations. But he went to his field and consumed pesticide.When he was not seen around, his family members went to their field where Suresh was lying in an unconscious state. He was immediately admitted to the ICU of KTS Hospital. His condition was critical when this report was filed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15538223", "title": "Colleges, schools set for a revamp", "text": "BANGALORE: The recommendations of the R Govinda Committee, which has suggested scrapping pre-university education by integrating the same with classes IX and X, are most likely to be implemented as the panel was set up to implement the agenda set by the Right to Education Act.The RTE Act that came into force in 2009 mandates compulsory education till Class 8. But the state's current schooling system is a 4+3+3 year system.A four-year primary schooling is followed by three-year higher primary schooling, culminating with three years of secondary education.The committee's recommendation to scrap pre-university education by merging the same with secondary schools calls for a revamp of the entire education system in the system.There are 1,846 unaided PU colleges in the state. Of this, 731 are composite PU colleges run by degree college managements in their premises. About 951 colleges are independent entities, while 164 are bifurcated PU colleges separated from degree colleges.PU colleges without high schools may be allowed to start standards IX and X to form a higher secondary school.Separate infrastructure (including building) for higher secondary school should be formed on the campuses where degree colleges co-exist with PU colleges.The committee has recommended the midday meal scheme and other incentive programmes be extended to Classes XI and XII. The class X examination can be made a school-level examination. All recommendations may be implemented in a phased manner.The committee has suggested separate training programmes for postgraduate teachers, while BEd may be made compulsory for all higher secondary school appointments. The principal will have to be from those teaching classes XI and XII, while the vice-principal will be selected from among class IX and X teachers.The committee has also made recommendations on completely replacing the 4+3+3 years of education. This is because the Right to Education Act that came into force in 2009 has mandated compulsory education till Class 8.In all, there are 22,570 higher primary schools in the state. Of these, 3,918 government higher primary schools cater to children studying up to class 8. About 18,573 government higher primary schools which have classes up to 7 need to be upgraded to include class 8 to make it a part of the elementary cycle. This calls for additional infrastructure and teachers.Optional trim beginsBringing class 8 under the jurisdiction of higher primary school requires 22,718 additional classrooms. The desirable state provision of infrastructure, one each for laboratory, library, computer-aided learning, staff room, girl's room, sports room and craft and arts room. Beyond the requirement of rooms for each class, two additional rooms may me provided as minimum requirement for head and staff of the school and multipurpose uses such as library/laboratory/computer class rooms.The approximate financial implication of constructing 22,718 additional rooms (that might be required) will be Rs1,238.13 crore at the cost of Rs.5.45 lakh per room.Public consultationThe R Govinda committee report has been posted on the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan website and the public can post their feedback.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15540630", "title": "Students' association assures protection of colleagues from northeast", "text": "VARANASI: Assuring protection to the northeastern students of Banaras Hindu University in view of widespread violence in Assam and rumours of violence in other states, members of Azad Hind Students' Association (AHINSA), BHU, chapter carried out a procession 'Assami Suraksha March' from Ravidas gate to Asi ghat.AHINSA spokesman Dhananjay Yadav said that rumours of violence from other states of the country started creeping in on Thursday. The association had assured northeastern colleagues of their safety. The student association has also started helpline numbers (9415592398, 8400152687) to help the northeastern colleagues if they face any threat. During the procession, the members made appeal to the northeastern people to avoid rumours and do not fear.Workshop: Faculty of Social Sciences, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) has organised a three-week international workshop on 'Contemporary Discourses in Social Theory' at new PG buildig starting on Thursday. Research scholars and teachers from several universities and colleges are participating in the workshop.Youth Parliament: Kendriya Vidyalaya (KV), 39 GTC, Varanasi conducted '25th Zonal Youth Parliament', a zonal level competition at school premises on Friday. As many as five teams from different KVs participated in the competition.Meeting: Dr Ambedkar Vidyarthi Parishad in association with Bahujan Vidyarthi Mahsabha held a 'Bahujan Vidyarthi Adhikar Baithak' at main gate of Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth (MGKV) to discuss the problems of the students. Students from BHU, Sampurnanand Sanskrit University (SSU), Harishchandra PG college, Udai Pratap PG College participated in the meeting.Bhadri Amavasya: To mark the occasion Bhadri Amavasya, Rani Sati Mandir organised several cultural and religious programmes including prabhat feri, special aarti and bhajan at Ramkatora area on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15539471", "title": "From power to defence, nano materials are big", "text": "NAGPUR: Scientists have long been working on nano-materials for varied purposes. A former professor from IIT Mumbai has developed a fuel cell that works on nano-material developed from plant origin (edible oils) and has given good results at lab scale. Impressed by the work, the ministry of new and renewable energy (MNRE) has assigned him to scale up the project and develop a 500MW plant based on the fuel cell.Professor emeritus Maheshwar Sharon, now research director of N Shankaran Nair Research Centre for Nanotechnology and Biotechnology, told TOI that the MNRE support was crucial for his research. He was in city on Friday for the installation ceremony of the Chemical Society of Institute of Science. He also spoke on nano-materials on the occasion.Sharon is also working on a project to develop a nano material based paint that would make aircraft invisible to radars. \"Some developed countries have this technology but they would not share it with us, so we are developing our own,\" he said.His wife Madhuri is also involved in some trendsetting research. She has developed a kit based on a gold based nano-chip that can be used by soldiers to test potability of water anywhere. She is working on a project on cultured cell that has already shown good results at lab scale. \"Cancer cells can be selectively killed using a nano-material based system that raises their temperature to 45-50 degrees. We are yet to test this on animal models,\" she said. These are SPION or Super-magnetic Iron-Oxide Nano materials.After the installation programme, Rashmi Batra, associate professor and professor in-charge of society, presented the report of the society for 2011, the international year of Chemistry. In one of society's activities, 500 schoolchildren were invited to the Institute and shown experiments based on their textbooks. It was picked up by Royal Society of Chemistry's annual magazine.Gautam Wanjari and his team were installed by Sharon. R B Kharat, former director of the institute, Binda Saraf, R N Limsay, S Umre and W B Gurnule also spoke on the occasion. The society's motto for the current year is 'Go Green, Think Blue' based on principle of reduce, reuse, recycle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15538696", "title": "Gen V K Singh meets Hazare, may join politics in future", "text": "PUNE: Former Army chief General V K Singh visited social crusader Anna Hazare's native village Ralegan Siddhi on Friday and held a meeting with the Gandhian during his two-and-a-half-hour stay at the village.Hazare's aides were tight-lipped about the discussion between Hazare and General Singh but said it was mainly about village development work. Gen Singh's visit assumes significance as earlier this month, he had appeared at Jantar Mantar in Delhi on the last day of Hazare's fast. He was also one of the signatories to an appeal to Hazare asking him to call off his fast and work towards a political alternative.The former Army chief supported Anna's demand for people getting the right to recall their elected representatives so that only honest politicians get to occupy positions in the government. He did not rule out joining politics in the future.Gen Singh arrived at Ralegan Siddhi via Pune around 1 pm and stayed there till 3.30 pm. The visit was planned during his meeting with Hazare in Delhi and subsequent telephonic conversations between the two, sources in the village said.Hazare's personal assistant Suresh Pathare told TOI that Gen Singh wanted to see \"what a former Armyman (Hazare) has achieved in the village\". \"He visited several watershed development projects in the village, Sant Nilobarai Vidyalaya where he interacted with the students, the Hind Swaraj Trust's training centre that imparts training in watershed development and also toured the village. Anna accompanied him,\" Pathare said. He said that Gen Singh also held a meeting with Hazare \"mainly to discuss rural development\" and said that he would like to return.Gen Singh had earlier said that he backed both Anna Hazare and Baba Ramdev as he saw no difference between the agitations of the two social activists. He had said that Hazare was creating awareness among the masses by raising the issue of corruption while Ramdev was raising the issue of black money in foreign banks. \"Both are important issues and I am with anyone who works for the welfare of the country,\" Singh had said. While supporting Hazare's demand for the right to recall, Singh had said if it were introduced, several politicians in the country would begin to fear losing their seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15539324", "title": "Manmad records second outbreak of dengue in two months", "text": "NASHIK: The district malaria office, although it stopped short of attributing the cause of death of a five-year-old girl in Manmad to dengue, has announced the second out-break of the disease in two months. The town was already listed as a high- risk area for the disease.\"Though the cause of death of the child is still being assessed, because it was the result of fever, the office has first declared an outbreak in the area so it can carry out and there and carries out all necessary measures to ensure the spread of infection is arrested, Accordingly, all the measures are in place,\" district malaria officer (DMO) Dr A S Bendre, said.Manmad along with Nandgaon and Niphad, which are non-tribal areas, have already been included in the high-risk areas (HRA) for dengue and chikunguniya, while Trimbakeshwar, Peth and Surgana, which are tribal areas, have been included in the HRA for malaria.According to health officials, Manmad witnessed four positive cases for dengue in the month of July and hence had already declared the outbreak. Since Manmad receives water only every 10-15 days with the break of 8 to 15 days and hence the locals are compelled to store water for longer periods. \"This creates an ideal breeding ground for larvae of Aedes Aegypti mosquitoes, - carriers of the dengue virus -hence the people were made aware of the spread of the disease,\" an official said. adding that despiteprecautions, there was an outbreak.The health machinery has carried out fogging within and around every house in the area and instructed residents to ensure all water-storing utensils are washed and dried. Health officials are carrying out a survey in affected areas to prevent a recurrence.The office had recorded three dengue deaths due to dengue in the district last year, while one case of death was recorded each in 2007 and 2010.Similarly, 1,266 cases of malaria have been recorded since January 2012 and the percentage stands at 9.24 percent and the rainy season is still continuing. There were seven deaths due to malaria in 2009, four in 2010 and five in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15538929", "title": "Literary hubs of theft and poor patronage", "text": "RANCHI: It is indeed dismaying that many priceless books have \"disappeared\" from some of the heritage libraries that were once the pride of the city. They were literary hubs where many mushayras and other cultural programmes would be held to the delight of everyone. As the city grew, the libraries shrunk in size and today have become mere heritage spots, clinging to a glorious past. Two such libraries are the International Library and the Urdu Library.Established in 1962 by the British Council, the International Library was then known as the British Council Library. In 1995, the library was on the verge of closure as the British Council found it difficult to manage its affairs.The administrator of the library, V Pankaj, said, \"The library was left with only 1,400 books and seven members when the Late A B Davis, a social worker, tried to revive it and renamed it the International Library and Cultural Centre.\"Now, the library has more than 35,000 books and 1,200 members. Pankaj said, \"Language courses in French and German and other skills like singing and guitar are taught here. Films are also screened on the first floor of the library from time to time.\"The Public Urdu Library which is probably the oldest library here, was established in 1938 and was then called the Muslim Students' Library. This has now become a reading room. The trustee of the library, Hussain Kachchi, said, \"The library used to run from a rented house on Church Road initially. Later, as it gained popularity, it was renamed Muslim Library in 1938. The name was again changed to its original, Public Urdu Library, in 1942.\"The Partition affected its membership significantly, maintained Kachchi. \"After the Partition, many members were displaced and the library suffered a huge loss.\"Books are not issued from these libraries now as many expensive books have been stolen or not been returned by members.Kachchi said, \"Now members are only allowed to sit and read here. They cannot borrow books. We have also kept many important manuscripts under lock and key.\" said an avid reader, \"Both libraries are reminders of our rich literary past. They have now fallen on hard times because of lack of funds and support from readers and the government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15539767", "title": "Banking operations in for big push in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Bihar may soon shed the tag of being \"one of the most under-banked states\" in the country with the bankers operating in the state deciding to open 16,238 new units to facilitate expansion of banking activities. This decision was taken at the State Level Bankers' Committee (SLBC) meeting held here on Friday. The bankers shared the state government's concern on low spread of banking activities and the need for financial inclusion of every family in a bid to step up developmental activities.The 16,238 new units to be added to the existing 4,882 brick-and-mortar branches and 2,145 ATMs of various banks include opening of 419 new brick-and-mortar branches of various banks, 1,866 new ATMs, 1,695 ultra-small branches (USBs) covering all the villages having a population of more than 5,000 people besides 12,258 banking units in equal number of villages, each with a population of more than 1,600 people.\"All the 1,695 USBs will be opened in the next three months. Bankers have agreed to do it. Besides, 12,258 villages would also be saturated with banking facility under business correspondent model (BCM) during the same period,\" said deputy CM cum state's finance minister Sushil Kumar Modi , who reviewed the performance of the bankers at the SLBC meeting.As he put it before the bankers, Bihar was the \"most under-banked state\" in the country, and even the people of the northeastern states were more banked than Bihar. Till now, Bihar with over 10 crore population, had one brick-and-mortar branch for around 25,000 population, while the national average in this regard was one bank branch for every 14,000 population. \"The idea behind opening 16,238 new units for banking activities was to saturate people through financial inclusion of at least one member from every family in the state,\" he said.According to him, every USB would have a banking official, armed with a laptop and other essential accessories, present at every village with over 5,000 population six days a week, and would operate from the government or panchayat building there, or alternatively, from a rented private house. Similarly, a banking correspondent selected by various banks would operate in every village with a population of over 1,600 people (but less than 5,000 people).Moreover, a banking official would visit every such village once a week to ensure committed efficient performance of the business correspondent placed in that village. Modi said the bankers had already appointed/selected 9,206 banking correspondents for an equal number of such villages, and would deploy the remaining 3,052 of them in the next three months.\"It is for the first time in the banking history of the state that bankers have been reaching out to people on such a scale,\" Modi said, adding that even the 15 Left Wing Extremist-affected districts would get a network of banking facilities.State Bank of India (SBI) chief general manager (CGM) Jeevan Das Narayan said banking activities would also be expanded in the 15 districts in a focused manner, while Nalanda and Gaya districts would be saturated with banking activities through self-help groups (SHGs).Modi said Kisan Credit Cards (KCCs) would be distributed at special camps to be held in every block on two days - September 9 and October 10 - and accounts of urban poor, vendors and hawkers would also be opened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15538806", "title": "'Provocative links' removed from social networking site", "text": "donePUNE: The Pune police claimed on Friday that a social networking website had removed 25 links to \"provocative material\" related to the violence in the northeast, following an official request from the police. In addition, a video sharing website has taken down five provocative videos.Deputy commissioner of police (Cyber Cell) Sanjay Shinde told TOI that after the recent incidents of violence in the city, a special team of the cyber cell has been assigned to keep a tab on provocative messages, videos and other such material being circulated on the internet. The team members are monitoring several sites round the clock. \"We found 25 links on a social networking site and 79 videos on a video sharing site to be provocative,\" Shinde said.He said that following their request, the social networking site immediately removed all the 25 links, but the video sharing site has so far removed only five of the 79 videos. \"It has, however, put up a warning message on the remaining 73 videos, saying that they were objectionable and should not be watched. The 73 videos could not be removed as they were sourced from some news agencies,\" Shinde said.He also disclosed that on August 14 and 15, telecom companies had blocked the transmission of MMSes in the city, following orders from the additional chief secretary (home). On August 11, the city police had written to the home ministry urging it to issue orders to block the transmission of MMSes for a few days. The circulation of a doctored MMS clip had allegedly led to the attacks on people from the northeast in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15540127", "title": "Sreekumar writes to PM on 'denial' of promotion to top cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Retired director general of police (DGP) R B Sreekumar has dashed off a letter to the Prime Minister complaining about the alleged denial of promotion to the senior cops in Gujarat by the Modi government.According to Sreekumar, this has a de-motivating effect among state police officials.In March, Sreekumar had written a similar letter to the Union home minister, but never got any reply. Hence, he chose to bring it to the notice of PM Manmohan Singh and sought his intervention to \"arrest any further decline of morale\".The retired DGP stated that since August 2010, the state government has kept the post of DGP vacant without any valid administrative or professional grounds. \"This persisting avoidable malady has generated immense frustration and de-motivation among the higher police officers in the state. Two officers with excellent performance records, serving as ADGP, have retired since August 2010 and two more would be going on superannuation in December 2012 without promotion to the rank of DGP,\" the letter reads.He mentioned that keeping the cadre posts vacant beyond six months is violation of Rule 10 of the Indian Police Service (Cadre) Rules 1954.The aggrieved officers and the state unit of IPS Association are reluctant to approach judicial bodies because they apprehend punitive action by the government.Sreekumar wrote how ADGP Chittranjan Singh has been working as in-charge DGP since September 2010. He also demanded appointment of regular DGP during the election. \"An in-charge DGP, devoid of tenure security, rank and grade related authority, powers, status and dignity, in contrast to full-fledged DGP of other states, would be quite vulnerable to unethical manipulative machinations by the political and administrative hierarchy of the state government,\" the letter reads.Sreekumar was denied promotion by the state government and he was superseded after he criticized the state machinery before the Nanavati commission for its functioning during the 2002 riots.He fought a lengthy legal battle and earned the rank of DGP that was due to him, albeit after retirement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15542757", "title": "Maharashtra to launch RFID technology at border checkposts soon", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government will soon launch the RFID technology at the state's border checkposts. It has already begun circulating RFID stickers to trucks, tankers and trailers. The advantage will be two-fold -- heavy goods vehicles will not have to wait in long queues for clearance at the check-posts and it will also put an end to corruption by RTO officials.Speaking to TOI, state transport commissioner V N More said,\"We have begun distributing the RFID stickers and these will be pasted on trucks and trailers passing through the border check-posts. It will put an end to corruption at the checknakas and also ensure transparency in collecting taxes and checking entry and exit of vehicles in the state.\"He further stated that the RFID cards will be available to truckers at all RTOs and appealed to state transporters to expedite the process of registering their vehicle details and collecting the RFID stickers at the earliest. The sticker will be pasted on the windshield of the vehicle. It will contain a chip, which will store a plethora of data including vehicle's registration details, name of the owner, the engine chassis number, details and validity of fitness and PUC certificates, details of taxes paid for the goods that are being transported and other data. \"Trucks will pass through huge metalframe detectors through which we can read the data stored on the RFID sticker and view it within seconds on a computer. Unless taxes are not paid or truck is carrying excess goods, we will not stop the vehicle,\" a RTO official said. The project is being jointly undertaken by MSRDC and the transport department.Said More, \"There is no scope of any corruption. Every information will be digitised and we keep a computer record of all vehicles passing through the checkposts.\" The project is first being implemented in the Gujarat-Maharashtra border posts before being launched at the other posts across the state boundaries.Sources said RTO officials earned crores of rupees through corruption at the check-posts and it was presumed to be a \"lucrative\" posting for officials. But the wings of the corrupt officials will now be clipped as manual system will be taken over by the computers, sources said. A transporter association welcomed the system, saying it would lead to transparency of data. \"Also, they can have e-payments through RFID technology in future. Also, it will save us time, energy and fuel while crossing the checkposts,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15540509", "title": "Cops on terror hunt nab Bangladeshi woman", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Special Operations Group (SOG) officials thought they had nabbed a terrorist. But, she later turned out to be a scared woman who had sneaked into India from Bangladesh.The city cops have been on tenterhooks since the preparations for the Independence Day began. Putting the cops on the edge was an intelligence input from central agencies that an airplane could be hijacked from the Ahmedabad airport. Names of seven suspects were also specified; one of which was of Ruksana from Ahmedabad.On Friday, SOG tracked down a woman who fitted the profile. A tip-off put the cops in action. The input was about a woman named Ruksana who was spotted near Chandola lake which houses one of the largest slums of the city inhabited by illegal immigrants from Bangladesh. When a police team rushed to the site, Ruksana got scared and behaved suspiciously. Cops brought her to SOG's office in Juhapura and questioned her. It was then revealed that she was actually a Bangladesh immigrant who had got into the country illegally. SOG officials said.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15540850", "title": "\u2018We\u2019re worried about friends, kin\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: Though the situation in the city among students from the northeastern states is not as panicky as it is for their counterparts in Bangalore, Pune and Hyderabad, they are continuously trying to keep a tab on the developments post rumour-mongering about alleged security threats that triggered people to flee to their home states from these cities.They have been making calls, watching and reading news continuously in order to asses the degree of threat for friends and relatives based in the southern states.\"We are safe here, but there is a concern about whatever is happening in other states. The violence in Assam and the current events that followed are not a good sign. We want peace to prevail in the country. There is a lot of concern about our friends and relatives back home and in the disturbed areas,\" says Valentina, a PhD student at Punjab Agricultural University, who hails from Manipur.Assamese student Sayanika Borah, another PhD fellow at PAU, says the news from other parts of the country causes concern even thought the city is free of any such rumour-mongering. \"There should be a sense of security among all the residents in a country, no matter what community or state they come from. Such critical rumours should be checked,\" says Sayanika.Anuradha and Jenny, both PhD fellows at PAU from Manipur, say their friends in Bangalore are living under constant fear. \"We are feeling helpless as there is nothing much we can do to comfort our friends and relatives who are facing the threat and receiving rumour messages. All we can do is pray for their safety and keep in touch with them constantly,\" says Jenny.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15539304", "title": "FIR against senior RAS officer over corruption charges", "text": "JAIPUR: The anti-corruption bureau (ACB) on Friday registered an FIR against a senior RAS officer, currently posted as additional divisional commissioner in Bharatpur. on charges of corruption.The ACB claimed that RAS officer Gopalram Swami was allegedly involved in releasing compensation of Rs 60 lakh during land acquisition by the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) in Dholpur district when he was posted as an ADM last year. The agency booked him under various sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act.According to ACB's Addl SP in Dholpur Rajendra Varma, NHAI was acquiring land for widening of National Highway number 3 in 2011.\"Two shops situated at Dholpur bus stand were also to be acquired. One Prem Singh Tyagi claimed the ownership of these two shops, while one Sanjay Gupta also approached the district administration saying that he was a co-owner. The compensation was fixed at Rs 60 lakh. Tyagi was denied the compensation by the officer posted as ADM before Gopalram Swami took the charge,\" said Varma.The officer said that as per the norms, Gupta should have been given an equal chance to prove his claims of co-ownership.\"However, as ADM, Gopalram Swami ordered the release of entire amount of compensation to Tyagi. At this, Gupta approached the ACB in March last year and registered a complaint. The preliminary enquiry (PE) was lodged against the officer by the ACB,\" said the officer.During investigation, the complaint was prima-facie found to be true, Varma said. \"On this, an FIR was registered against Gopalram Swami and Prem Singh Tyagi under sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act and Section 120B (criminal conspiracy) of IPC,\" said the officer.He added that the agency has now started collecting documents regarding the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15543965", "title": "BJP leaders to visit drought hit areas from August 21", "text": "BANGALORE: Teams of ruling BJP leaders led by chief minister Jagadish Shettar will launch a tour in drought-hit areas from August 21.The state unit BJP Core Committee that met under the leadership of deputy chief minister and state unit president K S Eshwarappa decided that the leaders would launch the first phase of visit to drought-hit areas from Tumkur on August 21.Besides Shettar, former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa, ministers and legislators will also participate in the tour, Eshwarappa told reporters after the meeting.During the tour, they would also interact with BJP workers and discuss strengthening the party ahead of next year's assembly polls, he said.The first leg of the visit will conclude in Chamarajanagar on August 31, he said.Yeddyurappa, who has been eyeing the state unit president post, had planned to criss-cross drought hit areas, but the party decided that ministers and MLAs will also undertake the visit along with the former chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15539607", "title": "300kg of \u2018corals\u2019 seized at Central railway station", "text": "CHENNAI: A consignment containing 300kg of what appeared to be corals was seized at Central railway station on Thursday. A hunt is on for the two persons who had booked the consignment to be sent to Kolkata. Corals are an endangered species of marine animals that live in colonies.An intelligence unit of the railway commercial department became suspicious about 12 cartons lying at the booking office and alerted the government railway police. Police personnel opened one of the cartons and found corals. After all the cartons were found to contain the same species, a sample was sent to the forensic laboratory for examination. The cartons were booked in the name of Yuvaraj and Vincent Raj, but the address given, in the Elephant Gate area, was found to be fake. \"We informed forest department officials about the seizure,\" a police officer said.\"We will get the laboratory report on Saturday,\" he said. The city police have asked their counterparts in Kolkata to verify the address where the parcel was to be sent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15540902", "title": "Baby death: MS shifted; doctor, 3 nurses to be charge-sheeted", "text": "JALANDHAR: Acting on the report submitted by the inquiry committee probing the death of a newborn in Civil Jalandhar Hospital on July 25, Punjab health minister on Friday ordered transfer of the medical superintendent and charge-sheeting of one doctor and three staff nurses.The enquiry was headed by Jalandhar ADC Parneet Bharadwaj and the committee had indicted the Civil Hospital staff for callousness, illegal demand of Rs 200 from the baby's parents, and tampering with hospital records. However, the inquiry could not ascertain the reason for death of the infant while hospital records said the baby died due to asphyxia.It had come out during investigations that even as mothers and newborn babies were to be treated free under the Janani Shishu Suraksha Scheme (JSSK) since June 30, the hospital had been charging fee for various services. It is clear that the department has failed to fix responsibility of other senior officials who failed to implement JSSK in the Civil Hospital for the last one year and the hospital continued charging fee.Baby's parents Sanjeev and Anita had alleged that the baby was kept away from phototherapy unit as they could not pay Rs 200. They had also alleged shabby treatment to the couple after the death of the baby. A health department statement said health minister Madan Mohan Mittal ordered these actions after taking into account the inquiry headed by ADC Jalandhar and director health and family welfare as well as the views of chief parliamentary secretary Navjot Kaur Sidhu . The latter had earlier said that another expert inquiry was required as there were lapses in treatment as well. However, later she sent her observations to the CM, health minister and principal secretary, health. When contacted on Friday, Sidhu said she was satisfied with the report and the points made by her had been addressed.Meanwhile, the health department has said that to improve childcare in the state, 12 special newborn care units will be established during 2012-13. Two of these special units (one at Mother and Child Care Hospital, Bathinda and the other at Mata Kaushalya Hospital, Patiala) are being set up shortly to provide specialized newborn care in every aspect. 50 newborn stabilization units will also be set up in all the district hospitals, sub-divisional hospitals and community health centres to provide specialized care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15535473", "title": "It bothers me that I've not been promoted: Vijay Kumar", "text": "Olympian Vijay Kumar's house in Harsaur village in Himachal Pradesh wears festive colours post his London Olympics medal. While the walls are painted bright pink, two extra compounds are being created to accommodate the milling guests. The silver medallist, a proud armyman, has now stopped latching the main gate so that guests don't have to knock before coming in. Sitting in the open verandah while taking congratulatory phone calls, Vijay takes out time to talk to us about how he got the best gift this Independence Day.Are you unhappy with army? You have been quoted as saying, 'I will leave Army if not promoted'.No, I am not unhappy. But what bothers me is that I have not been promoted. I have worked hard and I think my demand is genuine. Even I want to move up in life and want a secure future. I am a proud armyman and today what I am is because of that. But I feel sad when I see other medal winners being offered a post equivalent of IAS. Several sportspersons are given good positions in police and other government organisations. So, why not me?But sports minister Ajay Maken has written to defence minister AK Antony asking you be offered a post at par with civilian scales...I am waiting for the decision. Otherwise, let's see what will happen. I want to stay in the Army but then what to do? I have my fingers crossed as I am waiting for them to devise a solution.Are you considering other options?Of course! There are many corporate houses, which are ready to give me a job. I strongly feel that money is not everything but some decisions needs to be taken. Also, I have another option - that of taking up a job in the Sports Authority of India (SAI).Maybe, you can get into movies or endorse brands. Are there any such offers?Well, it can't happen. I was told to explore film or TV world, but I am not made for those kind of things. Seedha saa insaan hoon, mujhey kya maloom acting-vacting kya hoti hai. I love the way I am, and I don't intend to enter an arena that is not familiar to me, or that which I can't sustain on in the long run.Doesn't it bother you that a country of millions doesn't perform the way others do?It does. In China and America, rigorous training starts at a very early age. India is a progressing nation and we have the capability to do wonders.From a simple Army person to a celebrity... how has the transition been?I am still a simple guy. I love meeting friends and wait for my time of holidays when I can go crazy eating. I was touched when film stars, cricketers and other well-known personalities sent me congratulatory messages. I was floored to see people who came to receive me at Delhi airport when I returned with the medal.Whose message did you like the most?Amitabh Bachchanji and Sachin Tendulkar. They are so nice and I look forward to meeting them.Maybe, now some actress will want to date you, and you will get married...(Looks shy) Really! I don't think so. And please, let me tell you before you ask who my favourite actress is, I like all of them. Basically, I am scared of their actor boyfriends, (laughs) that's why my liking for them will remain secret.Will the medal alter your single status?No way. Bhai, mujhey jeene do. I will get married, but not so soon. Abhi toh meri umar hi kya hai? I think I will wait till 2016 Olympics and then get married.Is your family not after you for it?Oh, they have been looking since long. And now they are actually pushing me, but I tell them I am married... married to the game, I mean. So they will have to give me some more years.You are soon off to Delhi. Tell us about your experiences of Delhi...It's a lovely place and I'd want to settle there. What irks me the most is growing traffic and increasing crime. I always loved being a Delhi boy and I want to make it a better place by holding social gatherings and working with the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15538583", "title": "Bureaucratic taint gets political patronage", "text": "LUCKNOW: As the Samajwadi Party government draws flak for allowing tainted bureaucrat Pradeep Shukla to rejoin duty at the Revenue Board even after spending three months in jail, the fact is he is not the first babu to have got patronage from political bosses. And call it coincidence, in a majority of cases where a tainted or jailed babu was shielded, the 'benevolent' party in power was the SP.The original beneficiaries of such political benevolence belonged to the 1990s when Akhand Pratap Singh and Neera Yadav, 1967 and 1971 batch IAS officers respectively, were found guilty on different charges of corruption. In 1997, the two were voted among the \"three most corrupt IAS officers\" of the state by the UP IAS Association, but none of these findings deterred their political bosses from giving them plum postings. Yadav was appointed secretary to the department of appointment and then, Noida CEO during Mulayam Singh Yadav's earlier stint as UP chief minister. In 2005, the Samajwadi government even elevated Yadav to the post of the chief secretary of the state. Her political clout though was not limited to the Samajwadi Party alone; she was also given significant postings under the BJP and BSP regimes.The trend of political patronage continued when Mulayam appointment tainted officer Akhand Pratap Singh as the chief secretary in 2003. His appointment was challenged through a PIL before the Supreme Court, forcing Singh to step down. Even so, he could only be booked on corruption charges in 2007, after he retired.Singh was granted bail after spending one month in Tihar jail. Neera Yadav, on the other hand, was sentenced by the CBI court in Ghaziabad to four years imprisonment. She was given bail after less than one week in prison. In comparison, Shukla remained imprisoned in Dasna jail for 90 days, after which he was given bail because the CBI could not file a chargesheet against him in the NRHM scam.Inordinate delays in convicting IAS officers, sources say, are because of the system of sanctioning of permission. Once a case is registered, the accused officer's departmental head must permit the filing of a chargesheet. The sanction to prosecute is sought from the department of personnel and training. The case then goes to the chief vigilance officer in the department, from there to the CVC and the appointing authority, Union Public Service Commission. The recommendation of the UPSC is not mandatory, but in case there is a dispute between the department concerned and the DoPT, the CVC takes the final decision.The process is further complicated in the cases where an officer of the rank of a joint secretary and above is involved. In these cases, investigators need permission to execute a probe from his departmental head even before a preliminary inquiry is registered. In Shukla's case, he was principal secretary of the department of family welfare and Mission Director of the National Rural Health Mission during the Mayawati government when the NRHM scam surfaced. He was removed when the scam came out in the open and sent to the revenue board in April 2011. He remained there till May when he was arrested by the CBI for his alleged rol in the scam. Meanwhile, in March, the SP had come to power. But, SP government has maintained a stoic silence on its reasons for not granting permission to chargesheet Shukla.The wall the CBI ran into in Shukla's case is also not new. Earlier, it was unable to get the state government's nod to prosecute RK Sharma, former principal secretary, environment, in the Rs 175-crore Taj Heritage Corridor scam. Again, in the case of Mahesh Gupta, charged with irregularities in Group-C level recruitment while he was the director, information, of UP in 1998, sanction was denied.Former bureaucrat and Barabanki MP, PL Punia said: If charges of corruption are proven against any officer, there is no reason why he should be protected only because of his intimacy with one or the other political parties. The law does not give him the licence to tinker with the system.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "15540880", "title": "5 UP men arrested for KDCC bank heist", "text": "KARWAR: Five members of an eight-man gang involved in KDCC bank robbery in Karki in Honnavar taluk last month were arrested by the Uttara Kannada police.The gang from Uttar Pradesh had made away with 3.58 kg of gold ornaments and Rs 1.96 lakh on July 18.The arrested are: Ali Nawaz Khan, Shanavaz Peerajat Khan, Rajaram Bhumiraj, Aklak Liaquat Pathan and Ramavatar Amroji Jat from Badaun district in Uttar Pradesh. Ali Nawaz Khan was the kingpin of the entire operation and they were involved in several other robberies in different districts of the state, Uttara Kannada SP KT Balakrishna said.Ali Nawaz Khan, who moved to Karnataka 10 years ago, settled in Shimoga and started a business selling old tyres in Shimoga and Gadag districts. He would identify targets like banks, post offices and other financial institutions, carefully study the security measures and analyse the risks involved. Police said Ali spent at least six months planning the robbery. Once a foolproof plan was prepared, the others would come from Uttar Pradesh and he would assign definite jobs to each person. The gang would choose a rainy night to strike. Police have seized two country-made guns, swords, knifes, rods and hacksaw blades from the accused.On the night of July 18, the gang entered the KDCC bank's Karki branch by breaking the window and disabled the alarm system. Nobody noticed them as it was raining heavily. They then broke open the strong room of the bank and escaped with cash and gold.The SP said some of the gold had already been sold in UP. At present, the police have seized cash and ornaments worth Rs 31 lakh. When asked how the police managed to solve the case, the officer refused to divulge details since three more members of the gang were yet to be arrested. A police team is expected to leave for UP for further investigation.Additional SP Subhash Gudimani and DySP Ullas Revankar were present at the press conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15538739", "title": "Governor gives consent to housing bill provisions", "text": "MUMBAI: The much-debated Maharashtra Housing (Regulation and Development) Bill, which contains provisions for the setting up of housing regulatory, cleared another milestone on Friday when governor K Sankarnarayanan gave a verbal consent to the contents of the bill.Following a presentation of the state housing department on Friday, governor K Sankarnarayanan gave a verbal consent to the contents of the bill.Approved by the state legislature in the monsoon session of the assembly, the bill was sent to the governor's office for consideration. Based on a representation of consumer protection groups, the governor's office sought the housing department's clarification on objections to its contents. Additional chief secretary (housing) Gautam Chatterjee visited Raj Bhavan on Friday for the purpose.The consumer rights activists had raised objections, including exclusion of redevelopment projects in the ambit of the Act and non-application of imprisonment clause as penalty for errant promoters and developers. Objections were also raised regarding exclusion of consumer protection rights from the preamble and lack of definition of terms such as \"allottee\" and \"interest\".The housing department argued that the bill was meant to safeguard the interests of flat buyers in new projects and measures to ensure this had been incorporated. It said independent mechanism was in place or was being incorporated to address grievances in the case of redevelopment projects. It further argued that heavy fines were the best practice to ensure speedy justice. Provisions allowing the regulator to prosecute habitual offenders existed in the Act, an official said.Objections regarding the outer time limit of four months for society registration and allotment of FSI between the developer and the society in multi-phase projects were raised. The department was able to convince the governor that its provisions were in the interest of buyers, a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15540120", "title": "Police lookout for cab passengers in Hyder Ali murder case", "text": "KOCHI: Police are on the lookout for a young man in connection with the murder of Hyder Ali, a taxi driver, near Kottapuram colony in Nellimoolath, near Perumbavoor, on Thursday morning.According to Kurupampady circle inspector G S Crispin Sam, police are trying to trace the person who hired Hyder Ali's taxi.\"A young man approached the driver around 2pm on Wednesday to go for a ride to Pooppara in Idukki. Other taxi drivers will be able to identify him,\" said Crispin Sam. Police have not been able to trace the Indica car (taxi) so far.According to the autopsy report, Hyder Ali (46) was murdered after he was hit on the head with an iron rod.His body was later brought to Nellimoolath and set on fire.\"We need to ascertain whether the crime was committed to rob the vehicle or for some other purpose. The victim had made a call from his mobile phone to his house on Wednesday night. The cyber wing is trying to trace his mobile phone,\" officials said.It was on Thursday morning that the residents of Nellimoolath noticed the charred body of a man lying in the bushes near the road. Police said there were deep wounds on his head and petrol was used to burn the body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15538465", "title": "Cautious Tibetans to shut market from Monday", "text": "BANGALORE: The panic among northeastern migrants in the city has affected Tibetans too. The panic migration resulted in a sharp dip in footfalls at the Tibetan market, off Brigade Road, on Friday.\"Most of our customers are northeasterners,\" Tibetan traders said. They are also worried they might be mistaken for northeasterners and targeted.The traders have now decided to shut down for some days from August 20. \"We have been attending peace meetings, and have been assured of security. But we can't take any risk,\" said a 37-year-old Tibetan woman who heads the traders' union.Most salesgirls working in these outlets are from Darjeeling and Assam. \"We have been taking care of these girls. We find it unsafe. Some social networking sites have misused a photo of a Tibetan Buddhist to spread wrong impressions about the riots in Assam. My grandparents living in Tibetan colony at Mundgod, too, are scared. They want me to join them,\" said Tenzen R, a woman entrepreneur.The traders said they too had been getting messages stating that some untoward incidents would take place in the city on Monday. \"There are also messages of assault and rape. We know they are not true but they build up fear,\" said a Tibetan woman.The community members said they have had problems with their landlords in areas like Austin Town and Ashoknagar, where they reside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15538722", "title": "Makeover plan for Mumbai gets PM's push", "text": "MUMBAI: The ambitious Mumbai makeover plan received a boost on Friday with the Prime Minister agreeing to consider the state's demand for a special task force to grant quick approvals to projects that would transform Mumbai into a world-class metropolis.Singh, who will be in the city till Saturday evening, met chief minister Prithviraj Chavan at a luxury hotel in south Mumbai, where he had been invited for a dinner by Bombay high court judges.As reported by TOI in its Friday edition, Chavan pushed the Mumbai transformation project aggressively. While Chavan told TOI that the meeting was nothing but a follow-up to his meeting with the PM in Delhi earlier this week, state officials said the PM was expected to make an announcement about the project on Saturday.The CM also sought central approval for the concept plan of the Rs 8,000 crore coastal road between Cuffe Parade and Malad. The project involves reclamation of about 42 hectares. As reclamation is not allowed for roads in the existing coastal regulation norms, the state government was an assurance from the Centre before it prepares a detailed project report. The project is worth Rs 8000 crore.The state has urged the Centre to grant it additional funding for the Rs 10,000 crore Nhava-Sewri Transharbour Link. It wants the Centre to provide 20% of the project cost as viability gap fund. It also wants the Centre to absorb 50% of the cost for connecting the link to vital intersections on both sides, which is expected to cost an additional Rs 2600 crore. This would however require a policy change as existing norms permit central funding up to 35%Fast-tracking of environmental clearances for Alibaug-Virar Multi Modal corridor (Rs 10,000 cr)and the Metro-III route was also demanded. Another demand raised was for the inclusion of the Navi Mumbai international airport project (Rs 14,000 crore) in the new \"Greenfield airport policy.\" This would allow the state to go ahead with appointment of the concessionaire for the airport development work at its level.The process for appointment of the concessionaire is currently pending with the steering committee of the Union cabinet.The state has asked PM to come out with a policy for redevelopment of slum on lands owned by central agencies. The lack of such a policy is hindering the slum-free Mumbai plan.A Rs 500-crore demand was raised for an upcoming women cancer hospital in Parel.Chavan also discussed the Rs 3,011 crore aid for drought-hit regions and sought Rs 2,217 crore for completion of last mile irrigation projects before July 2013. He also pushed for lifting of moratorium on ports in Sindhudurg. Earlier, a delegation of the state Congress met Singh at the airport and demanded that Indu mill land be handed over for the construction of Ambedkar memorial. in connection , where a demand for hand over of the Indu mill land, drought assistance and support to big ticket infrastructure project in Mumbai was raised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15540073", "title": "Two killed in separate accidents", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 26-year-old man, grand son of former DMK MP M Ramanathan was killed in a road mishap on Friday morning on the outskirts of the city.Police said S Loganathan residing at Race Course was on his way to the Sulakkal Mariamman Temple near Pollachi on his motorcycle. A truck carrying milk cans hit the motorcycle and Loganathan was thrown off his vehicle near Mullupadi railway gate. When the truck driver reversed his vehicle, he ran over Loganathan. While the driver fled the spot, a farm worker noticed Loganathan and immediately rushed him to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital ( CMCH) where he died within a few hours.\"Some residents had seen the truck and we are trying to trace the culprit with their help. We will take firm action against the truck driver,\" said inspector M S Saravanan, Kinathukadavu police station. The police have registered a case and a detailed investigation is on.In yet another incident, a final year engineering student was killed on Pollachi main road near Malumachampatti on Friday. B Pranesh (21), from Nilgiris and V Prasanth (20) from Coonoor were doing their final year at Karpagam College of Engineering on the outskirts of the city. On Friday night, the duo was returning to their rented room at Malumachampatti on a bike after visiting their friend who lived near Kinathukadavu. Pranesh applied the brakes suddenly when he saw a truck laden with iron rods. As the bike skidded, Pranesh was injured by the truck and died on the spot. Prasanth suffered head injuries and has been admitted to a hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15540046", "title": "SP promises stringent action against firms", "text": "COIMBATORE: Efforts are on to attach movable and immovable properties of five major emu firms based in Perundurai. Economic Offences Wing (EOW) superintendent of police P R Venmathi said inspectors of the department with the help of revenue officials have started to estimate properties of each firm and its promoters. Venmathi assured that those who orchestrated the scam would be caught and businessmen like Susi Emu farm managing director M S Guru would soon be arrested.According to her, a total of 3,496 cases have been filed so far across the state against five major firms in Perundurai. \"Other firms in Perundurai are also under our radar and we expect complaints against them in the coming days. All the promoters have gone underground and their birds have been abandoned,'' she said.Among the cases registered in Perundurai, 141 are against Susi Emu Farms while Queen Emu Farms faces 182 cases. TVM farm have 184 cases against it while Alma farm faces 68 cases. A total of 193 cases have been charged so far against NS farm while Nidhi farm faces 81 cases. Nidhi Emu Farm partner M Karthikeyan was arrested on Friday by the EOW from his farm house on the outskirts of Erode.According to Venmathi, the birds abandoned in Perundurai farms are no more a headache for police as the district administration has ensured adequate supply of feed. Livestock experts are also ensuring better care, she said.Meanwhile, Erode district police have denied permission to a rally slated to be held in the city on Saturday, demanding steps to revive emu contract farming firms' in the region. According to police intelligence, the rally was organized at the behest of emu farming promoters who went underground to evade arrest and the aim was to slow down investigation against them. A similar protest was held two days ago in front of the collectorate.However, investors are happy with the chief minister's statement promising firm action against firms that have cheated people. \"It is a welcome development. The police are compelled to take firm action against the firms which cheated us. We hope more arrests would happen in the coming one week,'' said R Arumugam of Erode, who invested and lost Rs six lakh in Susi Emu Farm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "15539912", "title": "Drunk, unruly tourists put lifeguards in a spot", "text": "CALANGUTE: With thousands of tourists visiting Calangute beach every day, even on days when it pours incessantly, Drishti lifeguards are having a harrowing time controlling the visitors who venture into the water despite warnings.According to the lifeguards, tourists coming to the beach end up drinking alcohol in large quantities and then, throwing caution to the winds, wade into the water and attempt to swim, ignoring the whistles of the lifeguards. Because of this, there have been a number of near-deaths due to drowning this monsoon.Recently, lifeguard Krishna Nagvekar had to rush into the water with a rescue tube when a group of tourists were swimming in front of the lifeguard tower in the afternoon. Suddenly, the tourists were hit by a huge wave and one of them, Suraj Alkunte, was swept seawards by a lateral current. Fortunately for him, the lifeguards managed to bring him to shore alive.In another incident, a group of tourists from Indore entered the sea in a no-swim zone despite warnings from lifeguards not to swim there. All of a sudden, a rip current swept them 30m seaward. The tourists were soon screaming for help. Lifeguard Siddesh Bhagat immediately rushed to their help with a rescue tube, while other lifeguards soon joined him with a rescue board. All the tourists were successfully brought alive to the shore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538751", "title": "Fresh spell of rain on Sunday: Met", "text": "NEW DELHI: The cloud cover of the past few days is likely to finally bring some rain over Delhi. A new low pressure area has formed over northwest Bay of Bengal and promises to bring relief to the plains of northwest India from August 19.\"There has been a steady cloud cover over parts of northwest India but the monsoon system has not been strong enough to bring any rain. With the new system, we are expecting that to be remedied. The monsoon trough should also move closer to its normal position,\" said a Met official.Rain and thundershowers are expected over one or two areas over the western Himalayan region and adjoining plains of northwest India till Saturday. The past two days have been almost dry for Delhi with only 1 mm rain recorded over the Delhi University area on Friday and Thursday. Friday's maximum temperature was two degrees above normal at 35.6 degrees Celsius while the minimum was 26.5 degrees Celsius. Delhi is currently facing a deficit of 238 mm at the Safdarjung observatory where 188 mm rainfall had been recorded till Friday morning. At Palam, where 229 mm rainfall had been recorded till Friday morning, the deficit was 207 mm.Till Friday, the deficiency over northwest India had come down to 26% while the overall deficit was 16%. The Haryana, Chandigarh and Delhi region are the second most dry area in so far this monsoon with a combined deficit of 67%. Met data available till August 15 shows Delhi has witnessed highly uneven rain this season with the deficit ranging from 29% in south Delhi to 77% in west Delhi. Of the nine districts in the city, six were facing a scanty monsoon while three were facing a deficit monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538378", "title": "CAG has crossed the line: Government", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has pitched its defence against Coalgate on the purported reluctance of states, including those ruled by BJP, to assign coal blocks through auctions and their presence in the screening committee that made the allocations.The Centre argued that the decision to keep the auction route on hold was driven by delays caused by a lengthy consultative process and mineral-rich states raising \"federal\" issues at a time when demand for coal was soaring. Also, earlier governments had acted no differently.Leading the government's combative response, minister of state in PMO, V Narayanasamy, said the CAG had exceeded its mandate. \"The report has not been tested by Parliament. The PAC will examine it, then we will see what view emerges,\" he said.Coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal said, \"The policy adopted to allocate coal blocks was not faulty. There could not be a more transparent policy for allocation.\"An official note said a wide consultative process and efforts to ensure transparency saw the screening committee on coal blocks involve state government officials while applicants were also invited to present their case. The government feels comparison with Coal India price is only notional. There can be no loss or gain on account of allocation of coal blocks to government companies. Allocation to government companies without bidding is permissible even today.The alleged gains have been calculated at 90%-100% of geological reserves but this is not correct because geological constraints reduce minable reserves. Out of the total coal blocks allocated, 57 are open cast mines, 38 underground and 31 mixed mines and the rest regionally explored blocks.\"Minable reserves of these calculated on the basis of peak rated capacity of the mines with 25 years full extractability works out to 14 BT (billion tonnes) as against the calculations maid taking extractability at 33.16 BT to 36.85 BT. Therefore assessment on windfall gain cannot be made,\" the note said.Then principal secretary to PM T K A Nair called a meeting on July 25, 2005, attended by secretaries of Bengal, Chhattisgarh, Rajasthan, Odisha and Jharkhand. \"Representatives of state governments felt that there might not be any need for a change if screening committee procedure was made more transparent, they also strongly felt the proposed changes would amount to withdrawal of powers from states,\" the note said.With the PM's office in the line of fire, the government has said the law ministry gave conflicting views on whether auctions needed a change in law or could be initiated by an administrative order. It has also pointed to objections raised by the states to say that CAG has taken a simplistic view.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "15540884", "title": "Taste of Awadh on Farooqui\u2019s \u2018dastarkhwan\u2019", "text": "CIVIL LINES: The 'dastarkhwan', a meticulously laid-out ceremonial dining spread, at the Civil Lines residence of police officer M F Farooqui is lined up with dishes from south, north and eastern Uttar Pradesh at iftaar. These aromatic delicacies from Awadh cuisine are light and less oily, says the deputy inspector general of Ludhiana range, who hails from Allahabad in Uttar Pradesh.Farooqui and his wife Abida fast during the entire month of Ramzan. \"Our children Muhammad Bilal, 12, and Muhammad Owais, 11 are too young to fast the entire month, but they join us for iftaar every day,\" says Fariooqui of his sons, both students of DAV School, BRS Nagar.\"Abida is an expert in various dishes from Awadh cuisine. However, we avoid non-vegetarian dishes and the iftaar menu mostly includes vegetarian ones,\" he adds.Farooqui says his family eats the dinner only after the late evening 'isha' prayers.His wife Abida says they break fast with dates and have fruits and light snacks for iftaar. \"Today I served fruit chat, 'upma', cooked peas, 'poha', 'masala channa dal', roasted black grams, 'dahi phulki' and 'pherni' for iftaar. Most of these dishes are light delicacies which are very popular among the natives of UP,\" she says.Abida adds, \"My kids are fond of burgers, so I made these as well at home for them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538558", "title": "Bhupinder Singh Hooda in a fix over independent MLA", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda remaining elusive for so many days despite chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda's saying that he should join investigation has surprised many. However, what has come as a blessing in disguise for Hooda is that the criminal case against Kanda has been registered in Delhi and not in Haryana.There are views from different quarters that the state government should pressure Kanda to surrender since the CM has absolute majority in the assembly and almost all independent MLAs are distancing themselves from the accused legislator. Though sources close to Hooda said Kanda had little role to play in garnering majority for Hooda's second term, there are reports that the Sirsa MLA had roped in the support of six other independent MLAs. \"He got plum posts despite several cases pending against him,\" said a Congress leader.But Hooda has rejected all charges of the state protecting Kanda. An official statement quoting CM said it \"would help Delhi Police, if asked for\". A Hooda aide dismissed all charges saying, \"Had the case been registered in Haryana, one could have accused the state of shielding him. He is the third independent MLA to demit ministership in the past three years.\"However, political analysts said Hooda cannot go against the three independent MLAs who courted controversies. In the 90-member House, Congress has 41 members and five others have defected from Haryana Janhit Congress. In total, Hooda has support of 54 MLAs. The fate of five defected members is yet to be decided. \"The CM has to keep independents in good humour to save his government in case there is an adverse decision on the five defected MLAs,\" said a party source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "15540140", "title": "State to set up canteens for govt staff: Thiruvanchoor", "text": "Alappuzha: Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan said the state government was planning to set up canteens for government employees to provide home appliances and other goods at subsidized rates.The minister was speaking after inaugurating the Subsidiary Central Police canteen in the Armed Reserve (AR) camp in Alappuzha on Friday.\"Canteen service is now available for Kerala police officials, Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF), Indo-Tibetan Border Police ( ITBP), Border Security Force (BSF) and those who have retired from these forces. This service will also be extended to Fire and Rescue personnel, ministerial staff and the employees of prison department,'' the home minister said.\"Police canteen will soon be set up in all the 14 districts of the state and a special-wing to monitor the functioning and transactions of these canteens will also be set-up. Those eligible will get up to 50% discount. Kerala police should maintain their credibility at any cost,'' Thiruvanchoor said.In order to get the membership of the canteen, a sum of Rs 2,000 should be deposited and Rs 150 should be given for getting smartcard. Purchase can be done with this smartcard and the amount of the purchased goods will be deducted from the salary.The minister said that the home department will give Rs 500 as special allowance to all police officials who work on Thiruonam Day. Alappuzha municipal chairperson Mercy Diana Masido presided over the function. Ernakulam range IGP K Padmakumar, Alappuzha SP K G James, AR camp assistant commandant Ivan Rethinam and additional district magistrate K P Thampi also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538699", "title": "Heat on doctors taking pharma sops", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is all set to crack the whip on doctors found prescribing medicines of drug companies, in return of gifts or favours.Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad said on Friday that the ministry has received several complaints on this unholy nexus, and the matter has been referred to the Medical Council of India (MCI).According to the MCI, it received 702 such complaints in 2011-12 of which 343 have been referred to state medical councils.Registration of three such doctors has been temporarily removed and another doctor has been warned. Azad said 168 of these complaints are being investigated. In 2010-11, MCI received 824 such complaints following which they cancelled the registration of 10 doctors, warning four others.The minister said the Uniform Code of Pharmaceutical Marketing Practices would be introduced soon. The code makes some key recommendations. It says the word \"safe\" cannot be used on a drug without qualification and it must be stated categorically that a medicine has no side-effects, toxic hazards or risk of addiction.It says, \"No gifts, pecuniary advantages or benefits in kind may be supplied, offered or promised to persons qualified to prescribe or supply by a pharmaceutical company. Gifts for the personal benefit of healthcare professionals (such as tickets to entertainment events) also are not be offered or provided. Companies must not organize meetings to coincide with sporting, entertainment or other leisure events. Venues that are renowned for their entertainment must not be used.\"It adds, \"Any hospitality offered to healthcare professionals must not be extended to spouses. Funding of healthcare professionals to compensate them for the time spent in attending the event is not permitted.\"Congress MP Jyoti Mirdha had recently complained to the Prime Minister's Office that drug companies were indulging in unethical practices. Mirdha had demanded that instead of notifying a voluntary code of conduct for drug companies, the government should formulate a mandatory code of conduct.Mirdha's suggestion was backed by the steering committee on health, which also said that there is need for a mandatory code for identifying and penalizing unethical promotion on the part of pharmaceutical companies.The committee, headed by Planning Commission member Syeda Hameed, took the example of the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) of the US and how it has mandated strict regulations to curb unethical promotions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15538008", "title": "Oracle to pay $2m on India charges", "text": "WASHINGTON: Computer technology major Oracle has agreed to pay a $2-million penalty to settle charges leveled by the US market regulator Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that its Indian subsidiary failed to prevent secret payments in its business transaction with the government between 2005 and 2007. Oracle India structured transactions with the Indian government on more than a dozen occasions in a way that enabled Oracle India's distributors to hold approximately $2.2 million of the proceeds in unauthorised side funds, the SEC alleged in its charge-sheet against Oracle.According to the SEC's complaint filed in US District Court for the Northern District of California, the misconduct at Oracle's India subsidiary \u2014 Oracle India \u2014 occurred between 2005 and 2007. Oracle India sold software licences and services to the Indian government through local distributors, and then had the distributors \"park\" excess funds from the sales outside Oracle India's books and records. The chargesheet makes no reference to whom these payments were made in India, either private individuals or officials, except for refereeing to a particular $3.9-million deal with the ministry of information and communication in May 2006. Of this $3.9 million, Oracle India sent only $2.1 million to Oracle to record as revenue on the transaction.\"As instructed by Oracle India's then-sales director, only $2.1 million was sent to Oracle to record as revenue on the transaction, and the distributor kept $151,000 for services rendered,\" the complaint said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15540508", "title": "Kanpur electricity supply company staffers up in arms against privatisation", "text": "KANPUR: The alarm bell of privatisation has started ringing for the employees of Kanpur electricity supply company (Kesco) after the state government showed interest in handing over city's power distribution system to Torrent Power Limited. Though Torrent has been vying for taking over the city's power network since Mayawati regime but things could not materialise. Recently, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , in a meeting held in Lucknow, decided to privatize power in Kanpur. This decision left the members of Vidyut Karamchari Sayukt Sangharsh Samiti annoyed. They say that despite hardships like poor infrastructure, lack of resources and staff shortage, they managed to raise revenue realisation from Rs 58 crore to a Rs 90 crore a month but still their efforts were not recognised by the government.The office-bearers of Vidyut Karamchari Sangharsh Samiti said that for last three years, Kesco has been giving highest revenue to Uttar Pradesh power corporation limited (UPPCL) in comparison to other power distribution companies in the state.\"If Kesco gets Rs 700 crore for its revival and upgradation, the company will set new records in revenue realisation. We want that the state government should upgrade Kesco instead of handing it over to Torrent Power Limited at a time when it is performing well despite challenges,\" said Vijay Tripathi, spokesperson of Vidyut Karamchari Sanyukt Sangharsh Samiti.Tripathi said that Kesco had already received Rs 60 crore from the state government and it has been looking forward for sanction of remaining sum.The city has been facing acute power crisis. The denizens faced a very tough time during the summer season due to power rostering of 8 to 10 hours each day. The local faults and lack of maintenance further aggravated the problem.The state government had accepted that the power distribution network spread across the city is obsolete which needs to be changed.Shortage of staff and paucity of funds had further increased the trouble. Even the chief minister, during his visit to city on July 7, had accepted that the power cables are very old and need replacement. He had also pointed out that the transformers procured earlier were of inferior quality.When the state government is keen in privatising Kesco, the employees are a worried lot. The members of Sangharsh Samiti claimed that in 2011-12, Kesco realised a whopping revenue of Rs 950 crore and handed over the same to UPPCL. \"We have given Rs 350 crore more to UPPCL in comparison to Torrent if it had been working here in our place. We had taken 300 million units of power in 2011-12 and realised revenue by selling power units at the rate of Rs 3.25 per unit.The Torrent Power Limited would have realised just Rs 600 crore. The same quantity of power consumption would have been realised by them by selling power units at Rs 2 per unit as agreed upon by them with the government,\" Tripathi said while drawing comparison on revenue realisation between Kesco and Torrent for financial year 2011-12. He said that Kesco is understaffed and there are only 1,869 staffers against a required strength of 5,500.Another senior leader of Sangharsh Samiti Shamim Ahmad said that the city is forced to face severe power rostering due to the fact that no new power unit has been set up in the state in past few decades.The Sangharsh Samiti has decided to hold a protest at Kesco head office on August 25 in which senior leaders like Shailendra Dubey and Girish Pandey will also take part.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15539393", "title": "'Refund excess zero load shedding money in two months'", "text": "NAGPUR: If you are shocked by 20% hike in power tariff then there is more bad news. In August and September your bills will be higher due to two surcharges that Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory (MERC) had approved before issuance of the tariff order.MERC had allowed MSEDCL to recover Rs1,483 crore from consumers in six monthly instalments in June. You will have to pay this surcharge till November. Moreover, the fuel surcharge sanctioned in May and June will also be recovered in August and September.However, there is some positive news for Nagpur's consumers. MERC has asked MSEDCL to submit the audit of zero load shedding (ZLS) surcharge within a month and refund the extra amount collected from consumers within three months. The Commission has also asked MSEDCL to recover the cost of pole shifting at the rate of 9 paise per unit for three years instead of 29 paise per unit for six months to prevent a tariff shock.During the public hearing on power tariff petition RB Goenka of Vidarbha Industries Association (VIA), had pointed out that MSEDCL had collected Rs35.90 crore extra ZLS surcharge from Nagpurians. But, it had not refunded it even after passage of several months.The MSEDCL had proposed to recover its share of cost of shifting poles standing in middle of city roads - Rs45 crore - by recovering Rs130 per consumer per month. Then on MERC's directives it proposed an infrastructure charge of 29 paise per unit for six months to reduce burden on lower end consumers.A Nagpurian Mahendra Jichkar had strongly opposed the levy of infrastructure surcharge on the grounds that Nagpur was not given a concessional power tariff on account of its proximity to power plants. He also pointed out that Nagpurians were paying toll tax for IRDP project in which of cost of shifting the poles was included.Goenka had also pointed out that whenever VIA had demanded a concessional tariff for Vidarbha on basis of lower TDL, the commission had rejected its demand. Therefore burdening only consumers of Nagpur for pole shifting would be unfair.The commission rejected their demand and ruled that charging 29 paise per unit would constitute a tariff shock and the company should recover the amount at the rate of 9 paise per unit for three years. It should maintain a monthly record and when Rs45 crore had been recovered an audit report should be submitted to the commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15539657", "title": "'Sweeney didn't die of drug overdose'", "text": "PANAJI: British woman Denyse Carol Sweeney had not died of drug overdose here in 2010 as initially claimed by the Goa police, giving credence to her family's claim that she had been murdered.A senior police official today confirmed they have received the chemical report of Sweeney's viscera, sent for analysis at a Gujarat lab after months of delay, and it has concluded there was no trace of alcohol or drugs in her body.The British tourist had collapsed at a night club at Anjuna on April 16, 2010, and died the same day at a private hospital where she was admitted.The hospital had claimed the 35-year-old died \"due to drug overdose\" and the police concurred with the conclusion after its investigations.Sweeney's family members had refused to buy the drug overdose theory after several bruise marks were found on her body during an autopsy done in the UK.Her sister, Maureen, had launched a campaign seeking justice for her sister with the help of local media and elected representatives. Goa Police, which had closed the investigation, reopened it and registered a fresh case of murder against unknown persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15542055", "title": "I thank Pawan Kalyan for Gabbar Singh: Ganesh Babu", "text": "Bandla Ganesh Babu's joy knew no boundaries when his movie Gabbar Singh, starring power star Pawan Kalyan, opened to a super hit talk on the release day. And now that Gabbar Singh would be celebrating 100 days in 65 centers, Ganesh is no wonder on cloud nine.Sharing his happiness with the media the promising producer said, \"I'm very proud to be associated with a project like Gabbar Singh as it turned out to be an industry hit. I thank Pawan Kalyan for giving me this opportunity to produce the film and I'm also grateful to the fans and audience who made the film a blockbuster.\"Bandla Ganesh teamed up with Jr NTR for Baadshah, his next production venture directed by Sreenu Vaitla. The film has already completed the first schedule in Europe and is currently being shot in Bangkok .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15539697", "title": "House owners in dock for 'C' form evasion", "text": "PANAJI: Following the arrest of two Nigerians for possession of drugs on the night of August 14, action has been initiated against the house owners for not intimating the police that they had rented out their premises to the foreign nationals.Superintendent of police (North Goa) Vijay Singh said that action under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code and the Foreigners Act was being initiated against the house owners - Filomena Silveira and Caetano Pereira, for failing to submit 'C' forms to the police regarding the duo's stay at their premises in Candolim.As per the law, hotels and guest houses are required to inform the police through form 'C' if there are foreigners staying with them.Ifeanyi Pascal Obi and Emmanual Joshua were arrested by the Calangute police team headed by PI Nolasco Raposo after they were found in possession of small quantities of charas and cocaine.During interrogation, it also revealed that both of them had been booked earlier by the Calangute police for overstaying, and the cases are under trial.Only last week the Calangute police had held a meeting of resort and guesthouse owners to sensitize them about maintaining a proper record of their guests because of terror threats and also to identify criminal elements.According to Raposo, although most of the resorts maintain records and thousands of C-forms are submitted during the tourist season, owners of rental accommodations at times fail to fill the forms.\"They're supposed to submit the C-form within 24 hours of the guest checking in; failing which, they can be arrested,\" said Raposo.The Calangute police have launched a sustained drive against illegal activities like drug-peddling, prostitution and overstaying foreigners ever since the change of government in the last four months.Eight Africans have been arrested in drug-related cases, 11 foreign nationals are in the dock for overstaying and 12 have been held for fake visas, a record, according to PI Raposo. Last year 12 foreigners had been arrested for drug-peddling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15539877", "title": "Merge PUC with school: Panel", "text": "BANGALORE: In a paradigm shift in Karnataka's education system, an expert committee has recommended scrapping pre-university education by integrating the same with classes IX and X. The suggestion, if implemented, could also result in making the class X public exam a school affair.The recommendation of the R Govinda Committee is now in public domain for consultation.\"It is appropriate to divert the +2 course from its current title as a pre-university course and integrate it with secondary stage of education,\" the committed recommended.The committee was formed by the government to look into restructuring of the school education system in the state. The report \u2014 Structural Upgradation and Reorganisation of School Education in Karnataka \u2014 was submitted on Friday.\"Pre-university level is neither under secondary level nor under-degree level. Hence, it's in an unsettled state. They (students) are closer to secondary school stage rather than college education. It is a transitional phase which demands total attention from the faculty members. The present system being isolated, students are left stranded without getting psychological safety of familiar and comfortable atmosphere,\" the committee noted.The committee suggested that the independent unaided PU colleges in the premises of degree colleges may be allowed to start Classes IX and X on the same campus. Classes IX, X, XII and XII will together form a composite higher secondary school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15542627", "title": "Shaan\u2019s a lyricist now", "text": "We know him as the voice behind most successful actors. Shaan, it seems, has a new feather in his cap now. And, he has found a very ardent admirer in Babul Supriyo.We are not even talking about Shaan's skills as a singer! At a recent party held in Mumbai, Babul was heard raving about Shaan's amazing 'skills' as a lyricist. He was referring to the recently released album which features Shankar Mahadevan, Alka Yagnik , Shaan, Javed Ali, Neha Bhasin and Babul himself.\"The moment I heard the tune composed by this year's National Award winning composer Neel Dutt, it was only Shaan who came to my mind and as an 'ever-smiling friend' and I was sure he would never say no to my request. Shaan happily obliged and gave my song Shukriya, a complete new definition with his passionate yet simple words. He is already a super successful singer, I sincerely hope he starts writing more; I am sure he will earn great recognition for his abilities as a lyricist too\" .Is Shaan listening?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15543781", "title": "Unni Mukundan to play a police officer in his next", "text": "Unni Mukundan is all set to get into the shoes of a police officer for his upcoming movie. Unni will be playing lead role in M Padmakumar's 'Orissa'.Script for the movie is penned down by GS Anil. No actress has been finalised for the film yet. Nedumudi Venu is also playing an important role in the movie. The film will start shooting by the year end.Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "15540842", "title": "Pension, PF to Punjab farmers a distant dream", "text": "CHANDIGARH : Farmers in the state have called the SAD-BJP government's bluff on promising them a monthly pension and Provident Fund to be paid to them. With the proposal not seeing the light of day even after the government stormed back to power in a historical mandate, the farmers are up in arms for \"conning them with an election gimmick\".Weeks before the election and just before the election code of conduct came into effect for assembly elections this year, the chief minister Prakash Singh Badal had wooed the farming community by making fat promises. Badal presiding over a meeting of a farmers' delegation of Bhartiya Kisan Union (BKU) led by its president Balbir Singh Rajewal had said, the scheme could be on the lines of the National Pension Scheme in which a fixed amount could be paid by the farmers and an equal amount contributed by the state government for paying monthly pension to them at a fixed retirement age of 60 or 65 years to be mutually agreed upon.There are 14.5 k lakh farmers in Punjab and preliminary calculations had indicated that the state would need anything between Rs 500 crore to Rs 800 crore to fulfill this populist promise.However, within months of coming into power, the government has busied itself preparing drafts for imposing a range of taxes to generate much needed revenue for the cash strapped government. While the chief secretary Rakesh Singh confirmed that the pension for farmers is not \"immediately on the cards\", a senior official in the finance department said, requesting anonymity,\" the proposal was not financially viable right from the beginning. The government has now kept it on the back burner and it is not coming through.\"Giving freebies has been the state's undoing, as figures indicate. Punjab's power subsidy bill was Rs 780 crore in 2003-04 which jumped to Rs 2,576 crore in 2006-07 and crossed Rs 3,800 crore in 2010-11. The power subsidy burden will touch Rs 5,500 crore during 2012-13.Fiscal deficit in the state has soared from Rs 2,653 crore in 2005-06 to Rs 8,801 crore for 2011-12. Punjab has been declared as a debt-stressed state with debt burden surging by a whopping 47% to Rs 77,585 crore for 2011-12 from the level in 2007-08.The government's going back on its election promise has raised hackles of the farmers, who are already reeling under debt incurred for buying diesel to run their sets for pumping out water to irrigate their paddy fields in time of near drought. The BKU chief said, \" Government has been defaulting on all their promises and farmers will not take it lying down. Giving pension to farmers was a poll promise, more of a gimmick as we now realize. The government has not even released Rs 800 crore that the Centre gave as a drought relief last year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15538380", "title": "Views across Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: I don't think the task of confidence building among NE people should be outsourced to police and government. It's the duty of Bangaloreans. Resident welfare associations, all 198 corporators must form community groups in each locality that comprises both NE community members and local residents. This is the time when we must shout from the rooftops and say 'We are all One'. We must make them get the community feeling and not feel as though they are outsiders.Harish Bijoor | brand-strategy specialistIn April, Bangalore police mishandled the case of Richard Loitham's death. The memory of that case is still fresh among those from the NE. I would not leave Bangalore because I have a social security system in place through my friends, but that's not the same for everyone. There is a lack of redressal management system that has to be set up by the government for vulnerable communities. Now everyone is sharing the experiences of what they faced. This is the right time for the government to build up communication and assure safety.Swar Thounaojam | playwrightIt is unfortunate. It reflects a sense of insecurity and lack of confidence in administration's ability to control the law &amp; order situation in case things go wrong. Surprising was their lack of confidence in the administration to tackle the situation in case rumours turned out to be true. It's a dangerous precedent and has the potential for future regional issues. Must be nipped in the bud and fovernment must take initiatives and rumour mongers must be punished.R K Misra | ABIDe memberI feel deeply ashamed. I feel like going to northeastern people and telling them not to be afraid. If my neighbour was to be from the northeast, that's what I'd have done in the first place. Ever since we have had the internet and social networking sites, rightist forces are growing stronger. They spread rumours and create fear. This kind of exodus was seen during the Partition. The messages have been spread by anonymous persons. Government must figure out who are the culprits behind the scene.UR Ananthamurthy | writerIf there is a exodus of northeastern Indians from Bangalore despite all the work by the police, it is evidence of lack of confidence in the government's ability or seriousness about firmly dealing with hooliganism --be it in Mangalore or elsewhere. If the government is not seen as enforcing the law and ensuring safety of its citizens, then even the best of intentions won't stand up to rumours and perceptions.Rajeev Chandrasekhar | Member of Parliament", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15539148", "title": "Over 4,000 workers protest Maruti mass sacking, submit memo to deputy commissioner", "text": "GURGAON: Around 4,000 workers from the Gurgaon-Manesar-Dharuhera industrial belt gathered in the city on Friday in protest against Maruti Suzuki's mass dismissal of over a third of its workforce, who were found to have been complicit in last month's violence at the carmaker's Manesar plant.The protesters called the sacking orders 'unconstitutional' and said that the move was in contravention of the existing labour laws. Leaders of 16 prominent trade unions from the region, including the union at Maruti's Gurgaon unit, were also a part of the agitation, and have unanimously demanded the reinstatement of the dismissed MSIL workers.\"Workers at the Gurgaon plant have always been with those in Manesar, who have been unfairly targeted by the police and the management,\" said Kuldeep Janghu, general secretary of the Maruti Udyog Kamgar Union. He said that all the A-shift (morning shift) workers from Maruti's Gurgaon plant were present at the protest rally.On Thursday Maruti Suzuki India Limited had announced that it was sacking 500 of the regular workers at its Manesar plant, before the lockout was finally lifted on August 21. \"The management has just drawn a list of 500 people without any basis. Where is the evidence that they were involved? They can't all be responsible for the violence,\" said Gyan Singh, an A-shift worker at MSIL's Gurgaon plant, who is stationed on the assembly line 2.The procession began at the Gaushala grounds in old Gurgaon late on Friday afternoon, and ended before the Mini Secretariat offices amid loud anti-government chants and slogans. \"They just fired 500 of their workers. Without a notice, without a chargesheet, without an independent inquiry. And what is the labour department doing? What is the state government doing? Nothing,\" said Hari Prakash, a representative of the All India United Trade Union Congress, who came all the way from Sonipat for the rally.Besides an independent, high court inquiry, the union leaders are also pressing for a meeting with the state's chief minister, Bhupinder Singh Hooda. \"We want the CM to call representatives of all the trade unions of Haryana and address these issues. It's time they took us seriously. This is just one shift of workers here. Next time we will come with the whole workforce of Gurgaon,\" Satbir Singh, state president of the Centre for Indian Trade Unions, screamed into a microphone, standing atop a Tata Sumo car parked in the middle of the road - a makeshift stage for the many speakers at the protest.The memorandum addressed to the chief minister was received by Gurgaon's deputy commissioner, P C Meena, who refused to comment on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15539467", "title": "Faulty signals add to Wardha road traffic woes", "text": "NAGPUR: The malfunctioning traffic signal near Hotel Radisson Blu where Narendra Nagar flyover ends on the Wardha Road is causing chaos on the busy road.When it is red light for traffic coming from Chhatrapati Square, it also shows green for proceeding right. The confusing signal may be dangerous since every Saturday, a big vegetable market is set near the square. The traffic is even higher than other days. Now, one of the green right turn lights has been damaged while the other one still shows a go ahead while red light is also on.\"The signal is not being maintained by us. A private company is responsible. I will inform them,\" said Avinash More, senior police inspector (traffic), South Nagpur. This is not the only signal that has the potential to cause chaos on Wardha Road. A little way ahead, on Somalwada square, the presence of signal is itself causing problems.The roads leading off Wardha Road are very narrow, especially the one that leads to Manish Nagar railway crossing. It cannot sustain the heavy traffic that piles up there when the signal turns red. If the level crossing gate is open and the signal is red it is a big nuisance. In the evenings, sometimes the line of vehicles goes up to level crossing gate itself, blocking the right turn off the road. Since the road is not wide enough, traffic coming from railway crossing blocks the road making it almost impossible to turn left off the Wardha Road and go towards the crossing.The worst part is, road users too don't have enough civic sense. Car drivers stand parallel waiting for the signal to turn green, ignoring the fact that they are blocking the entire road. They also fail to leave space for other vehicles to turn off from the road in the by lanes.\"Many signals are installed by Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) without consulting us. There is no planning while doing this, signals are being erected almost randomly,\" said More. He also said the traffic department has been asking NMC to install a signal near Pride Hotel on Wardha Road which is an accident prone spot, but the NMC hasn't heeded.The traffic problem at Somalwada square will further aggravate the chaos at Manish Nagar railway crossing. Nasir Khan, traffic engineer, NMC was unavailable for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15540049", "title": "Allow science to resolve water disputes: Thatte", "text": "COIMBATORE: Keep politics out of issues like dam building on inter-state rivers and allow experts to take the call based on scientific evidence is the advice from C D Thatte, secretary general of International Commission on Irrigation and Drainage, and member of the Supreme Court-appointed empowered committee on Mullaperiyar Dam, who was in the city to attend a seminar on the impact of climate change on water resources organized by Karunya University.Hydrological data and evidence and advice of water experts must take precedence over polemics in planning projects like dams, he said. That would help understand the impact of a dam on agricultural activities and drinking water supply, he said when asked to comment on move by Kerala government to build a dam across Siruvani river in Attapadi in Kerala and its possible fall out on drinking water and irrigation facilities in Coimbatore and Erode districts. \"Such issues must not be addressed on the basis of parochial politics. Scientific reasoning and the well-being of people must be the yardsticks to decide whether a project is desirable,'' he said.On the Mullaperiyar issue, Thatte said the Supreme Court would give its verdict based on the report of the expert committee, which looked at scientific facts. \"The committee was unmindful of the gains and losses of both sides. Our report was comprehensive and based on facts. The court would soon give its verdict and we hoe that would help end all the controversy over the issue,'' he said.Water, Thatte said, was emerging as a cause of conflict world over. \"Don't think that water causes only inter-state disputes. It now creates divide even at district, taluk and village levels. Along with hydrological facts, economic and social situations must be considered while planning water distribution of water,'' he said, pointing out that disputes are multiplying all over the world because of the decrease in per capita availability of water.When asked about the growing anti-dam campaigns across the world, Thatte said dams are inevitable. \"What would be Tamil Nadu without the Mettur dam? Even in the future, we have to build some major and minor dams. Prudence must be the guiding light,'' he said. When asked about the safety concerns related to old dams, he said a dam in Jordan was stable though it was built 20,000 years ago. Thatte also called for speeding up interlinking of rivers and better rain water harvesting facilities. \"We are talking at length about poor monsoon and drought. But 45% of rain water is wasted each year in the absence of water harvesting facilities,'' he said. \"Ground water needs urgent attention as there is alarming depletion of it due to rapid urbanization. It needs to be recharged, else the future would be difficult,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15540042", "title": "15 trees felled in Coimbatore without permission", "text": "COIMBATORE: Despite promises made by district officials to form a tree authority to protect its remaining green cover, fifteen huge trees were felled on Friday in two different residential areas in the city without permission from the concerned officials. While two dozen trees were felled in Hudco Colony in Peelamedu, three others were axed in Ambal Nagar in Avarampalayam.According to green activist Mohan Raj, who approached authorities seeking action against those responsible for the felling, Hudco Colony Residents Association had removed two dozen trees without getting proper permissions from the district administration. They have engaged a group involved in timber trade from Udayampalayam to fell the trees. While the group demanded Rs 20,000 for their services, the association paid them Rs 6000 and the timber that was felled. The group later told activists that the logs were sold to a hotel for fire wood.The Tamil Nadu Green Movement alleged that TNEB officials had helped the association in the felling by deactivating electricity lines which passed through the area. It is highly condemnable that electricity board officials had facilitated such an illegal act by turning the power off for specific lines. An investigation is required in the matter,'' said Mohan raj, who is an office bearer of the green movement.Three trees were also axed in Ambal Nagar by the resident association and that too without permission from the authorities. The trees that were cut included may flowers, neem and tamarind trees. Coimbatore RDO Shanta Kumar clarified when contacted that did not grant permission to any residential association to cut trees. These two associations had obtained permission to cut branches of trees which intruded into their homes. Santhakumar said he would slap the association with a fine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15540453", "title": "Heritage Conservation Committee to identify heritage buildings outside walled city", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Heritage Conservation Committee (HCC) during it's routine meeting on Friday took up the crucial issue of unprotected heritage properties in the city. Sources claim that the nine member committee unanimously agreed that an ASI de-listed or listed \"protected building\" cannot become the sole criteria of giving the \"heritage\" status to any building in the city.The HCC believed, \"An ASI or state archaeology list of old monuments is just recognition of the heritage status given to old structures. However, listing or de-listing of a property cannot become the sole criterion to give or take away heritage status of a building. Collective memory of the community, myths, legends and narratives associated with the buildings are also an important intangible aspect of heritage of the city. A historic building is also symbolic of the rich cultural imprints, fine tastes and lifestyle on the society. Through these buildings one can always map the cultural progression of the city and its people, be it shah Jahan's palace or Le Corbusier's buildings\" says a senior member of the HCC.\"Under the prevalent regulations, the HCC can take up suo moto such items or structures which it considers important to foster the cause of conservation of historic buildings,\" adds the member. When asked whether the Shah Jahan's palace would find a place in HCC's new heritage building inventory list, the member said, \"We are studying the case of Shah Jahan's palace at the moment. We cannot ignore that the palace was built by Shah Jahan 390 years ago and has Mughal architecture.\"The HCC is the high powered committee formed by the state government for Ahmedabad to identify and prepare a new inventory list of heritage buildings within Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) and Ahmedabad Urban Development Authority (AUDA) jurisdiction limits. The committee has come into existence after the state government amended the General Development Control Regulations (GDCR) in September 2007 to include \"heritage regulations\" as part of the new GDCR laws.Two weeks ago a team of the HCC visited the Moti Shahi Palace in Shahibaug and was left aghast by the new cement and concrete additions made to the buildings. The committee members had requested the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel memorial Society (SVPMS) to immediately check the structural stability of the new additions. \"The construction was stalled after the AMC issued notices under BPMC Act and the Gujarat town planning act. But even the society ignored the fact that the new additions were ruining the authenticity of the monument,\" said the senior member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15540121", "title": "Assam youths make beeline to go home", "text": "VADODARA: Youths from Assam started converging at Vadodara railway station to leave for Guwahati. The youngsters said that they were leaving as their family members were asking them to return in the wake of the situation at home.Besides youths from the city, those from Bharuch, Ankleshwar and other neighbouring areas had also converged at the station.The number was around fifty late in the afternoon, but those present at the station said that more people were expected to arrive.The youths were waiting to board the Guwahati Express that leaves the city late in the night. From Guwahati, they plan to go to other places in Assam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15540553", "title": "'Women prefer sober cotton dresses this festive season'", "text": "KANPUR: With Eid around the corner, shopping time has started for the people. Shops and showrooms of the industrial city are loaded with designer apparels. According to the shop owners, this Eid, shoppers are more inclined towards bright coloured sober clothes.Talking to TOI, Sakhi Shukla, a boutique owner in Kidwai Nagar said, \"the women today prefer sober cotton clothes while the simple designs are also in demand. However, bright colours are in trend keeping with the festive season. Overworked attires are totally out of market. Women are buying comfortable clothes with less work on them keeping the humid weather in mind.\"The trend of apparels in global brands this Eid is totally versatile. Even the big brands are offering clothes of lighter shades along with heavy discounts. 'Anarkali' suits and net-based sarees are also in huge demand.\"We have ordered for special designer suits this time from Surat. These suits are long to toes and are very heavy in weight. But the weight is not that of beeds of embroidery, its of the clothe that was required to make this long 'Ghagra' suits,\" said Annu Jai Singhnai, a shopkeeper in Naveen Market.He said that he is continuously opening the shop even on Sundays die to EID. The women are so crazy about EID shopping that they will continue doing so till the day of festival.Apart from readymade garments, the shopkeepers are witnessing a remarkable shift of the customers towards dress materials along with their innovative ideas of getting them stitched. This has paved a way for the tailors to earn some money during this festive season. \"Customers are buying sober dress materials and then putting in additional effort of designing from a tailor or boutique of the city. Additional attributes like matching metal beads, 'kaudi', colourful buttons are purchased to prepare stylish salwar kameez,\" informed VK Dwivedi, a tailor in Govind Nagar area.According to him, a tailor in the city is having three times extra work load as Muslim women mostly wear suits and they want to get their suits stiched befors EID. Every tailor is witnessing almost 40 to 50 additional customers each day to get their dresses stitched.Though the men of the industrial city too are fashion cautious but they do not have much to experiment with this year. The cotton Kurta or Sherwani is the only options men left with. However,Readymade Kurtas are in demand hence men are not making beelines infront of the tailors to get their Eid dress stitched. Those who opted to wear Sherwanis are also getting it readymade from malls and showrooms.\"Boys are demanding balloon pants, T-shirts and everything trendy worn by their favorite actor in latest movie,\" said Vineet, a shopkeeper in Gumti area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kasauli", "code": "15542906", "title": "A musical evening with Pandit Sunder Lal Gandharv", "text": "KASAULI: Famous flautist, Pandit Sunder Lal Gandharv assisted by Lekh Ram Gandharv made the listeners glued to their seats by the sheer magic of their flute at the historic Barne Hall of The Lawrence School, Sanawar, which reverberated with the melodious strains of their pipe. The heart-rending recital was an out of world experience that added beauty and elegance to the event. The flautists were accompanied on the tabla by Tarun Das who teaches music at the prestigious school. Gandharv is among the top flute players of India and an artist par excellence of AIR and Doordarshan. The recital commenced after a brief commentary by him on the harmonious nature of music with an all encompassing entity.\"The power of music enhances manifold when it attains proximity to god and synchronizes with nature. It can then kindle a lamp and bring rain through rendition of 'raga deepak' and 'rag megh\", said the maestro.Thereafter he played rag-megh in vilambit-ektal and drut-teental. It was followed by rag-khamwaj in madhyalaya-teental and concluded by rag-yaman in rupaktal. Each rag culminated to a thunderous applause of the students who showed keen interest on the musical nuances of the flute.Born on May 13, 1950 at Sahmal, a small village in Himachal Pradesh , Pandit Sunder Lal Gandharv started learning music from his father at a very tender age and later came under the tutelage of Pandit Vishnu Prasanna, the renowned shehnai and flute maestro. With hoards of awards and honors bestowed by various organizations and sammelans on his dedicated service to the Indian classical music Gandharv has come a long way to earn himself a niche in the domain of music. An awardee of Kala Shri and Sharda Samman, the latter is also an empanelled artist of Indian Council of Cultural Relations (ICCR). He has the credit of inventing some new ragas that include raga-kamini, raga-neeshee, raga-ganapati, raga-alaknanda, raga-anantnad, raga-samhal, raga-prabha, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15539424", "title": "Yeola police refute baby being buried, register offence for being abandoned", "text": "NASHIK: Following the discovery of a new born girl found abandoned in Nagarsul village in Yeola taluka, police have denied reports that the infant was to be buried alive. Police have registered an offence of abandonment under IPC Section 317 of the Indian Penal Code (abandonment of a child under 12 years.) by parents or person in the case of a three hour old baby girl found abandoned in Nagarsul village.Even as there were reports that the baby was rescued from being buried alive, cops contended that the baby was simply abandoned near a nullah and prima facie it did not appear that there had been any was any attempt to bury it alive.\"It is very unlikely that the wails of the baby could be heard or the baby could survive if it was buried. Taking into account the scene at the incident spot, the baby must have been abandoned near the nullah. While lying there, the baby may have turned on its face and some mud got stuck on its body and face. No sign of attempting to bury the infant has been found,\" the Yeola Taluka Police informed.According tocops, the baby was abandoned sometime before 2.45pm on Kolgaon Road in Nagarsul gaon, Shivar. About 100 feet away from the zilla parishad school.The baby was born roughly three hours before it was abandoned. The Yeola police said that they have intimated all primary health centres in and around the village to check their registers and inform the police about the for a list of pregnant women whose due dates were expected to give birth in between August 7 to August 15. A check is also on among private doctors and women who assist in household deliveries. at the household level are also being enquired.The Yeola police said within a day or two they may trace parents of the child, since the baby was only three hours old and it must have been born in or around the Nagarsul village.Police said that the baby has been admitted to the Nashik the Nashik Civil Hospital and is reported to be in stable condition. A lady constable has also been stationed at the Civil Hospital to take care of the baby.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538966", "title": "Man held at IGI airport with 12 live cartridges", "text": "NEW DELHI: A passenger was arrested from the IGI airport on Friday after 12 live cartridges were found in his hand baggage during a security check. The accused Phuntso Dorjee was nabbed after he kept his bag in X-ray machine during the security check , a senior cop said.Dorjee, a resident of Bomdila Urban C of Arunachal Pradesh, was to board a SpiceJet flight to Bagdogra from the airport. The 12 live rounds of 32 calibre were seized from his bag during the security clearance, the official said. He was taken into custody by the CISF personnel and later handed over to police. During interrogation, Dorjee produced his arms licence which is valid till December 31, next year.However, cops claimed that the license was valid in Arunachal Pradesh and Assam only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "15540564", "title": "Notification for Banas Dairy election issued", "text": "PALANPUR: The notification for the election of board of directors of Banaskantha District Milk Producers Co-operative Union (BDMPCU) was issued on Friday by election officer M B Oat. The election is due since December 14, 2011.The election would be held on September 9 as per the revised rules, giving equal representation to all 14 talukas, including two of Patan district. The counting of votes will take place on September 11, Oat, who is also sub-divisional magistrate, Palanpur, said.According to the revised voter list, a total of 1,234 voters from 14 talukas will elect one candidate each. BDMPCU chairman Parthibhai Bhatol, who is also in fray for the post of chairman of Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation, said people are wise enough to take their decisions.Bhatol is in the fray for the eighth term. The duration of a term is three years. BDMPCU produced approximately 30.07 lakh litres of milk in a single day last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15540528", "title": "Trains going to North East packed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Indian Railways attached two additional coaches for the Okha-Guwahati Express train at Ahmedabad Junction on Friday night to accommodate the rush of people from Assam and Manipur wanting to go back home.Sources said that although there was no panic among migrants from the north-eastern states because of the communal violence in Assam, many had received phone calls from back home asking them to return as a result there was a rush for reservation in the train.Sources in the railways said the waiting list for sleeper class was 92 on Thursday night but on Friday morning it increased to over 350. Also the Gandhidham-Kamakhya express which leaves on Saturday would have additional coaches so that the people do not face hardship. The Guwahati train had 22 coaches and hence the officials could attach only two additional coaches. However, in the general and sleeper class one could find at least 10 people sitting on a seat of three.Officials said that the railway police also had to resort to mild lathi-charge in the unreserved compartment as people rushed to get into the train.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15540118", "title": "A chopper ride to promote boat race", "text": "KOCHI: A small panchayat in the suburbs of the city has opted for a novel way to celebrate the revival of their local boat race after a gap of 15 years. When nine snake boats hit the waters of Piravom lake on September 7, the public will get a chance to watch the race from a helicopter, albeit for Rs 3,000 per head.The Piravom panchayat, which is creating a history of sorts in the state with this initiative, originally wanted the helicopter to shower flowers, but later decided to make it more popular by including joy rides for the people.\"We wanted to use the helicopter to shower flowers during the inauguration of the boat race. But the company put forward a proposal of joy rides for the people at a nominal charge and the panchayat found that interesting,\" said Piravom panchayat president Sabu K Jacob.The New Delhi-based Chipsan's Aviation, which is bringing the helicopter will begin its ride from Piravom and hover over places in and around Piravom and Vaikom for around 15 minutes.\"We have already received 40 to 60 inquiries from people regarding the ride. We hope it will be a success.The service will be available for only two hours and the district administration has given approval for operating the helicopter service,\" he said, adding that the panchayat hopes to give a fillip for tourism.According to Sunil Narayanan, owner of Chipsan Aviation, they will use a five-seater Eurocopter for the event. \"We will fly at a height of 500 to 700 ft. The passengers will be briefed about the dos and don'ts and the safety procedures that need to be followed while flying in a helicopter,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15543706", "title": "Yeto Vellipoyindi Manasu progressing at Kalpakkam", "text": "Nani and Samantha are back on the sets of Yeto Vellipoyindi Manasu. The unit has started shooting some important scenes on the lead cast at Kalpakkam ( Tamil Nadu ) in this final schedule. Recently, the trailers released by the makers have generated a good buzz amongst the audience and have raised the expectations.The breezy entertainer is directed by Gautham Menon , who earlier launched Samantha in Telugu with the romantic movie \"Ye Maaya Chesave\". The ace director is now coming back with another love story flick to repeat the magic. Maestro Ilayaraja has scored the music for this film and Sony Music has bagged the audio rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15539842", "title": "Race for chief secretary hots up", "text": "PATNA: Senior officials are lobbying hard for the top post in Bihar in view of the retirement of the present incumbent, Navin Kumar (1975 batch), on August 31. Out of the eight CS-rank officials in the state, present development commissioner Ashok K Sinha (1976) is the most 'obvious' choice for the top post.Sinha, a postgraduate in physics, is considered as the most 'dependable' and 'non-controversial' officer who will retire on June 30, 2014. \"If he becomes CS, he will serve on the post for another two crucial years,\" said an observer. The chances of 'importing' any officer from central deputation for the post are remote.Sources pointed out that among the remaining 1975-batch IAS officials, none is likely to come back from the Government of India deputation. Two 1975-batch officials - R K Singh, currently serving as Union home secretary is due to retire on December 31, 2012, while A K Upadhayay, secretary, surface transport, will superannuate on January 1, 2013. Two officials of the same batch - B K Sinha and S P Seth - retired early this year.Last year, the state government had not maintained the old tradition of appointing the development commissioner as CS. The government chose to appoint Navin kumar, who was on central deputation for a period of nearly one year. Instead of elevating the then development commissioner, K C Saha (1975 batch), as CS, the government chose to appoint him as the chairman of Bihar Public Service Commission.Among the 1976-batch officers, two - V K Verma and Anil Kumar - will retire in the middle of next year. Another 1976-batch officer, S K Sharma is currently secretary of financial services in the Union ministry of finance.Among 1978-batch officials - B B Srivastava and U K Nanda - will retire next year. Tenure of two CS-rank officers - Alok K Sinha, principal secretary, industries, and Afzal Amanullah, principal secretary, water resources development - are till 2016.\"The government will not like to keep an officer at the top position whose tenure would be short, particularly during a period when crucial general election is due in 2014,\" said a senior bureaucrat.Another senior official quipped, \"It hardly makes any difference who becomes the new CS. Any officer is bound to carry out government programmes in a better manner under the able guidance of a political boss. If the boss is himself active and alert, any officer who is holding a top position will have to be a silent follower.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538314", "title": "CAG: Coalgate losses officially pegged at Rs 1.86 lakh crore", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's official now. The Comptroller and Auditor General has said that the government extended windfall gains of Rs 1.86 lakh crore to private players by distributing coal blocks without bidding over years, escalating UPA's fight with the opposition over corruption amid the latter's calls for Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's resignation.The confirmation of the estimated gains to private players who walked away with 57 coal blocks came on Friday, months after TOI first reported the government's largesse. CAG's report, on what has now come to be known as 'Coalgate', was tabled in Parliament on Friday along with the auditor's findings on similar undue benefits for the promoters of Delhi International Airport Ltd and the Sasan ultra-mega power project in Madhya Pradesh.But the Coalgate report dwarfed the other two both because of the scale of money involved and the fact that it covers allocations during the period when the PM was in charge of the coal ministry. \"The PM is morally, politically and personally responsible for this wrongful loss. He must seriously introspect on accepting the moral responsibility for this loss and quitting office,\" BJP leader Arun Jaitley said.TOI had on March 22 first published the CAG's draft report saying private and public sector companies made windfall gains of Rs 10.67 lakh crore by getting coal blocks without auction. The final report has pared the gains, as again reported first by TOI on May 22, because the auditor accepted the coal ministry's argument that the gains for public entities should be excluded.Besides, the calculation of gains in the final report has been done on the basis of extractable quantity of coal from open cast mines only since the ministry argued that underground mining was not as profitable. Even so, the final estimate of Rs 1.86 lakh crore surpasses the auditor's estimate of loss from the 2G spectrum scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15543948", "title": "Artist Antony Devassy passes away", "text": "THRISSUR: Artist and father of Tom Vadakkan, AICC media spokesperson, Antony Devassy died of age related causes, at the age of 91, at his house in Thrissur on Friday. Completing studies from Fine Arts College, Thrissur and Haldankar's Fine Arts Institute, Mumbai, Antony held solo and group painting exhibitions in various theatres in New Delhi and Mumbai. His paintings were also exhibited in Nairobi museum, Yugoslavian President Palace, Jahangir Art Gallery and Kendra Lalit Kala Akademi in New Delhi. A champion of oil and water colour painting, he had run a painting institute, Kerala Kalabhavan in Thrissur for 25 years. Following his age related complications, the institute closed down some years back. Many famous artists in Kerala are his pupils. He is survived by daughters, Mary George and Elizabath Thomas and younger son Sunil Antony Vadakkan. His body will be cremated at St. Anne's Church, west Fort at 3 pm on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bangalore/chennai/hyderabad", "code": "15538823", "title": "Fresh attacks in Bangalore keep NE exodus going, trouble in Lucknow, Goa", "text": "BANGALORE/CHENNAI/HYDERABAD: Attacks on people from the northeast in Bangalore and threat calls to students in Hyderabad on Friday deepened insecurity among workers and students and hundreds crammed into trains in Pune, Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad and even Goa, to head home.Four Assamese men were stopped by unidentified assailants and attacked with soda bottles, said a complaint filed at the Ashoknagar police station in Bangalore. Elsewhere, three Manipuri men were beaten up near a bus shelter and in the third attack, a 23-year-old Manipuri man was thrashed while buying vegetables.Karnataka home minister R Ashoka and law minister S Suresh Kumar held meetings with various trade organizations to instill confidence among migrants from the northeast working in their set-ups. On Friday, 2,000 people belonging to the northeast states booked train tickets out of Bangalore.In Lucknow, public property worth lakhs was damaged when a group went berserk in the old city area while protesting the recent violence in Assam.16k people from NE have fled KarnatakaIn the past two days, as many as 16,000 people from the Northeast have fled Karnataka, state home minister R Ashoka said on Friday. \"Due to the government's efforts, exodus has reduced,\" he said. \"Six cases have been booked so far. We have sought the Centre's help. Around 600 Rapid Action Force personnel will be deployed in Bangalore, Mysore and Mangalore for additional security. The RAF will be in addition to the Karnataka State Reserve Police battalion,\" he said.Officials also planned flag marches in the sensitive areas of Bangalore.As Bangalore's glitzy restaurants and spas scaled down services because of the lack of staff, students from Hyderabad and Osmania universities joined wage workers from Manipur, Nagaland , Mizoram and Assam in packing bags and heading home. No attack has been reported from Chennai, Bangalore or Hyderabad in the last several days, but that hasn't halted the stream of people headed out.An estimated 6,000 people passed through Bengal's Howrah station on two trains on Friday, an exodus not seen since Partition.About 250 students left Hyderabad as text messages circulated, saying unknown groups had set an August 20 deadline for them to leave the city. So far, at least 15 students from the Central Institute of English and Foreign Languages, 16 from the University of Hyderabad and 75 from Osmania University have left for their hometowns even as many colleges conducted counselling sessions for the students.\"Two of us from the CIEFL campus have received intimidating calls asking us to leave the campus. When the news spread, more students wanted to leave the campus,\" said a student from Assam who left the city on Friday.\"My family and friends asked me to return to Guwahati immediately. I shall not go back to Bangalore till the situation improves, even if it means giving up the course,\" said Raj Payeng, a 20-year-old Guwahati resident who left his hardware engineering course midway.\"We assembled at Bangalore station on Wednesday and are waiting for the train to enter Assam,\" said Mitinga Brahma of Kokrajhar as Rangila Najoria of Jorhat nodded. Both worked in production units in Bangalore.Two Assam ministers \u2014 Pradyut Bordoloi and Rockybul Hussain \u2014 reached Hyderabad on Friday to reassure students not to be intimidated by the rumours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15540749", "title": "31-year-old cyclist hit by speeding car", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a hit-and-run road accident, a 31-year-old cyclist Darshan Singh of Janta Colony in Naya Gaon died after being hit by a speeding Swift car at the dividing road of sectors 11/12 on Thursday night.The incident took place at around 11.30pm when cyclist Singh was returning home and the speeding car hit him from the rear. Police said the driver managed to escape from the spot and the registration number of the car could not be noted. Injured was rushed at PGI where doctors declared him brought dead. The body has been handed over to family after postmortem examination in PGI on Friday. A case was registered at police station in Sector 11.Meanwhile, Sunita Devi of Sector 35, who was injured in a road accident on June 21, succumbed to her accident injuries in PGI on Friday. Sunita was injured when a car hit her near Bijwara market in Sector 22. The complaint was lodged by Karan Singh, husband of deceased woman. A case was registered at police station in Sector 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "15537969", "title": "Lack of baby warmers claim three infants' lives", "text": "WARANGAL: Depicting the pathetic conditions at the government hospitals in the state, three children died in MGM government hospital in Warangal on Friday. Two children died of diarrhoea while another due to infection reportedly due to shortage of baby warmers. In the last seven and a half months alone, 363 children breathed their last in this hospital in PICU (paediatric intensive care unit) and NICU (neonatal ICU).According to hospital authorities among the dead were a three-month-old baby boy who belonged to Shivanagar area of the town, Md Mustaq (five months old) from Kazipet while Sampangi Bhavani (12) belonged to Huzurabad.Shockingly the 90 bed children ward has only eighteen warmers, two ventilators and only one incubator. Sources said out of 363 children died so far 150 are due to lack of warmers. \"Three children are treated in one warmer spreads infections\" said assistant professor Karthika Anand. Hospital actually needs more than 50 warmers to treat the children safely on a daily basis.Similar problems which are plaguing SVR Ruia hospital of Tirupati with overloaded patients, shortage of all sorts is present here as well. The hospital is occupied by more number of patients than actual capacity of 90 beds in children ward. \"On a daily basis 150 children are admitted in the children ward of the hospital with a total capacity of 1000 beds\" children specialist B Shiva Kumar told TOI.As per the medical council of India ( MCI ) norms hospital children ward requires five professors, five associate professor and 12 assistant professors where as there are only two professors, one associate and five assistant professors at present. In addition to this number of nurses is also lesser at 30 against the actual requirement of 90. Immediately after the death of children BC welfare minister B Saraiah discussed the issue with health secretary on phone and directed to take necessary steps to improve the medical conditions at MGM hospital. He ordered the authorities to immediately purchase the ventilators from the Hospital Development Society fund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "noida/ghaziabad", "code": "15539474", "title": "Inaction on traffic rule violators leading to chaos", "text": "NOIDA/GHAZIABAD: The absence of the 3Es \u2014 engineering, enforcement and education \u2014 in Noida and Ghaziabad are giving a field day for violators to take traffic rules and regulations for a ride.A reality check conducted by TOI on congested locations like Sector 62 petrol pump, Morana turn near Sector 35, 12-22 crossing, Sector 56 T-point, NTPC crossing, Labour Chowk, Sector 60, Greater Noida Expressway, Barolam Sector 82, Salaarpur, DND flyover, Film City, road between Sector 18 and Sector 38, Sector 44 and Sector 125 has revealed that most commuters do not follow traffic rules.So far, around a dozen illegal cuts have been developed by Safipur, Kondali Bangar, Nalgara and Jatta Badoli villagers. Parked dumpers and trucks on the expressway can be seen anytime which lead to accidents.People who frequently commute between Noida, Ghaziabad, Meerut, Hapur, Bulandshahr and Delhi via the NH-24 have to face a bad traffic situation due to lack of coordination between the concerned departments. Commuters have to face long traffic jams almost daily.Interestingly, police only try to make the NH-24 congestion free whenever there is a VIP movement by appointing traffic cops at every T-Point. However roads sides are massively encroached, especially at Vijay Nagar bypass.\"Illegal kiosks and hoardings should be removed immediately from the NH-24. Law and strategies are useless until these are not implemented properly. There is need of mass education amongst commuters, especially the youth,\" said KK Kapila, chairman, International Road Federation.Even though the administration of the districts are gloating over safety measures put in place by them, accidents are continuously increasing. In Noida city, police itself conducted a survey which revealed that out of 50 road accident deaths, 11 were in open areas, another nine occurred near schools, colleges and villages.Prakash Singh, a former DGP of UP and Assam, said, \"Laws cannot be implemented by just issuing challans or installing traffic signal lights.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15538190", "title": "BS Yeddyurapa yields, to tour along with other party leaders", "text": "BANGALORE: The ruling BJP appears to have taken the wind out of BS Yeddyurapa's sails with regard to his proposed state-wide tour. Now, the former CM's individual tour will turn into a party tour. BJP is said to have been fully backed by RSS.WhileYeddyurappa wanted to individually tour the state in the name of drought, leaders in the BJP have converted it into an official party tour which will force him to share dais with several other leaders.Demanding state unit party president's post, Yeddyurappa had threatened to launch a 'rebel' tour. However, following discussions between Yeddyurappa and state BJP president KS Eshwarappa on Friday, it was converted into an official party tour. \"The party's core committee on Saturday will decide the itinerary. The tour is likely to start from Tumkur,\" Eshwarappa said. According to Yeddyurappa, the first leg of the tour (10 days) of the drought-hit regions was to begin from August 21.Trying to put up a brave front, Yeddyurappa told reporters on Friday that he was a loyal party soldier and would undertake the tour under the party banner. He lauded the Shettar government's efforts in tackling drought and the exodus of northeast people from Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15538952", "title": "Speed governors fordouble-deckers too", "text": "MUMBAI: BEST has introduced speed governors on a few of its double-decker buses, setting a limit of 50 kmph. The reasons seem to be an accident and complaints of double-deckers reaching speeds of 70-80 kmph. TOI had recently reported that governors were being installed in single-decker buses of the transport undertaking's fleet.It may be recalled that on April 6, one of BEST's 122 double-decker buses speeded and went out of control, overturning near a signal in Kalanagar. It resulted in the death of a motorcyclist. As for the 60-odd passengers of the bus, they were lucky to escape a fatal fate, though 18 were seriously injured.\"After the accident, we conducted a sensitization programme for our double-decker drivers and made sure only seasoned drivers (with at least five years' experience) were put behind the wheels,\" said a BEST official.He said drivers had been instructed to observe a speed of just 10 to 15 kmph while taking turns. \"If we find rash driving with a double-decker bus, we will immediately take action against the driver and downgrade his role.\"It is learnt that BEST has issued about 4,000 memos to its drivers in the past 16 months for offences ranging from rude behaviour to rash driving to involvement in minor accidents with cars and motorcycles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15538859", "title": "Good rainfall washes away drought fears", "text": "RANCHI: Despite scanty rainfall in eight districts, it is unlikely that drought would be declared in the state. The government did a review of the status of sowing and rainfall in Jharkhand and decided to closely monitor the situation. As of now, the state government has requested the Centre to extend coverage of crop insurance scheme till August 31 as against the present extended deadline of August 14.The department of agriculture has also been directed to send district agriculture officers to the various panchayats in rain-deficient Deoghar, Dumka, Godda, Koderma, Giridih, Khunti, Gumla and West Singhbhum districts.Chief secretary S K Choudhary on Friday spoke to deputy commissioners of all 24 districts through video conferencing. It was concluded that the rate of coverage has been poor in eight districts whereas the overall coverage is approaching 65 per cent. Director (agriculture) K K Soan said the government had made adequate arrangements for alternate cropping in eight districts. \"We have already provided seeds for sowing urad, toor and lentil and have asked the district agriculture officers to assess the additional demand, if any, so that more seeds can be provided to farmers,\" he said.Admitting that there has been excessive rain the last fortnight at isolated places, Soan said there was no uniformity in the pattern and distribution of rainfall. According to reports of the India Meteorological Department, Jharkhand is now being considered a state with normal rainfall as the shortfall is as low as 11 per cent. Till August 15, the state received 626 mm rainfall as against a normal of 699.9 mm. Out of the 10 weeks calculated since the onset of the monsoon in the second week of June, Jharkhand received excessive rainfall in the last three weeks. The outbreak was delayed and during the initial weeks the rainfall was short by 89 per cent and 46 per cent in the first two weeks respectively.The rainfall deficit was hugely compensated in the past one week when the state received around 94.4 mm rainfall as against a normal of 72.6 mm. This departure of rainfall of 30 per cent from the normal in the positive direction was almost uniformly distributed bringing relief to farmers.According to the forecast issued by the Ranchi centre of IMD, moderate to heavy rainfall will continue in isolated parts of the state in the next couple of days and the amount of precipitation received is likely to further compensate for the deficit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15539506", "title": "Cotton federation faces bleak future", "text": "NAGPUR: Little over 25 years ago, Maharashtra Sate Co-operative Cotton Growers' Marketing Federation Ltd was established to protect interest of 20 lakh cotton growers in the state. It controlled the state's entire cotton trade right from implementing the monopoly purchase scheme to selling the processed bales. Today, it has become millstone around the government's neck.Having abdicated its role as the monopoly purchaser almost a decade ago, the federation is now jobless. It finds it difficult to earn enough to take care of salaries and other administrative expenditure for the huge organization with a staff of 450 headed by two senior IAS officers and a politically-appointed chairman. For last four years, the government has stopped all funding to the federation. \"Neither is the government willing to dissolve the federation because of political compulsions, nor is it ready to foot the bills,\" said an official.\"The federation and its staff face a bleak future. Right now, we are surviving on the margin money of Rs100 crore that the federation got as a loan from the state four years ago. Now the government wants that margin money back leaving us broke. Unless the government takes a firm decision, in the next few months we will not be able to pay salary to the staff,\" a federation source told TOI. Of the 450 staff, 204 are graders (agricultural graduates) who are now without work as for last four years the federation has hardly done any procurement. Moreover, it has a network of 12 zonal offices and 31 sub-zonal offices in the state and has a 18-member board of directors. NP Hirani, a NCP leader, is the chairman.To add to its woes, Central government agency National Agriculture Co-operative Federation (NAFED), for which the state cotton federation worked as a commission agent, is yet to pay Rs181 crore for procurement of 165 lakh quintals cotton in 2008-09. Confirming this, Hirani said the payment was held up as several queries were raised by NAFED. \"We are in the process of clearing the dispute and hope to get our dues,\" he said.However, a top official added that the government indecision was hurting the federation. It needs Rs30 crore per annum as administrative and salary expenses but has no permanent source of income now as even the arrangement with NAFED is not working out, the official added. \"We are there only to act in emergency. If the open market rates collapse, we step in to procure cotton at MSP fixed by the government,\" said the official.According to sources, the biggest issue is the adjustment/ waiver of the Rs5000 crore accumulated 'losses' incurred by the federation in the last 25 years. The matter has been hanging fire for several years as the adjustment would further inflate the budgetary deficit. \"The waiver is responsibility of the state. It is unfair to call it federation losses. The payments were the advance bonus that the political masters ordered us to pay from time to time to farmers,\" said Hirani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15540124", "title": "Government: Bill won\u2019t cloud freedom of judiciary", "text": "NEW DELHI: Responding to Chief Justice of India S H Kapadia's caution against tinkering with judicial independence, the Centre on Friday said the Judicial Standards and Accountability Bill would help reinforce faith of the people in the judiciary rather than compromising its independence.On Wednesday, Justice Kapadia had said the government, before rushing in with any law to fasten accountability on judges of the high courts and the Supreme Court, must carefully examine its impact on judicial independence, which has been held sacrosanct by the Constitution.\"We judges are not afraid of accountability but judicial independence must not be compromised in the name of accountability,\" the CJI had said in the presence of law minister Salman Khurshid while speaking at the Independence Day celebration at the Supreme Court.Two days later, the law ministry issued a detailed press note explaining the salient features of the Bill and said, \"By enforcing standards of behaviour, by declaration of assets by them (judges) and by providing mechanism for making complaints against erring judges and for their investigation, the Bill will establish the confidence and faith of the people in judicial system without exposing them to unnecessary risks.\"Taking care not to ruffle the feathers of the CJI, the ministry said, \"It seems that the statement made by CJI Kapadia has been twisted and not seen and interpreted in full context. At the same time, the attempt to link the Bill with the independence of judiciary is not based on facts.\" It added, \"The provisions do not in any way infringe on the independence of the judiciary which is the hallmark of Indian democracy and which is guaranteed under Constitution. The accountability and independence can coexist in a reinforcing mode and without affecting the working of the judiciary.\"\"The apprehensions expressed are then devoid of the understanding of the scheme of the Bill and without understanding the fact that it meets the aspirations of the people in a functioning democracy like India having a functioning judiciary,\" it said.The CJI had said on Wednesday, \"Judicial independence consists not only of institutional independence but also of decisional independence and should not happen that in making the judiciary accountable.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15540777", "title": "Municipal Corporation will pay 70% of vaccination cost if dog bites you", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While the civic body authorities have failed to control the stray dogs menace in city, in crucial decision finance and contract committee (F&CC;) of MC on Friday, decided to bear 71.5% vaccination charges of dog bite victims. With this a dog bite victim will have to pay only Rs 500 for the five-injection vaccination instead of around Rs 1,750.According to data available with MC, around 7,000 cases of dog bite come every year to the Sector 19 based animal bite dispensary. Thus with this decision the civic authorities will have to bear an extra burden of around Rs 80 lakh. Significantly, the benefit will also extend to victims of neighbouring states like Punjab, Haryana and Himachal, as many people from these areas also come to the city due to non-availability of animal bite dispensary in their respective areas. When asked, municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh said, \"It was unanimous decision. We are well aware that most victims face a huge problem in vaccination of dog bite cases, therefore now with this decision victims will have to pay only Rs 100 for each injection. We have kept a special provision in the budget for this.\"A doctor, posted in Sector 19 dispensary, said, \"There have been many instances where economically weak patients come to us with dog bite cases and are unable to afford the vaccination charges. This decision will bring much-needed relief for such patients.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15540389", "title": "Govt opposes CBI inquiry into quarry scam", "text": "MADURAI: The Tamil Nadu government on Friday sought to dismiss a plea seeking a CBI inquiry into the illegal quarry scam, with advocate general Navaneethakrishnan submitting that the government was dealing with the issue with an iron hand, and that all those responsible for the misuse of the nation's wealth will be punished.Petitioners V Anbalagan and K K Ramesh, sought a CBI probe the find out the quantum of fraud committed by the granite firms by exporting stolen granite worth crores of rupees to foreign countries. They also wanted an inquiry by a high-level committee headed by a retired judge to probe into the illegal quarry scam. Anbalagan contended that only the CBI could find the details of this large-scale scam as a competent authority.Opposing the plea for a CBI inquiry and high-level committee led by a retired high court judge to inquire the issue, Navaneethakrishnan told the court that the Madurai district administration had constituted 18 teams to detect seven types of violations by the quarries including digging beyond the permitted limit.He said that 166 quarries out of the 175 quarries had been inspected since August 12 and 76 quarries had been booked for various violations. The erring quarries had destroyed waterways and encroached on poromboke and government land. Cases had been booked under Sections 447, 201 and 379 of the Mines and Minerals Development and Regulation Act and Tamil Nadu Prevention of Public Property Damages Act. Twenty-three persons had also been arrested in this regard.When Justice P P S Janardhana Raja and Justice Duraiswamy asked if the accounts of the companies had been frozen and passports impounded, the advocate general said that action had been initiated in that direction.District collector Anshul Mishra also said that licence holders tried to conceal by destroying evidences of quarrying by filling waste materials into pits. These cases were being examined in detail and reports were awaited. The administration had also sealed the two buildings in order to avoid any destruction or removal of evidences. The workshop of the PRP exports also had been sealed. The company had also closed six tanks, which they used to bury mined materials.Another fraud committed by a company named M R Granites by duplicating number plates and using them on different vehicles to transport material was also detected. This company was also responsible for stealing kerosene meant for the PDS system and mixing it with petrol in a bunk owned by it and operating buses. He said the district administration was taking all necessary steps to unearth irregularities.The case has now been posted to August 22. Meanwhile, a single judge, Justice Mathivanan posted the anticipatory bail petitions filed by P R Palanisamy, owner of PRP Granites and others to August 23 for hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15542119", "title": "I am confused as someone from North-East: Meiyang Chang", "text": "Celebrities express alarm at the fear psychosis that has gripped people from the North-East who are fleeing citiesMeiyang Chang Singer-Actor I am Chinese and grew up in Dhanbad. But, I am often confused as someone from the North-East. The sad truth is that people don't even think much when it comes to finding out where people with Mongolian features belong to. The sense of not belonging is already there and this incident is only adding to the disappointment. If the government can't assure people safety, it only shows that the problem has existed for long. However, I would urge people not to pay heed to rumours. It's funny that when MC Mary Kom wins, people celebrate it as a win for India. That happens because she is in the limelight. But before recognition came, she would have still been considered as another person from the North-East. This attitude needs to change and the government has to come up with a long-term solution.Kalyan Baruah Guitarist/programmer I have been living in Mumbai for 20 years now and have never faced any problems. From playing the guitar in 'Tu hi meri shab hai' in Gangster , 'Ek pal ka jeena' in Kaho Na Pyaar Hai , KK's Pal to arranging all the songs for Shirin Farhad Ki Toh Nikal Padi , I've had long career in Bollywood's music industry and been well-accepted here. There is no reason to press the panic button. People should not pay heed to rumours and no one should spread \"news\" without checking the authenticity. I have not got any calls from my folks back home to return to Assam. Why should others panic then?Debojit Saha Singer As Indians, we must feel safe within the country. Unfortunately, that's not always the case for people from the North-East. If students from the North-East flee from the rest of India, it is shameful. Authorities should ensure there is no trouble. When I had first travelled from Guwahati to Delhi via train, I had faced a lot of problems in Bihar. But then, that was in 2002. Today, I don't feel unsafe in Mumbai. That's because if I face any problems, I know there will be people to help me. But is it the same case for others who have no such contacts?Papon (Angaraag Mahanta) Multi-instrumentalist and composer Modern day society should not need to resort to such extreme acts of violence and if in this day and age, these things are still happening, then that's extremely sad, and we need to make every effort to correct it, together. Such acts will only stop our country and state from progressing. While it's important for each individual to be aware of such situations, and do whatever he/she can, the main responsibility lies with our government. Our government must actively look into the matter and identify the groups and individuals behind these recent incidents. I personally have never felt unsafe living in Delhi, or in Mumbai in the past, and that hasn't changed in the present. I am greatly concerned for anyone who feels they have been victimized and I implore our government to step in and work on correcting matters immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15538708", "title": "Detained man denies role but police dismiss claim", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as Akbar Khan, whom police identified as one of the persons who took part in Saturday's violence, vehemently denied his role, the cops continued to maintain that he was under their scanner and has past criminal records. Additional commissioner of police (crime) Niket Kaushik confirmed that Khan has four-five criminal cases registered against him at Dindoshi police station, in whose jurisdiction he stays.Police said that prima facie it appears that he was at the scene of violence. \"There are some more pictures with us which we are closely examining,\" a police officer said on condition of anonymity. The officer said he has been put under detention and will be arrested as soon as he is discharged from the hospital.Akbar has been admitted to JJ Hospital with a bullet injury that he sustained during Saturday's violence. Police sources on Thursday said that he was 40 years of age and married with two children. But it seems they got his age and marital status wrong.Akbar on Friday said he was 27 years of age, unmarried and stays with three sisters and his maternal grandmother in Malad.\"I had gone to buy a nightgown for my grandmother, who was admitted at Nair Hospital,\" said Akbar, who works in a shop in Kandivli. \"I was in a cab, which was stuck in traffic because the area had been cordoned off. After waiting for a long time for the traffic to move, I got down and started walking. When I reached outside Azad Maidan, I saw violence,\" he said.\"I was not a part of the protest. But there were people moving about with bamboo sticks, vandalizing the vehicles. I saw an injured youth and tried to help him get up, so I could take him to the hospital, but I too was shot at,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15540782", "title": "Tapsee grabs NTSE scholarship", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After topping the city at the state level National Talent Search Exam (NTSE), Tapsee Mahajan, a Class IX student of Carmel Convent School, successfully paved her way to the prestigious NTSE scholarship after competing with thousands of students at the national level. She has topped the city once again by scoring 169 marks out of 200 marks.Following her excellent score in the state level exam, Tapsee has been awaiting the national level result and expecting good grades in it too. In the first round, she had made the city proud by scoring 170 marks out of a total of 180 marks.Also a topper of her class, Tapsee left no stone unturned in last few months to prepare for this exam. Her happiness knew no bounds when she actually came first in Chandigarh and grabbed the NTSE scholar tag. \"I have taken many tests of such kind and scored well too, but this exam was at a whole new level and reaching so far is no less than a dream come true. In the first round, the exam went well but I never expected that I would actually top the entire city! This has motivated me to perform even better at national level. After clearing this exam I have become eligible for NTSE scholarship which is Rs 500 per month until I finish with my PhD,\" Tapsee added.However, it is not the scholarship that excites her much but the prestigious tag of clearing the exam. \"NTSE is regarded as the toughest and most prestigious examination and to be able to top this exam and then getting the scholarship is every students dream. I am glad that my dream turned into a reality,\" she said.The exam was held in May and eight students had appeared from the city. From all across the nation around 5,000 students sat for the exam at national level and 1,000 made it to the scholarship list. Tapsee attributes her success to her mother Anupama, who has always supported her. \"She was the one who always pushed me to go for tuitions and motivated me to study harder. Without her this success would not have been possible,' Tapsee said. The exam is conducted every year for the students of Class VIII.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15537820", "title": "US mishap victims' bodies arrive in city", "text": "HYDERABAD: Eight days after the horrific tragedy, bodies of four software engineers from Andhra Pradesh, who were killed in a road accident in Oklahoma in the US recently, arrived here in the early hours of Friday. Except for the body of Jaswanth Reddy, the remaining bodies were brought in an Emirates flight to Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (RGIA) around three o clock in the morning.The bodies were handed over to the family members at 5 am. Phanindra Gade, M Venkat Rao, R Srinivas, Anurag and Jaswanth died in the accident on August 10. The accident occurred when their car hit a tractor-trailer and later a fire engulfed them.The body of Jaswanth Reddy was sent to Bangalore on request of his family members. Jaswanth was a native of Kadapa district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15540452", "title": "85 fishermen killed by Sri Lanka in 10 years: Govt", "text": "MADURAI: The government on Friday submitted in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court that there had been 167 incidents of shooting on Indian fishermen by the Sri Lankan navy between the years 1991 and 2011. As many as 85 fishermen had been killed and 180 injured in these incidents which took place within the Indian waters.Advocate general Navaneethakrishnan further submitted that 746 fishermen had been apprehended by the Lankan naval forces and that 741 of them had been repatriated. This was in response to a bunch of petitions seeking protection for Indian fishermen in the Palk bay and the Gulf of Mannar. Contempt petitions against the Indian Coast Guard (ICG) and the Indian Navy also came up for hearing before the bench because the forces had failed to provide adequate security in spite of a court order on the same.Navaneethakrishnan also submitted that it was the duty of the coast guard to give protection to fishermen from Tamil Nadu. They should liaise with the Lankan navy to ensure protection and the question of deploying vessels near the International Maritime Boundary Line (IMBL) was the responsibility of the Central government, he said. The Tamil Nadu government constantly reiterates that the Indian fishermen, particularly those from Tamil Nadu, have traditional rights to fish near Katchatheevu, though the Central government has taken the stand that Katchatheevu is an intergral part of Sri Lanka, he said.However, assistant solicitor general Ravindran said that there had not been any attack in the Indian territory. The clashes occurred when Indian fishermen ventured into Sri Lankan waters, he said. The counsel for the petitioner, Stalin, submitted that there had been many attacks even after the court ordered to protect the fishermen. He said that though there were more than 100 vessels deployed by the government in the Arabian sea for protecting the fishermen, only fishermen from Kerala received the benefits. Even in terms of compensation, the Tamil Nadu fishermen got meagre amounts while fishermen from Kerala got nearly a crore rupees or more, he added.Advocate Peter Ramesh Kumar asked how the fishermen could cross the IMBL if enough coast guard personnel as that mentioned by the assistant solicitor general had been deployed there. He said that the government should take up the issue with Sri LAnka and prevent further attacks.Posting the case to September 24, Justice P P S Janarthanaraja and Justice M Duraisamy sought details about the IMBL and the specified limits for the Indian fishermen to fish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15538238", "title": "Police dithered over central fiat of threat", "text": "BANGALORE: The city's security establishment took lightly a July 27 advisory issued by the Centre to states in the wake of communal violence in Assam , police sources admitted.\"We received the advisory from central security agencies on the possible threat to the people from northeast on July 27 soon after violence rocked Assam. We forwarded the messages to all concerned in the state to keep a vigil,\" confirmed a source in the central security agency.Additional director general of police (law &amp; order) Bipin Gopalakrishna confirmed that the state security establishment received the advisory late July. He said it was forwarded to all unit heads, the city and district police chiefs. But there's no trail of the advisory after that. The consequence: field officers were oblivious when panicky northeasterners in the city rushed to them with complaints of intimidation.\"A small gesture reassuring those who approached local police would have averted this fear psychosis,\" said Bipin. \"The real trouble started after smses started spreading like wildfire on Saturday last. Hundreds of people began descending on the City railway station,\" he said.Bipin said action will be initiated against officers in police stations who did not respond to panic calls, treating them as non-cognizable and petty in nature.SMS from AssamPolice said some of the chain SMSes which sparked panic appeared to have originated from Assam. Most reached the city when residents of the northeast forwarded them to their kith and kin. A police officer said that most warned people to return to their home towns. \"We have not seen any threatening smses,\" the officer said. \"But we're checking whether there was a local hand in them spreading like wildfire,\" the officer said.The special nodal officer, V S D'Souza, meanwhile, said that police were keeping a vigil on Bangaladeshi immigrants to the city to ensure that no untoward incident takes place.In anticipation of trouble, the city police have stepped up security by requisitioning three companies each from the Rapid Action Force (RAF) and Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF), D'Souza said.\"Flag marches will be held in sensitive localities in the city. We have, so far, received roughly 3,500 calls on my official mobile (94480-1020) and the helpline numbers (080-22250999 and 22942222),\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15538577", "title": "Building roads, power lines near protected areas won't be easy", "text": "NAGPUR: As a general policy, now situations leading to fait accompli by starting work on sections of roads or linear intrusions outside protected areas (PAs) and invoking already incurred expenditure as a reason for completion of project shall not be entertained.The draft guidelines for ecologically sound policy for dealing with linear intrusions like construction of roads and transmission lines impacting PAs have been formulated by National Board for Wild Life (NBWL). The comments from stakeholders have been invited before September 20 on the guidelines.The issue was first discussed on March 18, 2010 at the NBWL meeting under the chairmanship of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . The matter was thereafter taken at the respective standing committee meetings of NBWL.The Nature Conservation Foundation (NCF), Mysore, was asked to prepare the guidelines. The draft guidelines were also discussed at length in the 25th NBWL meeting on June 13, 2012.The guidelines issued by the environment ministry state that although roads and power lines are an essential part of development, they have significant ecological and environmental impacts on natural areas like sanctuaries, national parks, community reserves, and wetlands.Besides, roads and power lines established as linear intrusions in such natural areas, cause habitat loss and fragmentation. There are increased incidences of fire, animal injuries and mortality like road kills, electrocution, changes in animal behaviour, hunting pressures, increase in pollution, and various disturbances.As per the policy, now projects shall be developed in a transparent manner in consultation with all parties concerned, line departments, gram sabhas and civil society organizations working in the land through which the route passes.Now, it will be the responsibility of the state forest departments and project proponents to jointly organize, hold, and record in detail public consultations in connection with all linear intrusion projects in natural areas.Recognizing the diversity of situations and environments across the country, the guidelines make provision for incorporation of site-specific expert advice, consultation, and implementation.NBWL member Kishor Rithe, who attended the June 13 meeting, said that accidental deaths of wild animals were occurring in the entire country due to 'existing' linear installations like electric transmission lines, roads, highways, railway lines and irrigation canals that pass through wildlife corridors.Recently, many wild animals have been electrocuted in Nagpur and Chandrapur circles. Electrocution of three leopards near Nagpur and a couple of tigers in Chandrapur are fresh examples. Several wild animals have died in road accidents on NH6 and NH7 after widening work and on Nagpur-Mul-Chandrapur and Melghat-Harisal road too.Another NBWL member MK Ranjitsinh wanted insulation of electricity lines and underground cabling. This has been included in the policy as now low power lines and open canals will not be permitted in natural areas.Principal secretary (forests) of Maharashtra Praveen Pardeshi had suggested that as the danger of death of wild animals due to old infrastructure was more, future clearances for laying of new electric lines may stipulate the condition of refurbishing the old electric lines to the satisfaction of the forest department.The guidelines shall apply to areas lying in the vicinity of natural areas - within a 10km radius from the boundary of natural areas.Officials will have to investigate projects in detail and consider the possibility of alternative routes to avoid natural areas of high ecological values. For example, the MoEF has suggested the NHAI to deviate in case of NH7 which cuts Kanha-Pench tiger corridor.The new policy also prescribes speed limits within all roads passing through natural areas. Vehicle speeds in excess of 30 kmph shall not be permitted in those stretches of road that pass through any natural area. Speed limit monitoring and imposition and collection of fines shall be the prerogative of state forest departments as well as highway and traffic police authorities.Now the forest departments shall work to install speed-detection devices and speed cameras at all sensitive stretches of road passing through natural areas, particularly PAs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15542711", "title": "Keep phone aside in restaurant, get discount", "text": "LONDON: A Los Angeles restaurant is offering a deal to customers who agree to look at their fellow diners instead of their mobile phone screens.Eva Restaurant is giving a five per cent discount to customers who are willing to leave their mobile phones with staff when they are seated, the Daily Mail reported.Owner Mark Gold told KPCC radio on Tuesday that the policy is an attempt to create an environment where diners connect to each other instead of technology.He added that the approach hasn't been implemented to satisfy restaurant-goers that get annoyed by phone chatter or the glow of smartphone screens.Restaurant staff make the offer to diners when they introduce themselves at the start of the meal.Gold claims nearly half take advantage of the discount, and many express gratitude at the opportunity to let go of their devices for a while.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15539805", "title": "A sip of Sheer chai after iftar!", "text": "PATNA: Take a sip of this Sheer chai or pink tea and you are sure to experience the great delicacy of taste which one can aspire to as it enlivens your senses with its velvety aroma and mild sweetness. The amazing Sheer Chai of Sabzibagh, Patna, is a real delicacy and a great stimulant for those who throng Shahid's tea stall after the iftar during the month of Ramzan. It is sure to bring a lingering smile on your face.It takes five to six hours to prepare this pink-colour exotic tea through a special process. \"After the iftar, hundreds throng my tea stall to sip Sheer chai sold for Rs 8 a cup. Sitting in groups, chatting at ease and holding steaming khos (cups), people enjoy the Sheer chai after their daylong fast or roza is over. With Eid drawing closer, the crowd swells for this pink tea,\" says Mohd Shahid.\"I start serving tea to customers after 6.30pm and my shop remains open till 3am. We have been selling Sheer chai for the last 30 years during the holy month of Ramzan and it is the oldest shop in the locality,\" added Shahid.The tea is basically prepared by Shahid's father, Mohd Sadruddin, with special tea leaves brought from Kashmir. The leaves are mixed with milk and wide variety of dry fruits like pista (pistachio), kagzi badam (almonds), cashewnuts, raisins, anjeer, poppy seeds, green cardamom, black cardamoms, cinnamon sticks, dry dates, akhrot (walnut), bay leaves, pinch of baking soda etc.The preparation begins soon after the shop opens at 10. A rich paste of dry fruits and 'garam masala' is prepared by pounding and grinding the spices. The paste is then mixed with milk and tea leaves for hours.\"Every Ramzan I look forward to sip this Sheer chai with my friends. I used to visit this stall with my abbu when I was barely five-year-old. Now when I have grown up and started my own venture, I still make it a point to come here every evening,\" said Mohd Rashid, a resident of Ramna Road.\"This Sheer chai is so refreshing that I often come from Hajipur and stay at my sister's house here only to satiate my taste bud. There are few more places where Sheer chai is sold but Shahid's tea has a unique taste. I also carry a flask with me and fill it with tea before going back home,\" said Anees Anjum.For Aftab, the chai tastes very different from normal tea and even those who don't like tea, drink cups and cups of it. The colour and odour is also fascinating. \"Every year, I come all the way from Siwan and stay at Patna at least for a week only to tickle my taste bud with this tea,\" added Aftab.\"Politicians and many other high-ups of the town also come here,\" said Sadruddin. \"It's a connoisseur's tea and even a minor slip in procedure will raise the eyebrows of those who sip it on a regular basis,\" says Dr A Zaman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15539930", "title": "India objects to OIC calling J&K; a country", "text": "NEW DELHI: An Organization of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) communique referring to Jammu &amp; Kashmir as a country drew a sharp reaction from India which described it as wrong and unacceptable. Despite opposition from India, OIC continues to refer to the state as occupied territory or a separate country.\"We note that there is an erroneous and factually incorrect mention about an integral part of India by the OIC in its communique issued at its Fourth Extraordinary Summit held in Makkah on August 14-15, 2012,'' said official spokesman and joint secretary Syed Akbaruddin. \"This is wrong, unacceptable and we reject it,'' he added.He was replying to India's position on OIC's reference to J&K; in its meet in Makkah. Under the heading of Solidarity With Other Member States, the final communique at OIC Summit said, \"The Summit affirms its solidarity and full support for Sudan, Somalia, Afghanistan and J&K;, Iraq, Yemen, Ivory Coast, the Union of Comoros and the Republic of Turkish-Cyprus in addressing the challenges facing these countries.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15538928", "title": "Design for mid-market &amp; extend it to enterprise", "text": "MUMBAI: Suresh Vaswani, 52, believes in looking at the future. The past doesn't focus him much, so understandably he's most unwilling to talk of his quarter decade at Wipro, especially the last few months. Equally, he is very vocal and uses phrases like \"very exciting, solid, great fun, fantastic and it's all good\" to describe his year-plus stint at Dell heading its applications and BPO business globally.This personal philosophy syncs perfectly with the mantra at Dell to look at the future. Says Vaswani, \"We have to manage the past, but orientation should be how are you migrating the customer for the future and how you are taking the customer to newer business models leveraging next generation solutions and services.\"He's lost weight since leaving Wipro. Not because of the circumstances surrounding the exit or the pressures of the new job, but because he's figured that the only way to beat the monstrous travel he does now is by staying very fit with serious exercise. In fact, he will be bit disappointed if you don't notice the leaner look.The two weeks in India and two in the US every month is because his is a \"global job based out of India\". All the verticals are abroad while the service lines are here as are most centres of excellence.Vaswani finds \"working at a senior, strategic level at a company like Dell very interesting. It is a good move, a good change. It's very, very exciting being part of a company of this size which can actually move the market. You don't have the follower mentality but a leader mentality here. It feels good being part of key management of Dell, being one of the few Indians at that level\".Dell, which was best known for its hardware, is transforming itself into a full-fledged IT solutions company. That's where the services leg - which is an over $8-billion business for Dell - becomes critical.The applications and BPO business of the company which Vaswani manages came to Dell from the Perot acquisition. The thrust here is on the mid-market. The strategy is to \"design the product to address the mid-market and extend it to address the enterprise\", says Vaswani. The focus is three verticals: health care, BFSI and retail &amp; manufacturing. Mobility and cloud being other areas of major interest.When he took over the business, his mandate was three-fold. To create a vision for the business and align it with Dell's. To build a solid team, ingrain the mid-market design philosophy and have a model that addressed all segments of the market. The second was to leverage India for Dell globally, be it services, internal ops, analytics or R&amp;D.;Dell's services business globally has 44,000 people of whom about 15,000 are in India. Vaswani calls it \"balanced shoring.\" He wants to \"leverage India more so you will see that base increasing.\"Lots of Wiproites followed Vaswani to Dell, including some senior functionaries, making him a not very popular figure at Wipro's sprawling headquarters at Sarjapur in Bangalore. Quiz him on that and he will only offer, 'What can I say?\" with a smile.No conversation with Vaswani can be complete without wanting to know what exactly happened in the last few months of his Wipro stint. He isn't keen, saying, \"So much has been said.\" When you point out that he said nothing, he laughs admitting, \"Yeah, we just dropped dead and resurfaced in new avatars.\" 'We' being him and the other joint CEO, Girish Paranjpe, both of whom walked out quietly last January when Wipro chairman, Azim Premji , decided he wanted a new face in the CEO suite.When pressed he insists, \"It's too much of the past. 16 months is a long time.\" All he will cede is, \"Wipro was a long, great stint. One can discount the last couple of months.\"When not working or traveling, Vaswani likes to hit the greens for a round of golf with his buddies which doesn't happen as often as he would like. He loves music. \"There's a musician inside me. But he's not coming out,\" he ends with a big laugh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15540917", "title": "Delhi lieutenant governor must ask civic agencies to fix paths in DU", "text": "It is really a sad state of affairs when a university has to take upon itself the job of laying pavements because the civic authorities responsible for the job have failed to do it. It also shows how little we care for the disabled that repeated pleas by them that the poor state of the pavements was making it difficult for them to walk around failed to stir these agencies into action. If this the situation in a place of higher learning in India's capital, we can well imagine how bad it would be elsewhere. The Lieutenant Governor must immediately order the MCD or the PWD or both to do the job.Related Story : DU shows urgency to fix paths", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15540830", "title": "As cagey locals await green fuel", "text": "LUDHIANA: When LPG-driven vehicles came to the city, it was not a smooth ride for the people, with a few filling stations and improper service. Now as CNG makes an entry into Ludhiana, residents are apprehensive if the project will be implemented successfully.\"With petrol prices rising, CNG offers a cheaper and an eco-friendly alternative. It will be good if authorities provide us the option soon with proper facilities,\" said Varun Behal, an industrialist and resident of Gurdev Nagar. Ritu Hans, a homemaker of Rajguru Nagar, said, \"CNG is a better fuel option. Once the facility is available here, we will convert one of our cars into CNG-run.\"Gurmeet Singh, owner of a car garage on Dugri Road, said, \"In this week alone, we have received many queries about CNG, its kit and price. Once the fuel comes to the city, there will be a great demand for it.\"Amarjit Singh Sekhon, MC zonal commissioner who is the chief executive officer of the project, said, \"Many of the city residents are approaching Gail to obtain contracts to open CNG-filling stations here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15540416", "title": "Raichur ryots for Bangalore, Bijapur ones opt for Goa", "text": "BANGALORE: D Nuthan, associate director (research), UAS, was not surprised to see a family of migrants working in front of his house one fine morning in July. Every time rain fails in the interior areas, Bangalore sees a marked rise in migrants coming from Raichur, Chamarajanagar and Kolar districts in search of work. \"For the last few decades, seasonal migration has been growing in northern Karnataka. Kodagu has set a trend in this regard. Mysore receives migrants whenever rain fails elsewhere in the state,'' he said. There is a definite pattern to these drought-induced migrations. In North Karnataka, people from Bijapur and Bagalkot districts make annual trips to Goa to earn their livelihood during the off-season . Raichur farmers migrate to Bangalore to work as construction labourers. Farm scientists say that small and marginal farmers get indebted to moneylenders. \"As the crops fail, loan repayment becomes difficult leading to suicides. When drought sets in, farmers panic and first sell off their cattle,'' Nuthan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15539829", "title": "Trapped in an iron jungle", "text": "KOLKATA: It took a judge to point out how hundreds of people run the risk of being impaled on iron rods simply passing through Chaltabagan, popularly known as Lohapatty.On the night of August 3, the judge's vehicle was hit by a hand-cart driver who was unloading iron rods on the footpath. Police arrested hand-cart driver Babu Ram and businessman Umesh Jaiswal, who had hired him.Finally, residents thought, the police would have to act against those clogging footpaths and even roads by dumping iron rods and steel sheets. But it wasn't to be. The arrested duo walked out on bail the next day and Lohapatty sprung back to its old ways.Iron merchants of the area say they are now careful about keeping the pavements free, but TOI found a different picture on Friday.A large number of hand-carts, loaded with steel sheets and iron rods, lined one flank of the busy Amherst Street and even covered stretches of the pavement, forcing pedestrians to walk through traffic. However, the pavements were clear in some areas.Amherst Street resident Anita Sengupta is happy that the 'iron jungle' has been partly removed but fears that it is only a temporary relief. \"Now that a judge has felt the pain, police have become active. But, how long will the iron merchants obey the rules? Police, too, will take it easy after a while,\" he said.Vikash Agarwal, a lawyer and local resident, feels the footpath will continue to be encroached until KMC cracks down. \"The clear stretches of footpath you see today will vanish in a couple of weeks,\" Agarwal said.KMC conservancy officials admit that the pavements on Amherst Street are in a mess, but say they can't do much about it. \"A section of KMC officials is hand in glove with some police officials to create this chaos,\" alleged a civic official, who lives in the locality.Trinamool Congress MLA Smita Bakshi, a KMC borough chairperson, also blamed police for the mess. \"We need to ensure that KMC and police join hands in cleaning up the area and maintain a vigil throughout the year,\" Bakshi said.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee promised \"timely action\" to clear the pavements. \"We will ensure that pedestrians face no problems because of the huge volume of iron business on Amherst Street. After all, the pavement belongs to the pedestrians. The businessmen have to understand this,\" Chatterjee said.DC (traffic)-1 said they had taken effective steps to clear the pavements following a verbal complaint from a judge. \"We have created road dividers to minimise congestion on the road and have increased vigil,\" Adak said.However, the iron and steel merchants are upset with the police. Umesh Jaiswal, who is now on bail, said he and the cart driver were not at fault. \"Police picked me up without saying what my crime was,\" he said. \"We will take steps against the police action,\" said iron merchant Subhash Jaiswal.Ashok Jaiswal, of the Rammohon Roy Sarani Steel Dealers' Association, reminded the government that theirs was a Rs 500 crore business and employed a lakh people. \"The government should take care of it,\" he said.Mayank Jaiswal, another merchant, promised to ensure that pedestrians do not suffer because of the loading and unloading of iron rods. \"However, since Lohapatty gives a huge revenue to the government, KMC and police should help traders,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15539194", "title": "Cops to provide tight security for reopening", "text": "GURGAON: Three days before the reopening of Maruti Suzuki India Ltd's Manesar plant, Gurgaon police reviewed the security apparatus. The police commissioner held a meeting of all DCPs, ACPs and SHOs to discuss details of the security in IMT, Manesar region.After the Maruti violence Haryana police had deployed a dedicated industrial safety battalion of 6,000 cops in IMT Manesar on August 9. Yoginder Nehra, IPS, was deputed as commandant of this battalion.Although a battalion of 600 cops is already present in the IMT area, police do not want to take any chances after the large-scale violence of July 18.According to a source, police commissioner K K Sindhu, gave directions to his officers that at the time of reopening of MSIL, Manesar plant, they must ensure that there is no trouble. He directed the ACP in charge of SIT and the SHO, Manesar, to take care of the security of executives, entry-exit points and also of the different sections of the plant.\"On August 21, when the Manesar plant is to reopen, all the police officers, PCR vans and rider bikers will be on alert. Police teams will keep a watch on suspicious persons and vehicles in the IMT, Manesar area,\" said Sindhu. The police commissioner has issued special guidelines to cops also.Days after the July 18 violence, in a meeting with the management the state government had agreed to provide armed personal security officers to senior executives of the plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15538597", "title": "Prayers, feasts with family to mark Parsi New Year today", "text": "PUNE: The city's Parsi community is all set to usher in the Navroze or the Parsi New Year on Saturday with customary fervour and fanfare. After Mumbai, Pune has the second largest Parsi population in the country, numbering to around 9,000 Parsi and Irani Zoroastrians. On Friday, the community observed Pateti, the last day of the Zoroastrian calendar, with prayers.\"The New Year's Day or Navroze begins early with families offering prayers at the agiary. Then follow sumptuous feasts with family and friends ,\" said Jeroo CurusCoyaji, honorary administrator of blood bank at KEM hospital in Rasta Peth.Rohinton Chavda from Camp said, \"There are four agiaries in Pune. The oldest one is located at Nana Peth, which is popularly known as Patel agiary. I go to at least three agiaries every day and tomorrow too I am going to visit at least three agiaries.\"Asked about the special dishes prepared to celebrate Navroze, Chavda said, \"It is usually mutton pulav and masalsa dal in lunch. Some people also have jeera rice, daal tadka, fish patia. We also have sweet curd along with it.\"\"In the evening, most Parsis in Pune go to watch a Parsi drama at the Nehru Memorial Hall. From there, most of them either go to restaurants for dinner or to Dastur School where dinner is hosted for the Parsis,\" said Chavda, manager of a hotel in Koregaon Park.On Friday, the community observed Pateti, a day of repentance and prayers.\"Pateti is not the Parsi New Year. Pateti is the last day of the closing year or the old year. The word Pateti is derived from the Pazend script 'patet' which means 'repentance'. Since Pateti is the day of repentance, surelyit is paradoxical to wish someone 'Pateti Mubarak'. However, to wish any Parsi or Irani Zoroastrian, one should say 'Happy Navroze' or 'Happy New Year' as wishes,\" said author Rumy P Mehta, also a trustee of Poona Parsi Panchayat Trust, Pune branch.\"Pateti is a day of repentance for people, to reflect on their thoughts, words and deeds in the preceding year and to repent mistakes. Thus, everyone may usher in the New Year or Navroze on a fresh and positive note,\" said Mehta, adding, \"Navroze Mubarak to all!\"eom/umesh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15540474", "title": "Police raid fake pharma unit", "text": "MADURAI: Police have unearthed a fake pharmaceutical marketing unit in Madurai and seized carton loads of tablets in Madurai, on Friday.The tablets were packaged and marketed in the name of popular brands. One person has been detained from the unit, while the owner managed to run away. While police said that about 43 cartons containing strips of tablets to the tune of several hundreds were seized, they were yet to ascertain whether all the tablets were spurious. Police said that they received a tip-off about the fake tablet racket going on in Jaihindpuram and raided the house of Mariselvam in Bharathiar Road.As soon as the police landed at the spot, Tamaraiselvan, reportedly the owner of the fake tablet unit, fled from the house. But the police caught Anand, an employee and are interrogating him. Police said they found cartons of paracetomol and amoxilin tablets labelled after popular medicine brands. Investigation is still going on and police are yet to ascertain all the facts pertaining to the case.\"We are inquiring about Tamaraiselvan and how long he was running the unit. He might have been selling the tablets under popular brands for quite some time,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15540413", "title": "Coalgate shatters Congress\u2019s \u2018PM-is-clean\u2019 defence against corruption", "text": "NEW DELHI: Coalgate may test Congress's long-held \"PM-is-above-board\" shield against corruption, with allegations of irregularities during Manmohan Singh's charge of coal ministry set to expose the party flanks in the upcoming political season.CAG's view that coal block allocations caused windfall profits to private parties is expected to put corruption back on the political agenda. The opposition is smacking its lips at the prospect of stalling Parliament when it resumes on Tuesday because it senses an opportunity to target the PM, which they were deprived of despite the strong graft campaign over the last year.The scams that fuelled the Anna Hazare campaign like CWG and 2G were confined to individual ministries of UPA, with Singh being questioned as a weak leader. But Coalgate is seen as a progression since the PM was in charge of the ministry at the time of the said irregularities. AICC spokesman Manish Tewari rejected allegations that the PM had presided over Coalgate, saying, \"We reject the insinuation with the contempt it deserves.\"However, there is concern in Congress in the run-up to elections in Himachal Pradesh and Gujarat. The return of graft in political discourse will gift the opposition the ammunition that, in April, decimated Congress in Punjab and Goa and nearly tripped it in Uttarakhand. While Congress has readied its defence, pointing to alleged flaws in CAG's conclusions and BJP swearing by the same policy on coal blocks, the ruling party is seen as more vulnerable on graft front.Technical arguments on audit reports are unlikely to trump the rhetoric that Narendra Modi may launch, eager to cross swords with the PM directly. Gujarat leaders said aggressive Muslim protests over Assam riots and corruption are two issues that can weaken Congress's prospects.December polls are viewed as Congress's last chance to retrieve the situation from a downward spiral following the Hazare agitation. Congress hopes it can tide over the fresh CAG-authored crisis, but an opposition success in yoking corruption to Congress may have lasting impact on the 2014 political scenario.Congress ranks are concerned that the party's defence on Coalgate \u2014 that policy is a government prerogative \u2014 does not influence public perception since it is a technical argument which seems to be soft on irregularities. \"This was our stand even in 2G,\" lamented a leader, referring to how opposition turned it into a major plank in state polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15539468", "title": "Wardhane cracks whip, suspends two staffers", "text": "NAGPUR: The heaps of garbage on city roads, especially in morning hours, are common sight for citizens. On Friday, new municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane witnessed them. The civic chief acted with alacrity and suspended two staffers including a health inspector.Wardhane, who was on a round of city from 6 am, inspected many streets and expressed anguish on sorry state of affairs. \"How can garbage and filth be left on roadsides? Top priority will be given to ensure cleanliness in all parts of the city. I will now visit the wards daily without any intimation,\" he said. Wardhane further said around 40 cattle were seen tied on footpath near Central Jail. \"Footpath and nearby area was very dirty, emanating foul smell. I stood there and ensured all cattle were seized and sent to cattle pound. I want the city clean. Action was taken against the staffers concerned,\" he said.Wardhane suspended health inspector Prakash Wakalkar and sanitary supervisor Pramod Jambhulkar from Dhantoli Zone. Besides, a notice was issued to Kanak Resources, the agency lifting garbage in city, to ensure refuse was lifted and disposed of properly.To further tighten NMC working, Wardhane has asked all staff to be in office by 10am. Additional deputy municipal commissioner Sanjay Nipane issued a circular to all the departments intimating about daily inspection at 10am. \"Daily inspection will be at 10am and reporting to the civic chief at 12noon. Latecomers will face action,\" Nipane said. The stern action reminded NMC staffers of the tenure of T Chandrashekhar who had considerably spruced up the functioning.In the evening, Wardhane reviewed working of property tax department at Mahal. \"I was shocked to know of huge arrears of top 20 defaulters. One of them had arrears of Rs 1 crore. I have asked action against them and expediting of recovery,\" the civic chief said. Additional deputy municipal commissioner and in-charge of property tax department Ravindra Kumbhare informed about working of the department and also about long pending ready-reckoner based property tax. Wardhane told TOI he will meet mayor Anil Sole on this issue on August 25. \"Ready-reckoner based property tax will be implemented according to directives of government,\" he said.Wardhane will inspect the city from 7am on Saturday too despite it being a holiday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15539641", "title": "Record number of students take govt quota engineering seats in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: Academics have predicted that at least 50,000 engineering seats in the government quota are likely to go vacant in 2012. They will probably be spot on, but more students are opting for government quota seats this year than ever before.Officials in charge of the Tamil Nadu Engineering Admissions said that they expect 1.25 lakh seats to be filled through the single window counselling system this year, the most since the process was introduced in 1997.Till Friday, 1,17,507 candidates were allotted seats through the government quota, compared to 1.04 lakh students in 2011 and 1.1 lakh students in 2010.Higher education experts said the large number was not a pointer to a sudden surge in demand for engineering seats. \"It is just that more students have more confidence in single window counselling. There is greater awareness of the benefits of securing admission through the system,\" said professor Rhymend Uthariaraj, secretary of Tamil Nadu Engineering Admissions (TNEA).Many students opted for admission through single window counselling because the tuition fee for those opting for management seats was much higher than the fee that students have to pay if they take government quota seats. The tuition fee students who take a non-accredited BE or BTech government quota seat is set at 40,000, while an accredited course costs 45,000 under the government quota. The tuition fee of a management course has been set at 70,000.Another reason why students are choosing government quota seats is that banks are refusing to offer education loans to students for management seats. Students said from this year banks have started to demand proof that the student has opted for a government quota seat.Many students hope to be able to pay for their course through an education loan, said education consultant Jayaprakash Gandhi. \"They have been forced to opt for a government quota seat even if the college is not their first choice,\" he said. But students still have a choice of colleges.\"Many groups have three or five colleges and between 500 and 1,500 vacant seats,\" Gandhi said. \"Quality matters and students are making more informed choices.\"More than 50% of the students who applied to take part in the single window counselling system were first generation graduates, for whom the government had ordered full tuition fee waiver.Academics expect 1.25 lakh seats to be filled by August 22, when the month-long engineering counselling ends on Saturday. After that the TNEA will conduct phase 2 of the vocational counselling on August 19 and 20. This will be followed by supplementary counselling on August 21 for candidates who failed the Class 12 exam, wrote the supplementary exam and are eligible to take part in the counselling process. The counselling will close on August 22 when SC students will be allowed to take up unfilled seats reserved for SC Arunthathiar students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15539831", "title": "Saplings' plantation in graveyards gets nod", "text": "PATNA: The state government has given its nod to the proposal to undertake plantation in graveyards across the state as part of the steps to increase forest cover in Bihar from 9 to 15% to ensure environment protection. In the current financial year, the government targets to plant 80,000 saplings in the graveyards identified across the state.Environment and forest secretary Deepak Kumar said, \"The government has given its nod to plantation in graveyards as it is a good conservation effort. Anybody interested in plantation can approach the department. The department will not only provide saplings but will also help in its upkeep.\"The initiative to plant saplings in graveyards was taken by Bihar Pradesh Muslim Conference (BPMC) about two years back. \"I repeatedly wrote from home secretary to chief minister requesting them to allow my organization to undertake plantation work in fenced graveyards. I am now happy as the state government has given its nod to the scheme,\" said BPMC president Syed Adib Alam.Alam said the environment and forest department would provide both saplings and labour for the plantation work. A minimum of 200 plants would be provided for any fenced graveyard , while for a sprawling burial ground which has an area of over two acres, over 600 plants would be provided. One labourer would also be given to look after 200 plants. Moreover, the plantation would be an ongoing process, added Alam.\"We have requested the district administrations concerned to provide us the list of burial grounds which have already been fenced, so that we can start the plantation work. Any interested party can also directly approach us,\" said principal chief conservator of forests, BA Khan. The BPMC president has already submitted a list of five graveyards in the city.It may be mentioned here that 8,500 graveyards have been identified where fencing work is being undertaken by various district administrations.\"Plantation in graveyards is a good proposition as the growth of saplings in the enclosed area will be ensured, Fencing will protect these plants from cattle grazing,\" said Alam.It may be mentioned here that only recently, deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi had announced that in a bid to extend the state's green cover, trees would be planted on school campuses, roads or highways and religious places, but at no cost money would be given for planting trees at any individual's house. Only fruit-bearing or wood-oriented trees would be planted everywhere, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15540691", "title": "Youngsters spread AIDS awareness", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh AIDS Control Society in collaboration with a city-based NGO, Vision De' Monte organized an inter-college competition on HIV/AIDS awareness on Friday at PG-GCG, Sector 11. Students from 12 colleges of the city participated in the event with great enthusiasm. The competition was a part of the International Youth Day campaign, Recon 2012.The theme of all the events organized for the day was \"I am HIV positive\". The event began with a quiz competition which was followed by a street play to spread awareness regarding AIDS. Students from all colleges displayed their talent by participating in on the spot events ranging from poster making, cartooning, face painting, rangoli making to essay writing. A volunteer from the organization said, \"Our main is to spread awareness among people about AIDS and HIV.\"\"We have the example of celebrities who has been tackling HIV for more than 40 years. People never discriminate against them,\" said Lakshya Kumar, another volunteer.\"We participated not only because we wanted to win but because we were deeply inspired by our college in spreading a word about AIDS,\" said Aakanksha Dhawan and Satvir Kaur, participants in poster making competition from MCM DAV, Sector 36.\"I am happy that through our performance we motivated a huge crowd against discrimination to those suffering from HIV and AIDS,\" said Kulbir Kaur, a member of the performing team from Government College, Sector 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15540468", "title": "GIFT bags international infrastructure award", "text": "AHMEDABAD: At a time of economic slowdown, Gujarat International Finance Tec-City clinched the World Finance-WN Media Awards in the category of the best industrial development and expansion. This is GIFT city's first international award. Among those competing with GIFT were Moscow International Finance Centre and Songdo Finance City in South Korea.A team from WN-Media was in Gandhinagar for an on-site inspection of various sustainable processes that will be part of urban planning in Gift city. The team looked at the environment-friendly sewage disposal, power consumption and intelligent information communication technology ( ICT) architecture that will drive the city. The WN-Media has three categories of awards, World Finance Banking awards, World Finance Legal awards and World Finance Infrastructure Investment awards. Gift won in the third category. GIFT city is the country's first multi-service SEZ.\"The award is an industry benchmark and critical for our marketing team. This is a people's project. Today as the Gift development control authority is in place, investors can avail of single window clearance. We have applied for power distribution licence recently and will get approval any day. Average pricing of power within Gift city would be 20 per cent less than what is available to regular consumers,\" says Ramakant Jha, director, GIFT City.Jha also promises that land prices will be lower that that available outside. \"This is because the Gujarat government has given us land for free, for the multi-service SEZ and what we charge our investors is just civic infrastructure costs,\" says Jha. Sources in GIFT claim that the primary focus of the marketing team is to have domestic PSU banks invest in Gift city. \"The Gujarat chief secretary has, in an appeal, invited PSU banks to set up offices in Gift multi-service SEZ,\" adds the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15539934", "title": "Fingerprint attendance for health dept officers", "text": "KOLKATA: The health secretariat has decided to introduce the biometric fingerprint attendance system among only senior officials and doctors of all government hospitals and medical colleges in the initial phase. The Group-D employees have been exempted from the first phase fearing an adverse reaction.\"We had started biometric attendance of Group-A officers at the health secretariat from April 2 this year as a pilot project. Initially, officials were not happy with the move. But with time, we found that all were complying with it,\" said Susanta Bandyopadhyay, director, medical education and ex-officio secretary of the health department.\"We will include all categories of officials and personnel in this biometric attendance mechanism. But it will be done in a phased manner. If we include the Group-D and paramedical employees initially, there is bound to be severe resistance which might affect the whole project,\" added Bandyopadhyay.In any medical college or hospital, the Group-A employees consist of the principal, medical superintendent, deputy superintendent, nursing superintendent, deputy nursing superintendent, medical officers and departmental heads, while those in group-D are nurses , paramedics and contractual employees. Sources in the health department said that the number of Group-D employees is almost double that of Group-A.For example at RG Kar Medical College and Hospital with 1250 beds have 462 doctors including professors and medical officers. There are 530 nurses, 407 Group - D employees, 301contractual employees. The situation is similar at almost all hospitals.\"We have initially asked the authorities of SSKM Hospital, Burdwan Medical College and MR Bangur Hospital to keep the list of employees, to be monitored by the biometric machine, ready within the next ten days. The training will start as soon as possible,\" said Asit Biswas, spokesperson of the health department.\"Other hospitals and medical colleges will be asked to follow suit. A vendor has already been assigned to carry out the installation and operation of the biometric attendance tracking machines once the list is drawn up,\" added Biswas.Medical colleges will have four biometric attendance machines at a cost of Rs 1, 64, 000. The maintenance cost of Rs 2, 47,000 for the first two years have already been allocated, said a health department official.Medical colleges welcome the moved. \"This system will help us curb the rampant practice of not coming to work but yet signing the register,\" said a senior administrator of a city medical college.\"If the biometric attendance system includes nursing and paramedical employees, specially the Group-D staff in the first phase, then there will be a lot of hue and cry. So to set an example, the Group-A officers are being included in the first phase,\" explained the medical superintendent of a city medical college.Members of the Trinamool Congress-backed West Bengal Health Employees Association said that while they were not against the idea of biometric attendance, there were loopholes in the system.\"We welcome the move but the system has a lot of loopholes. Considering the various shifts of our members, this is best suited for those who are seated at the office and not for those who work in the wards,\" said Tapan De, general secretary West Bengal Health Employees Association.Apprehensive of severe resistance from a section of junior employees of health department against introduction of biometric finger print attendance system, health secretariat has decided to go ahead with initial attendance monitoring of only senior officials and doctors at all hospitals and medical colleges, leaving nursing and paramedical personnel out of scanner, for the time being by end of August.\"We had started the biometric attendance of group-A officers at health secretariat from April 02, 2012, as a pilot project. Initially there were rumblings against the move amongst all the officials, but with time we found that all were complying,\" said Susanta Bandyopadhyay, director, medical education and ex-officio secretary of health department.\"We will include all categories of officials and personnel in this biometric attendance mechanism. But it will be done in a phased manner. If we include the group-D and paramedical employees initially, there is bound to be severe resistance which might affect the whole project,\" added Bandyopadhyay.At a medical college or district hospital, Group -A official includes administrative heads like principal, medical superintendent, deputy superintendent, nursing superintendent, deputy nursing superintendent, medical officers and departmental heads. Health department sources revealed that the number of nursing, paramedical personnel and contractual employees are almost double that of group -A officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15540526", "title": "RBI opens more counters to deposit income tax", "text": "KANPUR: Additional counters have been opened at the Reserve Bank of India to enable income tax payers to deposit tax. In order to avoid inconvenience due to large increase in number of tax payers at the eleventh hour, the RBI has requested to deposit income tax in advance before the last date.Deputy general manager (banking) Rajeev Dwivedi said that the facility to deposit income tax by cash or cheque is also available at 145 branches of public sector banks, including SBI and at three branches of private banks in the city. The list of such branches has been displayed outside the RBI premises and at branches of other commercial banks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15538760", "title": "Some NE students firm on staying in Pune", "text": "PUNE: The fear factor notwithstanding, some students from the northeast have decided to stay back in Pune. The support these students have received from different quarters has strengthened their resolve not to leave the city. They are wary, of course, but are organizing their routine to ensure their safety. For instance, they move around in groups and travel to college only by public transport.Delina Khongdup, a student who also does a part-time job, said she had no plans of leaving Pune. \"We are a group of friends from the northeast living in the same building. There are around 15-20 of us staying together and we feel very safe,\" she said.Kitdorlang Dkhar, a student of Garware Commerce College, said the assurances given by the police were good enough for him and his friends to stay on in the city. \"I have no intentions of going back home. I feel safe here as the police have said they would give us full protection. They came to our college and interacted with us a couple of days back. I don't think there is any need to panic,\" he said.A junior college science student from a college on Satara Road said he too was staying on in the city despite having been threatened on Thursday afternoon. \"My friend and I were threatened by a man on Thursday afternoon while we were returning home from college. We had stopped at Dandekar bridge to share an autorickshaw when this man asked us if we were from Assam. When we told him that we were from Meghalaya, he said we were lying. He abused us, caught my wrist and told us to leave Pune within two days. He warned us of dire consequences before leaving,\" he said.However, the student said the incident would not force him to go back home. \"There is enough support from friends and the police and I feel safe here. I have intimated our organisation, 'My Home India', about the incident, and they have informed the police,\" he said.Bansidalin Lyngahoi, another student of Garware College, said, \"We feel totally safe in the city and will not go back home. We are travelling to college in groups and taking the public transport so that there are people around. We have also decided not to socialise till the situation is under control.\"Reform Lintng, a junior college science student from Asian College on Karve Road, said the Meghalaya students' organisation from the city has assured full support to the students. Synsharlang Lymba, another junior college science student of Pushpadevi College on Satara Road, said, \"There is no point going home now. If I do, I will miss my studies. Whatever the situation, I will not leave the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15540614", "title": "Bharat Kala Bhawan to get CCTV cameras", "text": "VARANASI: Bharat Kala Bhawan (BKB), Banaras Hindu University (BHU) is going to install 42 CCTV cameras in its building in order to strengthen security arrangements in its premises.According to DP Sharman, director, BKB, apart from CCTV cameras, a bullet camera and two surveillance cameras will also be installed in the museum. Notably, the security cameras will be operated from the director and security officers's chambers. \"Recently a high panel committee was formed in, which vice chancellor, Dr Lalji Singh proposed these arrangements. The whole arrangement will be installed by the end of this month. Prior to this there were no such arrangements in the museum\", informed Sharma. It may be mentioned here that, few valuable coins went missing from the coinage gallery of the museum few months ago. However, according to Sharma, these special security arrangements are not being introduced in view of that particular case but it was planned before that incident. According to Sharma, once the cameras are installed, the exhibits will be displayed inside bullet proof glasses.Apart from that, BKB is planning the digital documentation of all the its collection and exhibits. According to Sharma, BKB has over 1,07,000 articles in its collection out of, which only 20 percent are exhibited at a time. As many as 40,000 articles will be digitalised in the first phase of documentation. According to Sharma, money for this work is being arranged from a fund of Rs 52 crore, which has been sanctioned for developments in BKB as well as construction of Science Museum. \"After the digital documentation, an LCD screen will be set up in each in gallery so that visitors can read and collect customised information about the particular exhibit in detail. Apart from that the entire premises of BKB will be made fully air conditioned, however, special care will taken to control the relative humidity of the rooms\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "gulbarga", "code": "15540323", "title": "4-yr-old girl bitten by stray dog dies", "text": "GULBARGA: A four-year-old Gulbarga girl who was bitten by stray dogs in July, succumbed to injuries at a Pune hospital on Thursday night.A pack of stray dogs attacked Bhoomika of Sanjeev Nagar on July 13 while she was answering nature's call. She suffered injuries all over her body and was admitted to Gulbarga District Hospital where she was treated for 10 days.With little progress in her condition , her father Dattu Kamble, a construction worker, shifted her to a private hospital in Pune 15 days ago. The battle got tougher, and she died on Thursday night. The girl's body was brought to Gulbarga district on Friday morning.Bhoomika's mother Parimala Kamble was inconsolable. The impoverished family had spent nearly Rs 1.5 lakh on the treatment. The parents blamed the city corporation for failing to rein in stray dogs.Gulbarga City Corporation commissioner C Nagaiah said: \"Following a contract, a Bangalore company had carried out sterilization of stray dogs. The city hasn't seen any dog attack in the past couple of months.\"The commissioner said he will find out whether the stray dogs were sterilized in Sanjeev Nagar where the girl was attacked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15543910", "title": "'Poetry is an extension of me'", "text": "...says Rupali Kirtani, whose books of poetry will be published today in Margao.Sodchey shey dista parat mhajyatle hav...aasley kashey, shennley khany, badalleny naav.... This, probably, is the vyatha of every woman, who changes her name after marriage...but not all are able to say it so aptly as Rupali Kirtani has in this poem. She chats with TOI as she gears up to release her first collection of poems.Rupali, daughter of Damodar Mauzo, grew up in an atmosphere of literature and culture. \"Being the eldest daughter of Damodar Mauzo, I got to see a lot of his initial days of literary struggle....if you can call it a struggle...\" she smiles. \"I have been privy to many discussions on his writings and writings of others. Listening to veterans discuss nuances of literature, probably, imbibed the love for writing unknowingly, subconsciously,\" Rupali says.Settled in Middle East now, married with two daughters and job as an arts and craft teacher in school, Rupali lives a full life. \"I have been interested in arts since childhood. And teaching the same to children gives me immense pleasure,\" she informs.Is writing poetry an extension of that arts and crafts passion? \"It's an extension of me,\" says Rupali. \"Am an introvert. I rarely tell anybody what's hurting me. Penning a poem is a way of expressing those unexpressed thoughts,\" she admits. \"I started writing at a very young age, but then stopped writing. Especially after marriage and children...And Papa kept telling me that am wasting my talent. Then suddenly one day I wrote again. I sent that to Papa, who immediately mailed back asking me not to stop now...\"Rupali's two books of poems are being released today - English and Konkani. Which language is she more comfortable with?\"Konkani,\" comes the prompt one. \"It's my mother tongue. I think in Konkani. So the thoughts - poems - flow in Konkani. I started writing in English quite coincidentally,\" she shares. \"My colleagues in school where I teach once said that it's not fair that I don't write in English...it was after I told them about a poem I had written on Papa. I, therefore, translated it for them. It was on their insistence that I started writing in English as well.\"So...are all your English poems translations of Konkani ones? \"No,\" Rupali exclaims. \"Just some of them. Most are original. I write in the language the thoughts flow. Some come to me in English, some in Konkani.\"The cover of Rupali's book is also designed by her. \"It actually started with a scribble. I was doodling a question mark and suddenly it struck me that I could create a picture out of this. After a few attempts, I got what I wanted and I sent it to Papa. He too felt that it was ideal for the book. And we freezed it for the cover.\"What next? \"Don't know. Many ask me if a short story book is in the pipeline because Papa writes prose. But my thoughts have till now been in poetry form...but...who knows what the future has in store,\" she concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15539072", "title": "Assamese Muslims slam Ajmal for 'communalizing' violence in BTC areas", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam's indigenous Muslim communities, the Gorias and the Morias, have accused All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) chief Badruddin Ajmal of communalizing the violence in Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) areas, leading to mass exodus of northeast people from different states in India.The indigenous Muslim communities, under the banner of Sadou Asom Goria Moria Deshi Jatiya Parishad (SAGMDJP), equally blamed Hindu, Muslim and Christian fundamentalist forces for trying to wedge differences among different indigenous communities during the BTAD conflict. SAGMDJP also demanded the arrest of Ajmal, alleging that he took the initiative of giving the Bodo-Muslim conflict communal colour.\"When one says that the conflict in BTAD is between Bodos and Muslims, we, as indigenous Muslims, are also dragged in. But this is not true. We are not involved in the conflict. Ajmal has no right to dub the conflict in BTAD as a Bodo-Muslim clash. We also don't want people like L K Advani to talk on behalf of people of Assam. It is because of these communal forces that today NE people are leaving other cities like Bangalore and Hyderabad out of fear,\" SAGMDJP president Sahiruddin Ali Ahmed said.Ahmed also said that the NE people are leaving their places of study or work in other states in fear only because of the handiwork of fundamentalist forces which termed the BTAD violence as Bodo-Muslim conflict.\"Even indigenous Assamese Muslims who are studying and working in cities outside the state are having to return to Assam. Our community has suffered equally because of the communal gameplan of fundamentalist forces,\" SAGMDJP general secretary Hafijul Ahmed said.AIUDF has categorically denied that Ajmal was involved in provoking communal sentiment in the BTAD violence and termed the conflict as an ethnic clash. \"In no way was BTAD chief Badruddin Ajmal involved in provoking communal sentiment or giving communal colour to the BTAD violence. Our chief is ready to face any inquiry. But it is unfortunate that different political parties and organisations have already given their verdicts even before any inquiry could be done,\" AIUDF general secretary Aditya Langthasa said.Langthasa also demanded a CBI inquiry into the incidents of harassment of NE students and asked the government to take strong action against rumour-mongers.Shah Sultan Alam, an indigenous Assamese Muslim working as senior software engineer in Bangalore, said the Mumbai violence was an outcome of communalization of the BTAD violence. \"The non-resident indigenous Assamese Muslims are of the opinion that since the violence is confined to a certain part of Assam, it should not be viewed as communal violence of any sort. Our community is very concerned by the tendency to communalize the violence in some pockets of BTAD,\" Alam observed.SAGMDJP and organisations representing non-Muslim indigenous communities including Moran, Motok, Sonowal Kacharis and Dimas had a daylong meeting here on Friday for cementing the ties between the ethnic groups and fight against the communal elements working against the interest of indigenous Muslims.\"Even indigenous Muslims had suffered earlier in BTAD conflict primarily because of mistaken identity. We as indigenous Muslims are also threatened by the unabated influx from Bangladesh. Indigenous communities should not allow any divisive forces to work against our interest,\" added the SAGMDJP president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15540353", "title": "2 years on, accused in 90-yr-old's killing held", "text": "KANNUR: Iritty police have arrested the prime accused in a two-year-old murder case in which a 90-year-old woman was strangled to death during a burglary attempt.A special team led by Iritty circle inspector V V Manoj and sub-inspector K J Vinoy arrested K V K Muhammed Shareef (37), a native of Ramanthali near Payyannur, from his wife's house at Muzhakunnu near Iritty on Thursday morning, based on a tip off.According to Iritty police, Shareef was the brain behind the murder of Settu Aleema, a woman who was staying alone at Pidangod near Kakkayangad under Iritty police circle. It was on July 10, 2010 that Shareef, and his friend and accomplice, P T Shajeer, who is also a distant relative of Aleema, murdered her during an attempt to grab her gold ornaments.Though Shajeer was arrested within two days of the murder, Shareef escaped from Kerala. Following this, the police had conducted searches in various places including Mumbai, Chennai and many parts of Karnataka. A lookout notice for Shareef was also issued. Shajeer is now out on bail.Shareef told the police during interrogation that he had sold the gold to a jewellery shop at Napok in Karnataka, where he is currently based. He had married a woman from that place too, said the police.According to the police, there was an impression that Aleema had huge amount of money and gold with her, and she used to flaunt them too. Shareef and Shajeer had looted gold and money from her previously too. And they committed the murder while trying to grab the gold ornaments of around five sovereigns, she was wearing.After the arrest Shareef was taken to Napok on Thursday and more than one-and-a-half sovereigns of gold was recovered. Later, on Friday afternoon, he was presented before the judicial first class magistrate court in Mattannur, which sent him in judicial remand for 14 days. However, the police would apply for police custody again as part of the investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15538634", "title": "Four more test positive for H1N1", "text": "PUNE: Four more people tested positive for H1N1 influenza on Friday. This month, the city has reported 29 positive cases and two deaths so far.\"The condition of all the four, two men and two women, is stable. They are recovering,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health, PMC. A 63-year-old woman from Tadiwala Road has been admitted to Naidu Hospital. A 57-year-old woman who tested positive is from Aurangabad, while the other two patients are from Janata Vasahat.The state has witnessed a rise in the number of H1N1 infections. There has been a five-fold increase in the number of throat swabs received by the National Institute of Virology (NIV) here for the H1N1 virus tests this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15539718", "title": "Casinos pay fees, play on", "text": "PANAJI: With the annual license fee paid by the casino owners, casino operations continue as normal.A senior government officer said that almost all the casino operators have paid the fees. Director of Pride group of casinos Srinivas Nayak said his off-shore Casino Pride and three others-Casino Paradise, Casino Palms and Casino Pearl have paid their license fees and similarly other operators too have done so.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar had stated in the assembly that if the casino operators didn't pay the license fee, the casinos would be shut down and that even the players would be booked on August 16.This statement apparently scared away some customers. There were enquiries made at casinos' counters whether the payments were made, so that they didn't get into trouble. Sources said that casino industry officials were perplexed with the chief minister's statement as most of them had paid their fees. Sources also said that August 15 was no cut-off date for payments to be made as the annual fee is to be paid from the date the license is issued.The extended \"deadline\" ended on Friday with indications from the government that no customer would be troubled in any manner.The annual fee the off-shore cainos have paid this time is 6.5 crore, an increase from 5 crore. For land-based casinos, the fee was hiked from 20 lakh to 2.5 crore.While the Congress government had given licences for six off-shore casinos, only four are in operation now in the river Mandovi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15540532", "title": "Investigation over in Tulsiram encounter case, CBI tells SC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The CBI on Friday told the Supreme Court (SC) that its investigation into the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case is over. The probe agency submitted its report to the SC.However, the CBI requested the apex court to grant one month's time for collation of all evidences and documents collected during the probe. The matter is likely to come up for hearing next week.Chief investigator of CBI, superintendent of police Sandeep Tamgadhe, filed an affidavit in this regard. In the seven-page affidavit, he stated that the investigation was given to the probe agency after a petition was filed by Tulsiram's mother, Narmadabai Prajapati.The CBI has been probing the matter for the past 13 months. Tamgadhe told the court that the probe team has recorded statements of a large number of witnesses and that the volume of evidences and witness statements collected by CBI is huge. He told the court that the agency required more time to process the evidences and statements.It now remains to be seen how much time is granted to the probe agency by Supreme Court. Especially since the agency has already received five extensions and the court had told the CBI that the fifth was the last.Tulsiram was gunned down by Gujarat police in December, 2006. Subsequently the probe was undertaken by CID (crime) which resulted in the arrest of 13 cops including three IPS officers. When the investigation was handed over to CBI by SC, the two probe agencies had differences. While the CBI officers said that the Tulsiram encounter was part of a larger conspiracy that began with the fake encounter of gangster Sohrabuddin Sheikh in 2005, CID officers insisted that Tulsiram's was an isolated fake encounter and was in no way linked to the 2005 episode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15537704", "title": "Techie killed in accident", "text": "HYDERABAD: A techie on a bike was run down by a lorry in Kushaiguda on Friday. Srujan Kumar Verma, 22, working in LPOM Software Systems Solutions, was hit near Radhika Theatre. He died on the spot.A resident of Kamala Nagar in ECIL Colony, Srujan was on his way to meet his relatives at AS Rao Nagar. Police said the lorry driver fled from the spot. A case was registered under Section 304 A (rash and negligent driving) of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15540479", "title": "AIADMK man\u2019s son hacked to death", "text": "MADURAI: In a brutal daylight murder for revenge, the son of an AIADMK functionary, an accused in a murder case, was hacked to death by a six-member gang in Madurai on Friday morning.The under trial B Ramesh (28) was hacked when he was returning from the police station at Avaniapuram after he signed there to comply with the bail conditions pertaining to the murder charge. Ramesh's father Boominathan (52), an AIADMK functionary and his associate Pandi, who are also accused in the case, sustained grievous cut injuries and were hospitalised.\"The three under trials were returning from the police station in an autorickshaw when the assailants intercepted them. The three got out of the auto and attempted flee from the spot. But the assailants overpowered them and started attacking with sickles. Ramesh sustained grievous cut injuries on the neck and died on the spot,\" said a police officer. The incident occurred at Periyar Nagar even as horror struck public watched the attack. Boominathan and Pandi managed to escape but suffered severe injuries and were rushed to the government hospital. The motorcycle-bound gang fled the spot.The attack is a sequel to the murder of another AIADMK man in June this year due to intra-party rivalry. On June 10, Manoharan (51), a resident of Chintamani near Avaniapuram and the 58th ward secretary of AIADMK was brutally attacked by a gang. He died the next morning. Police had arrested 11 persons including Boominathan, Ramesh and Murugan. Ramasubramani, an AIADMK councillor in Madurai city corporation, was also arrested.Police said that Ramasubramani and Boominathan nursed a grudge against Manoharan for long. While Ramasubramani saw Manoharan as a rising force in the party and a threat to his stranglehold in Chintamani area, Boominathan had a long-term rivalry over obtaining contracts. \"But the immediate provocation for the murder of Manoharan was a clash with Boominathan over laying of pipelines in the locality,\" said a police officer.Police said they have arrested all the six assailants. One of the arrested, Hariharan, was the son of Manoharan, while another accused was his brother.The attack is a sequel to the murder of another AIADMK man in June this year due to intra-party rivalry. On June 10, Manoharan (51), a resident of Chintamani, was brutally attacked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15539603", "title": "\u2018Haryana faces problem of illegal migrants also\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when protests over the influx of illegal Bangladeshi migrants has become a cause for concern for the Centre and even to states other than Assam , the Supreme Court on Friday said it would surprise many on learning that the same has become a problem in Haryana in the last two years.A PIL by NGO Swajan had pleaded with the apex court that there was an urgent need to segregate the illegal Bangladeshi migrants, who need to be deported, from those given asylum by the Indian government.A bench of Justices P Sathasivam and Ranjan Gogoi had earlier adjourned hearing on the issue when NGO's counsel Shuvodeep Roy said other states too faced the same problem and expressed desire to make them parties before the Supreme Court.On Friday, the bench told senior advocates M N Krishnamani and Pinky Anand, who appeared for the NGO, that besides making allegations about the presence of large number of illegal Bangladesh migrants in West Bengal and other northeastern states, no data had been provided by the petitioner.\"In Haryana, there is a large presence of Bangladeshis and this problem is of recent origin, happening in the last two years,\" said Justice Gogoi.The bench said: \"Let us not get carried away with the problem. Let there be a proper inquiry. The idea of giving time during the last hearing was to allow you to research on the problem and provide authentic data to the court for considering entertaining the petition.\"The petitioner had said pushing back those who come to India for shelter after being persecuted in Bangladesh, on religious grounds, would leave these migrants in a tough spot. It had pleaded that those fleeing Bangladesh to escape religious persecution should be granted citizenship by India on humanitarian grounds.But, the bench asked: \"You say that there were four lakh cases pending before the Tribunals set up under the Foreigners Act. Can you tell us how many were pushed out because of religious grounds?\"The court granted three weeks to the petitioner to provide more data on the issue before considering the relief sought by it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15540342", "title": "Rai: From faceless babu to anti-graft watchdog", "text": "NEW DELHI: Until a few years ago, he was one among the many faceless bureaucrats in the government. But since taking charge as the Comptroller and Auditor General of India in 2008, he has put the once staid organization at the centre of the crusade against corruption and financial wrongdoing.And on Friday, the spotlight was once again on Vinod Rai, the 64-year-old auditor of the government as the report of his agency on coal block allocations popularly known as Coalgate triggered a fierce political tussle.His tenure so far at the CAG, a constitutional entity, has been tumultuous with his critics slamming him for \"overstepping his brief\" and commenting on policy issues while his admirers say the CAG's explosive reports have helped expose massive financial irregularities in the government.The CAG's report on 2G spectrum allocation had rocked the government and forced it to order a federal probe. The then telecommunications minister A Raja was forced to resign. Several other reports on Adarsh Housing Society and the Commonwealth Games have put the UPA government on the back foot and the CAG's reports have provided the trigger for protests against corruption.Sociologist Dipankar Gupta said the string of scandals in recent years helped put the focus on the CAG's office. \"So, is the CAG looking for publicity or is he helpless in the face of all the corruption? Earlier CAG reports used to be dull and drab,\" Gupta said, adding that \"the recent financial scandals make for the context which give the CAG such headline worthiness\".His colleagues in the CAG said Rai trusts his officers and does not believe in micro-managing affairs. \"His main strength is he gives a lot of space to his officers. That itself has a huge effect and enables the officers to think freely,\" a CAG official, who did not wish to be identified, said. He added that increasing awareness among the masses, the introduction of instruments such as the RTI Act and the media have helped usher in accountability and in the process have put the focus on the CAG's work. His critics say that Rai harbours political ambitions and have questioned his numbers in the 2G spectrum allocation report repeatedly.But that has not deterred the mild-mannered bureaucrat. He has often criticized the structures of governance and the slow decision-making in the government. \"Governance is at its lowest ebb. The morale of the civil servant is low. The credibility of the government is at its lowest. It is a strong statement but it is a harsh reality. And hence because of this, decision-making has become a casualty,\" Rai said in a speech last year at the National Police Academy in Hyderabad.Born in Ghazipur, UP, Rai has two postgraduate degrees \u2014 a master's in economics from Delhi School of Economics and a masters in public administration from Harvard University . A 1972-batch Kerala cadre IAS officer, Rai has been entrusted with several prestigious assignments. His six-year stint at the department of financial services, before joining the CAG, saw several initiatives such as the farm loan waiver being conceived.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15540529", "title": "Violent protest against Assam riots", "text": "KANPUR: Tension prevailed after Alvida Namaz in the Cycle market area in Yateemkhana when a mob started throwing stones ton protest violence against Muslims in Assam and Myanmar.Soon after the prayers at Nanpara mosque near Yateemkhana, a few youth sporting black ribbons and holding provocative downloaded pictures of atrocities on Muslims in Assam and Myanmar, arrived there and started raising slogans and condemning the attack on the community and expressed sympathy with those killed and injured in the violence. According to eye-witnesses, the protest turned violent, when a few trouble-makers marched in the form of procession towards Naveen market, where a strong posse of police was deployed and barricades erected to prevent them from heading further. When the district and police officials were trying to pacify the mob, another group from Yateemkhana area arrived at the Cycle market from Yateemkhana and started throwing stones in which several persons, including shopkeepers sustained injuries.Later, more police force was requisitioned to handle the situation. A few miscreants reached Rajbi road and forced closure of shops but they were checked by DIG Amitabh Yash, who arrived on the scene with a huge force and disperse them.The miscreants created ruckus and resorted to stone pelting on policemen and their vehicles leading to panic. The local shop keepers downed the shutters and ran for cover. The police fired tear gas shells and rubber bullets. The drama continued till 5 pm. Thereafter, normalcy was restored.Heavy police was deployed in Yateemkhana, Lal Imli Chauraha, Parade Chauraha and Rajbi road areas. The rumour of tension spread in other parts of the city leading to panic. Those in markets and offices were contacted by the family members. The district and police officials issued an appeal to the people not to react to rumours. \"The situation is now under control. We appeal to the people not to believe in rumours,\" Yash said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15539370", "title": "Greater Noida medical college to open by Aug 2013", "text": "NOIDA: Medical course aspirants now have a reason to cheer as classes in the two proposed medical colleges in Gautam Budh Nagar are expected to start by August 2013. The Uttar Pradesh principal secretary (medical education) was on a visit to Noida and Greater Noida on Friday to review the progress of the colleges and announced that not only will the colleges be ready by next year, but Noida would also have a super-specialty paediatric institute. The colleges will come up within the premises of the two under-construction multispecialty district hospitals located in Noida and Greater Noida. The district does not have any government medical colleges yet.Senior officials, including the UP director general (health) and vice chancellor of King George's Medical College, Lucknow, conducted inspections of both sites and then convened a meeting in Noida to discuss several issues like the details, cost, getting permits from Medical Council of India and the collaboration of the two Authorities. The meeting was held followed directions from the state government to expedite the preparation of the detailed project reports and start the conversion of the two district hospitals.\"The 500-bed under construction Kanshiram hospital, spread across 25 acres, and the Ambedkar hospital in Noida have ample space to accommodate the proposed college and institute, respectively. The upgrading procedure for both was studied in detail and it was decided that by the end of this month all approvals and permissions from the Medical Council of India will be sought and obtained,\" said JP Sharma, principal secretary (medical education). \"We hope to start our first session for the Greater Noida medical college from August 2013,\" he added.After deciding to convert the multi-specialty hospital in Sector 30 into a super-specialty paediatric institute, the officials studied the exiting under-construction facilities in Noida. \"For the institute we would require lecture halls, faculty offices, auditoriums, tutorial rooms, etc. We have decided to construct additional floors in the two blocks to accommodate all these facilities,\" said Sanjeev Saran, CEO, Noida. \"This institute would be an autonomous institute and will be on a similar pattern as AIIMS, Ram Manohar Lohia institute and PGIMER in Chandigarh,\" said Sharma.During the meeting it was also decided that the district hospital, currently located at Sector 30, would be shifted to Sector 39 and a new state-of-the art building would be readied in a 19,000 sqm area. \"We will soon start the process for this project and once this hospital is ready will launch the paediatric institute. We are targeting for the institute to be functional from March next year,\" Saran said.In July, the state government had approved the proposal to open a medical university in Greater Noida and a medical institute in Noida to \"boost education facilities and health services across Gautam Budh Nagar district\".The government had constituted a six-member committee headed by infrastructure and industrial development commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta to look into the feasibility of the project. The report was forwarded to the state government last month and the decision to set up the medical colleges was approved.According to the plan, the college and institute will have infrastructure and teaching staff at par with any premier private medical institute in the country, but will be affordable. \"This will give students a chance to pursue MBBS irrespective of their economic backgrounds,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15539528", "title": "'SC pressure for buffers encouraging illegalities'", "text": "NAGPUR: The Supreme Court directive to states to expedite notification of buffer zones around tiger reserves is resulting in some serious illegalities by the governments. \"In their rush to notify buffer areas, which the court directs should be done in three weeks, the state governments are bypassing and violating the processes laid out in the Wildlife Protection Act and the Forest Rights Act (FRA),\" said Ashish Kothari of Future of Conservation Network (FOC).FOC is a network of ecological and social organizations and individuals committed to effective and equitable conservation of biodiversity. FOC's objective is to foster dialogue and engagement in complex conservation issues, and help tackle the increasing threats that both biodiversity and people's livelihoods face. The apex court had recently ordered states to notify buffer areas around their tiger reserves in three weeks and had also imposed a fine on some government for not doing so.FOC said this time frame made a mockery of due process that has to be carried out for identifying and notifying buffer areas. This is because such areas have significant human populations and the law mandates that there be consultation with gram sabhas and an expert committee. The buffers aims at promoting coexistence between wildlife and human activities and there should be due recognition of the livelihood, developmental, social and cultural rights.In a number of states, the buffers were notified within seven days, a period in which the above process is impossible to carry out. The same will happen in the attempt to implement the current orders. \"There is serious lack of consultation with affected villages, or very cursory consultation with a few meetings in a fraction of villages. There is also no guidance on how to achieve coexistence between wildlife and communities. Even where villages have objected to the process or to the notification of buffer, their views have been ignored,\" Kothari said.In the buffer of Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve ( TATR), transit and sale of non-timber forest produce (NTFP) is being restricted and even people's access to their own villages is being hindered through new gates and rules in the buffer area. All this is creating a situation of hostility, antagonism, and resentment, which will backfire on conservation.The FOC said people were being displaced from several tiger reserves, without first recognizing their rights under the Forest Rights Act. In 2011 and 2012, the ministry of environment and forests and the ministry of tribal affairs had issued circulars to state governments that no relocation should be carried out without first completing the process of FRA. These continue to be ignored by the governments and the National Tiger Conservation Authority ( NTCA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15542356", "title": "Routine Love Story to release in Oct", "text": "Praveen Sattaru, who made his directorial debut with LBW (Life Before Wedding), is now busy wrapping up the shooting of his next film \"Routine Love Story\". The director is making another romantic entertainer, which has Sandeep Kishan (Prasthanam fame) and Regina (SMS fame) in the lead roles.Director Praveen Sattaru says that the presentation of the movie will be different and he exudes confidence about the film's success. Routine Love Story, which was majorly shot in and around Hyderabad, is currently in the last leg of production and the movie is expected to hit the marquee in October.Mickey J Meyer is composing the music while Chanakya Bhuneti is producing the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15539347", "title": "Three pledge to donate their bodies", "text": "JAIPUR: Three persons pledged to donate bodies for research work at the Sawai Man Singh (SMS) medical college on Friday.The SMS medical college is facing shortage of cadavers for research work and at present there are around 27 bodies but it needs another 15 more so that research work could be conducted properly.Eighty-five-year-old Ram Kishan Sharma and 86-year-old Vimal Kumar Choudhary filled body donation forms, which were collected by health minister A A Khan, at a function organized by the Newspaper Association of India (NAI), Jaipur unit, in Shastri Nagar.Earlier, only two persons decided to take pledge to donate their body but encouraged by their decision, one more person also decided to donate his body.\"After death, the soul departs and the body becomes unimportant. But, the body can be used for research work in the medical field and could save the life of many people,\" Sharma said after signing the form.On the occasion, NAI officials said the health minister should make arrangements for collection of pledge forms from homes of people who decided to donate their bodies. NAI state unit vice president Bhanwar Singh Rajawat said, \"Body donation is a noble decision. It doesn't look good that a person has to stand in queues in hospital to fill forms for donation of his body. We demanded from the minister that a team should be constituted which will go to the houses of people who want to donate their bodies to collect the forms in a dignified way and to honour them. The minister accepted our demand.\"SMS medical college anatomy department head Dr Sangeeta Chouhan said, \"People are now aware about the usefulness of donating of bodies. This year, we have received forms from 11 people who have decided to donate the bodies.\"She said still they need 15 more bodies to conduct research work properly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15540352", "title": "Men fight over free goat, three injured", "text": "TRICHY: The state government's free goat scheme has become a bone of contention between villagers and a dispute over the death of a free goat led to violence in which three persons including a 65-year-old man received cut injuries. The goat had been given to Vasanti, wife of Kumar from Gowtharasanallur in Anthanallur block in Srirangam assembly constituency.According to one Sasikumar who sustained minor injuries in the scuffle, Kumar chanced upon M Premnath, 25, who was from the same hamlet, when the latter battered the goat to death. The incident took place around dusk on Thursday. When Kumar cautioned him against doing any harm to his goat, Premnath allegedly grew more violent and attacked him with a sickle. Then, Sasikumar's father Ramalingam tried to intervene, but he too was attacked and pushed aside. Later, Sasikumar too joined the fight to bring Premnath to his senses, but in vain.It later transpired that the use of harsh words intensified, resulting in the violence leading to the hospitalization of Sasikumar and Ramalingam to the Srirangam government hospital late on Thursday night. Vasanthi had been given four goats under the Tamil Nadu government's scheme, and one of them had given birth to a calf. It was the mother goat that was allegedly taken away by Premnath. His contention was that since Vasanthi anyway had four goats, it would not create a problem. He even reasoned that the goats were given free and that nobody need make a fuss if one or two went to someone else.Prior to this, Premath tried to cook up a story that the goat died while grazing, and he was forced to make dinner out of its meat. Kumar protested saying the government's goat should have been returned to the government, and no one should take any arbitrary decision inimical to government policy. When both stuck to their guns, the scuffle broke out.Sasikumar told TOI from hospital that he chased Premnath after his father was attacked, but Premnath retaliated by throwing stones at him. The Tollgate (No 1) police have registered a case, and they are on the look out for Premnath.Joint Director of Animal Husbandry Department E Chinnadurai told TOI that whenever a goat dies, the beneficiary should in inform the department so that they can perform a post-mortem. \"Or else, the beneficiary concerned should pay the full amount of the goat to the government. We must know the cause of the goat's death,\" Chinnadurai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "15538857", "title": "Wanted criminal held in Garhwa", "text": "GARHWA: Police on Friday arrested veteran underground leader and member of CPI(ML) state committee Tahir Ansari from Chana village, 50 km from the district headquarters here around 11 am. Garhwa SP Michael Raj S confirmed the arrest of Ansari.He was wanted in more than two dozen criminal cases, including murder and loot, for the last two decades. A police team led by the Nagar Untari SDPO Ashok Kumar arrested Ansari, police sources said.Enraged over his arrest, villagers blocked Garhwa-Nagar Untari road for about an hour. District committee member of CPI (ML) Kishore Kumar has termed Ansari's arrest as a conspiracy. He said that a protest rally would be taken out demanding his release on August 18.Hailing from Bulka village under Dhurki police station area, Ansari has been a very popular figure among the villagers as he often helped them in times of need, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15543484", "title": "Venkat Prabhu launches Chennai anthem", "text": "Actor Vijay Vasanth is a very happy man these days. After all, the actor who appeared in a miniscule role in the Ajith-starrer Mankatha, has been busy working on his solo lead project, Mathil Mel Poonai. The flick has been in the spotlight for many reasons, one being Silambarasan singing a song for the film.The song is none other than the Chennai anthem, which became a viral sensation. The trailer of Mathil Mel Poonai was released recently by director Rajesh, and was accompanied by one of the actor's best friends, Venkat Prabhu. He released the promo song and the anthem on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15538316", "title": "They learn fast and work hard", "text": "BANGALORE: \"They are hard working and easily learn the trade. They take leave only once a year to go home. Above all, they are efficient and dependable,\" said P Chandrashekhar Rao, secretary, Bruhat Bangalore Hotels' Association, citing reasons why workers from the northeast are preferred.About 2,000 northeasterners are employed in 1,600-odd hotels in Bangalore and 20% are from Assam and in the fine dining sector. About 1,500 of them have already left for home. \"We deputed people outside their accommodation on Thursday night but even that didn't help and some left early Friday morning,\" said Rao.A few employers said northeastern employees cooking tandoor dishes, roomali rotis and Chinese delicacies have left and their business has taken a beating. \"We're struggling,\" said a manager of three prominent hotels.They stay in Koramangala, Challaghatta, Indiranagar, Shantinagar, Yeshwantpur, Shivajinagar, Austin Town and Marathahalli, northeastern chefs and waiters earn between Rs 8,000 and Rs 10,000 per month.Beauty industry\"They're unsure at the moment but plan to leave,\" said the manager of Fifth Element Spa in Koramangala, which employs 15 persons from the North-East in two of its parlours. A native of Nagaland employed there said she has never felt intimidated in three years of her stay here. \"I stay with my sister and feel safe,\" she said. She moved to Bangalore after finishing her graduation in Nagaland.With the staff gone, the spa has decided to down shutters on Monday and Tuesday.\"They earn between Rs 30,000 and Rs 40,000 a month and this includes salary and tips,\" said Isadora Dhkar, manager of the Thai spa Space.Security is casualtyOf 5.2 lakh private security personnel in Karnataka, 1 lakh are from the northeast. A few thousands have already left and many companies reported a 30% no-show by staffers in the past few days. IT parks, banking, and financial institutions and manufacturing are bearing the brunt.\"Some hotels and malls have placed security officials on double shifts. Since most institutions observe security protocol strictly, services have been affected. We're trying to convince workers to return to work without fear,\" said KP Nagesh, president, Karnataka Security Services Association. \"Recruitment is on across the state and more ex-servicemen are being hired,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15539038", "title": "Drugs worth Rs 1cr seized, 2 held", "text": "NEW DELHI: City cops claim they have busted a syndicate supplying drugs in the party circuit and seized synthetic drugs worth Rs 1 crore. Two men have also been arrested.The syndicate was allegedly run by NRIs and models. The arrested men have been identified as Ranjit Singh alias Raja Kandola, who cops claim is a drug baron based in Punjab, and his associate Sukhjinder Singh. The syndicate has a Rs 200-crore business, cops said.\"We have seized 411gm of heroin, 2.75 gm of a psychotropic substance processed from methametaphine that goes by the name Speed and 250 gm of ephedrine. A small drug manufacturing unit operating from Gurgaon has been busted after questioning Kandola. Three semi-automatic sophisticated handguns, 15 live cartridges and a BMW have also been seized,\" said additional CP (Special Cell) Ashok Chand.Police said they started tracking Kandola after Punjab Police busted a drug manufacturing unit in Jalandhar and seized about 50 kg of ephedrine and methametaphine. The two substances are mixed to produce ICE \u2014 a party drug that's popular among youth. However, the kingpin of the drug cartel, Kandola, managed to escape. Inputs from Punjab Police pointed to his presence in the capital.On August 11, Kandola was arrested from Dwarka Link Road. Sources said several family members of Kandola are already in prison.\"During interrogation, Kandola revealed that he had lived abroad for a couple of years. On returning to India in 2002, he met Kulwinder Singh Maan, a passport agent from Punjab, and got involved with a trafficking racket. The same year, he was arrested in Zimbabwe for transporting 15 illegal immigrants to the country. In jail, he came in contact with a Serbian national, Johan Milan. Milan expressed his interest in drug trafficking in India and the duo started business,\" said DCP (special cell) Sanjeev Yadav.After being released, Kandola returned to India in 2004, but he was again arrested three years later. Lodged in Tihar Jail, he came in contact with Sukhjinder who was undergoing a jail term in a robbery case. Kandola was freed in 2007 and he floated a real estate business in Delhi and Punjab. In 2011, Kandola again got in touch with Sukhjinder. In February 2012, Milan contacted Kandola with a proposal to manufacture ICE in India. He came to India and stayed at Kandola' house in Punjab. They set up an ICE manufacturing unit at Jalandhar. Ranjit procured ephedrine from one Sukhvinder of Ludhiana, who is still absconding.Searches at the hideout of Kandola in Gurgaon resulted in the recovery of a small drug manufacturing unit and recovery of other chemicals by a team led by inspector Sanjay Dutt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15538964", "title": "CID-style monitoring of BEST bus drivers?", "text": "BEST committee members want CID-type monitoring of their bus drivers. They want plainclothes BEST inspectors to be bus passengers, motorcyclists or pedestrians to see which drivers are engaging in rash and negligent driving.Committee member Yakub Memon of the Samajwadi Party said, \"Unless we keep a constant watch on drivers by being incognito, we will never be able to catch or discipline the errant ones.\" The proposal for plainclothes monitoring is Memon's. He was supported by panel members from the Congress and the Shiv Sena.Congress member Ravi Raja said, \"It is a good idea to deploy our inspectors in mufti. This way, they cannot be easily identified by the drivers. The inspectors should be posted in areas which are most accident-prone. They should look for buses driven at high speed, or buses that jump signals, cut lanes or flout other traffic rules. A plainclothes inspector should note down such a bus's route number, licence plate number, and the time and place of offence.\"Offending drivers should be issued memos and stern warnings by BEST. If all this is done, it will go a long way to prevent accidents.\"Backing the proposal, Shiv Sena committee member Suhas Samant said plainclothes inspectors can also keep a check on errant conductors. \"By looking like passengers, the inspectors can catch conductors who do not issue tickets properly and behave badly.\"The Congress's Raja, who on Tuesday submitted to the panel a list of 110 accident-prone spots in the city-the worst areas being Worli, Anik, Vikhroli and Backbay-said the inspectors can also go on motorcycles and cars or as pedestrians to keep a watch on rashly driven buses.Welcoming the panel's suggestion, a senior BEST official said, \"It is a good proposal. We have deployed plainclothes inspectors on certain occasions in the past. The practice can be made regular.\"As for BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta, he said allegations of BEST bus drivers being rash and negligent were being \"unnecessarily\" hyped by the media. \"If you go by our statistics, you will see that the number of fatal accidents have dropped drastically over the years. Why cannot you (mediapersons) highlight deaths on railway tracks instead? Ten people die on Mumbai's tracks daily.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15539174", "title": "Gogoi worried about rehabilitation of riot victims", "text": "GUWAHATI: The state government is worried about the rehabilitation of Bengali-speaking Muslims in relief camps who fled their homes in the Bodoland Territorial Area Districts after clashes broke out on July 20. The majority of the victims, however, have left for their homes.According to the home department, of the 2,86,261 victims at 227 relief camps on Friday, 2,25,390 are Bengali-speaking Muslims and the remaining 60,766 are Bodos and people belonging to other communities.In the 44 relief camps in Kokrajhar district, there are 54,376 Bodo victims after 34,976 left since August 7. In comparison, only 14,412 Bengali-speaking Muslims have left the camps and there are still 22,320 waiting to return home.The highest number of Bengali-speaking people who left Kokrajhar, are in 133 relief camps in Dhubri district. A home department report says there are 15,043 riot victims in these camps. \"There is fear among the people. Rehabilitation, it seems, will take some time,\" said chief minister Tarun Gogoi.The Bodoland Territorial Council on the other hand wants citizenship of every Bengali-speaking Muslim to be verified before they are rehabilitated in BTAD and others be kept in camps till a settlement is reached. \"Rehabilitate only those who possess land certificates and have their names in voter lists,\" said BTC deputy chief executive member, Khampa Boragoyari.Gogoi has admitted there are more people in camps than the actual number displaced. He has also made it clear that only the displaced will be rehabilitated.During the July violence over four lakh Bodos, Bengali-speaking Muslims and other groups, including Koch-Rajbongshis and Bengali Hindus from two BTAD areas of Kokrajhar and Chirang districts, and Bodos from neighbouring Dhubri district were forced to abandon their homes and seek shelter in relief camps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15539826", "title": "Sitamarhi jail superintendent suspended", "text": "PATNA: The state government on Friday suspended the Sitamarhi jail superintendent Umesh Prasad Singh on the charge of negligence in duty and financial irregularities.IG (Prisons) had ordered a second probe into the suicide bid by a woman Maoist prisoner, Shivani, lodged in the Sitamarhi district jail. \"The molestation charge could not be proved but several other charges against Singh were found true,\" said Anand Kishore, IG (Prisons). He also gave credit to The Times of India which prominently carried the report twice and created a pressure on the department concerned to hold a proper investigation into the allegations.Kishore said the charges against Singh ranged from taking bribe to authoritarian behaviour inside the prison. \"Sitamarhi DM Ashwini D Thakre submitted the investigation report to Home (Prisons) department which forwarded it to the state government. One senior deputy collector would be deputed as the prison superintendent of the Sitamarhi jail till the posting of any prison official there,\" he said.Earlier, Kishore had sent back the first probe report to the Sitamarhi district magistrate. \"We found the first probe report inconclusive so a fresh probe report,\" said Kishore.He said the Sitamarhi DM was on leave when the incident took place on June 16 at the Sitamarhi district jail. An ADM was ordered to submit the probe report. But after finding it unsatisfactory, a second probe was ordered which was conducted by the DM herself,\" Kishore added.According to a prison official, who did not wish to be quoted, the probe report submitted by the ADM was clearly influenced by few local officials. There were many loopholes in the first report.Shivani, lodged at the Sitamarhi district jail on June 16, suffered minor burn injury after attempting suicide inside the prison. She had accused the jail superintendent Singh of trying to outrage her modesty. Kishore said Shivani poured kerosene oil before setting herself afire but was saved by jail guards who immediately covered her with a blanket. She was treated at the jail hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "15540926", "title": "Fresh batch of Pak Hindus arrive", "text": "Attari: A fresh batch of 220 Pakistani Hindu 'pilgrims', who arrived in India via Attari land border on Friday, said that allegations of persecution in Pakistan might create problems for lakhs of Hindus living in Pakistan.These Pakistan Hindus who arrived from Sindh province blamed the \"outspoken ones\" for creating trouble for them back home in Pakistan. \"There are lakhs of Hindus who have mixed up with the Muslim society and are living happily in Pakistan but when a few of us migrate for any number of reason and tell Indian media that they were maltreated and persecuted, it creates embarrassing situation for the rest of the community in Pakistan,\" said a Pakistani Hindu, Mukesh, while talking to TOI.Mukesh said he was in India to visit Amritsar, Rishikesh, Hardwar, Delhi and Indore with his 10 other family members. Niranjan Das, who arrived with 11 members of his family from Karachi , admitted that they were asked by Pakistan immigration officials at Wagah about their travel plans and also obtained an undertaking stating that they would return.\"This never used to happen earlier. Now we are being suspected just because a few Hindus want to migrate to India and they make announcements in media,\" said Das, adding that people were migrating within India to other states for safety reasons and if a few incidents happened in Pakistan they should not be flared up by media. \"Yes we have problem of electricity and water, but that doesn't mean we are discriminated against,\" said a young girl, Vinita, adding that she had never experienced any incident of being harassed by hardliners or fundamentalists.Chanda, another woman, said that most Hindus confine themselves to their own community and do not mingle much with the Muslim society so they do not face any problem. Narayan Nath, a Hindu temple priest, said being a priest he was attached with large number of Hindus in Sindh who were living in harmony with Muslims. \"Sporadic incidents may happen here or there, even Muslims are also facing threat from goons and Taliban ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15542824", "title": "Lady Gaga gears up to clamp down Internet bullies", "text": "Lady Gaga is hell bent to weed out Internet bullying on her social networking website and has hired a team of experts to pin down \"sexual predators\" and anyone who uses offensive language.The ' Poker Face ' superstar set up her own online base, Littlemonsters.com, for her fans and the site features discussion boards and chat forums, but the 26-year-old is worried that some users may be abusing the system.\"I'm aware of the bullying and predatory nature of some of the new accounts being made. Although this is quite common on all social networks, that will not be the case here,\" the Daily Express quoted her as writing on the website.\"I'm in the process of hiring a team to focus solely on monitoring and deleting accounts associated with sexual predators and language as well as bullies and fake accounts.\"I love you and want this to be a safe place for you!! Don't worry the organisations being put into place are top notch,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15540885", "title": "Skeletal remains found at archaeology site in Maski", "text": "HUBLI: Archaeologists found some skeletons in a graveyard in Maski village of Raichur district on Friday.Maski is well-known for stone inscriptions of King Ashoka. Around 4-5 skeletons were found in a pot. The graveyard is behind the stone inscription of Ashoka beside Maski hills and is a prohibited area.Speaking to TOI, Raichur Superintendent of Police S B Bisanalli said that the skeletons may have been placed in the pots following some rituals. The Indian archaeology department will study the bones , he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "murgu (gamla)", "code": "15538983", "title": "Mahto inaugurates development schemes", "text": "MURGU (GAMLA): Deputy chief minister Sudesh Kumar Mahto on Friday launched a model village and Sanjivini projects of rural development department at Murgu village, the native village of martyr Telanga Khadia, under Sisai block of the district. He also inaugurated 35 development schemes, including 29 bridges worth around Rs 40 crore online, besides laying the foundation of a Dak Bungalow of the district council to be built at Sisai block headquarters on the occasion .Under MVP, Mahto laid foundation of a 'Gram Sansad Bhawan' and 'Gram Sanskritik Kendra' to be constructed with the cost of Rs 43 lakh and Rs 22 lakh respectively .He inaugurated 21 bridges constructed across the district's major rivers like Sankh, South and North Koel, Kanji, Basa, Lafri, Paras and others located in hinterlands of the district and eight small bridges in different parts of the district in addition to two training-cum-production centres, material testing laboratory and health sub-centre one each.Speaking to the people, the deputy CM said the historic village of the martyr would be developed into a model village and its selection for the MVP is to pay tribute to the martyrs and freedom fighters. Proposed Gram and Sansad Bhawan would function as a village secretariat to effect gram - Swaraj. Basic infrastructure would also come up at the village soon, he added.He also launched the Sanjivini project with object of bringing women empowerment by linking womenfolk with livelihood projects and building their capacity . Gumla's Sisai block is one among 17 blocks selected under it in the state, he said adding 600 women self groups (SHGs) would be constituted in this block.Seed money worth Rs 10,000 was also distributed among 48 women SHGs on the occasion.Sisai MLA Gitashri Oraon said it was UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi who first coined the idea of women empowerment. However, she hailed the state government for its initiative saying it has executing the same in the state.AJSU Lohardaga MLA Kamal Kishore Bhagat, and Deosharan Bhagat also addressed the gathering.Earlier, AJSU leader and deputy CM Sudesh Mahto was given a rousing welcome by village women as he and other leaders arrived at the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538469", "title": "Congress questions estimate of loss", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Friday slammed the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) for not understanding the basics of \"development economics\", arguing that auctioning of coal blocks would have hiked the input cost for power plants and made electricity costly.Congress spokesman Manish Tewari, reacting to CAG's finding that allocation of coal blocks had caused massive loss to the state exchequer, said coal blocks were for captive purposes of steel, power and cement industry and the coal extracted could not be sold in the open market.\"Power tariffs are decided by regulatory authorities in states based on input cost which are provided by the respective players,\" he said, hinting that auction would make electricity costly.Tewari questioned the CAG's decision to estimate a \"notional loss\", saying even the Supreme Court order cancelling the 2G licences was silent on presumptive loss and had left the issue to the parliamentary committees.The Congress spokesman accused BJP of double standards, saying it had ducked CAG reports on malfeasance in Gujarat and Chhattisgarh on the grounds that the PAC would look into them, but chose to go ballistic when the report concerned a Union ministry.The Congress also questioned the CAG methodology, asking how the auditor could calculate notional loss when only one of the 57 coal blocks it had scrutinized had become operational.Tewari said BJP had followed the same procedure of coal allocation from 1998 to 2004 when it was in power and its governments in Rajasthan and Chhattisgarh had opposed the suggestion that the policy be changed to a process of open auction. \"Why have those objections not been withdrawn till today?\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15538063", "title": "Admission and Fees Regulatory Committee to fix engineering fee", "text": "The Admission and Fees Regulatory Committee (AFRC) on Friday undertook to fix the fee of professional colleges without being influenced by the state government. Following this, the high court closed the writ petition filed by the private engineering colleges questioning the action of the state government in fixing a uniform fee of Rs 35,000. P2The judge recorded the statement made by AFRC that it would complete the task of fixing the fee without being influenced by the state government. It assured the court that it would carry out the the undertaking in strict compliance with the law and not be influenced by any decision or diktat of the state government.It further assured court that it would go strictly by the recommendations made by its in-house experts. Having received these assurances, the judge accordingly closed the writ petition. The writ petition was filed in light of the decision of the stage government setting a uniform fee for all colleges at Rs 35,000 per annum.The petitioners contended that it was not for the state government to fix the fee in such a manner. They further pointed out that it was the apprehensions of having to bear an increased financial burden under its fee reimbursement scheme which had led the state government to ask college managements to give an undertaking saying that they would accept the uniform fee of Rs 35,000 per year.The institutions, they alleged, which refused to fall in line were threatened with serious action, including conduct of raids and initiation of criminal proceedings against them. The counsel for the petitioners said that these acts of the state government were completely without jurisdiction and constituted an act of 'state terrorism'.It has been contended in the writ petition that the power of the management of private engineering colleges to fix their own fee has been upheld by the Supreme Court in the TMA Pai case. They also pointed out that AFRC had been constituted further to the said verdict. The petitioners would contend that the state government was bound by the recommendations of the AFRC and not vice-versa.Eamcet counselling notification on Aug 20: Justice CV Nagarajuna Reddy on Friday closed the writ petition filed by a student after being informed by the state government and the AP State Council for Higher Education that the notification concerning the counselling dates for first year engineering stream would be issued on August 20. The authorities were earlier called upon to come up with their schedule in the writ petition filed by a student, one Arun, who complained that the delays in the process were likely to jeopardise the academic year. The authorities also informed court that the details and the various dates would be spelt out in the notification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15538724", "title": "Men in khaki seethe over assault on traffic cops", "text": "MUMBAI: The incident of a group of bikers roughing up a traffic constable who tried to stop them from using JJ flyover, which is out of bounds for two-wheelers, has the force seething.According to traffic police officials, working alone or in twos makes them vulnerable to the wrath of motorists. \"A traffic policeman is the first authority figure that a motorist encounters on road, after he has already been stranded in snarls and had arguments with other motorists. It becomes easier for him to target the traffic cop who is alone and can do little to defend himself. There have been instances of large groups of people ganging up on a lone traffic policeman, insisting that he shouldn't penalize them,\" said a senior traffic official. \"Then, there are motorists who drop names and try to pressure the cop. A solution to such a problem would be to recruit more men so that checks can be carried out by large groups of traffic cops and not a lone official.\"Besides the cop at the JJ flyover, traffic constables at Goregaon and Gamadia junction near Mahalaxmi were also assaulted in the past few weeks, for merely ticking off law-breakers. Even as they insisted on the strictest punishment for such offenders, social psychiatrists said a general systemic overhaul was required to save the city, which was slowly slipping into chaos. \"There's a lot of anger building up among citizens against the authorities for over a decade now. The infrastructure of Mumbai is severely stressed and there's been a systemic failure. We have potholed roads, polluted air and autorickshaw drivers fleecing passengers. The Centre has done nothing for Mumbai, compared to the revenue that the city gives,\" says social psychiatrist Harish Shetty. \"At the same time, citizens have to realize that the police are working under terrible conditions, with low manpower and constant political interference. The police alone can't be expected to behave courteously all the time.\"Traffic police officials believe that working alone or in twos makes them more vulnerable to the wrath of motorists. \"A traffic policeman is the first authority figure that a motorist encounters on a road, when he is already encountered traffic snarls and arguments with other motorists. It becomes easier for him to target the traffic cop who is alone and can do little to defend himself. There have been instances where large mobs get together and gherao a lone traffic cop, insisting that he shouldn't issue a challan. Then, there are motorists who drop names of higher ups and try to pressurize the traffic cop. A solution would be to recruit more men so that checks can be carried out by large groups of traffic cops and not a lone man,\" said a senior traffic official.Arguments flaring up between traffic cops and motorists are common on Western Express Highway. \"One of our constables sustained a fracture when a biker knocked him down, despite being asked to halt. We have instructed our personnel not to put their own lives at risk to catch a traffic offender, when they can communicate his vehicle registration number to the control room and get him caught in a nakabandi,\" said senior inspector Vinayak Mule from the Goregaon outpost. Visible policing, where local cops in khaki and carrying guns, along with the traffic police, are posted at junctions, motorists would think twice before raising their hands, he added.Times View: Clamp down on mobocracyThe regularity with which cops are getting mobbed and assaulted indicates a general collapse of order. It points to a disregard for rule of law and contempt for the law enforcer. These do not bode well for Mumbai or the law-abiding Mumbaikar. Police should take stern action in such cases and the punishment that follows should be deterrent in nature. The rule of law needs to be implemented without fear (of mob violence) or favour (letting law breakers go after money changes hands).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15539522", "title": "Boy death: HC seeks details of fees, pulls up parents", "text": "CHENNAI: A day after a Class 4 student drowned during a swimming lesson at Padma Seshadri Bala Bhavan Senior Secondary School at KK Nagar, the Madras high court has asked for the details of fee collected by the school for swimming and other extra-curricular activities.M Ranjan died on Thursday. Five people were arrested under bailable sections, and all of them were released on bail on Thursday evening itself.On Friday, hearing two PILs seeking comprehensive review of safety measures in schools, the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam orally observed that parents were equally responsible for such incidents. Noting that parents were negligent and irresponsible, Chief Justice Eqbal faulted parents who rushed to schools without verifying the claims made in advertisements.In the mean time, the petitioner (advocate E Karthik Raja) has been directed to \"produce all materials such as prospectus, admission procedure, fee structure and other documents\" of the school.Directing senior counsel Vijay Narayan, who appeared for the petitioner, to produce details of the fee charged by the school for swimming and other extra-curricular activites, the judges asked the government pleader S Venkatesh to inform the court as to whether fire service department had laid down norms for running the swimming pool in the school.Earlier, senior advocate Vijay Narayan said the school had swimming classes throughout the day and that every student in the school was made to subscribe for swimming compulsorily though the pool could accommodate a maximum of 15 students at a time. The counsel said, \"If they put 30 boys into the pool under the supervision of one instructor, such incidents are bound to happen.\"He said that instead of invoking non-bailable offences against the school authorities and others responsible for the negligence, the police invoked only Section 304A of IPC, which is a bailable offence.Advocate R Y George Williams, representing a parent, said schools were giving away pool maintenance and vehicle maintenance to third parties on a contract basis.Family performs boy's last ritesChennai: The family of 10-year-old M Ranjan, who drowned during a swimming lesson in his school swimming pool on Thursday, performed the boy's last rites on Friday morning before he was cremated in Porur.Ranjan's family and relatives took the body of the Class 4 student, son of film director R N R Manohar, to the crematorium in a procession that began from the boy's house in Alwarthirunagar at 7.30am. The boy was a student of Padma Seshadri Bala Bhavan (PSBB) School, KK Nagar. Manohar, who is from Sholinghur in Vellore district, his wife and their daughter Snehitha, a Class 8 student in PSBB, led the procession.Former deputy chief minister M K Stalin, Tamil film directors K S Ravikumar and Hari, Prabhu Solomon, producers Kalapathi S Agoram and Saxena and other members of the film industry visited Manohar's house to offer condolence to Manohar and his family. Ranjan's father refused to blame the school administration for Ranjan's death. \"I do not suspect any foul play in the death of my son,\" Manohar told TOI, adding that he had not complained to the police against the school administration.A group of Students' federation of India (SFI) activists protested in front of PSBB School, demanding that the police book school officials on non-bailable charges. \"The swimming pool is located inside the campus, so the school administration should be held responsible for the boy's death,\" an activist said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15538534", "title": "Law doesn't compel one to do the impossible: HC", "text": "NAGPUR: In a significant observation, the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court has remarked that \"law doesn't compel a person to do that what is impossible.\" Allowing a Letters Patent Appeal (LPA) filed by State Information Commissioner (SIC) from Vidarbha region, joint commissioner of transport Satish Sahastrabudhe and deputy commissioner of transport and former Public Information Officer (PIO) AN Bhalchandra, the court set aside Rs2,000 fine imposed on them by the single-judge bench of the same court on a petition filed by lawyer Tushar Mandlekar, who is also secretary of International Society for Road Transport and Safety.Mandlekar had filed a RTI query on July 7, 2009, with PIO and deputy commissioner of transport, Mumbai, regarding duty imposed on imported vehicles. The PIO failed to submit it under stipulated time of 30 days and he asked the lawyer to pay Rs3,310 for the documents that ran into nearly 3,419 pages. Mandlekar then filed an appeal under Section 19(1) of RTI Act contending that the information was not provided to him within stipulated period.The first appellate authority asked the petitioners to provide him information free of cost. After their failure to do so, Mandlekar filed a second appeal which was dismissed. He finally moved the high court where Justice Bhushan Dharmadhikari, partly allowing his plea, directed the SIC to provide him entire information within 10 days and also imposed a fine of Rs2,000 on them for failure to do so.The aggrieved appellants filed an LPA where assistant government pleader DM Kale argued that the information sought was bulky and it was impossible to submit information comprising over 3,400 pages within 30 days. \"We feel it was impossible for the joint commissioner to supply the information that ran into thousands of pages to the respondent within a period of 30 days, as those pages were not readily available with the respondent on the day the application was filed, and the officers were required to search and collect the information,\" a division bench of justices Vasanti Naik and Arun Chaudhari ruled, while allowing the LPA.\"We find that the information sought by the respondent was so general and extensive it could not have been found out within a couple of days or even within a fortnight in spite of the best efforts of half a dozen persons,\" the judges added.The judges also flayed Mandlekar for \"misusing\" provisions of RTI Act. \"We had asked the respondent as to what action he took in pursuance of the information sought by him. He replied that nothing was done. It is really surprising that thousands of documents were being sought by the respondent and none of them is admittedly brought into use. We are clearly of the view in the aforesaid backdrop that the application was filed with a mala fide intention and with a view to abuse the process of law,\" the judges remarked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "15539263", "title": "Akola Municipal Corporation engineer, 4others suspended", "text": "AKOLA: Water works department of Akola Municipal Corporation on Thursday suspended engineer Ajay Gujar and four other employees of the tax department for dereliction of duty.Municipal commissioner Deepak Chaudhari said the action was initiated as they were not functioning properly.Sources said Shaikh Gafur, contractor of the water works department, was paid a bill of Rs 10 lakh. Gujar had recommended to pass the bill which was paid from the reserve account of employees salary. The bill was cleared by deputy commissioner Utkarsha Gute. The municipal commissioner became angry when the file went to him. He said the nod of the employees' organization was a must before making the payment. Following this, the action was initiated.Gujar said this was the 'price' for working honestly and with a handful of employees.The suspended employees have been charged with insufficient tax collection, incomplete data entry work and negligence in distribution of demand notice.However, Gute has been spared though he cleared the bill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15540008", "title": "All political parties together in graft, says Team Anna", "text": "NEW DELHI: Slamming the government for the \"unprecedented scale of loot'' of natural resources, Team Anna on Friday said all political parties were hand-in-glove in corruption and the CAG reports on coal block allocation, power and Delhi airport only reiterated their point.Demanding a FIR in the three cases, the activists said the government was hell-bent on discrediting constitutional bodies. \"We have just one question. Prime minister, please tell us, where should we go to register an FIR on the basis of these reports. All the agencies are under the prime minister's control and that is why we demand Lokpal,'' Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal said.He added, \"We say all parties are involved in this (corruption) and no one wants to pass the Lokpal bill. All parties are involved in this loot of natural resources. The states have benefitted the private companies in their states.''He said this was the reason why they demanded constitution of an SIT to probe allegations of corruption against 15 ministers.Alleging that none of the opposition parties wanted Lokpal as they were involved in corruption, Kejriwal said, \"Even CPM in West Bengal was a silent spectator to this corruption. They also did not oppose the decision to allot coal blocks to private parties (when they were in power).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15538610", "title": "Burglary case cracked, 2 held", "text": "MUMBAI: Two men, Parshuram Chaudhary (31) and Datta Kshirsagar (36), have been arrested by the Kasturba Marg in a month-old burglary case at a Borivli (E) jewellery store. Cops suspect their involvement in at least 100 more offences. Two jewellers, Rameshkumar Nishad (26) and Arif Khan (35), have also been arrested for purchasing stolen ornaments from the burglars. Ornaments worth Rs 10.46 lakh have been recovered. tnnTwo men have been arrested by the Kasturba Marg police in a month old burglary case at a jewellery store in Borivali East. Police officials said the duo specialized in breaking into jewellery stores and have been involved in 100 to 150 offences in Mumbai and Thane. Two jewellers, who used to purchase stolen ornaments from the burglar-duo, have also been arrested.\"On July 11, Shanti Jewellers located at Magathane in Borivali East was looted of gold and silver ornaments worth Rs 13.92 lakh. When the owner, Jagdish Rajpurohit, 48, went through the CCTV footage.The found visuals of two men moving around his store at night. The burglars had covered their faces with kerchiefs. But a kerchief worn by one of them slipped a little and his face was captured by the camera. Rajpurohit submitted the CCTV footage to us. We then carried out a joint probe along with the crime branch,\" said ACP Sunil Deshmukh.The police tapped their network of informants and circulated the image captured in the CCTV footage. The two burglars, were traced to Jogeshwari by the crime branch on August 8.Their custody was then handed over to the Kasturba Marg police.\"The duo led our team to two jewellers, , who used to purchase stolen ornaments from them. Both Khan and Nishad have been arrested, \" Deshmukh added.Ornaments worth Rs 10.46 lakh, from amongst those stolen from Shanti Jewellers, have been recovered.\"The modus operandi used by the men was to survey jewellery stores during the daytime and strike at night. They carried a variety of tools for gaining access to the premises by breaking open the shutter,\" said an official. The police is now verifying whether the duo has been involved in more offences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15538858", "title": "CAG reports hit power, infra stocks", "text": "MUMBAI: A host of stocks, mainly from the power and infrastructure sectors, closed substantially lower after the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG), which is the government's auditor, said several of these companies benefitted from some of government's wrong policies.CAG, which placed three reports before Parliament on Friday afternoon, said the total loss to the government because of the faulty policy decisions were about Rs 2.85 lakh crore. The auditor claimed that the government had allocated coal blocks, power projects and land for New Delhi's international airport at a fraction of the then prevailing market prices. It pointed out that 57 coal blocks were allocated to 100 private companies and if these were auctioned, the exchequer could have been richer by about Rs 1.86 lakh crore.Soon after the reports were placed before the MPs, the stock prices of the companies named in the report, and also some of the companies from power and infrastructure sectors, witnessed heavy selling. Among the major losers, Reliance Power closed 5.6% lower at Rs 88, while Jindal Steel closed 4% off at Rs 402 and Tata Power lost 3.7% at Rs 97.CAG has accused the government of favouring Tata Power and Reliance Power. The auditor also said that Reliance Power had unduly benefitted because it was allowed to divert coal from a block that was assigned to a particular project to another project. The companies on their part have denied the charges leveled by CAG.Among the government-run companies, Coal India closed 0.7% lower at Rs 350 while NTPC ended 1% off at Rs 168. Although the stocks of these companies and also others suffered in Friday's market, analysts believe that the immediate impact of the report is likely to be limited because any action by the government based on the report would be a long-drawn process. However, Opposition parties, armed with this report, are expected to take on the government during the current session of Parliament, which in turn may impact the passage of some of the bills pending before the Houses for a long time.Other than the individual stocks, the CAG report also affected general investor sentiment on Dalal Street as the sensex, after rising to a new five-month high, closed just 34 points higher at 17,691. The day's sessions, however, saw a Rs 3,000-crore drop in investors' wealth with the BSE's market capitalization now at Rs 61.9 lakh crore.Among the sensex gainers were Tata Motors , up 2.1% at Rs 240, Infosys, up 1.6% at Rs 2,351 and HUL, up 1.5% at Rs 502.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15538084", "title": "Rumours thrive as fear fills the air", "text": "HYDERABAD: R Biswas moved to Hyderabad 10 years back from Nagaon district in Assam and has lived \"peacefully\" here ever since. He shares a room with five others from his district in a basti just located off Road No.2, Banjara Hills. Standing guard outside a private company office on Friday, he says he feels at peace on the job. \"But when I go back to my room, there is panic,\" he says. For the last one week, he has been inundated with calls from his family back in Assam asking him to rush back to Nagaon. \"Almost everyone from my basti has already left. But I just don't understand why they are all leaving,\" he says.It's a question that is troubling many. Are rumours responsible for the exodus of a large number of people, almost all of them the first from their families to have stepped out of their native place for work or education? And, more pertinently, why is the fear that has gripped these thousands of people from northeastern states in the city being simply attributed to rumours?The genesis of this panic may not really be rooted in plain rumours only. Some claim that the threats are for real and that they have been asked to leave the city by August 20, though so far there is no evidence of any such threat having been made. Others point out that the pressure has been building up from families back home which are glued to their television sets fearing fear for the safety of their loved ones.Having witnessed violence at close quarters, many families are more anxious about saving the lives of their near and dear ones instead of earning their livelihood.And, the special trains introduced by South Western Railway to Guwahati to ferry the swelling numbers at Bangalore station has only added to the assumption that their fears were not misplaced. \"The special trains were going via Andhra Pradesh and this led to much panic among the people here,\" said a senior police official. The special trains crossed Vijayawada and it is learnt that 21 students who had come for part-time training to Guntur's National Academy of Construction have left in the last two-three days.Political factors fuelling the panic are also figuring on the list of possible explanations. The visit of MIM MP Asaduddin Owaisi to Assam with relief material and his recent statements on the violence there is not being ruled out as a possibility for the fear that has taken root among those hailing from northeastern states.Those from Assam and now living in Hyderabad say they take Owaisi's statements seriously as he is, after all, a Hyderabad MP. However, his visit to Siddiqui Nagar and the statements he made during Friday prayers may pacify people, they said.Observers point out that this panic reaction is also linked to the presence of Bangladeshi refugees. \"There are a large number of Bangladeshi refugees in the cities where there has been panic over targeted violence,\" said M Gopalkrishna, a former IAS officer who has served in Assam. He said that the presence of Rohingyas in Hyderabad could also have added to concerns.\"Besides, it's easy to identify them as people from northeast,\" he said. Another former bureaucrat, BVP Rao, of the Assam cadre, said this was an organised effort. \"It is an important challenge for the home minister to get to the root of the matter,\" he said.But there are other unaddressed concerns. Significantly, the missing connect with mainland India, the fear of insecurity in case of trouble that is possibly fuelling the departure of migrant workers and students in large numbers.\"Though my landlord is a local Hyderabadi and a nice man, if there is trouble, I will prefer to go to my friend's house who also hails from my state,\" said a migrant from Assam who did not wish to be identified. He says that although he has lived in the city long enough to like it, he would still trust \"my own people\", a sentiment common amongst most migrant peoples in the major cities.It is the fear of the unknown that has many worried. \"These people working in Hyderabad, Bangalore or Pune are the first ones to be working outside northeast. The cities they are located in are far from their villages. For this reason, they tend to stick together and gain little knowledge of the people of the city they work in. They consider them strangers,\" said Niketu Iralu, a senior Naga social leader, speaking from Kohima.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15540957", "title": "50-year-old teacher elopes with 2 minor girls", "text": "RAJKOT: In a bizarre incident, a 50-year-old divorced teacher of a reputable school in Padadhari, roughly 22 km from Rajkot, has eloped with two minor girl students.There is no trace of teacher Dhaval Trivedi of Dr Dipchand Gardi International School and the two class XI girls, both aged 16, since July 25. Both the girls were living in the campus of this residential school.Trivedi also lived in the same campus. One girl is a resident of Moti Rakhudad village of Lalpur taluka of Jamnagar, while the second is a native of Jamkhambhaliya town.Managing trustee of the school Ashok Kanjariya lodged a complaint of kidnapping with Padadhari police station against Trivedi, a native of Vadodara, on July 29.Police said that both girls left the hostel at around 3 am on July 25. \"When a sweeper asked them where they were sneaking out at the odd hour, they told her that they have permission from their teacher,\" said A J Jadeja, circle police inspector, Padadhari police station.The trio's last location was traced to Kerala on July 31 from Trivedi's mobile phone. However, the sim card number revealed that it was purchased from Kolkata. \"We have alerted Kerala police too,\" said Jadeja. Padadhari police station sources also told TOI that one of the girls had called up her maternal uncle and told him that she would return after two years.Questioning the girls' hostel mates, police got to know that Trivedi used to lure girls on the pretext of showing them various historical and religious places and science museums in India.Trivedi, a science teacher, has a controversial past. After his first wife died, he married a school teacher in Rajkot. However, the love marriage was short-lived and they got divorced. Police sources also said that he has a penchant for eloping with women. \"We got to know during investigations that Trivedi had eloped with a teacher of a reputable school in Rajkot too. Both returned but no complaint was lodged in that case,\" a top police official said.Trivedi's parents have also disowned him. \"We met his parents two days ago in Vadodara. They told us that they have no relationship with him and he rarely contacts them,\" Jadeja said.Trivedi, who is fluent in at least five languages, has a 10 per cent working partnership in the school, police said, adding he is financially well off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538512", "title": "CBI seeks more time to finish probe into report", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI is likely to seek more time to complete the enquiry in the coal block allocation as the agency will now examine the CAG report, which was tabled in Parliament on Friday.The probe agency has recently examined two joint secretaries of coal ministries to know about the allocation apart from other officials and members of the screening committee. The CBI also examined representatives of private companies, which were allocated the coal blocks. Sources say they are hoping to turn the preliminary enquiry (PE) into a regular case soon.Two joint secretaries and secretaries examined by the agency, sources said, held position in the coal ministry from 2006 to 2009. They said the questioning of the coal secretaries, who also chaired the screening committee, was done to understand the issues involved in the allocation of coal blocks during the period.The agency has shortlisted about 15 companies, which have allegedly violated norms of allotment of coal blocks and questioning of their officials was going on. The CBI has registered the PE, which is the first step of initiating the probe, against unknown persons in connection with a complaint referred to it by the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC).The allocation of coal blocks is done through mechanism of an inter-ministerial inter-governmental body called the screening committee, which is chaired by the secretary in the coal ministry. It includes the secretaries of nine ministries having interests in coal, and the heads of various PSUs and chief secretaries of coal-supplying states are also a part of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15538757", "title": "'Canopy power glider had crossed path of incoming aircraft'", "text": "PUNE: The Air Force Station, Lohegaon, confirmed on Friday that one of the two mystery gliders which were sighted in the city's air space had crossed the course of a GoAir 367 aircraft at an altitude of about 4,000 ft, while the aircraft was landing at the Pune airport on June 29.In a release issued through PRO (Defence), Pune, the Station said, \"On June 29 at 5.57 pm, a GoAir 367 aircraft while landing at the Pune airport reported that one canopy power glider crossed from right to left at 80 degree and 10 nautical miles, at an altitude of about 4,000 ft.\"\"Again on June 30, at about 7.45 am, a white-coloured glider was spotted south of the Pune airfield at approximately 200 degree, two to three nautical miles 1,000 ft above the ground level,\" the release added.\"The glider started operating from south of the airfield, moved southwest and disappeared somewhere in the southeast of the airfield,\" the release said.The release, however, said that both gliders were outside the boundaries of the Air Force Station.\"The Pune air space is restricted and no one is permitted to fly in the region without the permission of the Air Traffic Control (ATC),\" it further said.The ATC at the Lohegaon airfield is controlled by the Air Force and serves the purpose of defence as well as civilian flight activity.The release further said, \"The restriction details of the air space are mentioned in the Aeronautic India Publication, which has been jointly published by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation and ministry of defence. The matter has been reported to the local police and IB for investigation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15539445", "title": "Big Two to be evicted from London street, penalized too", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has finally started the process to raze the encroachments of two well-known contractors - Dilip Rathi and RM Goplani - on the proposed London Street land. The two will be levied a penalty too with the amount being worked out by the estate department.TOI has been reporting on the brazen encroachments by the two big contractors on the land near Khamla. Taking cognisance of the reports, additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare directed the assistant commissioner of Laxmi Nagar Zone, Subhashchandra Jaidev to take action.Engineers from Laxmi Nagar Zone inspected the encroachments and submitted a report to deputy engineer VV Kahalkar on Thursday. Kahalkar told TOI that the contractors are occupying the NMC's land without any permission. \"A note mentioning the exact area of encroachment has been sent to Kumbhare,\" he said.Sources told TOI that Kumbhare asked estate officer DD Jambhulkar to raze the encroachments. \"Orders to measure the exact area of encroachment were also issued by Kumbhare,\" he said.Rathi has stayed put on a long stretch of land reserved for London Street for the last four years. The land has been utilized for storing water pipelines and other machineries even though the NMC had denied him permission.Goplani too has utilized the land by storing construction materials and machineries for the last five years. Actually, Goplani was contracted to construct the compound wall of London Street land, which ended in November 2011. But he continued to stay on.In April this year, Kumbhare had razed the encroachment by Goplani on land worth crores of rupees at Bhagwagar Layout.The encroachments couldn't have taken place without the complicity of NMC officials. Complaints by a couple of corporators against Rathi and Goplani had fallen on deaf ears. Though the NMC did not act against its officials in the Bhagwagar Layout encroachment, it remains to be seen if the new municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane will act in the London Street case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "aizawl/kohima", "code": "15539160", "title": "Mizo student body assures security to people from other states", "text": "AIZAWL/KOHIMA: Fearing a reverse exodus of non-tribals from Mizoram because of the flight of NE natives from metros, the Mizo Zirlai Pawl (MZP), the apex body of Mizo students, on Friday appealed to all non-tribals and people from outside the northeast residing in Mizoram not to panic or fear any violence from the local populace. MZP's appeal came following the exodus of northeast students and professionals from Bangalore and other Indian cities following threats of attack.The MZP said that they have sent a message to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh urging him to ensure the safety of NE people in different parts of the country, especially in Karnataka, Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh.\"MZP leaders met Mizoram chief minister Lal Thanhawla and home minister R Lalzirliana who assured the student leaders that they were in close contact with the Centre and the concerned state governments who gave assurances that there was no danger to the lives of the people of the northeast,\" the MZP added.The Naga Students' Federation (NSF) also urged the respective state governments to take swift remedial measures to stop the exodus of NE people from the various cities before things get blown out of proportion. It also requested people living in the NE states not to take any kind of resentful action during this sensitive period. The NSF appealed to the northeastern people staying in different parts of India to remain vigilant and be united at this juncture.The North East Students Organisation (Neso), the umbrella organization of different student unions of the region, has, meanwhile, demanded the intervention of the Prime Minister and Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde to ensure proper security for the people.Neso demanded that the PM must be accountable to the NE as he was elected as an MP from Assam. \"Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is morally duty-bound and accountable to the people of the region to take immediate effective action regarding this situation and give justice to the northeastern people,\" Neso added.Referring to threats and attacks on NE people, particularly students in different parts of Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra, Neso urged the Centre and respective state governments to take immediate effective measures ensuring the mental, physical and social security of NE people all over the country.Neso added that a considerable number of people from the NE states are studying and working in different parts of the country, especially in the metros, due to lack of adequate academic and employment facilities locally. The organization described as unfortunate the frequent incidents of discrimination, atrocities and killing of NE people in other parts of the country and the ongoing panic fleeing from various cities.Meanwhile, Naga Students' Federation said that violent attacks on the people from the northeast have been increasing over the last few years and have raised serious concerns for aspiring students who wish to pursue their studies and also earn their livelihood in other part of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15540146", "title": "Bangalore: Four Chinese held with 202kg red sandalwood", "text": "BANGALORE: Four Chinese nationals were arrested by the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) at Bengaluru International Airport (BIA) for allegedly smuggling red sandalwood in the wee hours of Friday.CISF sources said the men were to board an Air China flight, CA 426, from Bangalore to Chengdu in South West China. During the search, about 202.20kg of red sandalwood was recovered from the foursome . The four men were identified as Chen Fangzheng, Lin Hanshou, Xiao Qihong and Zeng Jianzhong.The sources said the foursome aroused suspicion when they came for the checking of their hand baggage.\"While one of our officers were scanning the hand baggage, he found some small blocks in bags of one of the four men. An elaborate search was conducted and found more such blocks in the others bags as well,\" they explained. The CISF officers suspected that the blocks could be red sandalwood. They immediately summoned customs officers. \"The customs officers confirmed that it was red sandalwood. All the luggage of the four men was unloaded and we were shocked to find almost 200 kg of one-and-a-half-foot-long sandalwood logs,\" they added.Customs officers have taken them into custody and are interrogating them. Sources said that the officers are finding it difficult to communicate with the accused.More information on where the wood was purchased and how long the men have been in this smuggling business will be known only after the interrogation.What is it?Red sandalwood is also known as Rakta Chandana. It is listed as an endangered species and is protected by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora to which India is a signatory . It is mostly found in the forests of South India, particularly in Andhra Pradesh , and Nepal . Red sandalwood is highly valid in China where it is used in a drug and also in furniture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15539580", "title": "Engineering student jumps to death from hostel terrace", "text": "CHENNAI: A 19-year-old second year production engineering student of the Madras Institute of Technology jumped to his death from a hostel terrace in Chitlapakkam late on Thursday evening, police said. The college, one of the oldest engineering institutions in the state, is located in Chromepet.Ramprasad Narayanamurthy, according to some of his roommates, had failed in three semesters and appeared dejected over the last few days. He told them he was going to the ATM to withdraw some money, as he was to leave for Bangalore for an industrial visit, but went to the terrace.Durga, a labourer at a nearby construction site, was the first to see the body. \"I was carrying a sand bag on my head when the body landed on the cement platform. It was horrible. The face was smashed,'' she said. Police were alerted and a team rushed to the spot.Police said investigations revealed that Ramprasad wanted to pursue a career in medicine but could not gain admission despite high marks. No suicide note had been found but they were looking into all angles, police said.His room mates told police that he was a cheerful person but had become glum over the last few days and kept to himself. Sheshinder Kumar, a second year student of instrumentation engineering, said, \"I had spoken to him on many occasions and he appeared fine. I really don't know what went wrong.\"Ramprasad came from Dindigul district and his father is a manager with an Indian Overseas Bank at Usilampatti in Madurai district.The Chitlapakkam police handed over the student's body to his family on Friday evening after postmortem. The body will be taken to his home town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15540753", "title": "Now, you don't need glasses to watch 3D movies at home", "text": "London: A new technology will make it possible for you to enjoy three-dimensional movie experience at home without using the bothersome 3D glasses. The technology that adapts conventional 3D films to the new displays in real time will be unveiled in Berlin at this year's IFA trade show next month.Researchers at Fraunhofer Institute, Heinrich-Hertz Institute, HHI in Berlin recently developed a technology that converts a Blu-ray's existing 3D content in a manner that enables them to be shown on autostereoscopic displays. Though prototypes of these TV screens already exist, consumers will not have to wait much longer for the market introduction of these displays.Nevertheless, the content might be a bit problematic: The 3D movies currently available on Blu-ray are based on two different perspectives \u2014 two images, one for each eye. However, autostereoscopic displays need five to ten views of the same scene. In the future, the number will probably be even more. This is because these displays have to present a three-dimensional image in such a manner that it can be seen from different angles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15541049", "title": "NCW counters Manjula's statements on drugs", "text": "MANGALORE: Countering Karnataka State Commission for Women (KSCW) chairperson C Manjula's assertions on the use of drugs, National Commission for Women (NCW) member Shamina Shafiq said that drugs of any sort were not used during the birthday party held at Morning Mist Home Stay on July 28.\"The allegations made by Karnataka State Commission for Women chairperson C Manjula are not all true. Neither police nor anybody else had said that there were drugs in the party. What the KSCW chief had said is absolutely wrong. I was talking to all of them the whole day. I don't know from where the statements regarding drugs came. It is not true and the KSCW chief has not even spoken to victims of the attack. How can she make such statements then,\" Shamina asked.\"Neighbours of the home stay have given us positive statements.They have given their statements that they absolutely have no objection against the homestay. They said that they have never seen anything objectionable happening in that house,\" She said.Shamina also said that during the interactions, father of a victim expressed shock over the manner in which KSCW chairperson spoke to the media. \"KSCW chief has not made any mention about victims. Legality of the homestay was discussed, but it is not the issue here. It is common that people book a place to hold a party,\" she added.\"Many students and parents met me and expressed concern over the lack of security for girls in the city. Somewhere something is lacking in the city. Media is playing a very crucial role. It is because of the media the incident came to light. However, visual media should stop airing clippings of the attack repeatedly,\" Shamina said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15540689", "title": "Northeast exodus: Familiar faces at restaurants go missing", "text": "Business establishments employing people from the northeast say they are doing their best to quell their employees' fears.\"Around 80% of our staff are from the northeast and all day of Friday, we were trying to reassure them that Chennai is a safe place. A few of them are insisting on returning home but we have managed to reassure most of them,\" says Steve George Stephanos, operations manager at the restaurant chain Mast Kalandar.Stephanos says he has promised his staff that at every staff quarters the restaurant chain has in the city, one employee who is a native of Chennai will stay the night with them. \"That has made them feel better for now,\" he says. Vishwas Tamang from Assam, who works at Mast Kalandar, is one of those who has decided to stay back in Chennai. \"I am afraid. But what can I do? I have to live with it,\" he says.Things have not been so smooth at several other restaurants in the city. Vipin Sachdev, who owns restaurants such as Subway and Tuscana, says that of the 24 employees from the northeastern states he has, 13 have already left. \"Some of them are Manipuris, but they feel in the south, people may confuse them as being Assamese , and they do not want to take the chance,\" says Sachdev. \"Their cellphones have been beeping with messages about people being killed. I've told them to watch television as these are just rumours. That was how we managed to retain a few of them,\" says Sachdev, who adds that the ones who have chosen to go home, have left their belongings behind. \"They have told us they will be back in a week,\" adds Sachdev.At Naturals Beauty Salon, where a large number of service providers are from the northeast, the staff have been voicing fear to employers. The company has decided to create a helpline for the northeastern staff as well as given them morning shifts until the scare settles down. \"We have also promised to arrange local transportation to ensure employees reach their homes safely. Employees have also been asked to alert the salon with an SMS when they leave home for work as well as when they return ,\" says CK Kumaravel, co-founder of Naturals Beauty Salon.But again, there are pockets in the city, where the calm has set in. 20 women from the northeast, who work as beauticians at the Lavendar Parlour in Adyar, say they feel safe. \"Many of our customers are worried about our well-being and this itself shows the love we are assured of,\" says Lavendar Parlour beautician Doma. Nambirajan , owner of the parlour, says he has assured his staff of protection. \"My wife and I take turns to stay at the parlour with them, so that they feel secure,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15539492", "title": "Woman injured in leopard attack near Chikna", "text": "NAGPUR: Close on the heels of a leopard attack on an elderly woman near Chandrapur on Thursday, another woman was attacked by a leopard near Chikna village, 70km from Nagpur, on Friday. Chikna in Kuhi tehsil is surrounded by forests from three sides.The attack took place around 6am when the victim, Baby Bhagwan Gajbhiye (60), was walking towards home with her husband. This is the second such attack in eight days. On August 10, Yadavrao Kumbhre of Chikna was attacked by a leopard around 3am when he was sleeping outside his home.The woman victim Gajbhiye was shifted to Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) in a forest vehicle. A guard has been posted at the hospital to assist the kin of the victim. She will be paid compensation as per the provisions in the law.Chief conservator of forests (CCF) for Nagpur circle SH Patil and assistant conservator of forests (ACF) SS Chavan and Umred MLA Sudhir Parwe also visited the victim at the GMCH and took stock of the situation. Deputy conservator (DyCF) PK Mahajan rushed to Chikna after the incident.\"The victim has suffered head injury which is superficial and will heal soon,\" forest officials said quoting the doctors. \"We will bear the medical expenses of the victim,\" said Chavan.Chavan informed that a team of local officials and NGOs is ascertaining the facts whether the leopard is aged and the reasons behind the attacks.\"The Friday morning attack may be due to the leopard mistaking the woman to be an animal as she was walking in a bent position. If need felt, we will trap the leopard by deploying cages,\" Chavan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15538908", "title": "Libraries go a begging in state", "text": "RANCHI: In an age of ipads and tablet PCs, traditional libraries are increasingly losing their charm among book lovers. Poor upkeep is also another reason why people are shying away from public libraries. \"If I have to read something, I go for an e-book, so why go to the library,\" said Arnab Mishra, a young executive.The state library has lost many members over the years. On the contrary, it has become a reading room of sorts now for students who seek a quiet place to pore over books. Arpit, a student of Doranda College, said, \"I go there because the ambiance is very peaceful. I can sit there for hours and do my studies but as far as the books are concerned, they are of little help to me.\"Most members complain books are not upgraded and taken care of. Some of them are soiled, full of dog ears and evince little interest in the reader. Librarian at the state library, C D Singh, said, \"We have our own problems. We are not able to arrange the books the way they should be in a library. So when people ask for a book, they have to search the whole library. Being a government library, we cannot buy books at our will and so the library never gets updated.\"The International Library has also lost its members. Those who still visit it are the ones who need books to prepare for competitive examinations. Administrator of the library, V Pankaj, said, \"Membership has decreased. While earlier, we used to have more than 1,800 members, it has now come down to 1,200. But our books on competitive examinations are upgraded as most of our members are the ones who are preparing for competitive tests.\"However, there are some libraries which are keeping pace with new-age demands and stocking up on latest books and offering modern facilities. One of these libraries is the e-library of Ranchi University. The in-charge of the library, P K Singh, said, \"We have access to more than 4 lakh books across the country which helps students do research and project works.\"A private library, opened by a book shop owner recently, is gaining popularity in the city among youngsters as it has an excellent collection of fiction and non-fiction.The owner, Manish Burman, said, \"I keep copies of new releases and lend them to members for a fee of Rs 100 per month.\"Another unique venture that's inviting attention is the library at the main branch of the State Bank of India . The books in this library are donated either by the employees or customers of the bank and are directly maintained by the bank.Special assistant manager, Alok Nandi, said, \"Any member of any of the branches of the bank can borrow books from this library on submission of his account number. Most of the books are literary works of Hindi novelists. However, there are some books in English, Bengali and Urdu, too.\"Apart from these, libraries at clubs like the Gymkhana Club, Ranchi Club and Union Club also have an interesting collection of literary works and draw a good crowd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15539427", "title": "Power-ful services by August-end", "text": "NOIDA: Electricity consumers in the city will soon start getting better quality of services from Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) as Noida is all set to go 'live' under the Restructured-Accelerated Power Development and Reforms Programme (R-APDRP) by the end of August. Under this system sponsored by the central government, all data pertaining to consumption and billing will be stored electronically in a central server in Lucknow, which can be monitored on a real-time basis. Chances of error in billing and updating data would be minimized under R-APDRP. Noida is one of the 167 towns in the state that are being covered under this programme by UPPCL.The central government had launched R-APDRP across the country in 2008. Power Finance Corporation (PFC), a central government PSU dedicated to financing and power sector reforms, is the nodal agency of R-APDRP, which is being executed in Uttar Pradesh by UPPCL.As of now, all data pertaining to consumers is stored manually. \"Under the new system, data will be stored electronically. Billing, which is an offline process, will now be done online through a common centralized system. All billing companies would be required to upload data on the central server on a daily basis,\" said a senior official of UPPCL.While the central server is located in Lucknow, a back-up server for the system is located in Sector 58 of Noida. Payments of bills which are updated in the next billing cycle will henceforth be done immediately upon settlement. \"Chances of errors in billing will almost be reduced to nil,\" said the official.Consumers can be ensured of better quality of services for the fact that each sub-division would be made accountable for quality of services. \"Unlike the past, where the divisional offices of UPPCL were accountable for supply, billing and loss reductions, now it will be the sub-divisions which would be held accountable,\" added the official.The assets of UPPCL, as also its distribution network of consumers, would be mapped through GIS under this system. \"This would ensure that distribution utilities detect faults quickly in case of tripping of power and repair them at the earliest,\" said the power official.The focus of the first-phase of the programme, under which Noida would go live in August, is to adopt IT in the areas of energy accounting", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15542735", "title": "Stars living it up at the party", "text": "DJ quartet Marina, Navneet, Tishya and Hardik entertained the crowd at The Basement, Hotel Samilton, with non-stop Bollywood and international hits as they spun musical magic from the turntable. Spotted at the party was actor Ankita, looking pretty in a cute white top as she let her hair down to have a good time. Priyanka and Anish made for a cute couple as they posed for our lensman. We also spotted this huge group of friends that included Ajam, Ankur, Ayam, Sudip among others, living it up at the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15540482", "title": "Domestic help held from Lucknow", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The domestic servant, Dinesh Pasi, who had stolen valuables and cash worth Rs 21 lakh from his employer's home, has been arrested in Lucknow.Pasi was nabbed on the basis of a complaint registered against him at Navrangpura police station by his employer, Rajiv Chhajar. In his complaint, Chhajar had pointed the needle of suspicion towards Pasi. The theft was committed on August 13 when Chhajar, a resident of Kalpana Society in Mithakhali, had gone out of house with his family.Based on the complaint, the city cops put Chhajar's mobile phone under surveillance and traced him to Uttar Pradesh. After this, the police intimated the special task force (STF) of UP and sought help in tracking down the suspect.On Friday, the operation achieved success. In a joint operation with the STF, Ahmedabad city police arrested Pasi from Lucknow. According to the Navrangpura police officials who were part of the operation, the stolen ornaments and cash were also recovered from Pasi. The city police team will return along with the suspect on Saturday, said police sources.Two other persons associated with Pasi have been detained in Delhi, said Navrangpura police. \"After the theft, Pasi had called up his cousin Arjun and uncle Madan and had told them about his misdeed. Both of them were also on the run along with Pasi. Arjun and Madan have been detained in Delhi. They may not be made accused in this case since they were not directly involved in the theft. However, we want to ascertain whether they were part of any larger conspiracy,\" said a Navrangpura police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15539968", "title": "\u2018Social media users lack sophistication\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pictures, SMSs, videos and threats of violence \u2014 and the special trains to Guwahati were full. This week saw an exodus of people from northeast living in Pune, Bangalore, Hyderabad and other cities following threats of violence for alleged atrocities against Bangladeshi migrants in the eastern Indian state. Pictures and videos, allegedly those of violence from Assam , were circulated. The police later said they were \"doctored\".Nitin Pai, founder of independent think tank Takshshila Institution says one needs a fresh perspective to understand the new phenomenon of what he calls \"radically networked societies\". \"Once a critical mass of people are connected, they can be mobilized faster and more easily than one can counter-mobilize them. And this is not unique to India. We are just seeing the first expression of it here,\" says Pai.Pai says that the credibility of the source is often linked to the credibility of the message. \"Ordinary people might not be trained for sifting through content and looking for attribution. There is a lack of sophistication in a large number of users of social media, who will not necessarily check before they share. That spreads panic,\" he says.Writer and social commentator Santosh Desai feels it is easy to buy into any piece of information that can partly confirm what we believe. \"When we have a deep-rooted anxiety and are presented with something plausible, it fans the flames. The more outrageous a piece of gossip, the more credible it becomes,\" says Desai.Rumours often vitiate the atmosphere during times of strife. Half-truths have been used to mobilize social groups even in the 19th century \u2014 the story of cartridges greased with pig/cow fat played a key role in the 1857 Sepoy revolt. But now in the age of mobile phones, rumours can spread faster and to a much larger area, carrying a veneer of authenticity in the garb of 'evidence'.Faraz Ahmed of Pakistan's Express Tribune lists a whole series of misattributed photographs circulated online in a blog post dated as far back as July 19. It includes inter alia, a picture of a Tibetan protestors running through the streets of Delhi, his body on fire. The original picture appeared in various news agencies. The blog, then, carries a screenshot of a Facebook page with the same picture that labels it as that of a Muslim being burnt in Burma . The picture has over 160 likes and 175 shares at the time the screenshot was taken \u2014 certainly by those who had not kept up with the news in the past.Sunil Abraham, executive director, Centre for Internet and Society says that responsible sharing and consumption can be made possible through \"media literacy.\" He points out it was possible for the police to regulate this content. \"When web content is used to undermine public order it can be legitimately censored using due process of law. The police could have used provisions under the IT Act to have the content blocked or removed. No new regulations are necessary to deal with spreading rumours using Internet technology,\" says Abraham.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15540608", "title": "Discussion on mystery of human origin", "text": "VARANASI: BHU vice-chancellor Lalji Singh discussed the three theories of human evolution - muti-regional model (8-18 lakh years old), modern African model (1-2 lakh years old) and assimilation/hybrid model while delivering a point-point presentation on 'Mystery of human origin' on Thursday.Singh, who is former director of the Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology (CCMB) in Hyderbad, is also known as the father of DNA fingerprinting in India. He and his group of scientists studied genetic biodiversity of human population with special emphasis on the vanishing tribes of Andaman and Nicobar islands, using y-chromosomal markers and mitochondrial DNA sequencing.Data indicates that the Andamanese have closer affinities to Asian than to African population and suggests that they are the descendants of the early Paleolithic colonizers of southeast Asia - the hunter gatherers and the first migrants moved out of Africa. This study revealed that two tribes in Andamans are the descendants of the people who migrated 70,000 years ago from Africa.This is considered to be a path-breaking work showing that Onge and Great Andamanese (Negreto tribes) have evolved in the Andman islands in genetic isolation independently. For the first time, his group has provided genetic evidences in support of out-of-Africa theory and proposed that there was only one wave of out-of-Africa migration through the southern sea-route via India. It is likely that the first humans crossed the Red Sea and spread to Australia via India and southeast Asia through the southern coastal route. This is in contrast with the prevailing concept of northern route of migration.The findings by his group indicated that Indian mtDNA pool consists of several deep-rooted lineage of macrohaplogroup 'M' suggesting in situ origin of these haplogroups in India and its subsequent migration to southeast Asia. These further supported one wave of rapid dispersal theory of modern humans along the Asian coast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kochar market", "code": "15540839", "title": "Money changer murdered", "text": "KOCHAR MARKET: Yet another murder shocked the city on Friday morning, when the body of the owner of a money exchange firm, Sukhjinder Singh, 34, was found with the throat slit in Kochar Market on Rahon Road.Sukhjinder, a resident of Bajra village of Ludhiana district, was murdered in his office here around 10am. His body was discovered by a businessman when he went to meet him. He soon apprised other shopkeepers and police of the incident. Sukhjinder was taken to Christian Medical College and Hospital, where doctors declared him brought dead. His post-mortem was conducted at civil hospital. His brother, Balwinder Singh, said, \"Minutes after Sukhjinder left for his office in his car, we received a call that he had been murdered. How can anyone kill my brother... he had rivalry with none.\" A rope was found around his neck.Satpal Kochar, a trader in the market, said, \"Neither we heard any shriek, nor saw anyone entering or leaving the office. Besides, his office has dark glasses. Such an incident had never happened in Kochar Market. The murder has triggered panic here.\"Ludhiana deputy commissioner of police Gurpreet Singh Toor said, \"Lakhs of rupees and a laptop have been stolen from the office. As it has no CCTV camera, we have obtained the footage of a camera installed in a nearby shop. A case has been registered.\"Sources said cash of over Rs 2 lakh was looted from the office.Sukhjinder, who had set up his business here five years ago, is survived by his wife and two sons, Gur Partap Singh and Ajay Partap Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15540434", "title": "Gujarat right place to invest: Japan envoy", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Japan's consul-general in Mumbai, Kiyoshi Asako, appeared quite impressed with the infrastructure he saw in and around Ahmedabad on his first visit to Gujarat on Friday and declared that scores of Japanese companies were lining up to make investments in the state due to the same reason. He said that compared to Mumbai, he found Ahmedabad greener and with better managed traffic.He also praised the power situation in the state, security and the friendly labour, in the backdrop of the recent black-out in north and east India and the problems Maruti Suzuki is facing in Haryana.\"Ahmedabad seems to have the right pace. It is not as busy as Mumbai and we Japanese are happy to learn that there are many golf courses around the city.\"Asako felt that Gujarat was bound to attract Japanese investments, being strategically located on the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor. Chief minister Narendra Modi's recent visit to Japan made more Japanese companies consider Gujarat as the right location to invest in India.During his meet with Modi on Friday, the two discussed how ties between Japan and Gujarat could be strengthened with a possible tie-up during the 'Vibrant Gujarat' investment meet to be held in January 2013. Projects, including a 'Mini Japan' township, also figured in the talks. \"Japanese companies will be happy to invest in a township which provides a familiar environment for better quality of life,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15540516", "title": "A towering industrialist", "text": "SURAT: Those visiting Dubai will see that the world's tallest tower, Burj Khalifa has - at the face of it - a Surat connection. The 828-metre-high tower has been clad, its external walls installed, by GEAP Group. The UAE-based multi-billion-dollar diversified trading and manufacturing corporation is promoted by 70-year-old Surti non-resident Gujarati (NRG), Mahendra Patel.Patel's company got the opportunity to be part of one of the world's most prestigious projects after a Switzerland-based curtain walling giant, the leading contractor in the project, collapsed in February-2006. The contractor's UAE facility, however, remained solvent, and Patel's company acquired it and began work on the Burj Khalifa in early 2007.A son of the soil, Patel's family has a history of business from the 18th century. His forefathers began as cotton growers and his great grandfather introduced the first cotton ginning unit in Surat.Mahendra's passion for buying troubled companies began in the 1960s. He first took over an ailing clock-manufacturing company in the city in 1962. He next ventured into manufacturing welding rods by taking over sick units in Surat, Coimbatore and Banglore and expanded manufacturing to 22 units across the country.Patel landed in the Middle East in the early 1970s, and set up a welding rods factory to serve the region's construction market. Dubai was chosen because of political security and growth potential as a local market and international business hub.\"We believed in the region and invested in it, using our education and strong managerial background. I can say our dream came true, as we've been involved in all of the region's major projects, such as Jebel Ali port, Emirates Towers, Burj al Arab and Burj Khalifa. These projects changed Dubai's and drew the world's attention and admiration,\" said Patel, who visits the diamond city twice or thrice a year, where he stays at his sprawling Athwalines bungalow.In the mid 80s, a UK-based paint company was in financial trouble after a major customer went bankrupt. It made paint for road markings, known as thermoplastic road marking material. Patel's company bought the organization, offered the existing management a 20% stake, and had it making money in six months. But, the company's original management made unreasonable demands and GEAP exited.\"Some years later, the paint maker was in fresh trouble, and approached us again. This time, we bought the equipment, shipped it 3,000 miles away, and set up a factory closer home, in the Gulf,\" said Patel.In 2002, Patel set up GEAP foods even though he didn't know the food business. He had some understanding from his chandling business - supplying ships with supplies and services at port. The food subsidiary is now a leading distributor in Dubai and supplies food products and consumables to clients from across market sectors.In 2009, Patel's firm opened one of the world's most sophisticated steel factories, at a new site in Dubai's Techno Park. \"Although we were one of the largest importers of steel, we are probably the first company to think of steel processing, where there is value addition,\" says Mahendra.From a niche supplier into the UAE to one of the largest single-location steel plants in the world, the firm now has diversified interests, ranging from building materials to specialized contracting, chemicals, shipping and infrastructure with a presence in UAE, Oman, India, Europe, USA and UK.\"We have achieved a lot on foreign soil. Now, I want to do something for my hometown, Surat. I am setting up a large composite wood manufacturing facility on the city's outskirts, to cater to the burgeoning construction industry,\" said Patel, who lives with his family, including his 39-year-old son Manish Patel and his wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15540363", "title": "Good Samaritan Vaiko helps accident victims", "text": "MADURAI: Marumalarchi Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (MDMK) general secretary Vaiko played Good Samaritan on Friday and got down on the road to help two accident victims near Madurai.Vaiko, along with his party functionaries was heading to Paramakudi from Madurai when he spotted two youth who met with an accident and struggling with bleeding injuries near Kalukerkadaivilakku near Thirupuvanam in Sivaganga district.The youth, Maruthupandi and Muniyandi from Avarangadu near Thirupuvanam were college students and were heading to Madurai in a motorcycle.When their motorcycle reached Kalukerkadaivilakku, a school van rammed into their vehicle. Maruthupandi and Muniyandi were flung to the ground and had suffered severe bleeding injuries.Even as the public informed the ambulance and were waiting for it, the MDMK leader, who was passing by, saw the two wreathing in pain and stopped by.He got down from the car and with the help of party functionaries helped shift the two to the roadside.Vaiko and his partymen then shifted the two into the same school van and sent them to the government hospital. Vaiko also sent a few partymen to accompany the injured to the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15540480", "title": "Gujarat University syndicate meet today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The syndicate and academic council of Gujarat University is scheduled to meet on Saturday amid speculations.Normally these meetings are held after a gap of every two months, but this time around they have been convened at a gap of a month by the acting vice-chancellor Mukul Shah.The constitution of boards for various subjects and selection of their chairman would be the key agenda at the meeting of the academic council.Sources say that the syndicate meeting has been convened to execute some jobs of a prominent member of the body. The works done by the acting vice-chancellor would also be approved in the meeting.Meanwhile, city police recorded statements of various syndicate members in the light of the controversy over closure of the university printing press and additional printing of answer sheets. The statements were recorded following court directions in a case in which former vice-chancellor Parimal Trivedi is an accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15539943", "title": "Shinde vows tough action against guilty", "text": "NEW DELHI: Home minister Sushilkumar Shinde hailed the unity displayed with Lok Sabha speaking in \"one voice\" in support for the people from the northeast and promised tough action against mischief makers who had instigated rumours and fabricated video clips to fuel violence.The minister, who is yet to fully settle into his new job, said he was told of the exodus of students from Bangalore by PM Manmohan Singh when he received a telephone call upon his arrival at IGI airport here a few days ago. \"While we are investigating the source of the rumours....but we have no information so far,'' he said.He underlined that the government is taking matters seriously. Shinde pointed out that 170 people had been arrested for the violence in Kokrajhar and other areas of lower Assam, 24 in Mumbai and 13 in Pune. He appealed to all those who had left their places of work and studies and fled to northeast to return and get on with their normal lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15539938", "title": "Helmet rule compulsory on all Goan roads: Minister", "text": "PANAJI: Transport minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar appears set to implement the \"helmet for rider and pillion rider\" rule on all types of roads in Goa within 15 days.Dhavalikar told TOI on Friday that the rule will not only be applicable to highways but to all roads, including state highways, major district roads and even village roads. \"There will be no exemptions. The rule will be implemented as per the Central Motor Vehicle Act,\" Dhavalikar said.To what extent Dhavalikar will succeed remains to be seen. In 2004, the Manohar Parrikar-led government had sought to implement the helmet rule in Goa. But widespread opposition saw the government restrict the wearing of helmets only to national highways.Dhavalikar is aware of the possible public reaction. As a preemptive measure he has been garnering support to the cause by writing letters to all MLAs, ZP members, village panchayat members, journalists and others.The minister starts by citing some grim statistics. He states that stats show that every year approximately 300 lives are lost on Goan roads due to accidents. A majority of the victims are two-wheeler riders and pillion riders. In a survey of the last 10 years, two-wheelers contributed to 26% road accidents in Goa and two-wheeler accidents accounted for 36% of road accident deaths, he states.\"This is definitely a serious issue and you will agree with me that it is a matter of concern for every Goan. As a first step towards road safety, I would like to invoke the provisions of Section 129 of the MVA which states that 'every person driving or riding a motorcycle of any class or description shall, while in a public place, wear protective headgear of such description as may be specified by the state government',\" states Dhavalikar's letter. He has solicited the views of the elected representatives and other recipients of his letters \"within the next 15 days so as to take a holistic view on the issue\".When contacted on Friday, Dhavalikar said opposition leader Pratapsingh Rane had phoned him to pledge his total support. \"He is firm on implementing this rule and urged me to implement it immediately,\" Dhavalikar said.The transport minister said he has already moved the file for implementation and if there are no responses to his letters, he will presume that the recipients agree with him. \"For safeguarding our lives, we should abide by this rule,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15540501", "title": "Man evicts dad from home", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On Friday afternoon, an aged man Jayanti Modi knocked on the doors of Jeevan Sandhya - an old-age home at Naranpura. He was crying inconsolably.Though such developments are commonplace for authorities of the old-age home but the story narrated by Modi got them to sit up and take notice. Modi, 60, had been driven out of his home by his son. Now, the son threatened Modi of dire consequences if he did not transfer the house in his name.Gauging the seriousness of the matter, the old-age home authorities called up the city police for help. Joint commissioner of police, Ajay Tomar, along with his team assured to help the senior citizen.Modi's story began in Naroda 40 years ago where he used to work in power looms and stayed in a modest one-room apartment. After the death of his wife, he married off his son and daughter single-handedly.However, soon after his son got married, he and his wife started pestering Modi to change the legal ownership of the property to their names. Modi tried to reason with them but to no avail. The bitterness of this battle over property only intensified with each passing day.To put an end to this problem, Modi left his home and started living in rented accommodation at Rakhial. Meanwhile, in order to help his son get a viable livelihood, Modi withdrew some of his retirement money and bought him an autorickshaw.Even this failed to resolve the property dispute between them. On May 14, Naroda police marched up to Modi's house. He was taken aback when the cops told him that his daughter-in-law had filed a complaint of dowry against him. He had been accused by the woman of mental harassment by repeated demands for a hefty dowry.Shocked by this sudden turn of events, Modi suffered a heart attack and had to be admitted to the Shardaben Hospital. A week after being discharged, Modi approached Naroda police but was arrested in connection with the complaint filed against him. After being released on bail, Modi met his son to talk about this development and was told that the complaint would be withdrawn only if he handed over the legal ownership of his house.Modi felt his world collapsing around him and found himself alone in the battle for survival. It was at this juncture that he turned towards the old-age home. Trustee of Jeevan Sandhya, Farsu Kakkad, said: \"We can accommodate this helpless man. But, doing this would mean losing ownership of the property to the bullying son. We instead chose to be on Modi's side in this fight and then contacted police for help.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15538290", "title": "Students move into campuses", "text": "BANGALORE: Most campuses saw a dip in attendance level as students from the northeast did not turn up for classes. At St Joseph's College, which had fervently asked students to stay back, the number of students in classes decreased. \"Parents back home are worried. They're sending tickets and asking students to return. I've given 100 students permission to leave,\" said principal Fr Daniel Fernandes.At Jyothi Nivas College, students keen on staying back didn't come to college. \"Most decided not to step out. Others are finding it difficult to commute. I was told that auto drivers are fleecing them,\" said K Vanjamalathy, public administration officer.Other colleges also reported students leaving for home. Baldwins Methodist College, has around 60 NE students, but 20 left for home. Bishop Cottons Women's Christian College also said half of the NE students didn't come in on Friday. Ditto with Mount Carmel College where more than half the students, numbering over 100, took permission to go home.Many students have accepted colleges' offer to stay on campus; in St Joseph's, 20 have already moved in and 18 girls have asked for permission. In MCC, five girls moved into the campus.Students' forums said none of their friends reported any violence. \"Many students are leaving, especially those in first year; they're quite shaken. But the gestures of the government and colleges have been reassuring,\" said Anirban Dutta, coordinator, North East and Tibetan Forum.Rashi Jauhri of Students for Free Tibet said: \"Most students are now banking on the government's assurances. But their parents are not, which is understandable.\"Exams, counseling rescheduledThe higher education department has come to the rescue of northeast students those who have missed out their internal examinations and counseling. The department will set aside alternative dates for them.\"There are 4,000 students from the northeast studying in different colleges in Karnataka; 2,000 in Bangalore city and 365 in engineering colleges. We'll hold re-examinations for them if needed,\" higher education CT Ravi said. He has also issued a diktat to college managements to provide hostel facilities to students living in rented rooms.POL bureau to add on exams/ Filed by: Sruthy/ Cleared by: Pix by: asif", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15540646", "title": "Day later: UT police yet to act", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after receiving the complaint from Raminder Kaur against three youths for threatening her and her daughter Rijakdeep and attack on them, Chandigarh police are sitting on it and have not even bothered to contact its counterpart Mohali police on Friday.In the name of investigation, merely a DDR was registered and no efforts were made to ascertain the details about already arrested two of the youths Maninder and Tejinder Singh. The DDR was registered at police station, Sector 39.Sources said, \"Nobody from police station, Sector 39, went to Mohali to ascertain the details about the Bullet motorcycle, the registration number of which was provided to Chandigarh police by the girl's mother.\"PS Phase-I SHO Gurdeep Singh said, \"We also came to know that a complaint was also lodged with Chandigarh police, but we have not received any communication from UT police in this regard. If Chandigarh police will seek any information, we will provide it.\"While PS 39 SHO Charanjit Singh didn't take calls when TOI tried to contact him to ascertain the status of complaint, DSP B S Negi claimed that the complaint is still pending and under investigation.The family members of injured mother-daughter duo also claimed that had Chandigarh police acted timely, incident could have been averted. Meanwhile, Rijakdeep and Raminder have been discharged from GMCH-32.Rijakdeep and Raminder Kaur were not able to talk much, Amrik Singh, father of girl, said, \"Chandigarh police should had taken the action against youths. Rijakdeep's school is situated in Chandigarh and one of the assailants is still absconding.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15538678", "title": "Civic body to drop Kondhwa abattoir privatisation plan", "text": "PUNE: The ruling Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and the Congress on Friday announced that the civic standing committee's resolution to privatise the civic abattoir in Kondhwa will be quashed.On Tuesday, the standing committee had approved the privatisation plan pending since May. Opposition Shiv Sena , too, had approved the resolution while the BJP had opposed the same.However, on Friday, all parties were unanimous in quashing the resolution. The privatisation was opposed by civic activists and social organisations citing that the civic body had recently spent over Rs 6 crore on renovating and modernising the abattoir.At Friday's general body meeting, the BJP staged a dharna demanding that the ruling alliance scrap the decision. BJP members alleged that privatisation of the abattoir would facilitate cow slaughter. Mayor Vaishali Bankar said the resolution was approved by the standing committee and has not been tabled before the GB.BJP city unit president and corporator Vikas Mathkari said the rulingNCP had promised that the slaughterhouse will not be privatised. \"By approving the resolution in the standing committee, the ruling parties have deceived citizens,\" said Mathkari.Following the pandemonium, leader of the House and NCP corporator Subhash Jagtap and Congress leader in PMC Arvind Shinde told reporters that the ruling party will table the proposal before the standing committee to scrap the decision.\"Considering the sentiments of certain groups and communities, we have decided to scrap the decision. Our leaders in the standing committee were not aware of the public sentiment and that's why they had approved the resolution to privatise the abattoir,\" said Jagtap.Of the five proposals for the tender, a Delhi-based company was selected for the contract. The operator was to cater only to the needs of the city and was not to be allowed to sell meat outside Pune.The proposal had come up for discussion in May, but the standing committee had kept it in abeyance when it faced opposition. Several warkaris and members of other communities had staged an agitation outside the civic headquarters in June, saying privatisation would lead to the slaughter of far too many animals.On Friday, various organisations and spiritual leaders of the Jain community agitated against the standing committee resolution favouring privatisation. Requesting them to withdraw the protest, all party leaders promised that the privatisation plan will be scrapped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15540841", "title": "Traffic diversion from PAU gate 1", "text": "LUDHIANA: When heading towards Mullanpur, Jagraon, Moga and Ferozepur on Ferozepur Road during the next three months, you will have to take a diversion near Sidhwan Canal bridge. The diversion has been created in the wake of the construction of two under bridges near the canal bridge on the road.The traffic leading to these destinations would divert from PAU Gate No 1 and would be routed back to Ferozepur Road moving from Sarabha Nagar and heading towards Verka milk plant.The decision to divert traffic was taken jointly by deputy commissioner Rahul Tewari, police commissioner Ishwar Singh and municipal commissioner R K Verma following discussions with public works department engineers and representatives of Supreme Infrastructure Company, which has the construction contract.The authorities inspected the construction sight and the diversion spot on Sidhwan Canal on Friday before taking the final decision.However, the residents of Sarabha Nagar and of BRS Nagar are unhappy with the development as the diverted traffic would be routed through these localities. They feel the additional diverted traffic will make roads congested and cause traffic snarls in these areas. Businessman Sudesh Sethi from Sarabha Nagar said the increased traffic density on the roads in the area would be a risk to the children. \"So far, we had light traffic, but the diversion would cause more vehicles to pass through in high speeds,\" says Sethi.Vikrant Prabhakar, a transporter who resides at BRS Nagar B block says, \"The roads in these areas are already congested because of the school traffic and general traffic during rush hours. Traffic is being diverted for three months now, but you never know how long these projects take to complete. The traffic till then would be a complete mess in our locality.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538932", "title": "Man gets 8-year rigorous imprisonment for raping daughter", "text": "NEW DELHI: Observing that the accused \"abused the pious relation of father and daughter\", a court has sentenced a man to eight years of rigorous imprisonment for repeatedly raping his minor daughter.Additional sessions judge Sanjay Garg imprisoned 31-year-old Raju Day saying that he does not deserve any leniency as he raped his daughter as and when he got the opportunity. He was also fined of Rs 2,000.\"It is a case of incest as the girl is his real daughter. As per the victim, when her mother was away , the accused raped her two-three times. The accused continued this inhuman act as and when he got an opportunity, even after his wife and girl's mother returned back. It is not an isolated incident but the convict sexually abused his ten-year-old daughter as and when he got the opportunity,\" the judge said.The prosecution case dates back to January last year when the victim's mother had gone to Kolkata to her maternal house and she was living with her father, Raju, and three siblings at Mandawali in east Delhi. Till April 27 last year \u2014 when the complaint was lodged \u2014 Raju had raped the girl five to six times, the prosecution said.In his defence, Raju said that he was falsely implicated as his wife was trying to push their daughter into prostitution and when he objected, she filed a false case against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15542643", "title": "Amake Dekhun; an uncommon story of a common man", "text": "Interest' is a rather interesting term. It drives you to act upon anything and everything that catches your attention. It makes you observe. So, when a 'regular' man walks past you at the bank, bumps into you on a crowded bus or in a public place, you don't notice him. It doesn't interest you and is not in your interest either. But when this everyday man comes up on stage, begging you to notice him, you listen to him, once, with rapt attention \u2014 because he has a story to tell. 'Amake Dekhun', one of Shirshendu Mukherjee's revered short stories, narrates the tale of one such man. Arindam Basu (yes, his name isn't uncommon either) is your 'average man' \u2014 someone with a nine-to-five job, has a caring homemaker wife and a naughty kid, and leads, again, an 'uninteresting' life. Bringing him alive on stage is thespian Goutam Halder, who is the director and sole performer in the play. Never before has a regular man been welcomed with a roar of applause like the one Halder receives as the curtains go up. Clad in dhoti-panjabi with a muffler around his head, he looks every bit the Bangali babu you may have crossed this morning at Chowringhee, on your way to office. Tapping his foot on the ground uncomfortably yet holding a smug look on his face, Halder cuts a fine picture of the restless office-goer. As Halder starts narrating Arindam's story, you pay attention to how much a regular man uses his hands to express himself \u2014 fidgeting with his muffler when he feels shy, playing with the strap of his jhola when he's speaking of his wife, tapping fingers when he's made some mischief and giggling with his hand covering his mouth (mukh tipe hasha) as an aftermath of that mischief. He makes you take notice of the fifty shades of a common man as he moves from complex emotions (like what he felt when his wife couldn't recognize him in a semi-crowded New Market) to simpler feelings like love for his four-year-old son, Hapu. Portraying 5 ft 2 inches of commonness, Halder is unique. The ease with which he transforms from being Arindam's coy wife one moment to the enthusiastic Hapu the next, from a loyal bank customer to a tea shop cashier, is exemplary. Also, this Naye Natua production, like most Halder plays, is a lesson in voice modulation and control. The background music by Mokam is the only other performer in the play and helps refine the tone for Arindam's tragic saga. So the next time you come across an Arindam Basu, who comes up to you to say, \"I'm not telepathy, not Creek Row, not even India... there's a certain distinction between Arindam Basu and these other words,\" you will know what you hadn't seen before \u2014 'Amake Dekhun'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15539476", "title": "Explosion in detonator storehouse, none injured", "text": "NAGPUR: A storehouse of detonators blew up at the premises of Economic Explosives, a leading manufacturer of industrial explosives, in Bazargaon, around 40 kms from here. The explosion occurred at around 10.30am on Friday in the magazine (storehouse) section of the unit which is a subsidiary of Solar Explosives, a listed company.Although there were no casualties, the sound of the blast could be heard in areas as far as Godhni, which is 5 kms as the crow flies, from Bazargaon.This is the second blast within a span of one-and-a-half years, with the earlier one having taken place in May last year at the magazine of AMA Industries which is located in the same area. The impact of this blast was so intense that it was recorded on the Richter scale.The police and Petroleum and Safety Organization (PESO) are conducting a joint investigation into the case. PESO is the apex government body involved in ensuring compliance of safety norms in the explosive manufacturing business and is headquartered in the city.Manoj Kumar Sharma, SP Nagpur Rural, said an offence can be registered if the probe brings out any negligence on part of the company. \"CCTV was not fixed in the company despite repeated reminders. We have now issued a 30-day ultimatum to its officials,\" said Sharma.The officer said it was also found that the magazines at Economic Explosives did not have security seals. The company has been directed to keep the rooms sealed too. Explosives has 14 magazines for storing detonators and other explosives at Bazargaon.Explosives director Manish Nuwal said the explosion could have occurred due to the impact made when the boxes carrying detonators fell. About the security seals and CCTVs, he said, \"The magazines are sealed in the evening and specialized locks are used during the daytime. The work on installing CCTVs was under way and the police had issued instructions on these lines only a day before the blast.\"The incident once again brought to fore the helplessness of PESO. Its controller general, TR Thomas told TOI that little can be done as the organization is grossly understaffed. There are around 25 explosives companies in Nagpur but PESO has only two inspectors posted to keep a tab on them.There is a similar mismatch in the other places too as PESO has to cover more than 77,000 establishments throughout the country for which it has only 122 officers. Thomas, however, refused to give details about Friday's incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15538803", "title": "Two students from Meghalaya threatened", "text": "PUNE: Two students from Meghalaya were threatened by an unidentified man near Dandekar bridge on Thursday afternoon.The students filed a complaint application with the Dattawadi police on Friday. While police have prepared an 'occurrence report' on the incident, no official complaint has been registered so far.Complainant Rahul Khongsar, a class XI student of Pusha Devi Dugad junior College on Pune-Satara road, said he and his friend Synsharlang Lymba were returning to their room in Karvenagar after college. \"When we reached Dandekar bridge area, one person stopped us and asked about our identity,\" he said.Khongsar said though he told the man that both of them were from east Khasi hills district of Meghalaya, he refused to believe them. \"The person also forced my friend Lymba to smoke a cigarette,\" he said.Khongsar said the man warned them not to come out of their room for the next two days. \"The person also threatened us that if 'we' continued the riots in Assam , we will have to face grievous consequences.\"The students then contacted Mayur Karjatkar who works for a social organization. Karjatkar helped them report the incident to the Dattawadi police.Khongsar and Lymba also submitted a complaint application at the Pune police commissioner's office on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15538116", "title": "IFCI piles on Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd woes", "text": "HYDERABAD: After having dragged Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd (DCHL) to the Debts Recovery Tribunal in Delhi and AP high court, state-run financial institution IFCI Ltd has also approached the Company Law Board in Chennai over DCHL's failure to redeem non-convertible debentures(NCDs) worth Rs 25 crore, that were due in June end this year. The CLB is likely to take up the matter for hearing next week.IFCI, in its petition, has urged CLB to invoke Section 117 C of the Companies Act to make DCHL honour the NCDs that it issued last year. Section 117 C deals with the liability of a company to create security and debenture redemption reserve.Every company which issues NCDs has to create a reserve for the redemption of debentures. The company has to credit adequate amounts from its profits every year until the debentures are redeemed. The funds reserved for the redemption of debentures cannot be used by the company for any other purpose.If a company fails to redeem debentures on maturity, CLB can, on application of any or all debenture holders, direct the company to redeem the debentures by paying principal and interest.Any default in complying with the CLB order by any official of the company is punishable by imprisonment of up to three years and a fine of at least Rs 500 per day for the default period. Meanwhile, in a separate development, justice B Seshasayana Reddy of the AP high court on Friday gave DCHL three weeks time to file its counter to IFCI's petition urging the court to wind up DCHL, liquidate its assets and repay its Rs 25 crore NCDs.In his arguments, the counsel for DCHL told the court that IFCI had filed three petitions against the company before three separate forums for same relief.\"First IFCI filed before DRT, Delhi, which attached our bank accounts and paid Rs 6 crore from it to IFCI. Then it approached CLB and now it has come before the AP high Court,\" the DCHL counsel said. The judge asked him to put the same in the reply petition and file it within three weeks.In response to IFCI's petition, DRT in Delhi has already attached bank accounts of the company with Punjab National Bank , ICICI Bank and HDFC bank in Hyderabad and Chennai.In a separate development, DRT , Hyderabad, in response to a petition filed by another lender IDFC Ltd has already restrained the DCHL management from transferring their shares to third parties and has asked them to furnish details of their various assets.Meanwhile, the DCHL scrip touched another all-time low of Rs 9.55 per share on Friday on the Bombay Stock Exchange but recovered later in the day to close 1% up at Rs 10.15 a share.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15539851", "title": "Two accused of forgery to obtain loan", "text": "PANAJI: Jairam Vithal Shenoy, chief manager of the Panaji branch of Dena bank, has complained that from September 22, 2006 to October 11, 2006, Vijay Kumar Kashinath Phadke and Kalpana Vijay Phadke from Borda Margao, allegedly prepared a forged copy of a sale deed of a plot at Nuvem and obtained a mortgage loan of 2 lakh on the said plot.The two were accused of fraudulently inducing the bank to sanction the loan to them and after withdrawing the loan amount did not pay the loan, thereby cheating the Dena bank to a tune of 1,86,000. Police sub-inspector (PSI) Pravin Powar is the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15538575", "title": "Banks set for an extended festival break", "text": "LUCKNOW: If you haven't done shopping for Eid yet, make sure you have enough cash in hand to spend on the festival exigencies. After Saturday, you will have just one-day window - Tuesday, August 21 -- to do your transactions before banks reopen next Friday. And Saturday being the half day, banks are expected to witness a mad rush on the festive weekend.While it will be Sunday on August 19, Eid is most likely to fall the next day, which is Monday. After reopening on Tuesday, the banks will again stop business for the next two days -- August 22 and August 23 - due to a strike called by United Federation of Bank Unions (UFBU). P 4in protest against the proposed reforms in the banking sector and outsourcing of jobs.This peculiar situation is all set to affect banking transactions amid strong possibilities of ATMs running dry. According to an estimate, Lucknow alone records transactions to the tune of around Rs 200 crore per day. This goes up during the festival season.In fact, even on Tuesday, when banks reopen for a day, there will be protest of bank employee in different districts, including Lucknow. \"This would badly affect the operations. We don't want this. But we are forced to resort take such steps,\" said Tahir Ali, district president of National Confederation of Bank Employee Association, which is part of UFBU, an umbrella organization comprising five employee unions and four officer unions of state-run banks in the country.The bank employees are angry with the Centre-appointed Khandelwal panel which suggested a slew of measures, including more outsourcing of non-core activities in a time-bound manner. Besides advocating raising the standard for recruitment, including testing of computer skills, the committee also suggested that the minimum qualification for clerks and sub-staff should be graduation and class 10, respectively.Though the chief labour commissioner has called the bank unions on August 21 for a conciliation meeting on strike notice, the employee and officers keep their fingers crossed. There are about 87,000 branches of public sector banks across the country. The state-owned banks control about 75% business.Notably, banks have lost 11 holidays this year. In January 2011, the UP government removed 11 holidays notified in the state gazette under the negotiable instrument act which governs banks. Until last year, the banks used to have 32 holidays. This year, the number has been reduced to 21, a bank official said.The state government employees faced no such cuts. The state government offices and banks were closed on August 10 for Janmashtami and August 15 Independence Day. With August 10 being Friday, it provided an extended weekend to the state government employees as offices were closed for second Saturday. After working days on Monday and Tuesday, Wednesday (August 15) was again a holiday.On Friday, the state government offices were closed for Alvida namaz. And after the weekend, Eid most probably falls on Monday. So, between August 9 and 20, most state government employees needed to work just for three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15540560", "title": "District courts in grip of election fever", "text": "KANPUR: Kanpur and Kanpur Dehat district courts are now in the grip of election fever. The nominations for the bar elections will commence on August 22. Hoardings, posters and pamphlets can be seen since the last one week. Voting is scheduled to be held on August 30.Hoardings containing photographs of prospective candidates could be seen outside the court campus.The race to occupy space outside the campus began in the beginning of July, when courts reopened after summer vacations.A candidate said that the elders committee has prohibited hoardings inside the court campus so these have been placed outside. Inside the court campus, posters of candidates having photographs and posts for which they are contesting could be witnessed on almost every wall of chambers and court building.Small stickers have been pasted in lifts and doors of chambers. The candidates are also contacting the lawyers personally and through SMSes and e-mails to get support.According to a member of the elders committee, the elections schedule is as follows: August 22 &amp; 23 - nomination, August 24 - scrutiny, August 25 - withdrawal, August 30 - voting and September 1 - counting of votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15540858", "title": "States to breathe easy as rains fill major dams", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With Pong Dam and Bhakra reservoir achieving comfortable water level, water woes of north Indian states appear to have ended till next year. Incessant rains in Himachal have given the much-needed reprieve for people as water in all dams has reached comfortable levels.Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan, which have been forced to bear 10% cuts on irrigation water by the Bhakra Beas Management Board, can hope to have the cuts lifted in the next meeting of partner states scheduled for month-end. Ashok Thapar, member, power, BBMB said, \"With rains in the past week, the situation has eased a little and we hope that the cuts imposed on states will get rationalized if rains continue on course. If not, then we might have to think of more cuts.\"The water level in Bhakra dam on Friday was 1599.77 feet with water inflows of 39,918 cusecs. The level in Pong dam was 1,329.6 feet with inflows of 29,281 cusecs. BBMB officials said the situation is a far improvement from 1,576 feet water level in Bhakra about a fortnight ago. However, it is far less than the level of 1,662 feet registered at this time of the year. The maximum water level that can be stored in Bhakra is 1,680 feet and that in Pong is 1,390 feet.The partner states had even expressed concern over reducing water supply as it could have adverse implications on sowing of kharif crops including paddy, maize. Punjab and Haryana have a total of 30.88 lakh hectares and 29 lakh hectares of land under irrigation system.BBMB officials say that there might not be a need to despair since the filling period of dams is up to September 20. With retreating monsoon getting active, especially in Himachal Pradesh , the dams are getting good inflows, especially from Satluj river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15539218", "title": "Gold jewellery demand falls", "text": "SURAT: World Gold Council's (WGC) second quarter report on the performance of global gold demand including in China and India has added to the worries of Surat's diamantiares.As per the report, India's gold jewellery demand in the second quarter fell 30% and that the investment demand dropped 47% compounded by yinflation and concerns over a weak monsoon season. While the gold jewellery demand in China fell by around 7% and the investment gold demand dropped by 4%.The report further added that the gold investment demand in India has fallen to 181.3 tonne down from 294.5 tonne in the same period previous year and that the jewellery demand experienced a noticeable drop to 124.8 tonne from 179.5 tonne in the previous year. In China, the jewellery demand was 144.9 tonne down from 156.6 tones in the same period last year.The Indian jewellery retailing market is estimated at Rs 97,000 crore as of 2009-10, contributing around 6% of the overall retailing industry in India. This makes jewellery the largest contributor of India's overall retail industry.Within the jewellery retailing market in India, the share of gold jewellery is estimated at 70% and the balance 30% comprises diamonds and gemstone jewellery.In India, organized retailers account for a mere 4% of the total jewellery retail market. There are about 15,000 vendors across the country in the gold processing industry, with over 450,000 gold smiths spread across the country. There are also more than 6,000 vendors in the diamond-processing industry. Gold is consumed most in south (37%), west (32%), north (18%) and east (13%).Industry experts said that the diamond jewellery market in India is pegged at Rs 25,000 crore and about 90 per cent of the polished diamonds are studded in the gold jewellery articles like rings, earrings, necklaces, bracelets, etc.The dwindling demand of gold jewellery in the country has already started ringing alarm bells for the Indian diamond industry.Dinesh Navadia, president, Surat Diamond Association (SDA), told TOI, \"After US, India and China are the most promising markets for diamond jewellery. The dwindling demand for gold in both the market is set to affect the polished diamond market.\"According to Navadia, the domestic demand for polished diamonds is pegged at $6 billion per annum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "15540818", "title": "Woman, daughter commit suicide in Jhajjar", "text": "ROHTAK: A woman and her teenaged daughter committed suicide in Guda village of Jhajjar district on Thursday. Villagers, who found the bodies hanging from a tree, called police, who brought down the bodies. Police also found a suicide note from the spot.Dujana police post in charge Satbir Singh said Poonam Devi, 35, seemed upset after the disappearance of her husband. \"Although she owned agriculture land in the village, which was the only source of income for the family, she (Poonam) was obviously shattered,\" he added.\"In her suicide note, Poonam said her husband had gone missing under mysterious circumstances five years ago. The note said the mother and daughter were voluntarily ending their lives. They held no one responsible,\" a spokesman of Jhajjar police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15540543", "title": "Cherish in line for triple crown", "text": "MUMBAI: Fast improving Cherish D'Souza is in line for a triple crown, having made the finals of the Girls under-19 , U-17 and U-15 singles events in the ongoing Mumbai Suburban District Badminton Championships being played at the Celebration Club in Lokhandwala on Friday.Cherish won both the U-19 and U-17 singles in straight games but was taken the distance in the U-15 semifinals by Stut Agarwal. But the girl who caused a major upset was lanky Himanshi Pandey, who sent top seeded Shrey Donadkar packing with a 21-11 , 21-12 win in the U-19 semifinals and hopes to stop Cherish from running away with the U-19 crown.Another girl and favourite Kalpita Sawant too, is vying for a double crown, having made the final in the Girls' U-17 and U-15 singles.Subhankar sets up title clash with AkshaySubhankar Dey got the better of his more experienced teammate and second seeded Jishnu Sanyal to set up a title clash with the top seeded Akshay Dewalkar in the men's singles event of the 26th Thane District Badminton championships at the Navi Mumbai Sports Association on Friday.The third-seeded 19-yearold Dey beat Sanyal 21-15, 21-19. On his part, Dewalkar set aside the challenge of Shailesh Mitkari 21-16, 21-14 .In the Boys U-15 singles, Vansh Singh played impressively to beat 2nd seed Deep Rambia 15-21, 23-21, 21-15 while topseed Nihal Kothavale defeated Atharva Joshi 21-12, 21-14 in the semifinals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15538160", "title": "Suspected dengue victim dies", "text": "BANGALORE: A 15-year-old boy died due to suspected dengue shock syndrome in a private hospital on Friday.The victim, a resident of Kurubarahalli, was admitted to the hospital a month ago. He was suffering from fever. Sources said that the report, which stated that he died of suspected dengue shock syndrome, also mentions that he was suffering from brain tumour.However, BBMP health officials claimed it was not a confirmed case of dengue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15538849", "title": "Fresh cases of diarrhoea reported in east Singhbhum", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: In wake of increasing cases of malaria and diarrhoea reported in the district, the health department has announced fresh measures to check the spread of the vector-borne disease in the district particularly, in the slums and city fringes.In the last three days, nearly two dozen cases of malaria and diarrhoea have been reported in different hospitals, private and public, literally putting pressure on the health machinery to come out with effective preventive measures. \"Along with bleaching, DTT power and anti-larvicidal spraying, we are also carrying out fogging in the affected area,\" said district malaria officer L B P Singh.The densely populated slums in all the three notified areas of Jamshedpur, Mango and Jugsalai in the Dhalbhum subdivision are the worst affected areas. The clogged drains in the said localities which were identified for cleaning several weeks ago are proving to be safe breeding ground for the mosquitoes.\"The action plan chalked out by the subdivisional officer Subodh Prasad in April this year probably failed to take off otherwise, the clogged drains in the slums would have been cleaned by now,\" claimed a functionary of the Occupational Safety and Health Association of Jharkhand.The district administration had also mulled launching special awareness campaign through pamphlets among the locals explaining them about the symptoms of the vector borne diseases and steps to prevent it but there's no such campaign visible in the district, thus far. \"In the last three days we have removed about 1,700 rundown tyres (that helps mosquito breeding) from different locations,\" said an official in the Integrated Diseases Surveillance Programme (IDSP) cell referring to the on ground measures undertaken by the department to fight vector menace.\"So far three deaths (one casualty owing to malaria and two from diarrhoea) have taken place (in the last three days),\" said district surveillance officer Dr Swaran Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15538728", "title": "2 speeches provoked mob, feel cops", "text": "MUMBAI: The special investigation team probing Saturday's violence suspects that two speeches delivered by the leaders at Azad Maidan were provocative. While the police have detained a youth from Govandi, suspected of having desecrated the 1857 Martyrs' Memorial, sources said the two youths have been identified and are from Mumbra. Both are absconding from their homes. Police have also identified 20 more people behind the violence and another youth from south Mumbai for torching a vehicle.The police are also going through the call records of all the 17 leaders present on the dais to check whom they were in contact with. \"A couple of speeches appear to be provocative and we are examining them with the help of experts before coming to any conclusion,\" a senior police officer said.But community leaders dismissed it and said the sound system was defective and the speeches could not be heard outside the gate. Also, they said the rioters are believed to have started the violence far away from the protest venue.On Friday, police recorded the statement of Maulana Saeed Noori, the general secretary of Raza Academy, one of the organizers of the rally. Sources said Noori spent nearly three hours recording a detailed statement.Police on Wednesday had summoned all the 17 leaders present on the dais including Maulana Saeed Moin Ashrafi, Ibrahim Bhaijan, Rizwan Khan and retired assistant commissioner of police Shamsher Khan Pathan.\"The trouble-makers were outside the ground and those responsible for the riots were a small group that had come with an intention to do mischief. Had I and additional commissioner of police Krishna Prakash not diverted the crowd from the back gate, the situation would have been more or less like Jallianwala Bagh,\" Pathan said.Meanwhile, Salim Chaukiya, who was arrested on Thursday for carrying police SLR, has been remanded in police custody till August 24. His lawyer Mahesh Vaswani told the court that Chaukiya had gone to sell some goods to his police friend at Azad Maidan and got stuck in the mob. \"Somebody has done mischief by putting only edited videos of him running with the gun. He had snatched the gun from some youngsters and handed it over to the police and in the melee he was captured in the CCTV,\" Vaswani told the court.SOBO HORROR: A WEEK LATERThese images provided by the Mumbai police show arsonists at work near Azad Maidan last Saturday. The protesters, who had come to attend a rally decrying the violence against Muslims in Assam , torched TV outdoor broadcast (OB) van, police vehicles, BEST buses and several private cars. While 24 rioters have been arrested, police hope to identify and round up the other suspects soon.* Police suspect two of the speeches made during the rally were provocative and have called in experts to examine them* One youth from Govandi has been detained for desecrating the 1857 Martyrs' Memorial, another from south Mumbai who torched a vehicle identified* BJP and Shiv Sena have announced cash rewards for identifying two youths who desecrated the memorial* Youth suspected to be wielding a weapon denies charges, cops insist he has a criminal record* Police identify 20 more people behind the violence, all of whom are absconding* Raza Academy general secretary Maulana Saeed Noori gives detailed statement to the police", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15542923", "title": "R-Patz addicted to reading gossip about himself", "text": "Robert Pattinson has admitted that although he hates talking about his private life, he can't stop reading about himself in gossip magazines.The Twilight star compared his love for gossip to an \"addiction\".\"Yeah, I read it. It's my life. You sort of want to read it. You feel like you need to read it. It's one of those things where you keep picking the scab,\" the Daily Express quoted him as saying\"You know you shouldn't be doing it. But it's a weird kind of addiction. You desperately want to stop,\" he said.The British heartthrob has been making headlines since shooting to fame after starring in the vampire franchise, but the tabloid frenzy actor reached a peak last month when his co-star and long-time girlfriend Kristen Stewart confessed to an affair with married director Rupert Sanders.Despite the scandal, the 26-year-old the actor, who kept his interview schedules intact to promote ' Cosmopolis ', has refused to talk about his romantic problems.He insisted that he has \"never been interested in trying to sell\" details of his personal life. (", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15539878", "title": "Blood banks bleed, patients suffer a lot", "text": "PATNA: The blood banks in the state capital are in pathetic condition. While the doctors maintain that patients do suffer for want of blood, what worries them more is the poor quality of blood supplied by some of the authorized private blood banks as well as some illegal ones mushrooming in the city.The state government has authorized the Indian Red Cross Society (IRCS), Bihar branch, to maintain 17 blood banks in Bihar. But the IRCS officials are disgusted with the apathetic attitude of district health societies in releasing funds provided by the Centre.\"The funds provided by the central government are not released on time by district health societies. We are diverting our funds to maintain these 17 blood banks, which are, otherwise, on the verge of closure,\" IRCS honorary director S P Singh said.Apart from its own five, the IRCS has been maintaining 17 blood banks transferred to it by the state government.While revealing the pathetic condition of the so-called state-of-the-art model blood bank at Jai Prabha Hospital run by Bihar State Aids Control Society (BSACS), noted cardiac surgeon Dr Ajit Pradhan said he had sent a patient there with a replacement donor. The blood bank refused to take the blood of the donor because they had ample amount of that group available with them. They, instead, demanded for a blood group which they were short of. Since he was unable to provide the blood group demanded by the bank, he was refused the blood, Dr Pradhan said, adding, \"I have lodged a formal complaint with the authorities concerned but still waiting for reply.\"A patient's relative, Dineshwar Prasad Singh, who came from Chhapra on Thursday, needed three units of blood for his four-year-old child. He visited the blood bank at 10am and gave the replacement blood by 12 noon. They were asked to collect blood at 1.30pm but till 4 in the evening, he could not get blood. \"First I was asked to wait as there was power outage and then to contact senior officials at the hospital.\"According to a medical officer at the Jai Prabha blood bank, a replacement donor is required with the processing fee between Rs 250 and 500, depending on the component(s) of the blood. \"If a patient does not have a replacement donor, the blood is straightaway refused until and unless it's an emergency. Otherwise, we can't run the bank as voluntary blood donation is not more than 30%,\" he said.So, while licensed government blood banks bleed, the private and unauthorized banks have mushroomed. Former IMA national president and noted urologist Dr Ajay Kumar said a full-fledged blood transfusion trade is going on in the city. Blood is taken from donors without conducting tests.Many of these blood banks are not registered with the state drug controller, he said. \"Once during a transplant, one of my patients required blood. His relatives took blood from an unregistered bank. As the blood transfusion was to be started, it was detected with Hepatitis B which is 100 times more infectious than HIV +,\" he added.And, there are at least seven private blood banks, some of whom would take hefty processing fee. Lifeline Blood Bank at city's GM Road gives one unit of whole blood at Rs 800 while Patliputra Blood Bank sells 2 units of whole blood at Rs 2,400 with additional security money of Rs 1,000.There are no central or state government guidelines to regulate fee, said assistant state drug controller Ramesh Kumar. \"We only monitor their basic infrastructure and equipment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538460", "title": "Geetika Sharma\u2019s online account vanishes", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when police and Geetika Sharma's family are struggling to crack her email and other passwords, the big question is, who deactivated her Facebook account? Not only police but also Geetika's family and friends were shocked on Friday when they tried visiting her profile to look at some old pictures.While family members say they don't have Geetika's passwords, cyber experts have tried a number of times to hack into her accounts and have even sought the family's help, to no avail. It seems that a third entity is destroying evidence, keeping in mind that Geetika's Facebook profile had many pictures and videos, including those of MDLR parties. Police say Aruna Chaddha, who admitted during interrogation that she possessed the passwords of employees, may have passed on these to main accused Gopal Kanda.Friday's court order dismissing Kanda's bail application also raises an important question: was Kanda present in Delhi or the NCR on August 13 to have signed his vakalatnama (authorization to lawyer) or was it forged? The high court also expressed suspicion in this regard.Meanwhile, police are letting go of people they had picked up for questioning. Kanda's relative Bunty Bansal was released on Friday.On Friday noon, CPI (M) women's wing workers demanded justice for Geetika in a protest at Haryana Bhawan. Women marched along Copernicus Marg shouting slogans and waving placards before submitting a memorandum to the Haryana government.Addressing the protesters, CPI (M) Polit Bureau member Brinda Karat said, \"This is shameful conduct from a politician and criminalization of politics. That he is still absconding and he was a minister in the Congress-led Hooda government shows that he enjoys political patronage. He's trying to buy time and avoid police.\" Protesters demanded that Kanda be declared an absconder and his property be seized.A source said, \"It's ironical that on Friday the staff of Bharat Nagar police station, which is investigating this case, was able to catch a proclaimed offender. Just because Kanda is a former minister, he is enjoying freedom.\" A senior police officer said on Friday that one Naveen Kumar, who had been absconding, had been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15539948", "title": "Curiosity tale in a rap? Spoof video goes viral", "text": "WASHINGTON: A new viral video paying a hilarious tribute to Nasa's Mars rover Curiosity team is making the rounds. Using the beat from LMFAO's 'I am Sexy and I Know It' , a Seattle-based comedy group parodied everything from the space agency's blue polo shirts to the Curiosity lander itself.The spoof video shows a group of 'Nasa' members hard at work on landing the Mars rover, touting their space skills in rap form, the 'Daily News' reported. \"I got stars on my 'hawk and I ain't afraid to show it,\" sings a spikyhaired impersonator of Nasa's leading heartthrob, Bobak Ferdowsi, who shot to nationwide fame after video of him the night of the landing lit up the internet.The chorus of the catchy tune, made in the wake of the America's obsession with its landing on August 5 of course is, \"We're Nasa and we know it,\" In the video, the group \u2014 suited up in Nasa-esque blue polo shirts and sitting in a dummy control room dance through the streets and rap their space terms alongside the beat.The faux Nasa nerds also show off some synchronized dance moves, featuring a woman in an American flag bikini and a man in an astronaut-style orange jumpsuit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15539781", "title": "Bangalore brain shapes the Indian GP trophy", "text": "BANGALORE: If the trophy for the first edition of the Indian Formula One Grand Prix \u2014 a Qutub Minar replica designed by Jaipur craftsmen \u2014 was all about showcasing the country's glorious past, the second chapter of Formula One's tryst with India will see drivers compete for a more contemporary trophy with a touch of tradition.Bangalore-based designer Michael Foley was tasked with the responsibility of blending old and new in the form of F1 silverware.\"F1 is interesting as it combines multiple aspects of sport, technology, entertainment and youth. We relooked (at) the way in which the trophy has to be designed,\" Foley told TOI on Friday. \"We combined key sensibilities of F1, India and that of the title sponsors and we found youth to be the common ground for inspiration. We built the trophy as an icon that connects with youth, something they will have a strong affinity towards,\" he said.The MD and chief designer of FoleyDesigns, Foley had previously designed the 2010 Commonwealth Games baton.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15538555", "title": "'Increase revenue through taxation'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Friday issued instructions to the commercial tax and registration department to initiate necessary measures to increase revenue earnings through taxation. He also emphasised on the need to embrace information technology to increase revenue collections.Reviewing the commercial tax and registration departments at his official residence, Akhilesh ordered the upgradation of both departments and said deadlines should be set for completing the work. The chief minister also instructed the commercial tax commissioner to devise a system wherein the traders get the facility from registration to paying the tax from their homes through internet, apart from setting up service centres at district level to allow smaller traders to pay taxes. Akhilesh said both services should start by January 2013. He also said that all the 355 sub-registrar offices should be computerised by the end of the current financial year and that e-stamping facility be started within the next four months.The CM also instructed officials that the service centres established at the sub-registrar offices be on the lines of the railway reservation counters. These centres would be established on the public-private-partnership (PPP) model. During the review meeting also present were principal secretary to the CM Rakesh Garg, principal secretary commercial tax, principal secretary (registration), commercial tax commissioner, IG (registration) and officials of the finance department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15543386", "title": "Introducing Akal Inder", "text": "Introducing a fresh new artist in Punjabi music industry, 'Akal Inder' - A new vocalist hailing from the famous Punjabi city of Patiala.Akal Inder started his interest in singing at a young age, gaining an interest by watching famous Punjabi singers at shows and listening to their music at home. Akal Inder is ready to release his debut single 'Ki Band'da' in collaboration with Gupz Sehra! The songs are inspired by the Raj Brar classic 'Tera Ki Hunda'.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15538602", "title": "Bhandara cops book Shivaji college principal, clerk for fraud", "text": "NAGPUR: In a new development in Bhandara's Shivaji Science College fraud case, Paoni police on Friday registered an FIR filed by the students against principal Namdeo Meshram and clerk Jitendra Kirsal. Both were booked under Sections 420 and 468 of IPC, Bhandara superintendent of police Aarti Singh told TOI.Surprisingly, she had earlier stated that complaint will not be registered until Nagpur University submitted its fact-finding report to them. On Friday, the police formally lodged it even without NU report after TOI highlighted the fraud exposing the modus operandi. Singh added that though the inquiry was started in the case, they were proceeding slowly as it was a complicated issue.NU, expectedly, failed to submit its report of Disciplinary Action Committee (DAC) to Bhandara police. Controller of examinations (CoE) Siddarth Kane told TOI that DAC hadn't submitted its report to him and hence he was unable to submit it to police. Vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal had asked DAC to submit report by Thursday, but the ad hoc panel led by senior academician Eknath Kathale failed to submit it even on Friday, as some members failed to sign it.Meanwhile, students duped by the Kirsal are still unsure of their future. Their woes worsened when they tried to meet principal Meshram as the latter was skipping office since the fraud came to fore. \"When we checked our roll numbers for results on the net, names of some other students appeared. Only after that we realized we have been cheated. It would be unfair if our academic year is lost due to a fraudster,\" lamented a second year BSc student.Kirsal, a senior clerk at the college belonging to renowned Shivaji Education Society of Amravati, siphoned off Rs17,000 deposited as exam fees by 54 students. He collected fees from BSc first, second and third year students but failed to deposit it with NU exam section. When these students began to enquire about their hall tickets, he somehow provided them fake ones with roll numbers of students from other centres. Principal Meshram and exam in-charge Sanjay Raibole allowed these students to appear in the exams despite the fact that their cards were not having NU stamp or sign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15543818", "title": "Android 4.0-based Wammy 7, Wammy Ethos, Wammy Plus tablets launched", "text": "Wikidleak, an online electronics store, has launched three Wammy series tablets in India which run on Android 4.0 ( Ice cream Sandwich).Wammy 7 tablet is powered by 1.5GHz Cortex A8 processor. The tablet has a 7-inch LCD capacitive touchscreen with 800x480 pixel resolution. Wammy 7 tablet features a 0.3MP camera that can shoot videos videos at 480P, 720P, 1080P and also supports dual-screen display and 3D effects.The device boasts of 512MB RAM and has a 4GB internal memory, expandable upto 32GB. Connectivity options include the tablet is 3G compatibilty, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, USB port, HDMI port and an audio jack.Wammy 7 boats of 3000mAh Lithium-ion battery with 15 days standby time. The tablet is available for Rs 5,249 through the Wikidleak website. The other two tablets Wammy Ethos and Wammy Plus are available for Rs 8,999 and Rs 11,999 respectively.Wammy Ethos weighs 350g and measures 193x120x12 mm. The 3G-enabled tablet has 7-inch LCD screen and is powered by a 1.2 GHz processor. The device has two variants with 800x480 and 1024x600 pixel resolution. The other features include a 1.3 MP camera, Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, mini HDMI, USB 2.0, 3500mAH battery. The two variants of Ethos boast of 512 MB/1GB RAM with internal memory of 4G/8GB which is expandable upto 32 GB.Wammy Plus measures 120x195x13.4 mm and weighs 328g. The device features 7-inch LCD touchscreen with 800x480 pixel resolution. The tablet boasts of 2MP rear camera and 0.3MP front camera. Wammy Plus is powered by Allwinner BOXCHIP A10 Cortex-A8, 1.2GHz processor coupled with 1GB RAM. The other features include Wi-Fi, HDMI, USB 2.0, 3.5mm audio jack. The Wammy Plus tablet has 1GB RAM and sports a 3000mAh battery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "15539367", "title": "Liquor worth Rs9.5L seized", "text": "WARDHA: As part of drive to prevent any untoward incident on Pola festival, Wardha police seized liquor worth over Rs9.50lakh, which was being brought from neighbouring Yavatmal and Amravati districts to Wardha, in three different raids.In the first raid, police intercepted an Omni Van (MH 29, AD209) on Yavatmal- Wardha road near Shirpur village and seized 16 boxes of liquor worth Rs1.16 lakh. Rupesh Raut (25), a resident of Kalamb in Yavatmal was arrested.In another raid on the same road on Friday, cops arrested Mukesh Jayaswal (26), a resident of Kalamb, around 2am near Bhidi. Jayaswal was headed for Wardha in a Maruti 800 car (MH 32, C 9067) loaded with 21 boxes of liquor, worth Rs3 lakh.Deoli police station has registered offences in both the cases.In the third raid, cops seized 25 boxes of liquor and arrested Mukesh Ghansar (24) near Vijay Gopal. The liquor, worth over Rs5.20 lakh, was being illegally transported from Amravati district on Thursday by a Tata Sumo vehicle.Police Inspector of the local crime branch, MD Chate said, \"Further investigations could lead us to the mastermind of the racket.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15539487", "title": "Public hearing on hike in power tariffs", "text": "NOIDA: A public hearing will be conducted in Noida on Saturday to hear objections from individuals, associations and other consumers on the proposed electricity tariff hike for commercial and industrial categories. The proposed tariff chart has already been uploaded onto the website of Uttar Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC). The hearing will be headed by UPERC chairman and held at the Indira Gandhi Kala Kendra auditorium in Sector 6 from 3:30pm onwards. Senior officials of UPPCL will also be present wherein consumers would be free to express their suggestions or recommendations on the proposed hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15542684", "title": "I got no money, no car to take you on a date, says Cheryl Cole's new beau.", "text": "Cheryl Cole's new dancer boyfriend Tre Holloway has come clean about his financial means by writing \"I ain't got no money, no car to take you on a date!\" on his Facebook profile.The cheeky statement has been borrowed from the lyrics of ' The Way I Are ,' a song by the hip hop producer Timbaland.But Holloway's apparently modest financial means do not appear to have deterred former wife of footie star Ashley Cole , as she was spotted out in London with him earlier on this week, the Daily Mail reported.The couple were photographed leaving Roka restaurant in Fitzrovia on Tuesday night.Cole had led the way in a short black dress with a zebra stripe print and Holloway had followed in hot pursuit.\"They are clearly very close. Several times Cheryl leaned in to him and touched his knee as he spoke. There is certainly a spark between them,\" the Sun quoted a fellow diner at the sushi restaurant as saying.In recent weeks, the dancer was also seen gyrating with the former 'X'Factor' judge during her performances at the Capital FM Summertime Ball and in Soho nightclub G-A-Y, where the pair were seen holding hands, and even downing shots of tequila on stage.They were also seen celebrating Cole's birthday in Last Vegas last month, and were spotted leaving a nightclub together, after a party thrown by the popstars manager and close friend will.i.am.The pair met, when Cole performed her track 'Promise This,' on the 2010 'X Factor' finals.Holloway grew up in New Jersey but now lives in LA and has danced with a whole host of stars including the late Whitney Houston .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15539327", "title": "Alert sounded for people from NE", "text": "JAIPUR: As people from the north-east are fleeing some cities in Karnataka, Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh to their home states, an alert has been sounded in Jaipur, too, to keep watch on any activities meant to spread rumours regarding this. The Jaipur railway station, Sindhi Camp bus stand and Jaipur Airport are being monitored to ascertain if people from the north-eastern states are facing any similar threats here.The city police are geared up to take action if they receive any such complaint, a senior police officer said.\"However, no such thing has been reported in Jaipur so far. Strict action would be taken against anyone spreading rumours. Taking precautionary measures, we are keeping a watch on railway station, Sindhi Camp bus stand and the airport to ascertain if people are being forced to leave the city,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15539029", "title": "42-yr-old woman on dialysis pulls off rare pregnancy", "text": "MUMBAI: Dialysis and pregnancy rarely go hand in hand, but Kurla resident Sharifa Sheikh has pulled off the impossible by giving birth to her third child a fortnight back.\"I thought I was putting on weight and was shocked when the doctor told me that I was 24 weeks pregnant,'' said the 42-year-old Sharifa, who also has two daughters. What made it difficult for her to accept the situation was the fact that she had tried to get pregnant right after the birth of her second daughter who is now 12 years old, but in vain. \"Moreover, we have a 16-year-old daughter,'' said her 44-year-old husband, Mohammed Arif Sheikh, a driver who has been out of job for the last three months and had to borrow heavily for his 'accidental baby'.The boy, born in Kohinoor Hospital, Kurla, on July 31, is in fact a medical marvel. \"It is extremely rare for a woman on dialysis to get pregnant,'' said nephrologist Aseem Thamba, who has been Sharifa's doctor since she was detected with kidney failure in 2005. Usually, women with kidney failure are past their reproductive age. Even if they are not, the fluctuations in hormones due to their disease is so immense that it's difficult to conceive.As Sharifa was beyond the legally permissible period for abortion, she was advised to continue the pregnancy. \"It took over a fortnight for her to mentally and emotionally accept the pregnancy,'' said gynaceologist Dr Anjali Talwalkar, who delivered Sharifa's baby on July 31.As kidneys perform the task of throwing out liquid waste from the body, a kidney failure patient usually has higher levels of nitrogenous waste in hisher body. \"The biggest challenge was to ensure that the levels are under control so that the foetus can develop normally,'' said Dr Thamba. Hence, he started Sharifa on intensive dialysis - a treatment in which the patient undergoes dialysis every day so that toxicity levels are low. There was also the statistical fact that children born to mothers on dialysis are born prematurely and have a low birth weight.Nephrologist Dr Madan Bahadur of Jaslok Hospital told TOI, \"Pregnancy is rare and giving birth is even more unusual in women undergoing dilaysis. The key is to give daily dialysis to ensure that the child gets normal environment and doesn't experience growth retardation.''While this worked well for the baby, the Sheikh family faced a financial strain. \"My husband lost his job soon after my pregnancy was detected. We took a loan to undergo daily dialysis as well as the Caesarean-section delivery,'' said Sharifa. Incidentally, it was her third C-section operation, making her a very high-risk patient, said Dr Talwalkar. Besides, statistics show that children born to mothers on dialysis are born prematurely and have a low-birth weight.With regular monitoring and medicines, doctors managed to stretch the pregnancy till 36 weeks as against a full-term baby of 39 weeks. But the 'accidental baby' defied all odds and was born weighing 2.3 kg, without any physical problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15540554", "title": "Father, son stab property dealer over money dispute", "text": "BHOPAL: A property dealer was waylaid and stabbed by a father-son duo in the Bairagarh township over a dispute of money. The accused father and son have been arrested.Police said Jairam resident of Laxman Nagar, a property dealer, had complained that Khem Chand and his son Pradeep waylaid him while he was returning home the other night and demanded money from him. When he refused they stabbed him on his face. An injured Jairam was rushed to the hospital.Police said Jairam and the accused had a dispute over some money and the accused were demanding money from him.The accused used to reside in Bairagarh earlier but now, they had shifted to Nishatpura area. They were taken into custody, the police said.The town inspector Aleem Khan said, \"Khem Chand is a habitual offender and has several criminal cases registered against him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15539239", "title": "Trial run of one new Gurgaon bus route soon", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana Roadways has decided to commence the city bus service on six new routes in the third phase of the expansion plan.Of the six new routes, Begampur Khataula industrial route has already been finalized. There will be a trial run on this route within a couple of days. The remaining five routes are yet to be finalized and a survey is being conducted for the purpose. Residents have also been approached to help with their suggestions.According to Yashendra Singh, general manager of Haryana Roadways, in the third phase of the plan, all the desired routes will be covered in one go. Singh said the routes would be finalized only after the survey report was produced.The number of routes may be further increased if need be. Once these six new bus routes become operational, most of the city areas will be linked by public transport.At present, there are nine city bus routes. In the initial stages of the plan to link every part of the city with the service, only the most prominent and important places were on its route map. Now, the department is getting prepared to reach every sector in the city.Though it's extremely difficult to ply these buses in some congested colonies in the old city, the plan seeks to reach every sector in the city. Arun Kumar, director of Haryana Roadways, has directed his department to make sure every area is covered by the bus service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15542034", "title": "I play a druggie in Rave: Sulangna Panigrahi", "text": "Sulangna Panigrahi, who made her B'wood debut with Murder 2, says her next is inspired by a Pune rave partyAfter 'Murder 2', you've kept a very low profile and quietly gone on to do a film inspired by the Pune rave party that had hit the headlines some years back. I don't like talking about my work till it's done. I didn't really speak about my role in Murder 2 . It's the same with . It's the same with Rajat Mukherjee's Rave . This is Rajat's debut movie and it is inspired by the rave party incident in Pune that hit headlines some years back. I am playing the lead in the film. My character is a small town girl who gets into drugs once she explores life in a big city. While some portions of the movie were shot in Pune, the rest of the film was shot in Mumbai.Before doing this role, how did you prepare yourself? Smoking, drinking or doing drugs are strict no-nos for me. An acquaintance of mine had died after she had taken to drugs. I want youngsters to say no to drugs. When we had workshops with Aparna Malhotra (actor Pawan Malhotra's wife), I would be teased about needing to get a taste of things to understand my character better. But I'd simply smile and say if one doesn't need to murder someone to play a murderer, why would I need to drink or do drugs to play this role? We did a lot of research for this movie. I saw documentaries on drug abuse as well. I came to know about drugs that can make one completely immobile. Then, there are those drugs that make you see images of gods and goddesses! It was a whole new world for me. Rave will be an eye-opener and a revelation for many.How was your shooting experience? Apart from me, the film has Rajkumar Yadav. He did Love, Sex Aur Dhokha and was seen in Ragini MMS . In Rave , he is playing a DJ. Most of my scenes are with him. Apart from that, there is Divyendu Sharma, who did Pyaar Ka Punchnama . Both Rajkumar and Dibyendu are from FTII and are fabulous actors. Shooting for the movie was fun, especially since there were many members from Odisha in the crew. Whenever we got together, we would start speaking in Odia. And the rest of the unit would tease us, saying, \" Phir se shuru ho gaya tumhari gaon gaon batein!'Do you know that there is another film based on a rave party called 'Disco Valley' that has Shahzahn Padamsee, Rajat Barmecha and features a pig as a protagonist? I had no idea. But then, there is no comparison between Rave and this movie. Besides, there were three Bhagat Singh films made in Bollywood and each was different from the other. Rave is a movie that both parents and youngsters need to watch it to understand the ill-effects of peer pressure.You've done a Tamil film and haven't yet acted in an Odia movie. Why is that? Have you ever watched an Odia movie? No, I haven't watched an Odia movie yet. But then, I love my state and its culture. I have been getting Odia movie offers. In fact, there was an offer to do an Anubhav Mohanty film too. But my dates never worked out. Besides if I do an Odia film, it has to be something that I am really kicked about. I wouldn't be that keen to do a remake. Though I have never really stayed in Odisha, I can speak the language fluently. My dada dadi live in Bhubaneswar. My nana nani stay in Berhampore. If I ever do an Odia film, it ought to be more arty than commercial.Being in Bollywood, do you have any dos and don'ts? Be it television or Bollywood, I have always wanted to do diverse roles. In Amber Dhara , I played the character of Dhara in a serial based on the story of conjoined twins. In Do Saheliyaan , which was loosely adapted from Tagore's Noukadubi , I played a Rajput girl. In Bidaai , I played a character with grey shades. In Murder 2, I played a 16-year-old college girl who gets exploited. Rave offers me a completely different character. In my Tamil film Isai , I play a village girl who falls in love with a composer. If my role is such that I have to crawl up a tunnel infested with rats, I will do it. Both my parents and I are clear that what I play on screen is not what I am in real life. My grandparents are more liberal than my parents. I will do anything that the script demands as long as it is not cheesy or done just to entice the audience to go to the theatres.Is television a strict no-no for you now? Among the actors who made a transition from the small to the big screen, who do you find inspiring? There is nothing like a strict no-no thing. I am enjoying doing movies and I will continue to do so. I seek inspiration from the journeys of Vidya Balan , Prachi Desai and Shah Rukh Khan .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15538864", "title": "Reliance Power refutes claim it got 29,000cr benefits", "text": "MUMBAI: Anil Ambani-led Reliance Power on Thursday strongly refuted the federal auditor report, which said that the company had got undue benefits of Rs 29,033 crore, or $5 billion, due to diversification of excess coal from the Sasan coal project to other projects, leading its share price to crash by over 5%.Dubbing the CAG report on UMPPs as \"erroneous with inherent inconsistencies\", Reliance Power CEO Jayarama Prasad Chalasani pointed out that, in another report on allocation of coal blocks, CAG had said, \"There should be incentives for production of surplus coal more than the requirement for the end-use project.\" He said, \"And when the government does permit the use of surplus coal for production of power to be sold on tariff-based competitive bidding, CAG questions the same and asks for review.\"Electricity from Reliance Power Chitrangi project will be sold at a three times higher price of Rs 3.70 per unit for consumers in Uttar Pradesh and at twice the price of Rs 2.40 per unit for consumers in Madhya Pradesh compared to Rs 1.19 per unit from Sasan UMPP, which also uses coal from the same blocks.Chalasani clarified that the excess coal diversification will account for less than 40% for Chitrangi and the rest 60% will have to be sourced at higher prices from Coal India or other sources. So the average cost of power generation for at the nearly 4000Mw Chitrangi power project will be higher compared to Sasan UMPP.CAG said in the report that a comparison between Sasan and Chitrangi projects is not out of place since both the projects are of 3,960Mw capacity, located in the same vicinity, and source coal from the same coal mines.\"To conclude, the post-bid concessions extended to RPL in Sasan UMPP resulted in financial benefit to RPL to the tune of Rs 29,033 crore with a net present value of Rs 11,852 crore,\" the CAG report said.Chalasani told TOI, \"No two power projects can have the same tariff, even if they are in the same vicinity and use the same coal. This I can tell you with my 30 years of experience in the power sector. Sasan, being an UMPP, will have tax advantages. Power tariffs would vary based on risk profile, various other project-specific parameters and time of execution. Chitrangi has a completely different risk profile than Sasan, includes several other costs that are not present in Sasan UMPP. Even the timelines of Sasan and Chitrangi are different.\"The issue of excess coal diversification came into limelight when Tata Power dragged Reliance Power to court. However, the Delhi High Court upheld the decision in favour of Reliance Power in 2009. An Empowered Group of Ministers (EGoM) on UMPPs re-affirmed in April 2012 that the decision to permit usage of surplus coal from Sasan UMPP was a well-considered one.\"Since the CAG report captures developments only till March 2012 (as indicated in the report), it is likely that the EGoM ratification in April 2012 has not been reflected in the final report,\" said Chalasani.Shares of Reliance Power fell 5.6% to close at Rs 87.7 in a flat Mumbai market on Thursday, valuing the firm at Rs 24,600 crore, or 18% less than the undue benefits of Rs 29,033 crore it got according to the CAG report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15542230", "title": "Small town girls who made it big on small screen", "text": "Pratyusha Banerjee and Alisha Singh from Jharkhand have already made a name for themselves on the silver screen. Times of India looks at other girls from small towns who made it big on TVName: Mitali Nag Age: 23 Serial: Afsar Bitiya Screen name: Krishna From: Nagpur I faced problem in the sense that I did not know anyone in the industry or from Mumbai itself. I had no godfather. So, I had to find a space on my own. I would say people have subconsciously treated me inferiorly. But I don't know whether it is because I am from a small town or my dusky complexion. Yes, there are still some small town values in me. I still have my inhibitions. I am not that bold as girls of metros, but I am an educated and confident girl. People from interiors just need to run a reality check to find out if they fit in where they want to be.Name: Bharti Singh Age: 27 Serial: Comedy Circus Screen name: Lalli/Golu From: Amritsar I had my share of troubles as small towns are low on priority list of everyone. New brands reach late in Amrtisar. Also, the quality of education is not that good. Therefore our English is not up to the mark. That leads to problems. But when you reach a level in your career, there is no problem after that. Maybe, I did not face problems regarding my sense of style because I had never come to Mumbai to become a model.Name: Krattika Sengar Age: 27 Serial: Punar Vivah Screen name: Aarti From: Kanpur Even if you are from Delhi, people in Mumbai call you a ganwar. I also faced that though I was always a fashionista. I don't think the term is meant in a derogatory sense. It is part of the vocabulary. But for me, being from a small town was a problem only in the sense that exposure was less. Thus, my confidence level took a dip. Otherwise we are as good as people from metros in terms of our knowledge base. I also adjusted well in the maximum city. I think people from small towns are grounded, know their values and the importance of family life.Name: Devoleena Bhattacharjee Age: 23 Serial: Saath Nibhana Saathiya Screen name: Gopi From: Nazira in Sibsagar district of Assam Though I belong to a very small district in Assam, my upbringing was very cosmopolitan as I was convent-educated, had travelled a lot and met many people. It was initially a little awkward and I took time to cope with the lifestyle in Mumbai. It all depends on how you take things. I took criticism in my stride. There are small changes that I made in myself. In Assam, I would only wear salwar suit but in Mumbai, I don't wear it because it is not suited to the fast-paced life here. I have immense faith in God and that's what has helped me. Besides, I had hope, determination and belief in myself. These saw me through.Name: Asha Negi Age: 22 Serial: Pavitra Rishta Screen name: Poorvi From: Dehradun People from small towns often tend to be conservative and are introverts. My relatives discouraged my parents from sending me to Mumbai as people back home feel that TV industry is not safe. So, it took some amount of convincing for my parents to agree. Otherwise I am proud of my city. It is so beautiful and people there respect and care for others. I think success lies in the mind. Anyone can make it big if he/she really wants to.Name: Rati Pandey Age: 29 Serial: Hitler Didi Screen name: Indra Sharma From: Patna I faced problems because I belonged to Patna . I don't know why but fact is that Biharis are ridiculed and often called bhaiyas. I am fond of my culture. I think Biharis are among the most literate and cultured people in India. A person's outlook depends on his/her upbringing and the values he/she imbibes. The town of his birth or grooming doesn't matter. I was teased whenever I made grammatical mistakes in delivering dialogues or my Bihari tone. I think, this is obnoxious.Boys from small towns who made it big on TV Name: Srman Jain Age: 24 Serial: Saas Bina Sasural Screen name: Prachin From: Agra It was a culture shock for me \u2014 the journey from Agra to Mumbai. It was a completely different world and I felt lost when I turned up in tinsel town. I was made to feel like an outsider because I didn't know what 'clubbing' meant. I didn't smoke or drink or party till late. How could I when in Agra everybody is home till 10 pm? But gradually, I adjusted. And now, maine Mumbaiwalo ko Agrawala bana dia hai. Now, my friends have started giving importance to relationships and have picked up habits of mine such as touching the feet of their elders!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "15540798", "title": "Manali residents to represent Indian at Grass Skiing World Cup in Iran", "text": "MANALI: The Indian grass skiing team would leave for Iran on August 20 from Delhi to participate in the World Cup, which is going to be held in Dizin between August 23 and 25. The team, which includes three athletes and a coach from Manali, left for Delhi on Friday.The three-men Indian team would include Sunil Thakur, Devi Singh and Tej Ram and they would perform under the leadership of Gokul Chand. All four are from Manali villages. General secretary of Winter Games Federation of India, Roshan Thakur, said Manali has the first grass skiing slope in the country.\"India has obtained recognition for grass inter-skiing from the International Ski Federation (FIS) and now our aim is to take this game to new heights and prepare world-class grass skiers. We are sure our country would perform well in Iran,\" he said. The 250-feel-long and 30-feet wide grass skiing slope in Solang valley of Manali was developed by Atal Bihari Vajpayee Institute of Mountaineering and Allied Sports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15537910", "title": "More games, pitches needed: O'Donnell", "text": "MUMBAI: A successful bid to host the under-17 World Cup would be the perfect boost Indian football needs, Scott O'Donnell, All India Football Federation's (AIFF) technical director of academies and director of coach education, said on Friday. The Australian is in the city to conduct the AIFF 'D' License course along with the federation's Technical Director Rob Baan and AIFF instructors from Maharashtra's state association WIFA.\"A winning bid would give players and coaches a lot of motivation to throw in a competitive team,\" said O'Donnell, who also revealed that Baan would be launching a master plan next week to deal with a host of developmental issues including work at the grassroots.While stressing that coaches from more states need to come forward and arm themselves with coaching licenses, O'Donnell said that the AIFF's focus would always be on quality more than quantity. He also felt that there is a need for more competitive games as well as good football surfaces.\"Footballers in India don't play much, maybe 15 to 20 games a year. In Australia, that figure goes up to 40, while in Europe, it's 60. An elite athlete puts in at least 10,000 hours on field. We also need a lot of good quality pitches like this one at the Cooperage. There are smaller states with more artificial pitches than some of the bigger states,\" pointed O'Donnell.He also refused to make much of India's ranking (168) on the FIFA list. \"Too much emphasis is laid on rankings. If you play and win a couple of games against higher ranked countries, the whole equation changes,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15539406", "title": "Ruckus and rowdiness rule", "text": "JAIPUR: Hooliganism was on display as students' groups gave two hoots to the rules by littering roads with pamphlets and creating ruckus in and around the Rajasthan University campus and constituent colleges ahead of the students' union elections.The traffic on the JLN Marg from JDA circle to Saras Parlour was badly affected with candidates and their supporters taking out rallies and ferrying students in SUVs across the stretch. Commuters complained of rowdy behaviour by the students' groups chasing them in cars. Some, to avoid any hassles, chose to take longer routes and avoided Tonk Road and JLN Marg.Some groups have also made bulk bookings at budget hotels at Janta Colony and Malviya Nagar to provide accommodation to supporters.Those staying in these areas have been wary about venturing out, especially after evening when the students groups zoom around the city in their cars shouting slogans. \"These students raise slogans even after midnight. Police has been asked several times to increase the vigil but in vain,\" said Subhash Nath Sharma, a resident of Bapu Nagar.However, even police presence, at times, fails to deter these students. Several residents complained of loud music being played in the locality, while others said the boundary walls of their houses have been damaged by pasting of pamphlets.\"I fail to understand why they bother us. It is a university election and involves participation of not more than 30,000 voters. How can an election of this level disrupt the peace of an entire city,\" asked Irum Khan, a resident of Jhotwara.Instances of eve-teasing have also increased manifold in the areas close to the university and the colleges. Even the presidential candidate of People Green Party , Megha Sharma, complained of eve-teasing and threats from unidentified men asking her to take back her nomination.Students sees it as an golden opportunity to enter into politics as Rajasthan University has produced many state and national leaders. Not a single corner in the city is untouched by election fewer. They have pasted pamphlets and banners at almost all possible places to ensure that all citizens should view them. \"I fail to understand why they bother us. It is a election of one institute with insignificant number of 27000 voters how they dare to disrupt the peace of entire city,\" said Irum Khan, a resident of Jhotwara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15540393", "title": "High Court stays notice on entrance test", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Friday stayed the Dental Council of India (DCI ) notification issued under the 'Revised BDS Course Regulation 2007', providing for a national entrance test for admissions to BDS/MDS courses from 2013-14 . Justice AS Bopanna passed this order upon petitions filed by Karnataka Private Medical and Dental Colleges Association and others. \"The all-India NEET ( National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test) for BDS &amp; MDS course has many lacunae and shortcomings. If these are not addressed, it will jeopardize the career of lakhs of students. It amounts to watering down and giving a complete go to various pronouncements made by the Supreme Court and statutes enacted by the state legislature,\" the petitioners explained. \"It will have state-wise ramifications since several states are not uniform in maintaining the standard of dental colleges. The curriculum being followed in Classes XI &amp; XII is different from that proposed by NCERT for NEET. This has created confusion among students since teachers are not familiar with the new proposed syllabus ,\" the petitioners stated.Counter-productive\"As per the notification, the CBSE Board has been told to hold entrance examination for dental colleges across India for BDS and PG courses. There is no discrimination among eligible candidates competing for seats. As the national entrance examination test is conducted in English and Hindi only, students of Karnataka, who have studied in Kannada or in their mother tongue, will be at a disadvantage ,\" the petitioner added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15539853", "title": "Panel frames dengue rules", "text": "KOLKATA: The state health department's Clinic Based Treatment Protocol Committee has formulated some standard rules that all doctors have to abide by while diagnosing and treating dengue - a move that has been opposed by a section of city-based virologists.On Friday, a series of sensitization programmes was held at the health secretariat and the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) headquarters to assist the various departments of the state and the Union governments in implementing the protocol uniformly across the state. \"We have circulated the standard diagnosis and treatment protocol for dengue. The first part is identifying a person suffering from dengue. The second step is treating the patients in a proper manner and educating family members for proper monitoring,\" said Krishnangshu Ray, director, Calcutta School of Tropical Medicine (CSTM).\"We have asked doctors not to be swayed by results of NS-1 antigen tests. Rather, they should go ahead with watching clinical parameters. Once a patient is diagnosed with dengue, there is no real medicine apart from lot of fluid intake and paracetamol for combating pain,\" explained Ray.The meeting at the KMC headquarters was attended by T K Mukherjee, the officer on special duty of KMC, all borough health executives and representatives of the Union health ministry along with the CSTM director.A similar inter-sectoral meeting was held at health secretariat Swastha Bhavan on Friday, which included representatives from the PWD, Public Health and Engineering, panchayat, Indian Railways, Kolkata Port Trust and industry.\"The meeting was primarily intended at sensitizing the departments about ways to tackle the vector-borne disease. The panchayat representatives were trained to identify cases and then treat patients,\" said Asit Biswas, spokesperson, state health department.\"This is more of a workshop to sensitize the departments that interact with each other and handle the growing number of vector-borne diseases. The standard protocol to treat dengue has also been explained,\" added Biswas.A section of city based virologists has, however, objected to the idea of a fixed protocol to diagnose and treat dengue. \"How can somebody fix protocol to treat a particular type of mosquito-borne disease? There are many types of dengue and it is the doctor who decides on the treatment depending on the situation and the patient's clinical condition,\" said Amitava Nandi, noted virologist.It may be recalled that the death of 40-year-old Susmita Malakar at Garfa due to suspected dengue infection led to a controversy after KMC denied that the disease had caused the death. Similar infections were reported by many private hospitals at Salt Lake. Finally a week ago, the state health department constituted the Clinic Based Treatment Protocol Committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15539554", "title": "10% police posts to be reserved for women", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government, in a cabinet meeting on Friday, has decided to reserve 10% posts for women at different levels of Kolkata Police force. The city will also have 69 women-only police stations, 10 of which have already started functioning. The government will also decide on a women's force for Jangalmahal.It was decided that 484 posts for women will be created.On taking over as chief minister, Mamata Banerjee wanted to create a women friendly atmosphere inside police stations. She also planned women exclusive police stations. Officials said such police stations have already come up in districts like Burdwan and South 24-Parganas.The government has also decided to create four new police stations in Howrah. These will be carved out of Bally and Jagacha police stations. New police stations will be set up at Belur, Nischinda, Dasnagar and Santragachhi. Recently, there has been an increase in crime in Bally and Jagacha areas, necessitating new police stations for them.Right now, both Bally and Jagacha are under the Howrah police commissionerate. This commissionerate covers eight police stations in Howrah town. There are plans to increase the number of police stations to 17 for better policing. In some areas, there has been an increase in crime. Officers said they are trying to reduce cases of refusal and are recording an increased number of complaints.The state government is also planning to set up women exclusive police stations in Jangalmahal. Already, the state government has started recruiting women constables for district police forces. Women in the age group of 18 to 27 who have passed the higher secondary examination and have a height of at least 160 cm are eligible to apply for these jobs. Initially, the aspirants need to qualify for the physical test which includes completing a 400m run in two minutes. Thereafter, they need to qualify a written test followed by an interview.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538651", "title": "150 Air India flyers spend 3 hours in grounded plane", "text": "NEW DELHI: Around 150 passengers heading for Hyderabad on Thursday night were left stranded inside their aircraft at IGI Airport for over three hours after their plane developed a technical snag.Boarding for Air India's AI-126 Chicago-Hyderabad flight had started around 9.30pm. Till 12.45am, passengers waited inside the aircraft as the crew claimed there was a technical snag that they were trying to fix. Passengers on board said the air conditioning was also not working during this period. \"The crew told us that there was a problem but would not say how long it would take to fix the problem. It had become quite hot and uncomfortable inside the aircraft by this time. Three hours later, they told us that the aircraft would have to be changed and made us deboard,\" said Bharat, a passenger.Around 12.30am, the passengers started deboarding and came to stand in the aerobridge area that is between the aircraft and boarding gate. \"Passengers were tired and frustrated. We were not being told anything by the staff, none of whom were in a senior position. I have to be in Hyderabad on Friday morning to attend my mother's funeral,\" said Yunus Khan, a passenger who had flown in from New Jersey.Once they realized that they would not be permitted to leave the aerobridge, passengers started clamouring to be let out and use the rest room. However, officials said they would have to be restricted to that area and would have to wait till the second aircraft was attached to the aerobridge before they could get back into the flight and use the toilets. Around 1.15am, a heated argument broke out between passengers and airline staff, after which the door leading out of the aerobridge to the terminal was locked and CISF personnel were posted outside the door. The flight took off finally around 2.30am.Airline sources said the first aircraft had developed a snag twice because of which they had to switch aircraft. \"The snag was rectified once and as the aircraft was being pushed back from the aerobridge, the same technical problem cropped up again. The passengers were made to stand in the aerobridge area to save on time as otherwise they would have had to go through the entire check-in process again. The area is large enough to accommodate 150 passengers and passengers spent barely 20 minutes inside it,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15537967", "title": "Pollution Control Board makes sewerage treatment plant (STP) a must in hospitals", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Andhra Pradesh Pollution Control Board (APPCB) has now made it mandatory for all healthcare establishments in the state, with 100 or more beds, to maintain a sewerage treatment plant (STP) on their premises. A decision to this effect was taken during the board's bio-medical technical committee meeting held late on Thursday evening. The committee also agreed to impose a strict approval procedure for healthcare institutions wherein all such establishments will have to procure an authorization certificate from the board before starting operations. This, officials said,was done in order to protect the environment and public health.Healthcare establishments with 25 and more beds have to now obtain a 'consent for operation' certificate, the committee ruled, and also have sufficient provision for establishing a STP. Those connected to municipal common bio-medical waste treatment facilities, however, have no such compulsions. They have to only ensure proper flow of bio-medical waste in to these facilities., the committee observed.The new regulations were communicated to all regional offices of the PCB.The meeting was presided over by M Ravi Chandra, member secretary, PCB and was attended by representatives, other health officials, senior PCB members and private hospital managements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "15538836", "title": "Dacoits loot 8 lakhs from coal trader's house", "text": "DHANBAD: Armed dacoits looted Rs 8 lakh from the house of a coal merchant at Addarshnagar colony here in the wee hours of Friday. They also injured the elderly house owner and his wife.According to the police, an armed gang of about ten dacoits entered the house of Sanjay Kumar Mittal and looted Rs 60,000 cash and jewellery worth Rs 8 lakh. They demanded keys of the lockers from Sanjay's father and house owner Chimanlal Mittal. When he resisted, they assaulted him and his wife who was sleeping in the ground floor of the house.The dacoits were in the house for about two-and-a-half hours and after completing their operation, they ate in the kitchen. Police said all the dacoits were wearing masks, hence the victims could not identify them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15539804", "title": "A flyover too close for comfort", "text": "KOLKATA: You would have heard of 'a bridge too far' but this is a bizarre case of 'a flyover too close'.Residents of Vivekananda Road in north Kolkata have moved Calcutta high court against the construction of the Vivekananda Road flyover which is actually brushing against their houses. At places, residents can actually reach out of their windows and touch the concrete structure. The court has admitted the petition.Around three years ago, KMDA along with IVRCL Ltd started laying pillars on the Girish Park side of Vivekananda Road from near Haryana Bhavan. The flyover will extend to the Posta and Manicktala crossings on either end.\"After the pillars were laid, my clients Uma Shankar Behani and others came to know from the project engineers that the flyover will pass extremely close to their homes and offices, possibly a gap of less than one and a half feet. No other flyover in the city has been built so close to buildings. My clients are worried that the flyover will not only endanger their buildings, but cut off air and light. On July 24, I wrote to the KMDA and the state government on my clients' behalf, urging them to prepare a Land Use and Development Control Plan and publish a public notice inviting objections from people,\" said advocate Chandra Sekhar Jha, who moved the petition in court.The residents also met the local MLA. Work on the flyover was suspended from mid-2011 to March 2012 and people felt that KMDA had taken steps to rectify the situation. However, construction resumed thereafter according to original plans.In their letter to the MLA, the residents had pointed to how the width of certain flyovers in Kolkata and elsewhere had been reduced in the past along certain stretches to accommodate objections.\"We don't intend to stand in the way of development but this is too much. We had asked them to call us when they were finalizing the plans. We even went to their offices and asked to see the plans but they refused to comply. Safety and security of our homes will be compromised. All that we are asking for is to leave some space. In some places, the gap is less than a foot. After all, our houses aren't illegal. We are law-abiding citizens. It is another matter altogether that the road is narrow. There were no plans to build a flyover here when the houses were constructed several decades ago. We only want them to leave a space of 4 to 5 feet. Hopefully, they will reveal their plans in court,\" Behani said.In his petition, Jha has stated that his clients were not aware of the design till actual construction started. Under law, KMDA is supposed to publish the plan and allow the petitioners to file objections.\"Construction of the flyover will lead to infringement/diminution of light and air, thereby affecting the habitability and ventilation of the concerned buildings. Hence, the buildings would become unfit for comfortable human occupation. The privacy of the inhabitants and occupiers of the buildings would be highly prejudiced and their right to life will be put into jeopardy. Their personal, fundamental and Constitutional rights would be violated. Since the respondent authorities are in a position of public trust, they are not allowed to curtail or violate the personal, fundamental and Constitutional rights of citizens,\" Jha has stated in his petition.The petitioners have prayed for restraining orders against KMDA to prevent it from carrying out further construction till the case is disposed.The KMDA doesn't seem to be in any mood to alter their plans. According to KMDA chief executive officer Vivek Bharadwaj, the flyover \"is not entering anybody's house\". \"If we make the flyover width narrower at that particular spot, then accidents can occur,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15539798", "title": "Eid bazaars all decked up in Patna", "text": "PATNA: With the last Friday (Jumatul Wida) of Ramzan gone, only a few days are left for the Eid. The traditional Eid bazaars are lighted up in the congested localities which are also notorious for traffic snarls. These bazaars never sleep, rather they become more crowded during nights and shopkeepers do round-the-clock business. The roads, which otherwise turn dark and lonely, continue humming with commercial activities throughout the holy month.\"The customers generally come in late evening after breaking fast and offering namaz,\" said Mohammad Chand, a general merchant opposite the mosque in Daryapur. His shop has not been locked since the first day of Ramzan. \"It's a different kind of atmosphere which is not possible in other months,\" said Shamim Ansari who has a makeshift stall of 'itr' or perfume.Even if they live in other parts of the city, the Muslims cannot afford without visiting Patna Market and Sabzibagh these days, be it for buying 'sewai', clothes, footwear or just to sip roadside sheer chai (tea). \"For Ramzan and Eid, we get satisfaction only after shopping at these places,\" said Shahla Nigar, a doctor who lives in faraway Rajabazar locality.The shops selling colourful attire, kurta, bangles, footwear, henna and perfume in these two markets are doing good business. \"The sale of kurta and female attire is good this year,\" said Bhai Rabbani who has a big shop in Patna Market. He agreed that prices of apparel have shot up. The bangle-sellers, Mohd Imran and Qasim, are happy as they have hired extra hands to handle the growing number of woman customers. The high prices have not dampened the festive spirit.Ali Akbar who, along with his wife and two kids, went for marketing said, \"Prices generally go up before festivals, but we can't do without shopping for our families.\"After the sunset , it is practically impossible to move in the narrow and congested lanes and bylanes of Sabzibagh. It is very difficult for any vehicle to cross the road due to makeshift shops selling readymade garments, textiles, footwear, jewellery, pearls, bangles, caps, crockery, cutlery and upholstery.Razi Ahmad, who runs a restaurant in Daryapur and converts it into a sort of shop selling sewai and lachcha during Ramzan, said his products were also in demand at places outside Patna.The only concern of sellers as well as buyers is the weather. There is hardly any cover for shoppers when it rains. The makeshift shopkeepers somehow manage to cover their goods with plastic sheet.The beggars also do good business during the month. In Islam, every one has to pay 'fitra' and 'zakat' in the month of Ramzan. While the fitra this time is fixed at Rs 27 per head, zakat is 2.5% of the earning and the jewellery. It goes to beggars and other needy people. A number of beggars could be seen in Sabzibagh bazaar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538886", "title": "Top cop tweets to calm northeast students", "text": "NEW DELHI: After several students from the northeastern states visited police commissioner Neeraj Kumar following rumours that people from this region would be attacked across the country, the Delhi top cop took to the social media on Friday asking everybody to stay away from rumour mongering and assuring safety for all.A large number of northeastern people recently left Bangalore, Chennai and Pune following the rumour in the wake of the Assam violence.Kumar's comments came a day after several station house officers and senior officials like the deputy commissioners of police held meetings with the northeastern people residing near North and South campus areas like Mukherjee Nagar, Munirka and Dwarka.\"(We) wish to assure all people from the Northeast that (there is) no reason whatsoever to panic or leave Delhi. Please report any disturbing incident to us. We are with you for help,\" Kumar tweeted. \"The social media is now the fastest media to reach to the younger generation. Hence, we decided to use the best available technology,\" said a Delhi Police spokesperson.Police have reviewed the security situation for the northeastern people who are studying or working in Delhi and said no untoward incident had been reported. The special branch has been instructed to gather information on rumour mongers.Bhagat Singh Kranti Sena has, however, denied having anything to do with the rumour mongering in the country that it has been accused of by certain rights groups. \"This is a plan by vested interests to malign us,\" said a spokesman.Robin Hibu, joint commissioner of police who is in charge of northeast affairs, said a meeting was held with student leaders at the police headquarters in the capital and an assurance given to them that there was no need to panic. He said one person was booked for eve-teasing in south Delhi.\"We also had an exercise to check the preparedness of police. We made a mock call to the police control room (PCR) about a quarrel in Munirka,\" he said. \"In case of any rumours, mischievous activity in your locality, dial 100 or inform the local police, beat staff, nearby PCR,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15540315", "title": "Trichy corporation on shop eviction overdrive", "text": "TRICHY: The Trichy corporation conducted eviction drives in two busy areas in the city to remove encroachments made by shops. However, a group of traders from one of the areas shut their shops condemning the drive till afternoon here on Monday. Such eviction drives are typical whenever a new commissioner for the corporation takes charge. After the hype dies down, the situation comes back to normal.The eviction drive commenced in Central bus stand and Gandhi market areas at around 8.30 am. Anticipating protest from traders, a large posse of policemen were deployed in the areas. Two teams of corporation employees led by assistant commissioners TN Dhanabalan (Golden Rock zone) and Rajammal (Ariyamangalam zone) conducted the drive in central bus stand and Gandhi market areas respectively.According to the corporation, as many as 50 shops owned by Trichy corporation in central bus stand have been rented out to private parties to run eateries, book stalls and tea shops among others. As per rules, the shops should function within the prescribed area. On the contrary, as many as 29 shops in central bus stand violated rules by extending their shops to the pavement. The violation caused obstruction to the movement of pedestrians. So, the corporation officials evicted the encroachments. Frustrated by the move, the shops in central bus stand shut down claiming they were free to use the areas not meant for pedestrians. Later, they met corporation commissioner VP Thandapani and explained to him their situation.Likewise, another team conducted an eviction drive in Gandhi market area where they removed encroachments by 25 shops. These shops also encroached upon the road causing disturbance to all. Unlike the traders' protest in central bus stand, the eviction drive went off peacefully in Gandhi market.Condemning the eviction drive, general secretary of the Tamil Nadu Traders Federation, Ve Govindarajalu told TOI, \"Whenever a new commissioner assumes office, such eviction drives are conducted. We run the shops according to rules in central bus stand. The pavement way is away from our shops and we have not encroach upon it. But corporation officials go soft on unauthorised shops mushrooming in and around the central bus stand. We demand the commissioner return back our things.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15540488", "title": "Woman detained for helping sell child", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A woman, Niru, has been detained by crime branch in connection with the surrogacy scam that was unearthed recently. Niru, said crime branch officials, acted as a tout and helped a couple sell their baby boy to another couple in Mumbai.\"Investigations revealed that the baby was sold for Rs 2 lakh. Statements by Niru, the staff of Dr Bharat Atit's clinic and evidence like medicine sale receipts seized from a store near the clinic in Paldi proven that she had delivered the baby in Atit's clinic,\" said crime branch officials.Atit has denied all charges against him. \"We called Dr Atit on Friday to record his statement,\" said deputy commissioner of police, crime branch, Himanshu Shukla.Crime branch investigations revealed that the baby's mother initially came for an abortion through Niru. Officials sought birth records from the AMC for proof of delivery and to check for other babies born in the clinic.\"Niru colluded with Atit for the sale of the baby. We are probing all angles and leaving nothing to chance. All evidences will be gathered,\" said crime branch officials.Investigations had begun after the surrogate mother filed a complaint of rape against her lover - Rajkumar Jadav, the son of a policeman who stays in Nadiad. She subsequently changed her statement twice and went missing. Finally, she met crime branch along with Jadav. She told the police that she already had two children from her first husband, who now lives in Rajasthan, but they separated and she started living with Rajkumar while she was pregnant with the third child. Police believes that this child was illegally sold in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15539237", "title": "Water cuts restrict Nashik pool hours", "text": "NASHIK: With the district's dams only being partially full, till the issue of water cuts in the city is resolved, swimming pools in the city will remain open only in the mornings.The city has been reeling under water shortage and subsequent water cut for more than two months. Though the dams are half full, swimming pools in the city will be open only during the early hours of the day till the water cut is lifted.\"We cannot keep the swimming pools open during mornings and evenings till the water cut is lifted. All swimming pools in the city are presently open only from 6.30am to 10.30 am with women using the pools for the first one hour. The water available in the dam should be sufficient for the next 12 months only then can we think of resuming normal timings for the swimming pools,\" said sewage department executive engineer, of the sewage department, R K Pawar.Meanwhile, the repair works of the pool for male patrons at Swatantrya Veer Savarkar swimming pool which is frequented by male patrons that has been almost complete is also waiting for regular water supply to resume in the city following repair works at the pool. Pawar said that the minor task of plugging at the pool could be addressed once regular water supply to the pool is resumed.\"The pipe inserted at the bottom of the tank from where pressure can be reduced, to address the problem of leakage, needs water to be released into the tank from the top. This would in turn release the pressure from the bottom of the tank through the pipe,\" said Pawar. At present the smaller pool for women is being used by both men and women during different timings.All five swimming pools in the city will be open only during restricted hours in the mornings. Authorities at both, Savarkar and Swimming Pool and the International swimming pools, at Nashik Road said that during the monsoon, because of the uncertain rains, the pools are not frequented by many, the timings are therefore not an inconvenience. But they added that the reduced hours could create a problem trouble if the scarcity situation continues for the next couple of months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15540506", "title": "4 acquitted of murdering boy after spending 10 years in jail", "text": "MUMBAI: Ten years after four youths were arrested for kidnapping and murdering a nine-year old Byculla student, it turns out that the body recovered by the police might not have been that of the missing boy.Arfan Sait, counsel for the accused, pointed out to the Bombay high court earlier this month that while Dinesh Patil, who went missing in November 2001, was a nineyear-old , the dead body found by the police was, as per the records, of a boy who was 14-15 years of age.Adivision bench of the high court acquitted the four accused-Abdul Khan, Rahul Surwade, Nabi Shah and Raganath Chavan\u2014who have served over a decade of the life imprisonment sentence awarded to them by the sessions court.\"Looking at the discrepancy in age and height, it will not be possible to accept the case of the prosecution that the body recovered by Turbhe police station was that of the deceased boy,\" said the judges.No kidnap conspiracy, no guilt, finds HCAcquitting four persons sentenced to life imprisonment for the murder of a nine year-old boy in 2001, a division bench of the Bombay high court comprising Justice Abhay Oka and Justice Shrihari Davare said there was no evidence to show that any of the accused demanded ransom from the boy's mother.\"There is hardly any evidence to show that a conspiracy was hatched by the accused to kidnap the boy. There is no option but to hold that the guilt of none of the accused was proved beyond reasonable doubt,\" said the judges, while quashing the trial court order which had convicted the quartet on charges of kidnapping for ransom and conspiracy.The court ordered the release of the accused from Nashik Central Jail.Dinesh was kidnapped on November 27, 2001, while he was on his way home from school. According to the police, the accused killed Dinesh and threw his body into a nullah between Sanpada and Jui Nagar police stations. In January 2002, they allegedly demanded Rs 1 lakh as ransom. The police claimed they had arrested Khan and Surwade when they tried to snatch Dinesh's mother Shobha's bag from near the Wadala truck terminus. The body was recovered from near Turbhe. The trial court acquitted the four of murder and robbery charges but held them guilty of kidnapping and sentenced them to life imprisonment. The appeals came up for hearing this year.Advocate Arfan Sait picked many holes in the police case. He said Shobha's testimony was unreliable , as she had made many contradictory statements. Further , he said the body was recovered by the Turbhe police before the arrests of the accused while they claimed the accused had led them to it. The court also doubted the police's claim that they had recovered Dinesh's school bag from Somaiya ground in Ghatkoparit said the evidence was unreliable as the bag could not be lying on an open ground for two months.The body recovered by the police itself was suspicious, said Sait. Shobha had told the police her son was aged nine and four feet in height. As per the records, the decomposed body was of a 14-year-old boy whose height was 4.8 feet. Shobha said she had identified her son from his school uniform in the photographs, which the police didn't submit in court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15540085", "title": "Katju: No need of contempt case against Mamata", "text": "NEW DELHI: Press Council of India chairman Markandey Katju, who recently slammed Mamata Banerjee for the arrest of a farmer asking her a question, has disapproved initiation of contempt proceedings against the West Bengal chief minister for her remarks against judiciary.He felt there was nothing \"original\" in her statement as former Chief Justice S P Bharucha and several other judges have also talked about corruption in the judiciary.\"Yes\", he said when asked if he believed that judiciary will be well advised not to undertake contempt proceedings as it would then open a can of worms.\"The only time I take contempt proceedings is when somebody jumps to my dais and picks up my file and runs away with it. Then I will not be able to decide the case,\" Katju said in a TV interview.He felt Mamata's comments that judgements can be bought was a reaction to former judges like him and former Supreme Court judge Ashok Ganguly, who as the head of the State Human Rights Commission had passed a judgement awarding Rs 50,000 to a professor of Jadavpur University.Ruling out suggestions that all judges are corrupt, he however noted, \"if she meant that some judges are corrupt, it is true. It is true that corruption has seeped in judiciary which is unfortunate. But, of course, there are many upright judges also.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15540078", "title": "Farmhouse scam: Owners asked to maintain status quo", "text": "NOIDA: Even as the Noida farmhouse allotment inquiry has been handed over to the Lokayukta to investigate charges of corruption, the Uttar Pradesh government has ordered that status quo be maintained across the 150 farms allotted during the Mayawati regime.In a letter to the Noida CEO, Sanjeev Saran, the government has directed that all activities, including construction, be stopped till the inquiry into the 'alleged large-scale irregularities' is completed.The letter has come from Infrastructure and industrial development commissioner (IIDC) Anil Kumar Gupta's office in Lucknow. The Noida CEO has been directed officials of departments not to take any action. Now no owner will be able to get their layout plan passed, nor will registration of the properties be allowed.Last week, the UP government had referred the inquiry into the Noida farmhouse scam to the UP Lokayukta, NK Mehrotra, after the Authority submitted a preliminary report alleging that a financial loss of Rs 1,000 crore was caused to the state exchequer in the sale of farmhouses that was done in violation of rules and norms. According to the report filed by Noida Authority chairman Rakesh Bahadur, the former Noida CCEO Mohinder Singh, along with 14 others were held responsible for the large scale irregularities in the allotment.\"Till the inquiry is in process, all owners will be required to maintain the status quo on the plots. They cannot take up construction nor sell these plots,\" said Sanjeev Saran. A copy of this letter has also been marked to the Gautam Budh Nagar district magistrate, MKS Sundaram, for suitable action.In May this year, the Akhilesh Yadav government had ordered a \"preliminary inquiry'' into the allotment of 150 farmhouses to individuals and firms that was done through an open-ended scheme in February 2009.The SP termed it as one of the \"three big scams in Noida\" that took place during the Mayawati regime.A probe was ordered after a note was shot off by Saran to the UP government saying the plots of 10,000 sqm each were allotted to 120 companies and 29 individuals at low rates and in a non-transparent manner. The Authority had suggested that the inquiry be conducted by an external agency. On June 29, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav ordered that the preliminary inquiry be conducted by the Noida Authority itself and a report be submitted within 15 days.Last year, the Local Fund Audit had pointed out several alleged violations of rules and procedures in the allotments. It had said that there was no transparency in allotments and that land had been given away cheaply, causing a loss of Rs 145 crore to the exchequer. But the BSP government had ignored the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15539873", "title": "Police lodge FIR in Sarai case", "text": "PATNA: The Vaishali police on Friday lodged a named FIR against three persons and 1,000 unidentified persons in connection with the arson and damage to Sarai police station by a violent mob in Vaishali district on Thursday.An irate mob had set ablaze Sarai police station and three vehicles including a police vehicle in Vaishali district to protest the delay in arrest of two persons, who were absconding after raping and killing a 15-year-old girl. Police had to open fire as the mob barged inside and ransacked the entire police station and attacked the constables and set ablaze documents. Two persons had sustained bullet injuries when police opened fire. One of them died during treatment at PMCH on Thursday evening.DIG, Tirhut range, Sushil Khopde on Friday said he had met the girl's family members. The family members denied that they were associated with Thursday's dharna and violence. The DIG also said the Vaishali police had received property attachment order from a local court on Friday. The property of the accused will be attached on Saturday and other legal proceedings will start thereafter.Vaishali SP Upendra Kumar Sinha on Friday said additional static forces had been provided to the said police station after the incident. \"The cops fired in self-defence,\" he said adding that some persons also opened fire during the attack.The SP said the SDO and the SDPO had submitted their joint report to him and Vaishali DM. None of the locals were involved in the attack. In fact, the locals had a scuffle with the attackers when they tried to forcibly shut the shops . Meanwhile, a CPI(ML) probe team, which visited Sarai, held the police and the civil district administration responsible for the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15542488", "title": "Lady Gaga hits out at lifelong friends for betraying her", "text": "Lady Gaga has slammed one of her lifelong pals and mentors for ''taking advantage'' of her, but now insists she has her ''spirit back''.''Today is a really happy day for me. The past year was a challenge, and I'm so happy to have my spirit back. I felt in chains at times,\" Contactmusic quoted her as writing on Little Monsters website.''Then there were all the personal moments. Betrayed by lifelong friends, mentors I've had for years suddenly taking advantage of me, and a massive struggles with my body image.According to speculations, the 26-year-old was referring to her disagreement with director Joseph Kahn over a scrapped ' Born This Way ' video treatment. The ' Poker Face ' hitmaker also talked about her previous record label disagreements.''Whether is be the record label disagreeing with me on single choices, or directors who could only create an idea of 'gaga' or what I've 'done before' and not able to move forward, and there was also of course the incessant dragging of the most important single of my career in dead-beaten-horse-mud,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15538984", "title": "Police to find woman with whom Ganesh had an affair", "text": "MUMBAI: The Kashimira police, investigating the kidnap and murder of Ganesh Shriram, have said they will try to find the woman with whom the college student was in a relationship. The police have also videographed the confession of the two accused-Kalpesh Saroj and Ravindra Yadav.\"When Kalpesh called my father for ransom, he used Ganesh's cellphone and did not reveal his identity. He told father that Ganesh should marry the woman he loved,\" said Ganesh's brother on Friday. \"Kalpesh knew we had forbidden Ganesh from meeting the woman. He said if we did not pay the ransom and Ganesh did not marry the woman, he would be falsely implicated in a case of sexual harassment.\"A police officer said it was unlikely that the woman had any role in the murder and Kalpesh mentioned her with the sole purpose of deflecting suspicion. On August 13, Kalpesh lured Ganesh to Naigaon creek by saying he wanted to pay the money he owed the 20-year-old's father. After Ganesh reached there, Kalpesh and Ravindra, bludgeoned him and threw him into the creek. The body was found on Wednesday.\"The two have admitted to the crime. We found during investigation that they made at least 10 ransom calls to Ganesh's father,\" a police officer said. The police will access cellphone call records of the accused to corroborate their statements and trace their locations since they kidnapped Ganesh.Ganesh's family recounted how Kalpesh, who was aware of Ganesh's relationship with a girl older to him, tried to use that as a ruse to demand ransom money.The ransom money was scaled down from Rs 8 lakh to Rs 5 lakh and finally to Rs 3 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15542217", "title": "Engine of Shramshakti Express derails, passengers safe", "text": "KANPUR: The engine of the Shramshakti Express derailed this morning in a yard near Kanpur station, disrupting train traffic on the Jhansi-Banda route.No passenger was injured in the derailment. The incident took place at 6am when the train was coming to Kanpur from Delhi and halted at Juhi Yard just near the main station.As soon as the train started from Juhi Yard, the engine of the train derailed. However, as the train was moving at a slow speed, no passenger was injured, Sandeep Mathur, Chief PRO, North Central Railway, said.All the passengers disembarked at the Juhi Yard itself as it was close to the main station.Though the Delhi-Howrah route has not been affected by the derailment, the Jhansi-Banda route has been disrupted. Work is on to restore traffic on this route, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15540477", "title": "Management students lack in holistic view, opine experts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Management education has people who are pretty intelligent but do not have the perception of seeing things in totality. This view was expressed during a session on ethics and values in leadership during a conference at India's premier management institute - the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A).The IIM-A held a conference for its society members for the first time in 40 years. The two-day conference, which began on Friday at the institute's premises, is the second one since the IIMA's inception 50 years ago.IIM-A Society Conference was based on the theme 'Leadership and Governance,' where the role of ethics and values in leadership, persuasive communication, strategic management, business leadership and law were discussed. The conference was inaugurated by IIM-A director Samir Barua. The faculty at IIM-A who have specialized in leadership and governance provided insight into issues in these areas of management.\"Ethics is an integral part of leadership. In many cases, decisions taken by managers are plain wrong and unethical. But in most others, there are dilemmas involved. Therefore, education must be complemented with a mix of ethics, character, value and skills,\" said Professor S Manikutty, former professor at IIM-A, while presenting his views on Ethics and Values in Leadership.Professor Atanu Ghosh shared his experiences from his recently published book 'Strategies for Growth' in the IIM-A Book Series, while M M Monippally discussed the role played by persuasive communication in leadership and managerial roles.\"IIM-A has collaborations with 75 business schools in various programmes. IIMA's post graduate programme in Agri-business Management was ranked as number one in the world by EDUNIVERSAL, a France-based agency. Almost 10 per cent of IIM-A's alumni are entrepreneurs who have also created enterprises in the social sector and contributed significantly to social upliftment,\" said Barua while addressing members of the IIM-A society. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538761", "title": "CM turns focus on unauthorized colonies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Friday tasked her six cabinet ministers to spearhead development works in coordination with other MLAs and civic agencies in unauthorized colonies awaiting regularization.Sheila called her ministers over for breakfast and handed out their new assignments. Urban development minister A K Walia has been assigned northeast district, education minister Arvinder Singh Lovely has got east, while social welfare minister Dr Kiran Walia will take charge of south.The move has come at a time when there has been much speculation over a reshuffle of Dikshit's cabinet. Much of it has stemmed from mounting differences between the CM and urban development minister Dr A K Walia over the issue of regularization of colonies. Dikshit wants to rush it in view of the 2013 Assembly polls; but Walia seems to be determined to go ahead only after a proper study of the issue. His agreement with cautious bureaucrats has caused dismay in the political class.Political observers predict urban development ministry to fall in the kitty of education minister Arvinder Singh Lovely should a reshuffle happen.Social welfare minister Kiran Walia's portfolio may be also change. However, the party is still not sure if reshuffling is the right move when the loose ends of regularization process are being tightened.In any case, if a reshuffle happens and Walia is relieved from his ministry, his relationship with the CM will be strained further.However, in Friday's breakfast meeting, Dikshit is learnt to have kept the focus on initiating development works in unauthorized colonies. For the Congress-led government, expediting the much delayed regularization of unauthorized colonies has emerged as the most critical challenge before the assembly polls. Nearly 40 lakh residents stay in these colonies and are Congess' votebank.On Thursday, Dikshit had rushed her officials to the Union urban development ministry to overcome a legal hurdle in regularizing colonies. A case in Delhi high court required the government to inform the court before regularizing any unauthorized colony. The ministry has now referred the matter to the law ministry to seek clarity on whether the court needs to be apprised first. With clarifications expected to take sometime, the regularization may take up to a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15543072", "title": "Facebook's stock fall 'painful' to watch: Zuckerberg", "text": "LONDON: Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg has reportedly admitted that the firm's stock market tumble has been \"painful\" to watch, while addressing a meeting to boost the morale of his staff.He gathered the social networking site's staff to discuss the issue ahead of the release of an extra 271 million shares this week, which cut Facebook shares to just 19.87 dollars, almost half their 38 dollar floatation price.According to The Telegraph, witnesses said that at the meeting, the 28-year-old chief executive was asked if Facebook employees were allowed to talk about the firm's troubles on Wall Street.Zuckerberg reportedly replied saying that people should now feel comfortable talking about the issue, but still try not to focus on it.However, he was forced to acknowledge Facebook's \"painful\" stock market hammering to employees, whose options were issued at a higher price than the shares are currently trading at. Many remain unable to trade their share as a series of lock-in periods still remain in force, the paper said.After Facebook shares sank to a new record low, Zuckerberg's personal fortune has also been slashed to about 10 billion dollars, down from estimates of almost 20 billion dollars in May, the paper added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15539865", "title": "Three inebriated passengers from Mangalore handed over to Dubai security", "text": "MANGALORE: Three inebriated passengers onboard Air India Express 813 were handed over to Dubai security officials by its crew after they misbehaved with them and the passengers on Friday.The trio, all hailing from Mangalore, had boarded the flight at Bajpe airport. The flight departed for Dubai at 10.45pm on Thursday.The passengers, identified as Praveen Castelino, Ganadhar Bhavani and A K Amith Kumar, started misbehaving with the women cabin crew and later started hurling abuses, when passengers intervened.Sources said the drama unfolded an hour before the flight was to land in Dubai. \"They started demanding more liquor and used abusive language against the crew. At one point of time, the passengers told the trio to shut up as there were infants and children on the aircraft and also they wanted to get some sleep. But they continued their bawdy behaviour,'' the source said.The unruly passengers also did not cooperate with the cabin crew during the landing and tried to move around unbuckling their seatbelts. The source said one of them was using an electronic equipment and a camcorder to video shoot the episode, despite the crew asking them not to do so.The source added, \"Their papers were in order, hence will not be deported. They may be let off with punitive action according to Dubai law.\"This is not the first time there have been such incidents on the AIE. A couple of years ago, Ashraf from Puttur threatened to open the entrance door of the flight. Ashraf had also slapped the only male i among the crew members on board.About two years ago, the Dubai- bound AIE flight at 9.30pm was forced to land at the Mumbai airport due to the alleged unruly behaviour of two passengers, who posed security threat. The passengers - Prasad Shetty and Shanawaz Khan - started demanding alcohol within a few minutes of the flight taking off from Mangalore and even when the belt-fastening signal was on. When their behaviour turned for the worse the captain decided to land the flight in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15541057", "title": "Onam celebrations: Railway will run special trains during the festival", "text": "MANGALORE: The Southern Railway has introduced special trains to clear the extra rush of passengers during Onam season.Train no 06001 Chennai Central - Mangalore Central Superfast Special will leave Chennai Central at 8.45pm on August 25 and arrive Mangalore Central at 1.05pm the next day. Train no. 06002 Mangalore Central - Chennai Central Special will leave Mangalore Central at 7.20pm August 26 and will arrive at Chennai Central at 12.45pm the next day. The trains will stop at Arakkonam, Katpadi, Gudiyattam, Ambur, Vaniyambadi, Jolarpettai, Salem, Erode, Tiruppur, Coimbatore, Palakkad, Shoranur, Kuttipuram, Tirur, Kozhikkode, Vadakara, Thalassery, Kannur, Payyanur, Kanhangad and Kasaragod.Train no. 06304 Nagercoil - Mangalore Junction Special will leave Nagercoil at 9.05pm on August 29 and arrive Mangalore Junction at 12.30pm the next day. Train no. 06303 Mangalore Junction. - Nagercoil Special will leave Mangalore Junction at 1.45pm on August30 and arrive Nagercoil at4.45 am the next day. The trains will stop at Eraniel, Kulitturai, Neyyatinkara, Thiruvananthapuram, Kollam, Kayankulam, Chengannur, Tiruvalla, Kottayam, Ernakulam Town, Aluva, Thrisur, Shoranur, Kuttipuram, Kozhikkode, Vadakara, Thalassery, Kannur, Payyanur, Kanhangad and Kasaragod. Reservation for the above trains will commence on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "15539015", "title": "Nagaland BJP demands regular power supply", "text": "Kohima: The Nagaland unit of BJP demanded that the Democratic Alliance of Nagaland (DAN) government pay urgent attention to the anomalies in the power sector. The frequent power failure coupled with voltage fluctuations is making life miserable in Dimapur. The BJP asked the power department to ensure round-the-clock supply, failing which people might be forced to protest.BJP (Nagaland) spokesman and general secretary K James Vizo said the power situation has been so bad in the commercial hub in the last few days that even invertors used for power back-up stopped functioning. He added that besides domestic households and educational institutions, it has adversely affected the economy and the commercial activities of Dimapur, including the banking sector, hospitals and telecommunication.As a remedial measure, the party urged the power department to strictly enforce penalties on illegal power consumers and check power pilferage, which is the main cause for low voltage. It also pointed out that genuine consumers find it inconvenient to pay bills due to the limited paying counters and therefore, demanded an alternative arrangement from the department for the same.Observing that in many cases bills are calculated on an average basis despite the meters functioning well, the BJP said this implies that the meter readers are not doing their duties sincerely and are manipulating the bills and charging exorbitant amounts from consumers.The party sought to know whether the irregular power supply is due to the failure of the power department or the insensitivity and complacent attitude of the present government. Stating that since the inception of statehood in 1963, the power sector has not improved irrespective of governments. The BJP rejected the DAN government's claim of all round development in the state, demanding to know how the industrial sector can grow with the present power supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15538628", "title": "No help for Amit Jain yet", "text": "Not a single government agency has come forward to help Amit Jain who was seriously injured when a high mast pole fell on him a week ago. Struggling with injuries in hand, chest, shoulders and head, the executive of a telecommunications service provider was to be fitted with a rod in his left hand on Friday but the operation has been deferred. Jain is the only breadwinner for a family of three that includes his wife Rekha and two-year-old son Aditya. Chief minister Sheila Dikshit has earlier promised help after examining the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15539235", "title": "NMC collects Rs 7.59 lakh fine from octroi evaders", "text": "NASHIK: The octroi department of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has collected a total fine of Rs 7.59 lakh between August 1 to August 16, from businessmen evading octroi.The enterprises that evaded octroi include Nagpur General Stores, H R Traders, Dynamic Prestage, Yash Mobile, Paras Traders, Eaton Industries, Hira Plastic, Maxwell Enterprises, IPCOP India Ltd, U K Metal, brick dealer Keshav Sampatrao Erande , M/s Nashik Metal (Ambad) and M/s Sudal Industries (Ambad), according to civic officials.The total cost of the products of these enterprises amounts to Rs 52.13 lakh the total octroi to Rs 1.43 lakh and the defaulting fee to Rs 6.60 lakh. The total fine collected is Rs 7.59 lakh.The NMC took over octroi collection of octroi from a private agency appointed by it on May 18, and has, since then, collected a daily octroi of around Rs two crore, according to octroi department officials. \"Our staff has been vigilant in stopping evaders and have people who tried to evade octori and have been able to extract fines from them. We expect the collection to increase during Diwali,\" said an official. of the octroi department.He said that there has not been much resistance while the fine was being collected.\"We have been very strict this time and have tried to collect as much octroi and fine on evasion as possible,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15539061", "title": "Second lane opens at Signature Bridge", "text": "NEW DELHI: Driving from Kashmere Gate ISBT to Azadpur will now be a breeze. The second carriageway on the western approach road of the Wazirabad Signature Bridge project was thrown open to traffic on a trial basis on Thursday. The opposite carriageway has been operational since March.\"Earlier, the left carriageway of the approach road had been opened, and vehicles from the opposite direction \u2014 from ISBT to Azadpur \u2014 were allowed to ply on it though it was meant for traffic only from Azadpur to ISBT. The provision was needed to accommodate vehicles till the right carriageway was completed,\" said a source.Delhi Tourism and Transportation Development Corporation ( DTTDC), the agency in-charge of the project, opened the carriageway. The 1200-metre, three-lane carriageways can accommodate all types of vehicles, helping commuters avoid unending traffic jams under the flyover. One usually has to cross two congested traffic intersections \u2014 Wazirabad and Timarpur \u2014 while commuting between ISBT and GT Karnal Road. Now, the half-an-hour ride will be significantly reduced to barely a few minutes.Meanwhile, the eastern approach road, which is being built over the congested Khajuri Khas intersection, is expected to be completed by the end of this year. The deadline for the Signature Bridge is December 2013.The Signature Bridge project was first proposed in 1997 and was originally slated to be completed before the Commonwealth Games. As a result of the delay, the project cost has escalated to Rs 630 crore from the original estimate of Rs 460 crore.The bridge and its two approach roads, together called the Wazirabad Bridge project, will cost the government a total of Rs 1,131 crore. The project includes construction of a main cable-stayed bridge, western and eastern approach roads, pedestrian subways, road signage, landscaping and horticulture work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15539458", "title": "Summative Assessment-2 confusion persists as CBSE goes silent", "text": "NAGPUR: The continuing silence of CBSE on whether the schools will get question paper CD for Std IX &amp; X final exams has resulted in confusion getting worse. With most schools expressing there was confusion regarding the all important Summative Assessment-2 (SA-2), CBSE is choosing not to clear it.The simple question many schools are asking is whether CBSE will continue to send a CD containing questions papers for SA-2 exam or they have to set the paper themselves. If the board does not provide a CD, schools will be forced to set the paper for the final exam scheduled for March. The SA-2 is a pen-paper test for both Std IX &amp; X under the Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) system. In Std X, the students have the option to appear for a school-based SA-2 introduced in 2010-11 or traditional board exam.While board's chairman Vineet Joshi did not respond to TOI's calls and messages, even the usual official sources chose to remain non-committal. The opinion among even the top CBSE officials was divided with some maintaining that status quo will be maintained, while some hinting at a fresh circular with changes coming.Sadhana Parashar, CBSE's director of academic training, remained unavailable being in an 'important meeting'. Her office directed TOI queries to Ram Shankar, joint director of the board. Shankar simply refused to talk on the matter. \"I would suggest you speak to Parashar madam only for this as I am not in a position to comment,\" he said.It was, in fact, Shankar who had sent the June 27 letter to schools that triggered the confusion. The circular declared the board is discontinuing publication of blueprints, sample question papers and marking schemes of all major subjects for SA-2. However, it did not mention anything about the question paper CD. Annapoorni Shastri, chairperson of Nagpur Sahodaya Schools Complex, said, \"There are different ways in which schools would interpret that circular. I personally believe there is no change and the CD will be sent for SA-2. But principals have called me and I agree that there is confusion. It would have been better if the board had just added a line regarding the CD.\"Schools in Nagpur are now hoping that since the board has sent a circular on August 13 clarifying that the CD for SA-1 will be sent before September 10, it will do so for SA-2 also soon. Shastri said, \"Maybe a new circular will come and sort out the issue. Even regarding SA-1, we were all confused as there was no information from the board. Then on August 13, a detailed circular ended that matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15540076", "title": "Retirement village adopts natural methods of healing", "text": "COIMBATORE: More than 120 residents of a retirement village on the outskirts of Coimbatore have started collectively fighting age-related ailments by embracing naturopathy, an alternative healing method based on the belief that the body can heal itself naturally.Biding goodbye to both modern medicine and ayurveda , these senior citizens have adopted a holistic lifestyle, following a drugless system of healing, based on the belief that human bodies become sick only when they fail to conform to the laws of nature. With guidance from a young couple, experts in naturopathy and yogic sciences, who graduated from the Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences in Bangalore, the entire group of people have switched to natural methods of healing. Through diet, yoga and meditation, they not only control their ailments, but they also age gracefully. Many have already testified that naturopathy is superior to conventional medicine in treating age-related illnesses including diabetics, stress, addictions, weight reduction and hearth health.Rejuvenation is the key to conquer age-related ailments. It was by sheer chance that one of our community members introduced the young naturopathy experts to us. We are living proof that a life without medicines is possible even beyond the age of 60,\" says 68-year-old Santha Thyagarajan, one among the 60 couples who constitute Melur Medows Active Retirment Village at Kumaran Kundru Village near Mettupalayam. Hailing from Chennai, Santha was suffering from a hyper thyroid. However, medical examinations conducted after eight months of following naturopathy had found that she was absolutely normal. Now she is free from medication.We became part of the retirement village two years ago after we were convinced about the facilities offered by its promoter. But embracing naturopathy was our decision and it took a while to convince other members. But the experiment has proved to be a success,\" says James David and his wife Rosalin David, who settled in Mettupalayam after working in Australia for more than five decades. James, who undergone two bypass surgeries, is now leading a healthy life practising yoga, cycling and meditation.We are not totally averse to modern medicine. The community is actively networked with some good hospitals in Coimbatore in case of emergencies. However, our day to day living is devoid of medicines. We have successfully weaned off community members from medication gradually, by helping them adapt to an alternative lifestyle that is one with nature,\" explains Satheesh and Aparna, the young couple.Colonel Keval Puri of Bangalore, who joined the community three months ago after completing his service in the Army, said he was able to shed 10 kg after undertaking naturopathy. Due to demand, Satheesh has now started providing naturopathy treatment to people outside of the community. The process of treatment involves detoxification of the body and mind followed by rejuvenation. Satheesh says awareness about naturopathy is low in Coimbatore region. \"If we can create awareness, more people will opt for naturopathy,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15538557", "title": "One-fifth of state now drought-hit", "text": "MUMBAI: According to estimates, at least one-fifth of Maharashtra is now drought-hit. Rains continue to be over 50% deficient in 64 out of 355 talukas. This has resulted in less than 50% sowing in these talukas, leading to a drought crisis.While the state will now approach the Centre to officially declare these talukas as drought-hit, a decision was taken at a high-level meeting of the cabinet over the crisis to initiate short and long-term drought relief and mitigation measures in affected areas. What's even more concerning is that the crisis is expected to deepen further.In the meeting, ministers from the Marathwada belt insisted that the extent of drought in affected talukas was being under reported.Though CM Prithviraj Chavan is believed to have shot down suggestions asking for relaxation of norms for declaration of drought, he has ordered a survey of rainfall deficiency and the sowing situation at the local level. The state administration has been asked to submit a report within a week.The decision was taken after some ministers objected to their talukas not being included in the list of drought-hit areas. The ministers included Rajesh Tope, who hails from the most rain-deficient district of Jalna, Jaydutt Kshirsagar, Babanrao Pachpute, Balasaheb Thorat and Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil.A decision to appoint a cabinet sub-committee to study the need for relaxation of norms in providing work under employment generation schemes was also taken.The sub-committee will be led by relief and rehabilitation minister Patangrao Kadam. The drought crisis has resulted in increase in demand for employment under EGS. While some ministers demanded restarting of fodder depots in drought-hit areas, Chavan and deputy CM Ajit Pawar opposed the demand. Financial constraints and lack of grants provided by Centre for the depots were also cited.Guardian ministers of drought-hit areas have been asked to review relief work in their districts. Cattle camps and supply of drinking water through private tankers will continue on a need basis, state officials said. A demand for restructuring of short-term loans and survey of drought-hit sugar mills was also raised at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15540082", "title": "Civic woes continue to haunt residents despite Independence Day award", "text": "COIMBATORE: While councillors cutting across party lines are busy fighting tooth and nail to take credit for the best corporation award bestowed on Coimbatore city, residents are bombarded with numerous civic woes that never get resolved despite repeated reminders sent to the relevant officers.Take for instance PP Selvaraj who lives near Paappanaickenpalayam. Once he steps outside the main gate of his residence, manipulating the streets in his neighbourhood is an ordeal. Although works for laying the underground drainage pipes had begun six months ago, the soil dug up still remains on the streets, causing havoc, especially when it rains.\"Works began almost six months ago and it is still progressing. The pace of work is not consistent. The drains in the area are completely blocked with silt and sewage water overflowing onto the main road. We hope the corporation will do something before the rainy season. Else, life will become miserable for all of us here,\" said Selvaraj.A garbage bin which was moved to the centre of the road to facilitate digging of a UGD trench still remains there with garbage spilling over even after the trench has been filled up. \"This entire stretch of road has been in this condition for a long time so we generally avoid this route as the road is uneven and the chances of getting stuck are high,\" said T Senthilkumar, an auto rickshaw driver from the area.Residents say that the drainage works are creating many civic woes. In addition, the project is moving at a snail's pace. Mayor S M Velusamy also acknowledged the problem and said he would put measures in place to ensure works are completed at the earliest.Residents also said that in some places the underground chamber for the UGD lines is being made out of red bricks instead of roller compacted concrete which can bear the weight of heavy vehicles. But corporation officials claimed that red bricks were being used only in inner roads where vehicular density is low because project costs would escalate if concrete was used in all areas.The corporation is also in the initial stage of constructing the Sewage Treatment Plants (STPs) to which the Underground drainage lines are to be eventually connected. \"The land acquisition has been completed for Ondipudur STP and we are waiting for clearance from the pollution control board for the STP at Nanjundapuram,\" said TK Ponnusamy, commisioner Coimbatore corporation.The corporation is yet to arrive at a solution for managing the additional 200 tonne waste generated from the newly added areas. The solid waste management facility at Vellalore is presently treating the entire waste generated from the old and added areas of the corporation. Mayor Velusamy assured that the corporation will soon come up with a proposal to treat the waste from the new areas. The desilting of drains will be completed soon, the mayor added, as residents frequently complain of overflowing sewage water.The corporation is yet to prepare a master plan and finalise the shifting of the zoo at VOC Park. The license from the Central Zoo Authority expires in July 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15543531", "title": "Bus collides with a lorry, 40 people injured", "text": "At least 40 people injured when a KSRTC bus, they were travelling on collided with a tipper lorry in Chelakkara on Friday morning.The bus was on its way from Wadakkanchery to Erumeli and the lorry was heading to Thrissur side.The injured were admitted to Government Medical College, Mulankunnathukavu and various private hospitals in Thrissur. According to Chelakkara Police, \"the lorry skidded off the road while negotiating a deep curve, which was slippery due to rain in the morning. The lorry slipped and crashed into each other. Soon after the incident, driver and co-worker ran away from the accident spot\".Police said, \"Passengers told us that they were thrown out of their seats in the collision\". Following the accident, the traffic on the National Highway got disrupted for more than two hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15540685", "title": "Interview for GMCH director put off again", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The much-awaited date of interview for selection of director-principal of Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH), Sector 32, has been deferred indefinitely by the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC).The interview was scheduled to be held on Saturday. This has been done after some of the faculty moved CAT against not being informed about their eligibility to apply for the post.Now, the director-principal, Dr Raj Bahadur, will continue on the post until the final date for interview is announced.One of the doctors in the fray had filed a petition that UPSC had not called him for interview. \"The court did not object to his appearing for the interview and left the decision to UPSC. Now, another section of the faculty from the institute has contested the issue,\" said R S Bains, advocate, who had been fighting these internal disputes over holding the interview.The extended tenure of Dr Raj Bahadur got over on February 29 following a three-month extension by the UT administration. PGI director Dr Y K Chawla had written to UT administration, seeking repatriation of Dr Raj Bahadur, who had moved from PGI to GMCH on deputation for three years. The administration had sought time from PGI until the UPSC filled the post.At present, there are five contenders for the post of director-principal: Suman Kochhar, head of radiodiagnosis department, Dr A K Janmeja, head of pulmonary medicine, Dr Arjun Dass, head of ENT department, Dr Jagdish Chander, head of microbiology department and Dr B S Chavan, head of department of psychiatry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15539422", "title": "RU turns into fortress ahead of elections", "text": "JAIPUR: On the eve of Rajasthan University students' election, the campus turned into a fortress with heavy deployment of police and round-the-clock surveillance at all the constituent colleges.According to RU officials, over 1000 police personnel have been deployed at sensitive sites in and around the colleges. The university has also installed 12 CCTV cameras at the main campus and the constituent colleges to monitor movement of students.\"The university and its constituent colleges will have 130 polling booths, besides one for research scholars. Every booth will be monitored by two policemen, one inside the room or hall and another at the gate,\" said RV Singh, dean, students' welfare.A total of 27,331 students, including 831 research scholars, will cast their votes on Saturday. Twelve candidates, among them two girls, are vying for the president's post.Election officials expect 30-40% voter turnout with several students already leaving for home over an extended weekend with Eid being celebrated on Monday.Each student will cast 10 votes, four for the university panel, four for respective department or college panel, and two for class representatives. Singh said, \"The polling will start at 8 am and end at 1 pm. The counting is expected to start at 3 pm at the Humanities hall.\"The DSW (Dean Students Welfare) office has warned students of police action against any malpractice. Students have been advised to bring fee slip along with the identity card.The election office has formed a team of 100 officials-- teaching and non-teaching staff-- for counting and compiling data. The results are expected to be out by 10 am on Sunday.By midnight, the ballot boxes will be kept at the respective booths in the presence of police. Major groups contesting elections are NSUI and ABVP. Meanwhile, university administration has banned the entry of vehicles with tinted glasses in the campus. After polling, students (non-boarders) will not be allowed to enter the university till Sunday morning.Learning lessons from the past, they have prohibited students to form a rally and enter the campus. Senior police officers will be at the main gate to monitor the situation.Post announcement of results, candidates will not be allowed to take out victory processions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15539396", "title": "Cold mix viability to be decided after a month", "text": "NASHIK: The decision on the viability of continuing to use cold mix technology to repair potholes in the citywill be taken within a week by the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC).The civic body used this technology, which as been also been used in Mumbai, due to its long-lasting quality but the NMC has found that the treatment is four times more expensive. has filled up potholes on trial basis in certain locations in the city using cold mix, a technology used in Mumbai for long-lasting repair of potholes, The the civic body has discovered that the method is but has found that it is four times more expensive.Therefore the decision regarding the viability of this road repair technology would be taken by the NMC within a month.Hot mix that is usually used to construct and repair roads cannot be used during the rainy season, which is why the potholes were being filled with gravel, sand and murum. But the quality and life of the latter is very poor. Municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare, had therefore announced the use of cold-mix on August 9.The new method, e cold mix which uses polymerised modifier was used on a trial basis to fill up potholes. A public works department engineer of the NMC's public works department said that they would observe results of the technology after a month and then decide if its use should be continued. it can be used.\"The cost of this technology is four times more than the normal method used in road repair and construction and we have to consider the cost factor,\" said the engineer.He added that the material was of better The engineer said that is quality was not affected by rainwater either. on the material.\"If this method is successful we will use this technology next year during the monsoon,\" the PWD engineer added.The roads stretching from Modern Cafe (on Gangapur Road) towards Gangapur, Hotel Panchavati Elite on Trimbak Road and from Raviwar Karanja to Raje Bahadur petrol pump and have been filled with cold mix.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15539702", "title": "Gaondongrim camp to help locals avail of schemes", "text": "MARGAO: In a bid to ensure that benefits of various welfare schemes reach the desired section of the population, the South Goa district administration has decided to organise camps in rural and remote areas where all government departments, including banks and financial institutions, will guide villagers to avail of the schemes.The first such two-day camp will be held in Gaondongrim village of Canacona taluka on August 25-26.Addressing reporters on Friday, South Goa collector N D Agarwal informed that Gaondongrim village was selected as the venue for the first such camp in view of the high concentration of tribal population in that hamlet.Most of the government departments, including directorates of agriculture, animal husbandry, panchayats, social welfare, RDA, besides Khadi and village industries commission ( KVIC), will participate in the camp.To facilitate easy processing of loans, officials from the State Bank of India and NABARD will also be present for the camp.\"In most cases, the processing of applications and sanctioning of loans will be done on the spot. To help the people in obtaining the required documents - like caste certificate, residence certificate, income certificate, etc - to avail of the schemes, the talathis, BDOs and mamlatdars will also be there to provide them the documents. The aim is to let the benefits percolate to the lowest strata of the society,\" Agarwal said.It may be recalled that Agarwal, at a review meeting held by him of banks and government agencies last month, had expressed concern over the seemingly poor response to the various welfare schemes. The idea of reaching out to the remote villages by organizing such camps was prompted at this meeting, sources said.\"If the people somehow fail to come to us to avail of the schemes, it's our task to identify the beneficiaries and ensure that the benefits reach the targeted population,\" Agarwal had reportedly told the officers at the meeting.To facilitate the overnight stay of the government officers in the remote village, the district administration has booked 30 rooms of the local high school. If the Gaondongrim camp evokes the desired response, similar camps will be held in other rural areas of the district, it was informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15539123", "title": "NDFB-P rakes up Bodoland issue with Sonia Gandhi", "text": "GUWAHATI: Amid the ongoing violence in the Bodoland Territorial Area District (BTAD), the National Democratic Front of Boroland (Progressive) leaders have brought up the separate Bodoland state demand with UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi .During a recent meeting with the UPA chairperson recently, the NDFB(P) delegation led by the outfit's president, B Sungthagra, said that granting a separate Bodoland under the Constitution was the only solution to safeguard the identity of Bodos against the onslaught of influx from Bangladesh.Sungthagra said that the present BTAD, being devoid of home affairs powers, was unable to safeguard the lives and properties of people living in the area.\"The recent communal clash was a glaring example of BTAD not being able to safeguard the life and properties of people living in the area because it is devoid of home powers. BTAD, an outcome of the Bodo Accord in 2003, had to remain a silent spectator amid the violence. The provisions and power of BTAD are not enough to save and protect the existence and identity of the sons of the soil,\" Sungthagra said.NDFB(P), which is in a dialogue with Centre for the last seven years, said that the recent communal clash was an outcome of the ploy to settle immigrants from Bangladesh in Bodo-inhabited areas at the cost of national security and the identity of indigenous communities.\"Our demand for the separate Boroland state is to save and protect the identity of the sons of the soil of Assam and also to bring in permanent peace in the northeast,\" Sungthagra said.Demanding an impartial probe into the recent communal clash, the NDFB(P) also told Sonia that the National Register of Citizens should be updated on the basis of the 1951 census before rehabilitation of displaced \"illegal migrants\".Earlier this month, the NDFB(P) had said that a separate state was a legitimate demand for the Bodos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15538750", "title": "Ploy to stall flight bombs on man who wants to wait for pal", "text": "MUMBAI: A resident from the city, along with his mother and a friend, was not allowed to board a plane in Goa after he reportedly asked airline officials if a bomb hoax could delay the flight so that another friend, who was caught on his way to the airport, could come on board. The word \"bomb\" sent the officials in a tizzy and they truned the four away, tagging the resident \"a threat\", though he denied using the word.On August 10, Valentine Silveira, his mother Philomena and friend Bharat Shetty reached the Goa airport at 12.40pm to board an 1.55pm Indigo flight to Mumbai. The flight was to take off at 1 55 pm.Trouble started as another friend of Valentine, Vivek Sharma, did not reach the airport on time. \"At the check-in counter, Valentine asked ground staff Nikasha to do a proxy check for their fourth companion who was running late. As per IndiGo's Standard Operating Procedure, the ground staff cannot perform a proxy check-in. Boarding pass is issued only after proper photo identification. This procedure was reiterated by the IndiGo staff to the passenger,\" a statement from the airline said. The airline also stated, \"Valentine got upset and in his conversation with the staff,he indicated that he can delay the flight by calling up and saying there is bomb in the aircraft. In line with safety and security standards, considering the passenger's behaviour as a threat to co-passengers, IndiGo aircraft and crew, the IndiGo's airport manager denied boarding him.\"After his conversation with the person at the check-in counter, Valentine said the airline staff told them using words like \"bomb\" could land them in prison. \"After around 40 minutes, the airline security staff approached me. Theyasked me to accompany them, told me that I was a threat to their flight and so, they were offloading us,\" he said. Valentine claimed they were told that they would be blacklisted from flying by any airline across the country. Upset, he reportedly called up an aide of a Union minister who spoke to the airline staff, but to no avail. \"If I was a threat, then why did they allow me to leave the airport? They could have handed over my custody to the CISF or the police and not refunded my fare. I had not used the word, 'bomb',\" he said.The airline said Sharma reached the airport at 1.25pm and apologized when he was briefed about the incident.Denied boarding the flight, Valentine lodged a complaint with the authorities following which the airline refunded his, Philomena and Shetty's fares; for Sharma, it paid him the taxes collected from him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15539400", "title": "Locals demand security for Muslims in Assam", "text": "JAIPUR: The ripples created by Assam violence were also felt in Jaipur as large numbers of people gathered at the MD Road to hold a peaceful meeting after the Friday namaz demanding security for Muslims in Assam.The Rajasthan Muslim Forum (RMF), which organized the gathering, alleged that the Assam government was indirectly supporting the Bodos involved in killing of Muslims and making them homeless. It criticized the Assam government for its failure to curb violence against Muslims.People were seen holding up placards with messages like 'Assam main hui tabahi ka sarkar jawab de' (the government should be answerable for the destruction in Assam); one message said 'Government of India! Give security to the victims in Assam'. Yet another message was, \"The government should feel shame for the violence in Assam.\"The gathering pointed towards the failure of government in providing security to the victims in Assam, which caused destruction leaving more than 4 lakh people homeless, who are now staying in rescue camps.Rajasthan Muslim Forum (RMF) coordinator Qari Moinuddin said, \"The government ought to do justice to the victims of Assam violence.\"Jamaat-e-Islami Hind national secretary Engineer Mohammad Salim said, \"The ongoing violence in Assam is not merely a dispute between the Bodos and Muslims but other fascist and communal forces are also involved, who gave a communal colour to the violence.\"The meeting passed the resolution demanding that the government immediately stop the violence in Assam. They also demanded arrest of the accused in Muslim killings.They also expressed concern over violence against Rohingya Muslims in Burma and appealed to the international organization to exert pressure on the Burmese government to stop violence against Muslims there. They said the Rohingya Muslims have been living in Burma for centuries so they should be given the nationality of Burma.The Muslims also collected funds for victims of Assam violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "panaji/margao", "code": "15539949", "title": "Northeastern state migrants residing in Goa also head home", "text": "PANAJI/MARGAO: The exodus of people from Assam and other northeastern states in other parts of the country appears to have triggered a similar migration out of Goa, as groups of them left the state for their home towns and many more are preparing to leave soon.Though their numbers are restricted to a few hundreds in Goa and though there is no apparent threat to them here, sources said hordes of northeasterners were seen at railway stations in Margao and Vasco on Friday. Some were seen at city bus stand, set to travel to railway stations for onward journeys by train.The exodus has adversely affected some security agencies. \"We have lost more than 200 boys as they left for varying reasons,\" said a manager of an agency near Panaji.Employers attributed the exodus to rumours after riots in Mumbai and the scare in Bangalore. \"Some of them have left fearing a backlash in Goa, though we assured them that their safety is our concern too,\" a source said.C P Jaggi, proprietor of Safe Security, Margao, told TOI that eight guards have left and an identical number have informed him of their plans to quit soon. \"This has severely affected my business as they are extremely hardworking and sincere,\" he said. He added that the men have promised to return once the situation turns normal. \"When they have worked with my firm for many years, I cannot deny them their freedom to leave their job,\" Jaggi said.From P1Jaggi explained that the men in his employment got calls from their friends and families back home informing them about the violence in other places and saying that no place in India would be safe for them. \"Though they were reluctant to leave their jobs, they feared for their lives following threats of impending attacks on them,\" said Jaggi.A manager of a security agency added, \"The Assamese are a closely-knit community and maintain a rapport with their fellow men in other parts of the country. If something happens, they communicate immediately. Some boys left without even claiming their wages.\"Agreed Jaggi, \"They are gripped by a sense of insecurity, which is being fuelled by rumour-mongering.\"\"We did speak to, and tried to convince their parents and kin back home in Assam about the safe situation here, but it was futile,\" said the manager of a security agency.A few Assamese said they are not worried about their own security, but want to be with their families in the hour of crisis. \"We are always away from them, and if we are not by their side now, what is the use of going later?\" a youth told TOI.Another Assamese youth said he had received a call regarding his kin being injured back home. \"I will return after being with him for a few days,\" he said.Some northeasterners have stayed back though, and sources said these are among the more senior in age. \"Most of the Assamese are young, between 22 to 25 years, and really of tender minds and easily swayed by rumours,\" a source said.Apurvanath, a security guard from Assam, told TOI, \"We have decided not to leave. I am in touch with my family. I have told them that they should not worry. We are safe in Goa.\" But he clarified that he and his colleagues from Assam will meet and decide collectively if the situation changes or circumstances demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15540742", "title": "The diary of a student from northeast", "text": "We look different in a crowd and that made many of us flee the cities that are not our home. Anyone could easily identify us in the South as we look like Mongoloids. Since I live in this city, closely connected with many other friends from the northeast region through networks and groups, I understand that the situation is comparatively better in Chennai.Since I am a student, I do have a lot of friends from various parts of the country. Socialising and networking make us confident and that is the only factor that still makes many students to stay back in Chennai . We got the best friends and teachers to give us confidence, and access to internet , newspapers and television reports make us more informed of what is happening around. But those who work in the construction sector and bonded labourers have no access to any of this information. At the most, they might have a cellphone to make calls to their family living in some remote villages in the northeast. I understand that misinformation and rumours spread through SMS. Since there were attacks on north-east population in other cities, rumours spread rapidly among our community here in Chennai, and that made many of us leave the city without any other hope.I wish the authorities had come out faster to ensure the safety of people. It will be great if the government issues circulars to universities, colleges and work places where we live and survive. Instead of sending them back, the government should have instilled confidence in them. At the railway station, police were keen only to avoid a stampede. They could have given them the courage to stay back.I do love this city and it is the best place to study. I am sure that we will never be targeted as long as we respect society and its history. And yes , we come from the other part of the country and study here as our state failed to provide us a peaceful life.(Pheiga Gangmei Simeon is from Manipur and studies BSc Maths at Loyola College)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15538953", "title": "Munda stresses on better roads, bridges in state", "text": "RANCHI: To improve connectivity between blocks, district headquarters and the state capital, the government is laying stress on construction, widening and repair of roads and bridges all over the state.As the monsoon is coming to an end, the road construction department has started laying foundation stones to start work. Chief minister Arjun Munda , who is also in charge of road construction, has laid foundation stones for two projects, one in Ranchi and the other in Jamshedpur. The foundation stones for the widening of Karamtoli-Ormajhi Road was laid on Thursday and Hata-Musabani in Jamshedpur on Friday.After laying the foundation stone for the Hata-Musabani Road online from the CM House in Ranchi, Munda said the government wants to ensure connectivity to the remotest areas of the state with the district headquarter and the state capital. The single lane 44.4-km road will be widened and made into a double road.\"We know that prosperity of a place depends on how well connected it is. Roads not only help in easy communication but also improve trade and commerce. I hope better roads bring economic prosperity to the remote areas of the state,\" said Munda.Sources in chief minister's secretariat said that the widening of the Hata-Musabani Road and Karamtoli-Ormajhi will be completed before January 2014.\"The chief minister wants all important roads, at least those which connect blocks with district headquarters, to be widened. The state government has already sanctioned around Rs 100 crore for widening of roads bridges and construction of new culverts wherever required,\" said a source.The total road projects that will be undertaken under the scheme will be around 20 and bridges and culverts will be around 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15543335", "title": "Antare Sudhu Tumi music launched", "text": "The music launch of 'Antare Sudhu Tumi' which stars Aviraj, Ratri Goswami, Vivek Trivedi, Santwana Basu, Bodhisatwa Majumdar, Kamalika, Anuradha Roy, Kalyan Chatterjee, Bhola Tamang and others took place at the Eye Within Club on Thursday.At the event, Ratri looked sensuous in a bright red dress that scorched up the temperature at the event. Santwana looked simple, yet pretty in black, while Vivek, dressed in a blue checked shirt, was all smiles at the event. The story and direction of the movie is by Mritunjoy Roy while the screenplay is by Debasish Bose. The music is by Soumitra Kundu and it has been produced by Alok Sen. The film is expected to release on 31st August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15540378", "title": "PM morally responsible, must quit: BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Terming coalgate the biggest scam in the UPA regime, opposition BJP held Prime Minister Manmohan Singh \"morally, politically and personally\" responsible for the Rs 1.86 lakh crore loss estimated by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) in coal block allocation and called for his resignation.At a press conference addressed by its two leaders of opposition in Parliament \u2014 Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley \u2014 the party made no mention of the two other CAG reports tabled on Friday on the Delhi International Airport Ltd and the Sasan power project, keeping the focus firmly on the Prime Minister. \"The other two reports are very important so we will take it up after going through them,\" Jaitley said.\"The Prime Minister is directly responsible for this wrongful loss as he himself was the minister for most of the eight years that the government took to decide on bidding process for the allocation. He must seriously introspect on accepting moral responsibility for this loss and quitting his office,\" the BJP leaders said.The main opposition held Singh responsible for this delay as he was coal minister for five of the eight years. Alleging that \"this scam\" is bigger than the Rs 1.76 lakh crore 2G swindle, the leaders said they would raise the issue in both Houses of Parliament.Senior party leader Yashwant Sinha was equally scathing. \"After the licence-permit-quota raj, this is yet another instance of robber barons discovering natural resources as happy hunting ground for making windfall gains. They had complete free play. Natural resources, whether it is land, minerals or air waves were all sold at ridiculously low prices through methods that lack transparency,\" he said.Sinha added the leadership of the government was liable for action under Prevention of Corruption Act as it was a case of \"public policy bereft of public interest\".Rejecting the government's argument that they were merely following recommendations of state governments, both Sinha and Jaitley said the defence was too much of a stretch. \"Since when has the UPA become defenders of Centre-state relations? The allocation of major minerals is the job of the Centre,\" Sinha said while Jaitley made it clear that \"coal is a central subject\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15539325", "title": "Man shot dead in Bahadurgarh", "text": "A youth accused in murder case was shot by four assailants in Bahadurgarh on Friday. Praveen Kumar, 30, was a resident of Teachers' Colony and had come to buy some medicines at a medical store on the Railway Road when the assailants shot him in the stomach from a close range. He died on way to PGIMS, Rohtak. Police have registered a murder case on the complaint of the victim's father and booked Mukesh, Dharamvir, Manjit and Amit -- all residents of Bahadurgarh. Inspector Vijay Kumar said Praveen was out on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15540329", "title": "Corp floats retender for the disposal of plastic waste", "text": "KOZHIKODE: With the contractor entrusted with the task pulling out of the job, the removal of the piled up plastic waste from different parts of the city got delayed again. Following this the civic body has gone for a retender.It was a month ago that the city corporation awarded the deal to a contractor from Tamil Nadu. He had agreed to procure one kilogram plastic waste for Rs 4.5 per kg. According to the officials, more than 20,000 tonnes of plastic waste is piled up at various parts of the city.Health standing committee chairperson Janamma Kunjunni said that the contractor had withdrawn from the deal after he failed to remove the waste within the agreed time. However, it is learnt that the civic body has expelled the agent after it came to know that the contractor was trying to resell the plastic waste to another person. \"We will select another agent from the many who have expressed their interest in removing the plastic wastes,\" said the standing committee chairperson.The corporation officials have also informed that there would be a delay in resuming the operation of plastic recycling unit at West Hill Industrial Estate area. \"We won't be able to recycle the piled up waste at the recycling plant as it is yet to be fully operational and the corporation has not signed a memorandum of understanding with Sun Rise Plastic Industry, the company that is running the plant, in this regard,\" Janamma Kunjunni added. \"They have requested for six more months' time for the complete commissioning of the plant, but we have told them to be ready in a month. They have to install two more machines for the recycling of plastic at the plant,\" she said. \"An MoU will be soon inked with the plant,\" she added.\"The agency also requested us to allot three collection points in the corporation limit for the collection of generated plastic waste. We have agreed to provide three locations in the city; Puliyakkode, Kuttichira near Kallai Railway Station and at the West Hill Industrial Estate area,\" said Janamma Kunjunni.##Kozhikode: The public need to wait some more months to get rid of the piled up plastic waste menace in the Kozhikode Corporation limit as the contractor to whom the civic body awarded contract for the one-time removal of the plastic waste has withdrawn from the task. Following the withdrawal of the contractor, the civic body has gone for a retender for the task.The city corporation had entrusted a contractor from Tamil Nadu a month back for the one time removal of the plastic wastes piled up at the various places in the corporation limit after people from various walks of life staged protest demanding the removal of plastic waste. The Tamil Nadu based team had agreed to procure one kilogram plastic waste for Rs.4.5 per kg. It is learnt that the civic body ousted the agent after it sensed that the contractor had tried to resell the plastic waste to another person. According to the officials, more than 20,000 tonnes of plastic waste is piled up at various parts of the city including at Arabindgosh road, Kozhikode Beach, in front of the old corporation office and on the narrow pocket roads in the city.Health Standing Committee chairperson Janamma Kunjunni said that the contractor had withdrawn from the deal after he failed to remove the piled up waste from the various parts of the city on the agreed time. We will select an agent from the many who have expressed their interest in removing the plastic wastes,'' said the health standing committee chairperson. we won't be able to recycle the piled up waste at the recycling plant as the plant is yet to resume its operation fully and not singed Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the company Sun Rise Plastic Industry,'' said the standing committee chairperson.The civic body has been inviting the wrath of the general public as the sticky smell and flit water flowing from the piled up waste is a common site at the city limit.Meanwhile the corporation officials have also informed that there will be a delay in resuming the operation of plastic recycling unit at West Hill Industrial Estate area.The agency had requested us allot three collection points in the corporation limit for the collection of generated plastic waste. We have agreed to provide three locations in the city such as Puliyakkode, Kuttichira near Kallai Railway Station and at the West Hill Industrial Estate area,'' said the Health standing committee chairperson. the agent has asked us a time of six months for the complete commissioning of the plant but we have asked them to begin the work within a month. They need to install two more sophisticated machineries for the recycling of plastic at the plant. An MoU will be soon inked with the agent of the plant,'' said Janamma Kunjunni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15542531", "title": "Cheryl Cole may hurt my inexperienced son, says singer's new beau's mum", "text": "Cheryl Cole's new love interest's mother has revealed that her son may get his heart broken by the singer as he is inexperienced in love - unlike his divorcee girlfriend.\"She might hurt him. She's been married before,\" the Sun quoted Shirley Holloway as saying.And while she might be apprehensive about Tre's future love life, the 56-year-old has insisted that her son is no love rat like the singer's ex-hubby footballer Ashley Cole .\"He wouldn't do that. That's not him. He has dated in the past in college and high school but it was nothing serious,\" she said.The 26-year-old's mum also revealed that she was stunned after seeing an exclusive on Thursday's that showed her son leaving a restaurant in London with the crooner.\"I don't know Cheryl. I've only seen pictures on the Internet. Tre said she was pretty big (in the UK),\" Holloway said.\"He's been dancing for her for a couple of years now, I think,\" he said.The X-factor dancer's mum, who had suspected something was going on between the pair, also admitted that Tre' had mentioned her ladylove on the phone.\"He mentioned that one day last month they went somewhere. He never said she was his girlfriend. But he said, 'Oh, she likes me'. I got the feeling he was maybe quite into her,\" she said.\"Of course I'm curious to meet her. If this is a serious relationship then I'm looking forward to meeting her because I trust Tre's judgment.\"If he likes her, then she must be a good person,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15540795", "title": "Flexible joints might spell trouble", "text": "CHANDIGARH: 33-year-old Kalpana took to the treadmill and gyming to loose the extra flab, but little did she realize that she was too flexible and this put her at risk of suffering with arthritis. Ailing with benign hyper mobility syndrome, which is on the rise in the city as the incidence reported has increased with more and more people taking on to gym, experts recommend that one must know the body type before heading to the gym or taking on a rigorous exercise regime.Dr Ashit Syngle, senior rheumatologist at a private hospital in Mohali, said, \"This condition is more prevalent in women. Also those who have a family history of arthritis must take precautions as they are likely to genetically acquire it in the future.\"Doctors caution people suffering with the syndrome not to walk more after they get fatigued. \"Their ligaments are loose and more prone to injury. They might suffer with frequent falls and consequent sports like injury which has no underlying cause,\" said Dr Syngle.The joint hypermobility syndrome is a condition that features joints that easily move beyond the normal range expected for a particular joint. \"The patient should not stand for long. This condition runs in the family and sometimes does not get noticed even during adulthood until there is chronic pain in the joints after physical exertion,\" said Dr Aman Sharma, internal medicine, PGI.Symptoms of the joint hypermobility syndrome include pain in the knees, fingers, hips and elbows. Often joint hypermobility causes no symptoms and requires no treatment.\"When I was able to place the palms of my hands on the floor without bending the knees and the elbow stretched beyond 180 degree, I flaunted it as flexibility. But when I started feeling pain in my feet and arms after some work, the doctor diagnosed this unusual elasticity as a syndrome,\" said Ritu Arora, a resident of Sector 11. Over time this hypermobility can result in degenerative cartilage and arthritis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15537675", "title": "Bid to take out rally to protest Israeli 'tyranny' foiled", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police foiled a bid by some Muslim leaders to take out a rally in the Old City protesting Israeli tyranny in Palestine and the massacre of Muslims in Myanmar and Assam on Friday.A Shia group, Tanzeem-e-Jaferia, joined hands with a Sunni organization, Tanzeem-e-Quaderia, to take out a rally from Purani Haveli to Darulshifa despite the police denying them permission. The rally was to mark Yaum Al-Aqsa or the Al-Aqsa Mosque Day that is observed in different parts of the world.The Mirchowk police arrived at the spot and took 40 people into custody, some of whom were carrying placards and banners. They were shifted to Kanchanbagh police station and released later in the day. \"The rally was being taken out illegally as the police had denied them permission,\" Mirchowk sub-inspector D Jalender Reddy said. According to sources, cops had given permission for the rally last year. But in view of the unrest in Assam and the subsequent tension in other states, the police declined permission for the rally this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15539210", "title": "Who is Jiyalal, why is he key accused in Maruti case?", "text": "GURGAON: Jiyalal, the main accused in Maruti violence case who was arrested on Thursday, is from a modest family background. The preliminary investigation has revealed that he was living alone as a tenant in a village near Manesar alone. He is married but his family used to stay in his native village.Jiyalal became the \"main accused\" in the police FIR once it came to light that his suspension was the trigger for the violence on July 18. However, as reported by TOI, most probably his suspension was merely a catalyst in a process that was set in motion by two earlier suspensions, which, however, were later revoked.The man, who beat up a supervisor before getting suspended, was on the run for almost a month, from July 18 till he was nabbed on Thursday, August 16.According to police, 27-year-old Jiyalal, a native of Dhakal village, Jind district in Haryana, and has been working with Maruti Suzuki , Manesar plant from September, 5, 2007. His father reportedly works as vegetable vendor in the village and his mother is a homemaker. After doing his ITI course, he tried for a job in Gurgaon and with the help of another villager he got the job in the Manesar plant of Maruti Suzuki.Police sources said that there was no sign of his having any property in Gurgaon and was living as a tenant in Aliyar Dhana village and earlier was a resident of Kasan village. His wife and children were staying with his parents in his native village. He used to visit his home to be with his family once a week.The special investigation team arrested Jiyalal along with another accused, Bijendra, late on Wednesday evening in Dharuhera. The entire violence in the Manesar plant was triggered by the suspension of Jiyalal, who had beaten up a supervisor during an argument. The workers' union demanded his reinstatement and when the management refused, the unrest began.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15538500", "title": "Lalji Tandon condemns Friday's violence", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior BJP leader Lalji Tandon, MP, has strongly condemned the violence that rocked the city on Friday. Expressing concern over the incidents, he said that it was the first time in the history of Lucknow that some anti-social elements after offering Alvida prayers tried to besmear the culture and tradition of Lucknow city. He also strongly condemned the attack made on mediapersons. He has urged the state government to rise above politics and take strict action against the elements involved in the violent incidents.Guest lecture: Jaipuria Institute of Management, Lucknow organised an alumni guest lecture on the topic: Rendezvous with the corporate world on Friday. The programme began with lighting of the lamp followed by Saraswati Vandana. Director of the institute SR Musanna addressed the students. Vikas Misra, corporate quality head at EXL Service, New Delhi, was the chief guest at the programme. Speaking on the occasion, he advised the students not to restrict themselves to textbooks only but instead gather what is happening around them.Science exhibition culminates: The CBSE promoted regional science exhibition came to a close at the Millennium School here on Friday. The two-day event, in which over 120 schools participated, was designed to draw top talent from among science students across UP and Uttarakhand. The participants exhibited models based on environment conservation, food and health, conservation of energy, agriculture, etc. Some of the notable exhibits included salt water powered city, eco vehicle and energy, flood management, magic of sequences, calamity prevention methods, etc The esteemed panel of judges, which included reputed scientists like MC Saxena, CM Nautiyal judged the participants on the content, presentation, innovation, economic feasibility and practical applications of their models. Manjula Goswami principal of the Millennium School thanked the schools of Uttarakhand and UP, who came from near and far to be a part of this exhibition.Iftar: UP Congress Committee hosted Roza Iftar party at the party headquarters on Friday which was attended among others by Congress party workers, religious leaders, journalists, social activists and general public. UPCC chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi welcomed the guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538986", "title": "House stands united with NE people", "text": "NEW DELHI: Parliament rallied solidly behind people from the northeast who are fleeing cities like Pune, Chennai, Bangalore and Hyderabad in the face of threats of violence, assuring that the nation stood with them and demanded stern action against those spreading rumours.Rajya Sabha even adopted a resolution stating that \"the people of northeast have a right to live in any part of India.\" It asked those catching trains to their homes in northeastern states not to be misled by rumours and return to their places of study or work.Leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley said, \"Northeast has some of the loveliest people of this country. Presence of people from northeast in various parts of the country promotes national unity and integrity.\" He demanded an end to rumour mongering and efforts to stop the exodus.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said, \"What is at stake is the unity and integrity of our country. What is at stake is communal harmony. This country belongs to them as to any one of us.\"The PM described as \"reprehensible\" the growing sense of insecurity among people from the northeast and promised his government is committed to take all steps to control the situation. \"We should send a clear message that we will do everything to provide security to people from northeast living in various parts of the country,\" Singh said.The manner in which the two Houses echoed with unstinted sympathy and support was heartening as MPs said action must be taken to restore the confidence of people from the northeast . Other than Shiv Sena's Sanjay Raut in Rajya Sabha, no member indulged in blame game. Raut said, \"If this country had a government and a home minister such an incident would not have taken place.\"Referring to violence in Mumbai in reaction to Bodo-Muslim clashes in lower Assam , Raut said, \"We could have retaliated. But we did not. Discussions would not yield anything. People fleeing is reminiscent of Partition.\"In Lok Sabha, leader of opposition Sushma Swaraj said a clear message must be sent that people from the northeast have the freedom to live, work and study wherever they wish in the country. She said the government should create help lines to address grievances of the people from the northeast and step up patrolling across cities, particularly in areas and hostels where they live in large numbers.Congress member Ninong Ering said reports of attacks on people from northeast send a wrong signal and action must be taken against those spreading rumours. He appealed to the home minister to take the issue seriously and take strict action against those spreading these rumours. \"Strict action must be taken against those involved in spreading rumours as they are trying to create instability... China, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Myanmar whosoever is trying to drive a wedge in the country should be dealt with firmly,\" he said.This was a common refrain with other MPs as well. SP's Reoti Raman Singh said the creation of fear psychosis among the people from northeast was a conspiracy against the nation. He said those spreading rumours should be arrested under the National Security Act. Sharad Yadav of JD-U said there was a need to identify the rumour mongers, while TMC's Sudip Bandyopadhyay (TMC) suggested the Speaker can form a parliamentary delegation which can visit the \"panic-stricken\" people of Assam.DMK's T K S Elangovan said the people from south India were shamed due to these incidents of violence in Bangalore and other parts of the country. \"I am sorry and all political leaders of the south should take this as a shame. We should host the people from the northeast properly,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "15539827", "title": "Zardari dole lands in dargah amid drama", "text": "AJMER: It was a thriller till the end. The long-awaited distribution of the promised $1 million to the dargah of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti by Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari finally came to fruition on Friday but not without its share of drama.A long three-hour-long, marathon closed-door meeting between delegates from the Pakistan high commission, members of Anjuman Syed Zadgan, members of Anjuman Yadgar and those of the Dargah Committee resolved what an elaborate ceremony planned earlier in the evening could not.Now, Rs 3 crore will be given to the Anjuman Syed Zadgan, Rs 1 crore to the Anjuman Yadgar, and Rs 1 crore 47,48,905 to the Dargah committee.\"I am happy that the matter has been finally resolved,\" said a much relived Pakistan High Commissioner Salman Bashir.\"We talked in detail and reached a conclusion,\" said Syed Wahid Angara, secretary of Anjuman Syed Zadgan.Closed-door meeting breaks dargah deadlockBut when officials from high commission disclosed that if the money is not delivered this time then the budget will lapse and it will be difficult to pass another budget for the announcement of President Zardari, matters began to be resolved.The Anjuman Syed Zadgan, an organization of khadims (priests) of the Dargah, has been at logger heads with the Dargah committee, constituted by ministry of minority affairs, on who is the rightful owner of the money.Earlier, the Anjuman was to be given Rs 1.5 crore as proposed by the delegation of the Pakistan embassy while the rest was to go to the Dargah committee. \"The money that was announced by the Pakistan president is for the Anjuman and no distribution is acceptable,\" said Syed Wahid Angara, secretary of Anjuman during the ceremony. He had said that as per the ritual of the Dargah, the money which is given as Nazarana (gift) goes only to Khadim or to Anjuman committee.But as the Anjuman stood up to quit the meeting Pakistan high commissioner Bashir took the hand of Wahid and requested them to discuss the issue. District collector Vebhav Galaria then proposed a closed-door meeting between the Pakistan delegation, Anjuman and members of the Dargah Committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15540635", "title": "Thieves strike at free parking lots", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Don't be happy to save Rs 5 if you don't find any attendant at the parking lot, because this means your car isn't safe here. These now-free parking lots have turned into safe haven for thieves and 15 vehicles have gone missing from Sector 34A since January. Now, the Chandigarh police have written to civic body to convert these lots into paid parkings for the safety of vehicles.Zone-A of Sector 34 is the main commercial hub of the city and important offices like passport office, BSNL , banks, Punjab Human Right Commission and others are located here. Besides offices, several educational institutes too have campuses around. There are several entry and exit points in lot, which is the main cause behind increase of motor vehicle thefts.The letter sent by police to MC reads, \"The unattended parking lots have become major problem for us and there are several entry and exit escape points. Therefore, we have asked the MC to maintain these. In just seven months, around 15 vehicles have been stolen from this particular lot.\"Municipal commissioner Vivek Partap Singh said, \"The matter was brought up in the finance and contract committee meeting. We would send our officers' team to locate the lot first because there are so many parking lots in the area and many are paid ones and after the proper study of the area decision on this would be taken.\"According to information, six parking lots of Chandigarh municipal corporation are lying unattended. These lots include ones at Sukhna lake, Sector 9, two in Sector 34, and two in Sector 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15540789", "title": "HPU campus warms up to student polls", "text": "SHIMLA: With student polls slated for August 23, the Himachal Pradesh University (HPU) campus and colleges in the city as well as across the state are abuzz with activity.The SFI, which has been ruling the roost in HPU for last so many years, on Friday declared its panel of candidates for the forthcoming polls. Rahul Chauhan, Priyanka Chauhan, Vikram Kaith and Amit Kumar would be SFI's candidates for the posts of president, vice-president, general secretary and joint secretary, respectively.The Right-wing ABVP had taken lead in declaring its central panel candidates on Thursday, projecting Dinesh Thakur for president's post, Parul as vice-president, TarunThakur for general secretary and Naresh for joint secretary. NSUI, which is the third student outfit in HPU, also declared its central panel on Friday. ABVP and SFI had declared the names of 42 candidates for department representatives on Thursday itself.The three outfits have also declared their panels for Kotshera College, Sanjauli College, RKMV, Evening College and Sanskrit College, Phagli. With the declaration of panels, canvassing has started in campuses besides door-to-door visits in hostels and at homes of day scholars.Till now, the SCA elections have been held 27 times in HPU since 1979. SFI has had an edge over campus politics and majority of SCA presidents have been from SFI and the leftist outfit has won all the four posts in the central panel as many as 21 times in earlier campus elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15538574", "title": "Dharavi consultant shown the door", "text": "MUMBAI: The Dharavi Redevelopment Project Authority has served a 60-day notice to terminate the services of Mukesh Mehta as a consultant for the project. Mehta had first mooted the idea of redeveloping Dharavi in 1997 when the Sena-BJP government was in power and had already declared free housing under the slum rehabilitation scheme.In 2008, the government signed an agreement with Mehta following a cabinet decision to appoint him as a consultant and hired his services for pre-tender and post-tender activities for global tendering of the project.In a letter dated August 4, the Authority has informed Mehta that it was serving him a 60-day notice after which the agreement stands automatically cancelled. The move was prompted after an arbitral tribunal awarded Mehta Rs 2.85 crore in arrears and directed the government to return the retained amount, pointing out that for two years, the government had not used his service and could not indefinitely withhold the retention money.Reacting to the notice, Mehta said it was a morally and legally wrong action. \"Some officers are abusing their powers to undermine the project. They don't have even one authentic reason to terminate a legally binding contract,'' said Mehta.In its notice to Mehta, the Authority has said the Dharavi project-as originally envisaged-is not being implemented. \"More effective options are being explored. Also, during the last two years, no services were either required or sought from you,'' reads the note.The Authority has said that Mehta had raised various monetary claims outside the agreement signed, giving rise to disputes and the matter went into arbitration. \"In the arbitration proceedings, we have been directed to pay you certain amounts that had been retained by us in accordance with the agreement.The demand by you for payment of amounts retained as per the agreement is contrary to the terms and conditions of the agreement and makes it clear that you are treating the agreement as having come to an end.''The authority further states that it was left with no option but to accept Mehta's repudiation of the agreement and release the retained amount as demanded by him. It has also said that it plans to challenge the arbitration award made in his favour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15543392", "title": "Five policemen injured in road mishap in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI, Five policemen were injured today after they were hit by a speeding car in suburban Powai, police said.The mishap took place around 4am when the cops were investigating another accident case, and the SUV rammed into them, they said.The car driver has been detained and the injured policemen were rushed to a nearby Rajawadi Hospital, police said.Police are now verifying whether the person behind the wheel was under the influence of alcohol or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15539447", "title": "Swapnil Dhopade warms up with Kolkata triumph", "text": "NAGPUR: Swapnil Dhopade did no harm to his growing reputation as one of the fastest rising Indian youngster when he emerged champion in the seventh LSI Chess For Youth Championship which concluded at the Netaji Indoor Stadium in Kolkata on Monday.International Master Swapnil was the top seed in the five-day long tourney and he lived up to his billing to clinch the title in style. The 21-year-old finished with maximum 6.5 points from seven rounds to pip fellow IM Swayams Mishra to second position.Needed a win in the final round, Swapnil outwitted local Woman Grandmaster (WGM) Mary Ann Gomes to bag the crown. On way to title, he had some brilliant wins under his belt.\"It was a nice way to start the season. I deliberately played in Kolkata to gain vital match practice. The season is just round the corner and I have a busy schedule ahead. Although the field was not very formidable in Kolkata, I am happy with my performance,\" Swapnil told TOI on Friday.Swapnil, who has an Elo rating of 2456, will play series of tournaments in the next few months to reach the magical figure of 2500.\"Yes, I am chasing that dream figure (2500). To become Grandmaster is my dream. For achieving that, I need another 40-odd points to realize my goal. I am comfident that in a year's time, I should be able to get the required points and necessary three GM norms,\" said Swapnil.As and when Swapnil becomes GM, he will be the first from Vidarbha and third from Maharashtra after Pravin Thipsay and Abhijit Kunte to acheive the big landmark.An employee of Central Railway, Swapnil had missed a couple of GM norms while playing tournaments early this year in Bulgaria. He will now compete in National U-25 Chess Championship, slated to be held at Aurangabad from August 21-28 and after that, there are several national and international tournaments lined up for him.For improvement in his game, Swapnil takes the guidance of RB Ramesh, an experienced GM, based in Chennai. \"Whenever I need help, Ramesh Sir is there to guide me. He is one of the best coaches in India,\" said Swapnil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15539351", "title": "Three held for poaching wild boar", "text": "GONDIA: Forest officers, on Tuesday evening, arrested three poachers near Tiroda while they were trying to flee on two motorcycles carrying the carcass of a wild boar.Based on a tip off that some poachers from Madhya Pradesh have been lurking near the periphery of the Tiroda-Khairbodi forest range, Tiroda range officer, Shende and his assistant Kawale as per the instruction of assistant conservator of forest NH Shingade blocked the Khairlanji road. They began checking vehicles en route to Madhya Pradesh. During the checking the cops stopped four men who were carrying the carcass of a female wild boar weighing approximately 90 Kg on their bikes. But one of the poachers managed to escape.Monohar Deshmukh (27), Maniram Thapne (52) and Deviprasad Thapne (19) have been remanded into police custody while be Ramprasad Thapne of Balaghat Madhya Pradesh is yet to be apprehended.The carcass of the boar was brought to Tiroda and post mortem was conducted. Later on, the carcass was buried. Offence has been registered against these poachers under section 9 and 6 of the Wild Life Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15538775", "title": "Most colleges say NE students attending classes", "text": "PUNE: Prominent colleges including Symbiosis, Ness Wadia and ILS Law colleges reported cent percent attendance of northeast (NE) students on Friday.College authorities said their students had not left Pune and the authorities were conducting counselling sessions and meetings with NE students to instill confidence in them and motivate them to attend classes regularly.Symbiosis principal director Vidya Yeravdekar, said, \"We have 150 students from the northeast studying in the college. All of them attended college and are very much staying in the city. We have been interacting with them frequently and asking them not to leave the city as we will provide full support.\"The Symbiosis College has asked NE students to tie-up with local students in their class and in case of any emergency contact them immediately. The college has also conducted counselling sessions for students who are feeling unsafe in the city.At ILS Law College, nearly 20 students are pursuing their law degree. Principal Vaijayanti Joshi said that all of them were attending college. \"None of our students from NE states have left the city. We have told them not to panic and to stay back. We have shared our contact numbers with the students and have asked them to get in touch with us if they face any problem. We expect our students not to leave the city,\" Joshi said.Wadia College recorded close to 100 % attendance of NE students. Principal M M Andar said, \"We have conducted a meeting with NE students in our college. We told them to stay back and not believe in rumours. The attendance was cent percent and nobody from our college has left the city.\"Spicer Memorial College has about 200 students from the NE studying. President of the college Justus Devdas said, \"None of these students from our college have left the city. There is cent percent attendance. We have asked student leaders to contact and help any of them in trouble.\"Fergusson College has a total of 107 NE students studying in various courses. Principal Ravindrasingh Pardeshi, said, \"About three to four days ago, close to 90% students attended the college, but since the past two days, about 60% to 70% students have been attending classes. We have contacted students who did not attend classes and they said that they had decided to stay at home and not move out for safety reasons. None of them have left the city.\"At Abasaheb Garware College, half the 60 NE students were attending college. College principal S G Gupta said, \"A few students have been coming while others decided to stay at home. However, we are monitoring the attendance and getting in touch with those who are not coming to the college. We have asked students to contact the college if they face any problems.\" At Garware College, close to 60 NE students are studying.G M Nazeruddin, principal of Poona College where 230 NE students study, said, \"NE students in our college are not very regular throughout the year. The situation prevailing in the city has added to the woes and NE students' attendance has been 25% to 30% since the beginning of the week. We have assured them support and asked them not to leave the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "15539609", "title": "India can be the brainbox of the world, says Alyque Padamsee", "text": "BICHOLIM: Samriddhi 2012, one of India's biggest B-school conferences, got underway at Goa institute of management (GIM) campus on Friday in Sanquelim, with noted theatre personality Alyque Padamsee saying, \"It doesn't take a genius to come up with a good idea. Simple things can change the world.\"In his keynote address, Padamsee, an ad guru said, \" India can be the brainbox of the world and this can be done by being innovative and making use of our creativity.\"Inaugurating the 3-day national seminar, Governor Bharat Vir Wanchoo said, \"Goa institute of management has created a niche for itself as a prestigious institution engaged in the noble task of imparting the right kind of knowledge, skill and competence to the young minds so that they are suitably equipped to man and lead affairs in their chosen fields of profession, particularly in the industrial, corporate and financial sectors.\"Commenting on the initiative taken up by the students P F X D'Lima, director of GIM said, \"We at GIM are extremely proud of our students who have put in a lot of effort to making Samriddhi a great success. Samriddhi is entirely a student driven initiative which the institute is happy to support.\"Other prominent speakers included Stephen Remedios, former head, Customer Marketing, HUL, who spoke on the topic 'Innovation in garnering consumer insights' and Kumar Ankit, co-founder and executive director at Green Leaf energy private limited, who delivered a talk on 'Innovation in ensuring sustainable development' among others.Speakers spoke on the innovations and the role it plays in different business sectors be it finance, logistics, information technology or even sustainable development. In addition to being a business meet and thought platform, the day two and three of Samriddhi will feature students from some of the top institutes in the country battle it out at different competitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15540575", "title": "Waive off water charges in Rajkot, demands Congress", "text": "RAJKOT: Leader of opposition in Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) Atul Rajani has demanded that the civic body either waive off water charges or provide a proper drinking water supply. The Congress leader raised the issue of inadequate drinking water supply in the city during the general board meeting held on Friday.The meeting was marked by Congress leaders shouting slogans like 'Pani vero maf karo, purtu pani apo' (waive off water charges, supply adequate water).\"RMC is not supplying enough water to every house hold on daily basis. We have demanded that it should supply water for at least 20 minutes with full force. If they can't do it, they should waive off the charges,\" Rajani said. He claimed that RMC has signed a contract with the state government to provide 250 MLD Narmada water for Rajkot city, but the contract is not being honored and ultimately people are suffering.However, BJP leaders, who are in majority in RMC, denied the charges and said the Congress is just trying to derive political mileage from a natural crisis resulting from rain deficiency. \"We have assured the people that we will supply water for 20 minutes on alternate days throughout the year,'' standing committee chairman, RMC, Jayman Upadhyay said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "the government has mooted one more safety measure for panicky migrants", "code": "15538338", "title": "Tag migrants with locals, is govt advice", "text": "The government has mooted one more safety measure for panicky migrants: tagging them with Kannadigas at their workplace.Deputy chief minister R Ashoka and law minister S Suresh Kumar held a meeting with various business associations like Kassia, shopping mall associations, security agencies, IT sector and local area associations to instill confidence among the northeast community employed here.Giving an example, Ashoka said the management of a hotel should tag along the migrant employees along with other locals working in the same organization, round the clock.On Friday, the situation in Bangalore appeared to be under control with only 2,000 migrants booking train tickets from Bangalore. \"In the past two days, as many as 16,000 people fled the state. The exodus has lost momentum due to the government's efforts,\" the home minister claimed.People from the northeast residing in neighbouring states also chose to leave from Bangalore as the Karnataka government had arranged for special trains. \"We have sought the Centre's help. Around 600 Rapid Action Force (RAF) personnel will be deployed in Bangalore, Mysore and Mangalore for additional security for these people. The RAF will be in addition to the Karnataka State Reserve Police battalion,\" Ashoka said.Kumar said the government has sent a second report to the Centre on the measures taken to contain the exodus. \"We have highlighted three points - disturbances in Assam , provocative SMSs and verbal threats and rumours - for migrants leaving the state,\" he said.Ban on messagingClose on the heels of Centre banning provocative messages, Karnataka also announced that it would ban provocative text messages and MMS for 10 days to contain panic among people from the northeast. \"The ban will come into effect invoking the Indian Telegraph Act. The state home secretary is empowered to ban SMSs if necessary,\" Ashoka said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15538208", "title": "City might miss circus charm", "text": "BANGALORE: Animals dancing to different tunes, clowns in colourful outfits making us laugh and tumbling and diving gymnasts acrobats may become history for Bangaloreans. This because the government has refused permission for circus companies to perform at Palace Grounds, which has been the venue of all circus shows in the city since 20 years.The Circus Fans and Welfare Association said its show organized every year in December is hanging in the balance. \"The government says the space cannot be given for commercial purposes, but what about the marriages organized there? Circus is an art form which is losing its sheen. It needs to be revived,\" said Ivan Nigli, president, Circus Fans and Welfare Association.The association said huge space is needed for such shows and Palace Grounds is the only convenient venue available. \"We have approached the government. We are hoping they will say yes as it is an art form and shouldn't be linked to commercial needs,\" said Ivan.According to the association, the number of circus companies in India has gone down from 100 to just 15. \"States like Kerala are giving pension to circus artistes and has a college for them as well. Although the Karnataka government has waived of entertainment tax, a lot needs to be done,\" said Ivan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15537996", "title": "Chanchalguda jail official transferred", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a sudden move, deputy superintendent of Chanchalguda jail K Venkateshwara Reddy was transferred on Friday.What is significant is Reddy was in-charge superintendent of the jail for nearly three months as another superintendent, K Keshava Naidu, had gone on leave citing personal reasons.Though the transfer was described as a routine administrative exercise, senior officials did an assessment of the affairs in view of the presence of several VIPs including Y S Jaganmohan Reddy in the jail.Keshava Naidu had gone on leave from May 16 to August 8 during which period Venkateshwara Reddy held charge.Venkateshwara Reddy has now been posted as vice-principal of State Institute of Correctional Administration (Sica) which is located on the premises of the headquarters of the prisons department.The Central Prison, Chanchalguda, will now have two deputy superintendents. Sica vice-principal M Farooq Ali Khan has been posted as Chanchalguda jail deputy superintendent in addition to Muralidhar Babu who has been brought in as another deputy superintendent from Karimnagar jail.Interestingly, no sooner than the transfer orders came late in the evening, Farooq Ali Khan reported for duty.Some time back, prisons director general T P Das had transferred two deputy superintendents of the Central Prison, Cherlapalli, also following the incident in which a prisoner stabbed another inmate to death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15537690", "title": "More functions, more money for the Olympic medallists", "text": "NEW DELHI: The six Olympic medallists are surely feeling like Bollywood celebrities since their return from London. They are put on pedestals and garlanded by fans everywhere. They are undoubtedly the toast of the nation. With adulation, come responsibilities! Like a movie star ahead of a Friday release, these Olympians are shuttling from one venue to another to be feted for their achievements. On Friday, the six of them - Sushil Kumar, Yogeshwar Dutt , Vijay Kumar, MC Mary Kom, Gagan Narang and Saina Nehwal - were taken to four different places through the day.The day began with a visit to the Prime Minister's residence at 7, Race Course Road, where they met Manmohan Singh and UPA chief Sonia Gandhi. From there they proceeded to visit senior BJP leader LK Advani followed by an Indian Olympic Association (IOA) felicitation. The sporting heroes then went to the Parliament for a felicitation. In between, silver medal-winning shooter Vijay Kumar slipped away to meet defence minister AK Antony as well. At the Parliament, almost the entire Indian Olympic contingent was present where they met Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar , some central ministers, senior politicians and parliamentarians.The athletes, though, are putting up well despite a heavy schedule ever since they have come back from London. Wrestler Yogeshwar Dutt, who was still sporting a black eye he got during one of his many bouts in London, said, \"The bruises and other pain will go away with time. Living this life would have been much harder for me if I hadn't got the medal.\" The Sonipat-born grappler was talking at an event organized by the main Olympic contingent sponsors Samsung in association with the IOA. Samsung presented silver medal winners Sushil and Vijay Rs 15 lakh each while four bronze winners got Rs 10 lakh each.While Yogeshwar hopes to better his performance in the next Olympics, another one looking to change the colour of the medal was shooter Gagan Narang. \"I was under immense pressure, fighting my own demons heading into the final round. I am glad I managed to put my demons to sleep.\"For Saina Nehwal, the more things change the more they'll remain the same. \"It was always Saina vs China for everyone heading to London. It'll be the same for the next few years. I was the number four seed in London and a lot of players were focusing on my game. I was happy to perform under pressure,\" Saina said.Mary to Saina: You can perform after marriageMC Mary Kom is furious inside the boxing ring, calm and friendly outside it. And the mother of twin boys has seen enough of life to be a good counselor too. On Friday, the boxer was seen talking animatedly to ace shuttler Saina Nehwal as they attended a felicitation function for Olympic medalists.She later said, \"I was just telling Saina that even she can perform at her best after marriage. I told her 'Agar main kar sakega to aap kyun nahi?' (If I can do it, why can't you?).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538677", "title": "Peace vows at Jama Masjid ahead of Eid", "text": "NEW DELHI: At precisely half past noon, 39-year-old Mohammed Younis flicks off the lights and fans at his biryani shop, pulls down the shutters, flings orders at his helps and trots down the street towards Jama Masjid with a janamaaz (prayer mat) in his hands. He is not in a mind to talk. \"Namaaz ke baad baat karte hain (let's talk after the prayers),\" he mutters.Like Younis, most people living around Jama Masjid have dropped their chores in between to head for the 17th century mosque. It is the last Friday of the holy month of Ramzan and offering prayers on this day is essential.The red sandstone structure that bore a deserted look an hour earlier has turned into an island floating in an ocean of clouds. Hundreds of men and women bow down in sijdah to the voice of the mosque's Shahi Imam. Some of them are moved to tears.\"It is the last Friday of our holy month and offering prayers today is important. Friday being the holiest of all days and Ramzan being the holier month, praying on this day is doubly significant. Many cry hoping to make it through to the next Ramzan,\" said Shahnaz Bano, a resident of Ballimaran.With Monday being Eid-ul-Fitr, Friday's afternoon prayers in the city were attended by people from far and near. Some even came from outside to Jama Masjid to end their rozas . Mohammad Iqbal, a resident of Sultanpuri, came to the mosque with his immediate and extended family from Saharanpur. \"There are 25 of us here. We decided to have some family time to ourselves and will also end our fasts together,\" said Iqbal.While the prayers and fasting remain fervid, shops in Old Delhi have reported lower sales this year. \"Fuel prices have gone up. Inflation in general has been playing spoilsport,\" said Muhammad Ali of Anjum Bangle Stores. \"There is at least a 40% dip in sales, compared to last year. Whatever purchases have been made are small ones, such as trinkets.\"Traditionally, Eid marks the celebrations at the end of the holy month of Ramzan. According to popular belief, Ramzan is considered as the month of Allah and all Muslims have been commanded to hold Rozas, pray, do charity, and abstain from lies and dishonesty. To celebrate their life of purity, Muslims celebrate the day by preparing a sweet dish called sheer khurma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15539362", "title": "BJP reiterates power scam in state; produces Praful Patel's letter as proof", "text": "JAIPUR: Senior BJP leader Kirit Somaiya , who had alleged a major scam in the state's power sector, on Friday released a letter by Union heavy industries and public enterprises Praful Patel who questioned the state government's decision to scrap the tender for construction of two power generating units earlier this year.The tender for construction of power plants at Chhabra and Suratgarh was allotted to Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd (BHEL) in January 2012 but it was cancelled by the state government in April without giving any reason. Patel, in a later dated May 18, 2012, to chief minister Ashok Gehlot pointed out that BHEL has been deprived of orders and about Rs 12,000 crore despite it being the lowest bidder with lowest substantial margin in both the international competitive bids and after having also agreed subsequently in totality to all requirements put forward by the state government. Patel had sought Gehlot's intervention in the mater and suitably advise to place the order with BHEL.Somaiya had earlier alleged that the state government had decided on re-tendering in order to felicitate a private firm, even when it was not the lowest bidder. He has demanded an independent inquiry into the matter.On Friday, he claimed that despite the letter from Patel, the state government went ahead with the re-tendering. He also raised the issue of the state government's condition that in case the same bidder happens to be the lowest one for both the projects, only one would be awarded to it while the other project would go to the next bidder and if not acceptable to the next, it would be passed on to the third one.\"This is the state government's way to ensure that a private firm gets at least one of the projects. It is a scam of at least Rs 1,000 crore and somebody should take responsibility for it. We demand that the state power minister resign or owing moral responsibility, Praful Patel should do so,'' Somaiya said.He demanded a clarification from the state government on the decision to scrap the tender and sought a clarification from Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and AICC chairperson Soniya Gandhi. \"Was the state and the Centre hand in glove in this? Why have the senior leaders of the Congress chosen to remain mum on the issue?'' Somiya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "aazawl", "code": "15539136", "title": "Mizoram Synod appeals to churches to hold prayer session", "text": "AAZAWL: The Presbyterian Church of India's Mizoram Synod has appealed to the local Presbyterian churches in the state to assign a day for offering prayers for the victims of the communal violence in Assam's Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC).In an appeal circulated to all the churches in villages and in urban neighbourhoods, the church requested that a prayer session be organized for the victims of the ethnic clashes between the Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslims in the BTC area.The executive committee meeting of the Presbyterian Church of India (PCI), held during the second week of August in Shillong , Meghalaya, discussed the ongoing communal violence in Assam between the Muslims and the Bodos where church leaders were informed that besides 77 people being killed in the violence, four lakh were displaced and many refugees lodged in around 300 relief camps in Assam and north Bengal.The PCI expressed anguish over the communal clashes and appealed to all its units in the country to organise prayer services asking for God's intervention to end the violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15540879", "title": "Marriage palaces act wedding crashers", "text": "PATIALA: With nearly 78 marriage palaces sealed in the district on the directions of Punjab and Haryana high court, people have been left with no choice but to erect tents in the neighbourhoods for the celebrations. The high court has fixed September 4 as the next date of hearing.On a public interest litigation (PIL), the HC ordered sealing of the marriage palaces on August 3, which were constructed in violation of norms. The petitioner had alleged that marriage palaces in Nabha, Samana, Patran, Rajpura and Patiala did not obtain mandatory permissions from concerned departments and no-objection certificates from the Punjab Pollution Control Board, fire department and the district town planner.\"We want strict action against the marriage palace owner who kept us in dark about the illegal status of the place. We had to solemnize the marriage of our niece by putting a tent in front of our house which was embarrassing for the family,\" said a resident, Kartar Singh.Also, a number of astrologers said that there are far too less auspicious days in 2012 as compared to the usual months - November, December, January, February and August. Astrologer Surinder Kumar said: \"People want the wedding dates changed due to non-availability of marriage palaces but they would have to wait another three months.\"According to data from Patiala Marriage Palaces Association which has challenged the closure of the marriage palaces, every palace has around 5-7 bookings in August and in total, they suffered losses in lakhs. Owners alleged that most of them have procured NOCs and constructed their palaces as per norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15539272", "title": "Property tax: Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon all set to respond to SC notice", "text": "GURGAON: The municipal corporation has prepared the reply it would file in the Supreme Court next week regarding property tax. The SC had asked the MCG to clarify its stand on this issue after a residents group challenged its decision to impose property tax without providing basic services like water and an efficient sewage system. During a hearing on August 13, the SC had given the MCG 10 days time to file its report and the next hearing is likely to be on August 24.While the MCG officials are not willing to say what exactly they will tell the court, sources indicate that the municipal commissioner has decided that the corporation will continue to issue house tax assessment notice to even those residents living in private builder area, even though MCG is currently not providing any services to them.\"We are ready with our report and we have decided that we will collect tax from colonizer area as well since it is in accordance with the state government notification. We are going to proceed with the present policy that empowers us to levy property tax all on the property owners in the municipal jurisdiction. And moreover we are going to use the fund that we collect on welfare and development projects for the public,\" said a senior official.He added, \"Some people seem to be misguiding the general public saying that we have decided to withdraw the assessment notice that we have issued, but we want to clarify that this is not true at all, and this is what we are going to tell the Supreme Court as well. And the other point we are planning to emphasize is that we are not against the idea of providing service to those living in private builder area, but we can do so only if those areas are transferred to us. Moreover we are providing them services like firefighting as and when they require.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15539656", "title": "V Shantha lights up convocation with talk on ethics, technology", "text": "CHENNAI: More than 62 years ago, as she was waiting anxiously in the senate hall of the University of Madras to receive her MBBS degree from then vice-chancellor Dr A L Mudaliar, V Shantha was apprehensive about what the future held. On Friday, as she walked down the same hall as the chief guest, she could identify with the nervous young medical graduates.In the next 25 minutes, Dr Shantha, chairperson of the Adyar Cancer Institute, spoke to them about a number of issues haunting the medical profession. During her address at the 24th convocation of Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University, Dr Shantha spoke on, among others, advances in technology, spiralling cost of treatment, dwindling medical ethics and poor quality of medical education.Tracking down the advances from introduction of antiseptics to robotic surgery and genomics, she said medicine had moved from an \"era of incurablity to an era of curability\" in many diseases.Dr Shantha spoke about how medical education hadn't given adequate importance to primary care and prevention when there was an increasing incidence of non-communicable diseases such as diabetes, hypertension, strokes, heart attacks and cancer. \"Science and technology are so dominating medicine that the art component which is the crucial care-giving component has been forgotten or has virtually disappeared,\" she said. She spoke about the lack of quality in education and the need to ensure that merit remained the sole criterion in selesction.About 5,978 students, including 3,399 undergradutes and 2,531 postgraduates, were conferred degrees on the occasion. In addition, 18 got PhDs, 30 received post-doctoral fellowships, and 90 received medals.Governor K Rosaiah conferred doctor of science on laproscopic surgeon Dr LP Thangavelu, Dr C Venkatraman and Dr S Ashok. Sixteen doctors, including orthopaedic surgeon Dr PVA Mohandas, Ramachandra University pro-chancellor Dr TK Parthasarathy, Apollo Hospitals medical director Dr S Bhama and haematologist Dr T P R Bharadwaj, were given lifetime achievement awards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15539653", "title": "Goa University urged to disqualify university class representatives", "text": "PANAJI: A group of students have urged the Goa University authorities to disqualify the university class representatives (UCRs), who have failed to submit their audits in time, stating it would help the poll process for the university's students council.The council elections were earlier fixed on August 21 but were rescheduled to August 31 after complaints from some students on an issue of disqualification of some institutions from the polls. If the preliminary elections to choose UCRs are not held on time, they are disqualified, sources said.After the complaint and verification by GU authorities, the number of contestants (UCRs) in the fray was reduced to 49 from 51.During the second phase, the UCRs choose one university faculty representative (UFR) from each college and they become eligible to contest the (final phase) council polls.\"The complaint has been received by the vice chancellor,\" a source from GU's directorate of students welfare confirmed. GU registrar Vijayendra Kamat, who is the key official in charge of the election process, is out of station. \"The moment he returns, a committee will be formed under his guidance and it will scrutinize this complaint and take a decision based on precedents and propriety,\" the source said.The UCRs were expected to file their audit by August 14. The group led by Aaish Talulikar, a student (UFR) of P E S College, Ponda, along with the other 17 UFRs claimed they are the only eligible candidates for nominations to the G U students council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15538863", "title": "Indian Institute of Management Ranchi to help police fight crime", "text": "RANCHI: The special branch of Jharkhand police has sought technical support from Indian Institute of Management Ranchi in their fight against Naxalites and criminals in the same way United States of America fights antisocial elements.The institute signed a memorandum of understanding with IBM Corporation on Friday, going by which software will be employed by a panel of experts to analyze intelligence inputs and crime records. The prestigious institute would use the same software that America's Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) uses.IIM Ranchi director M J Xavier said that Jharkhand inspector general (special branch) S N Pradhan had recently expressed his interest in the collaboration. \"Pradhan has sought out support in analyzing criminal records which also includes Naxalite activities,\" said Xavier.Pradhan, who was off to Hyderabad for an important meeting, could not be immediately contacted.Under the MoU, IIM Ranchi has access to world famous IBM Corporation-developed Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS) software that is used by Los Angeles Police Department for survey, data mining, text analytics and statistical analysis. Among few other software, business intelligence and financial performance management software 'COGNOS' will also accessible to IIM Ranchi.\"Technology has solution to every problem, today. It is extraordinary that Jharkhand police has interests in utilizing modern-day software at par with developed countries,\" Xavier added. The Los Angels Police Department (LAPD) uses special updated software to safeguard the lives and properties of the people it serves, said Xavier.\"According to our agreement with IBM, it will allow us to seek advice from its panel of experts on social, criminal, business, and welfare issues,\" said a professor.With intelligence support from the panel of experts from IBM, IIM Ranchi would do the post-mortem of the modus operandi used by the criminals and Naxalites.After thorough analysis, they would suggest ways to identify hotspots of crime, age group that is being targeted, and modus operandi to check crime.Xavier said that no official agreement of collaboration has been signed yet. \"Now that we have the software with us, the project may start soon,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15539708", "title": "Barges to have tracking &amp; identification systems", "text": "PANAJI: The department of mines on Friday directed all bargeowners transporting mineral ore in Goa to immediately install automatic identification system (AIS) along with display and vessel tracking system (VTS) in their barges. This is expected to help the department of mines and geology in keeping a track on the movement of mineral ore through Goa's inland waterways.In a letter to the president of the Goa barge owners association, the director of mines and geology, Prasanna Acharya , directed him to advise all members of the barge association to implement the directions at the earliest.Acharya's letter states, \"This department desires to track the movement of mineral ore till its loading into vessels before export. For such tracking, installation of automatic identification system (AIS) in the barges along with display and vehicle tracking system (VTS) will help this office to track to track the barge movement in inland waters till its final destination.\"Acharya also warned that \"no barge shall be allowed to transport mineral ore if AIS and VTS is not installed in their respective barges\".Acharya told TOI that although the directorate of shipping has advised all vessels to install such tracking systems, his directive is only to barges transporting mineral ore. Acharya said there are about 400-odd barges transporting ore in Goa. Once installed, the AIS and VTS will help his office in tracking the movement of ore as the system not only shows where the vessel is physically, it also gives a history of its movement in terms of time. Acharya said the barge owners are supposed to install the systems at their own cost, which is around 60,000. The order comes into force immediately and barges will not be allowed to transport ore until they install the system, Acharya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15543370", "title": "Motorola files new patent case against Apple", "text": "Google-owned Motorola Mobility has filed a new case against Apple at the US International Trade Commission (ITC) claiming patent violation.According to a Bloomberg report, Motorola has claimed that various Apple devices infringe upon seven of its patents.Apple's devices violate Motorola's patents on features like location reminders, e-mail notification, and phone/video players, alleges the suit. Going a step further, the company has even sought a ban on the import of iPhone, iPad and Mac computers to the US from the manufacturing plants located in Asia.In an email to Bloomberg, Motorola Mobility said, \"We would like to settle these patent matters, but Apple's unwillingness to work out a license leaves us little choice but to defend ourselves and our engineers' innovations.\"An Apple spokesperson made no comment over the matter, the agency said.In April, a trade judge ruled that Apple was violating a Motorola Mobility patent related to Wi-Fi. On August 24, the ITC commission will take a decision on this patent infringement case that Google's Motorola filed against the Cupertino-based company. If it rules against Apple, the iPhone may be banned in US within a week. Apple and Motorola have been in court since their licensing talks fell apart two years ago.The ITC had, in March, upheld a decision that Motorola Mobility did not infringe Apple's patents, which the iPhone maker is appealing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15543002", "title": "Bollywood Night on Jhalak!", "text": "After nonstop dancing, drama and action, Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa will showcase a theme of 'Super hit Bollywood jodis'.Audiences are in for a treat as each contestant jodi will be dancing to songs made famous by the super hit Bollywood pairs. Isha Sharvani will dance to Govinda and Karisma Kapoor's famous song Kisi Disco Mein Jaye , Darsheel Safary will be dance to Shahrukh Khan and Kajol's songs from their record-breaking movie D ilwale Dulhaniya Le Jaayenge and Gurmeet Choudhary will dance to a song from Jab We Met .Karan Wahi will do a special performance on Salman Khan's Body Guard along with Rashmi Desai and Deepak who will revive memories of Hum Apke Hai Kaun . Further Salman Khan and Madhuri Dixit will be seen dancing on Didi Tera Dewar Deewana . Also watch Bharti teach Katrina belly dancing.But the episode will witness the 8th elimination of the season. Who will be the contestant that will be shown the door after 10 weeks of grueling rehearsals? Keep Reading for all the latest updates!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15539429", "title": "HC refuses to stay Rajasthan University elections", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of the Rajasthan high court on Friday refused to stay the Rajasthan University Students' Union elections scheduled for Saturday. However, Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice N K Jain-Senior held the Rajasthan University guilty of being a silent spectator to the breach of code of conduct and the reported violence among students.The bench said that if charges on use of violence and unfair means to breach the code of conduct, the court will not hesitate in striking down the result of the current election. The court has also issued directives to the university and the candidates on maintaining peace, free and fair elections with immediate effect.The bench has also directed for videography of the incidents of violence and breach in code of conduct in and outside the RU campus but refused to give an order for videography of the whole election process. \"We direct the university and the state government to take measures for peaceful elections and to ensure that no violence takes place within and outside the university campus,\" the bench said.The order came on a PIL filed by R B Singh, a retired professor of the university. The PIL was filed in the wake of recent media reports highlighting mass violation of code of conduct and violent incidents during election rallies of the students. Government counsel Vibhuti Bhushan Sharma supported the PIL and told the bench that the elections are creating big law and order problem and needs the court's intervention. Additional advocate general S N Kumwat requested the court to issue directions to the candidates for maintaining law and order.Taking a note of the submissions made by government advocates, the division bench observed that students shall not indulged in committing breach of code of conduct or involve themselves in violence and they shall abide by peaceful election process. The court further directed the RU and the commissioner of police to file their response in 10 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15539862", "title": "Now, Regional Plan 2021 in public domain early next week", "text": "PANAJI: The Regional Plan 2021 is likely to be put in the public domain for suggestions by early next week, as the scheduled date on Friday had to be missed due to non-formulation of guidelines for receiving inputs for changes in the plan on time, sources said.\"The criteria for receiving suggestions is in the draft stage and will be finalized by Tuesday,\" a town and country planning (TCP) department official said.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar had told the Goa assembly during the monsoon session that the plan will be opened for suggestions on August 16, 2012, which was later changed to August 17, 2012.Parrikar had announced in March 2012 that the RP 2021 would be finalized within six months. When reporters queried him around mid-June about the delay in initiating the process, he cited the code of conduct for the panchayat elections in May 2012 as a factor.The TCP had also announced on June 11, 2012 that the process of formulating a new regional plan for the state will begin within a fortnight.The Goa Bachao Abhiyan (GBA) had raised an alarm after the government had initially decided to go ahead with opening the RP 2021 without a set of guidelines.\"We want sustainable development and protection of people's interests, and the government should formulate guidelines for suggestions and later for processing those,\" GBA convenor Sabina Martins said.President of Lokancho adhar, Trajano D'Mello, said that the Parrikar should make it clear whether the \"2021 Plan\" is being de-notified and whether the terms of reference to be deliberated are also being notified, and if not, the whole exercise would mean nothing but only once again trying to fool the people.\"On the issue of people's constitutional rights, the chief minister has betrayed his dictatorial, autocratic and extra-constitutional mindset,\" D'Mello said. \"His comment that he would decide on the parameters on what the people of the villages of Goa would be empowered to deliberate on the \"Regional Plan 2021\" manifests this attitude. He would do well to remember that the people of the villages of Goa derive their rights to decide on what is good for their villages from the Constitution of India. The Chief Minister cannot abrogate that right to himself.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15538088", "title": "IT cos hiring youth to lead emerging technologies", "text": "BANGALORE: IT companies looking at emerging technologies like social media, mobility, analytics and cloud computing (SMAC) are turning to younger people to lead these areas.The younger professionals tend to be more tuned to these technologies and more easily adapt to them.\"The candidates we find for these positions are in their mid to late thirties and come with 11-12 years of industry experience,\" says Prasad Medhury, partner at executive search firm Amrop India.Naresh Nagarajan, senior VP and head of ecosystem business incubation in HCL Technologies, says the company's mobility team is headed by a 30-year-old and its advanced analytics is headed by someone who is 32.HCL Technologies is planning to make SMAC a $1 billion business in the next five years.Procuring talent for these new technologies is tough. The turnaround time is slower as the technologies themselves are relatively new, and the talent pool is limited.For this reason, many of those who are hired for these positions do not come with a background in these areas, notes Medhury.\"Cloud capability doesn't exist as yet,\" says Deepak Jain, global head of work force planning and development in Wipro Technologies. Wipro, he says, is hiring domain consultants and architects who understand the virtualisation engine and demonstrate integration capabilities. \"You need professionals who have launched web solutions to understand what it means to design cloud solutions. Unlike mobile solutions, where it's easier to find a Windows or iOS programmer, people who design cloud solutions come with a combination of storage or platform skills; the rest is imparted through hands-on lab experience,\" he says.Infosys Technologies is focussing on a mix of incubation and focussed talent sourcing for cloud, mobility and product development. \"These are futuristic technologies therefore this initiative. We also look at start-ups as one of the hiring grounds. This is important as new hires from such organisations bring in a keen sense to explore and create new things,\" says Nandita Gurjar, group HR head at Infosys.Venkat Shastry, office managing director in executive search firm KornFerry Bangalore, however feels that in some cases you may need leaders who are fairly senior. \"Though you need people with web-scale kind of skills, services companies are hiring talent to create IP-based offerings and therefore need core technology experts or those with a digital legacy. Such people needn't be very young,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15539103", "title": "Panic-stricken Manipuris continue to head home", "text": "IMPHAL: There is no let-up in exodus of Manipuri people living in Bangalore even after the Centre and Karnataka government rubbished reports about threats to NE people living in Bangalore as unfounded.Panic-stricken people of Manipur are leaving the silicon city and most of them, who moved out in two special trains, are yet to reach Imphal. \"Though nobody harmed us, we could not stay in Bangalore because of the fear factor. Since many of our northeast student friends left the city, we felt somewhat isolated and lonely. Our worried parents, who have been insisting us to return home, arranged our flight tickets. To get peace of mind, we have come back,\" said two siblings came to Imphal by air on Friday afternoon.\"The unfounded rumours have triggered fear psychosis among people of the northeast living in Bangalore. My two children studying there were disturbed for which I arranged air tickets for them. They will reach Imphal tomorrow,\" said K J Singh, an Imphal resident.On the other hand, a large number of gutsy NE students, who rubbished the unfounded rumors, said they will stay put in Bangalore. \"Most of our friends have left Bangalore out of fear. Our parents, too, have pressurized us to return home but we convinced them that nothing will happen,\" said Surbala Devi, a student.On the other hand, Manipur home minister Gaikhangam has appealed to people to remain calm. Gaikhangam, who is also the PCC president, said rumours were causing panic among students and professionals of the northeast living in Bangalore.\"I have talked to my Karnataka counterpart R Ashok and he said people from the northeast, mostly students, are safe and that they are under protection,\" Gaikhangam said on Friday. Ashok informed him that the mass fleeing of NE students was triggered by false rumours,\" said Gaikhangam.After Ashok's assurance, Gaikhangam appealed to all, particularly the guardians of NE students, not to pay heed to such rumours. On Tuesday, Lok Sabha MP from Inner Manipur constituency Thokchom Meinya raised the matter during zero hour in Parliament. He said there is an urgent need to control the situation.Stating that a boy from his constituency was assaulted in Pune while he was returning home from his workplace, Meinya urged the Centre, particularly the Union home ministry, to look into the matter and take necessary steps. He also suggested that advisories be issued to all states to provide security to people from the northeast.On the other hand, a Manipuri girl studying at Dr DY Patil Dental College in Pune, has alleged that three motorcycle-borne youths attacked her near her institute on Thursday morning. She was crossing the road when one of the miscreants, brandishing a sword, tried to attack her but failed. She cried for help and rushed towards a narrow lane before the college teachers rescued her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15542761", "title": "Ajay Devgn and Tamannaah to shoot in RFC", "text": "Ajay Devgn-Tamannaah starrer \"Himmatwala\" will commence shooting in Ramoji Film City in Hyderabad from August 19. The film's Art director Sabu Siril has erected a special set in the studio, in which the unit would film crucial scenes and a song on Ajay Devgn and Tamannaah in this schedule.The remake of the yesteryear super hit is directed by Sajid Khan and jointly produced by Vasu Bhagnani and UTV. The unit has recently released the film's first look posters, which got good response from the audience.The film is a remake of the yesteryear super hit 'Himmatwala' which featured Jeetendra and Sridevi. 'Himmatwala' itself was a remake of a Telugu film 'Ooriki Monagadu (1981) starring Krishna and Jayaprada, directed by K Raghavendra Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15538808", "title": "Anger over cadaver transplant delays", "text": "MUMBAI: Three days after the death of former state chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh , the state cabinet on Friday decided to review the process for cadaver transplants.Doctors treating Deshmukh in Chennai had said timely harvesting of liver and kidney could have improved chances of his survival.Senior NCP minister Chhagan Bhujbal initiated a discussion on delays in approval for the process at the cabinet meet. Raising the matter of a \"huge\" waiting list of patients requiring kidney and liver transplants, Bhujbal demanded streamlining of the approval process to fast-track harvesting of organs. The Zonal Transplantation Coordination Centre (ZTCC), which oversees distribution of cadaveric organs in the city, has 200 patients on its waiting list for kidney, 40 for liver and seven for lungs. Almost all cabinet ministers echoed his views.Chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia said such procedures were covered under provisions of the Transplantation of the Human Organ Act, 1994. The Act was put in place to discourage illicit organ trade. But some of its provisions, like requirement of paperwork involving the police, the post-mortem process as well as certification process of a brain- death, cause delays.Earlier this year, the state government had directed hospitals to maintain an audit of brain deaths in their intensive care units. The directive is yet to be implemented, a state official said. Higher &amp; technical education minister Rajesh Tope was for spreading awareness on organ donation. The cabinet told the administration to submit a report on transplantation and the approval process at the next meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "jhansi", "code": "15538507", "title": "Seven-year-old raped in Jhansi", "text": "JHANSI: A seven-year-old girl who went to her neighbourhood house to play was raped by a 20-year-old man who lured her to stay back, as there was no one present over there in Anjani Nagar near Rajgarh, under police station Premnagar, on Thursday evening.When the girl did not return for a long time till late evening, her parents started searching her and located her in the said house in an unconscious state, profusely bleeding. The accused Vishnu Verma was also found there itself. In no time people from nearby gathered and the girl was immediately rushed to the district hospital where her condition was said to be critical.As per MP Singh, SO, police station, Premnagar, a case was lodged under section 376 of the IPC and the accused has been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15538902", "title": "Second Jharkhand Public Service Commission exam: Munda reinstates 170 officials", "text": "RANCHI: All 170 officials who were recruited through second civil services examination of Jharkhand Public Service Commission (JPSC) but were later disassociated from service on directive of the Jharkhand high court have been reinstated by chief minister Arjun Munda .The directive for reinstatement from the chief minister, who is also in-charge of personnel and administrative reforms department, came in wake of recent order of the Supreme Court in which it had overruled the high court order.Confirming the reinstatement, principal secretary to chief minister DK Tiwary said the file has been sent to the personnel and administrative reforms department for issuing notification. \"The chief minister has given his consent on the file for reinstatement of the officials and it has been returned to the department,\" Tiwary said.Sources in personnel and administrative reforms department said the Supreme Court on August 7 ordered for a stay of the high court directive wherein it had asked state government to disassociate all officials, who were recruited by JPSC through second civil services examination, from service and stop their salary. The file was sent to the chief minister with copy of the apex court order and recommendations of the state law secretary and advocate general. The law secretary and advocate general had suggested for reinstatement of the officers in wake of the Supreme Court order.However, after hearing the appeal filed by the affected officers, apex court's division Bench comprising Justice AK Patnayak and Justice SJ Mukhopadhya ordered for stay.\"The state government had disassociated the officials from work and stopped and salary on the order was issued by a division Bench of the high court of Justice RK Merethia and Justice DN Upadhaya after hearing a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) filed by Budhadeo Oraon in June,\" said a source.Following the order of the high court, the state's department of personnel and administrative reforms had even asked different departments, DCs and SPs not take services of officers who were recruited on basis of second civil services examination conducted by the JPSC.Former JPSC chairman Dilip Prasad and member Shanti Devi are in jail in connection with the irregularities in the recruitment test and interview.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15538399", "title": "Work from home lends element of security", "text": "Work-from-home arrangement has come to the rescue of the beleaguered northeastern migrants. M Namba, 25, a technical writer who lives in Victoria Layout and works for a multinational company on Outer Ring Road, has been permitted to work from home, given the sense of insecurity that is gripping the migrant community.\"Thankfully, my manager is very understanding and asked me to work from home. Our fears are valid. When my cousin was going to college, three men stopped and asked him to leave the city. When we tried to lodge a police complaint, we were asked to provide evidence. What evidence can we give? Police are taking the issue lightly. My parents want to me go home but I don't want to quit my job,\" said Namba, a Manipur native.Priya (name changed) is a techie with HP and plans to take leave or work from home over the next few days. \"My father is asking me to go back until the situation calms down. But I've been telling him I'm safe, though a bit tense. I'm trying to finish work early and log out at 5pm so I don't have to go alone or take an autorickshaw back to my PG accommodation. The government may assure protection to each and every person but we know that's not really possible,\" said Priya.Women working in BPOs are also facing threats. Mona, 26, working in a BPO and staying in Austin Town, told TOI she was warned by two men on Wednesday. \"I was stopped while waiting for my cab at 5pm on Austin Town main road. They told me to leave Bangalore. I got scared and returned home. I can't work from home and my office is now providing me a cab to the doorstep. The situation is worsening and I miss my parents terribly,\" said Mona, who hails from Imphal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15539329", "title": "HUDA sealed eleven more borewells in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) sealed 11 borewells in different parts of the city on Friday.The sealing drive took place in Sector 37 where the HUDA team landed in the morning. A HUDA official said that the plot owners knew about the sealing drive, which went off without any hitch.The plot owners were asked to submit an affidavit pledging not to deseal the borewell in future. The drive against the illegal borewells is likely to gather more pace now since the next date of hearing is scheduled on August 21 in Punjab and Haryana high court. The district administration, along with HUDA, has sealed more than 50 borewells in different parts of the city.A senior HUDA official said: \"The sealing of borewells needs to be more stringent because there have been instance that the sealed borewells are being used by the owners.\"After being pulled up by the high court the district administration swung into action and went after the illegal borewells in the city. According to a conservative estimate, the city has over 20,000 illegal borewells.Meanwhile, the department of town and country planning has found 37 more illegal borewells in the colonizer's area. Earlier, several teams of the TCP department had collected data in builder's area and had discovered the existence of 165 illegal borewells. Officias said that the list has been updated and sent to the headquarter in Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15541885", "title": "Billa 2 villain trains 9 hours a day!", "text": "Known for his strong and impactful performance in Ajith's Billa 2, Vidyut Jammwal has become the new poster boy for the action genre. He is rumored to have bagged a big film in the lead which, if rumour mills are to be believed, will change the landscape of action films in Bollywood.Known for his commitment to martial arts and his extensive training especially in Kalaripayattu, Vidyut has been spotted every morning at a quiet area of Juhu Beach with a bunch of his training buddies working out extensively and prepping for his stunt sequences.A source close to Vidyut revealed, \"Vidyut is very driven and committed to his martial arts and fitness training. He works out not just very early in the morning but also every evening at training studio in Andheri. He trains from 6am to 11am every morning and from 5pm to 9pm every evening. It is unheard of for someone to invest that kind of time training but it's true. More than anything else, this is what drives him and is something he is extremely passionate about.\"During Force , we'd even heard that Vidyut choreographed all his major stunt sequences and needless to say did all his stunts himself. He even did a live demonstration for a promotional event of the film proving his flair and commitment to stunts. Looks like K-Town has it's newest action man in Vidyut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15540448", "title": "No takers for GU's Computer on Wheels", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There are no takers for the Gujarat University's ambitious Computer on Wheels (COW) project meant to familiarize students and homemakers with the basics of computer applications.The acting vice chancellor, Dr Mukul Shah said, \"Homemakers are not coming forward to learn computers through COW prompting the GU to scrap plans to introduce two more COWs.\" Dr Shah said that the current expenditure incurred to pay the two employees of COW was Rs 30,000 per month against which there was hardly any homemaker or student from the backward class coming to use the cow. GU is pondering over whether to scrap the COW as it is hardly serving any purpose. GU received Rs 30 lakh grant from Ahmedabad district collector's office to launch COW, which was envisioned to have 17 computers with internet facility. COW was developed as a mobile computer laboratory which would be parked in rural areas to familiarize children from the village with computer basics. The vehicle was launched with great fanfare by GU vice-chancellor-Parimal Trivedi. GU sources say that COW is yet another case of vision without implementation. \"The project was commissioned without working out the operational basics and need-based survey,\" said a GU official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15538528", "title": "Admirers willing to spend extra money for best sewain", "text": "LUCKNOW: Eid celebrations are incomplete without 'sewain' delicacy. And if shopkeepers are to be believed, even the increase in prices has failed to dampen the festive spirits. People are buying the best one, as Eid comes once a year. \"The prices of sewain have increased by nearly 20%, but the demand has not come down. In fact, it has only gone up,\" said Babu Lal, a shopkeeper selling sewain at Nishatganj.According to Lal, there are three kinds of sewain - moti sewain, mahin sewain and Banarasi sewain. \"The most sold are the Banarasi ones. Even though they are priced a little high, most people go for it,\" said Lal. This year, the prices of moti sewain have shot up to Rs 40 from Rs 30 last year. Similarly, the mahin sewain is now available at Rs 50 which last year was sold at Rs 40. And the Banarasi sewain is sold in the range of Rs 60-70 depending on the bargaining power of the customer.Gulfham, another shopkeeper said, \"People who come to buy demand the best quality. They don't see the price. Even those who are not affluent shell out extra bucks, but do not compromise on the quality.\"Shaba Naaz, a housewife who bought Banarasi sewain said, \"There is no sweet that can replace the home-made sewain. Therefore, why compromise on the quality just to save few bucks. People at our home come from far away places to savour sewain.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15543245", "title": "Incessant rain gives harrowing time to motorists on NH 47", "text": "THRISSUR: The incessant downpour once again threw the traffic out of track in Kuthiran high-range area on the National Highway 47 on Friday, giving a harrowing time to motorists and passengers.As in every monsoon seasons, the traffic at Kuthiran was at snail's pace from the wee hours of the Friday and motorists took as much as two hours to cross the 10-km stretch at Kuthiran between Pattikad and Vaniyampara clogged up with bottlenecks and potholes.While many private buses cut down many services on the route, those who run the service complained of long traffic blocks on the 75-km stretch between Thrissur and Palakkad. \"It takes as much as six hours to reach Palakkad from Thrissur. Travelling on NH 47 at Kuthiran area has become a nightmare. While the potholes slow down the vehicular movement, the vehicles that broke down in huge potholes worsen the journey to the core. The authorities promise new projects to find a permanent solution to the traffic jam at Kuthiran area every now and then, but no project has been materialized yet,\" said KV Haridas, District General Secretary of Thrissur District Road Transport Employees' Union ( CITU).Following public ire, road blockade by locals and finally, an ultimatum by the chief minister Oommen Chandy , the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) had started road repairing works last week. However, the heavy rains continuing for the past three days without break have literally wiped out all the paving.MP Vincent MLA said he has requested the district collector to at least regulate container truck and other heavy traffic in the route till the road repair works get over. He hoped that the work carried out by NHAI will be completed on war foot, once the downpour stops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15537801", "title": "Dipika Pallikal first Indian to enter Gold semis", "text": "MUMBAI: Continuing with her rich vein of form, India's Dipika Pallikal booked her place in the semifinals of the $50,000 Australian Open Squash Championship after defeating Amanda Sobhy of the US on Friday.This is the first time that an Indian has entered the semis of a Gold Series event.The Chennai girl, who is in pursuit of her third senior title, never let her opponent get an opportunity to stage a comeback in the match with a dominant 11-5, 11-7, 12-10 thrashing of Amanda. \"It feels special to reach the semifinals of the event after waiting for three years to go past the first round and I hope to do well in the semis,\" an upbeat Dipika told TOI from Canberra .The match against Amanda was not going to be easy for the 20-year-old as the former had stunned World No. 3 Jenny Duncalf in her previous tie.\"I started slow yesterday so I ensured that I warmed up well before the match. I knew that Amanda played very well in the front area, so I stuck to my game plan and pinned her to the back corners,\" the ever-smiling lass said. Dipika will now face seasoned Englishwoman Laura Massaro, who got a walkover from 12th seed Donna Urguhart of Australia in the quarterfinals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15540119", "title": "Bangalore: Central forces conduct flag march; exodus to NE ebbs", "text": "BANGALORE: To infuse confidence among people from the northeast, Bangalore police have deployed three companies each of the Rapid Action Force (RAF) and Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF). Jawans of these paramilitary forces staged flag marches in KG Halli on Friday night. Such marches will be held in other sensitive localities too. \"Around 600 RAF personnel will be deployed in Bangalore, Mysore and Mangalore. The RAF will be in addition to a Karnataka State Reserve Police battalion ,\" home minister R Ashoka said. The minister claimed the government's efforts had brought the situation under control. Only 2,000 people booked train tickets to the northeast on Friday against the 16,000 people who left on the previous two days. \"We have received roughly 3,500 calls on my official mobile and the helpline numbers,\" special nodal officer and DCP (intelligence) VS D'Souza said. The imams of several mosques reassured people from the northeast, saying they have nothing to fear in Bangalore. \"We will ask our brothers not to endorse rumours or support someone who wants to resort to violence as a result of these rumours,\" said Liyaqat Ahmed Qasmi, the head priest of Masjid-e-Bilal , Richmond Town. In what police called isolated incidents, eight persons from the region were attacked at three places. Even as a few more students left, the higher education department announced it would set alternative dates for their counselling and exams. For extra assurance , several students have moved into the campuses of their colleges. Some professionals from the region have secured permission to work from home, while others have demanded relief camps.Students will get a helping handUnion government bans bulk text and multi-media messages for 15 days Most Bangalore colleges report thin attendance; campuses offer to host northeast students. Those who miss out their internal examinations and counselling will get new schedule. Some 4,000 students from the northeast are studying in Karnataka; 2,000 in Bangalore alone .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15538785", "title": "Police, civic body offer support, protection to students", "text": "PUNE: Pune police are providing protection to the northeast students and there was no need for students to panic and leave the city, police commissioner Gulabrao Pol said on Friday.He said strict action will be taken against people spreading rumours to scare the students. He was speaking at a meeting called against the backdrop of people from the northeast leaving the city in the last few days.Mayor Vaishali Bankar, elected representatives, representatives of students oganizations and social groups were present for the meeting held at the Balgandharva Rangmandir.Pol said the police had detained a few people suspected to have spread the messages. So far, two offences have been registered by the Pune police IT cell.The police commissioner appealed to the students not to leave the city and urged that those who have already left to come back and resume attending classes.\"The parents of students from the northeastern states need not worry. We are united in addressing this issue. Pune city has to maintain its reputation as an educational hub,\" said Pol.Bankar said that NE students should not believe in rumours. \"There are thousands of students studying in the city and the administration is taking all the steps to ensure their safety. The administration, police and social organizations are working together to tackle the issue,\" she said.She too said the city has to maintain its reputation as a cultural and educational capital.Other speakers present at the meeting suggested peace committees in sensitive localities that have a significant population of people from the northeast. Representatives of students' organizations demanded that the police to keep tab on social media sites.Divisional commissioner Prabhakar Deshmukh said district collectors in the Pune division have been asked to conduct regular meetings to take stock of the situation in their areas.Rickshaw Panchayat, city's largest auto-rickshaw union, has asked the autorickshaw drivers to provide auto service to people from the northeast on priority. Baba Adhav of Rickshaw Panahayat said the northeast people can contact the organization on telephone number 26457307 in case of emergency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15539659", "title": "Make police stations people-friendly: DGP", "text": "PANAJI: The director general of police (DGP) Kishan Kumar has stressed the need to make police stations people-friendly.In the Goa police newsletter released a few days ago in Panaji , the DGP has said that people visit police stations in distress and when faced with problems, hence they deserve patient hearing with courtesy and politeness. \"The reporting room in the police station has to present a people-friendly face before the public in day-to-day dealing,\" he stated.No police force can succeed if community is not involved, he said, while adding that \"we need to seek cooperation of the members of the public\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15538141", "title": "Govt tells depts to clear water dues", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government has asked various departments to clear the water dues of Rs 160 crore to the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;).At a review meeting here on Friday, chief secretary Minnie Mathew asked the officials to find ways to clear the pending water arrears because of the serious financial crisis faced by the Board. \"Major departments like home, panchayat raj and rural development, municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;), health, medical and family welfare and A PHousing Board owe a collective Rs 160 crore to us,\" HMWS&SB; director (technical) D Sunder Rami Reddy told TOI. tnnThe panchayat raj and rural development wing is the top defaulter with Rs 97 crore dues followed by MA&UD; with Rs 24 crore dues. Recently, the AP high court issued orders to the HMWS&SB; to collect the dues from the government departments following a public interest litigation filed by a city-based NGO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15539574", "title": "Four stone idols found at airport", "text": "CHENNAI: Four stone idols were found abandoned inside a sealed cardboard box at the international terminal of Chennai airport on Friday. Initially, the discovery triggered an alarm that it may have been an attempt to smuggle out the idols.After Central Industrial Security Force ( CISF) personnel found the box early in the morning in the departure terminal, personnel from the Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad (BDDS) were called in to investigate. They found it contained idols.Airport officials suspected that the idols could be antiques and were about to alert the idol wing police when a detailed examination found they were of ordinary stone. \"The box may have been abandoned by a traveller who may have exceeded the baggage limit,\" said an official. Many international airlines charge for excess baggage.Sources said that security personnel at airports have been on alert after idol smuggler Subhash Kapoor was recently extradited from Germany and arrested for running an art smuggling racket in the guise of an antique business.Security had been tightened at Chennai airport for Independence Day. In most of the cases, contraband is booked as a courier parcel or as cargo under a fake inventory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15539669", "title": "Bhoma-Adcolna sarpanch ousted", "text": "PONDA: Bhoma-Adcolna sarpanch Varsha Naik was ousted from her post by 6-1 votes at a special meeting convened by the Ponda block development office (BDO) at the panchayat premises on Friday to vote on the no-confidence motion moved against her.Although five panchas of the seven-member panchayat had issued a notice the no-trust motion, six members voted against Varsha.The panchas had issued a no-trust motion notice against the sarpanch on August 9, alleging that she had failed to take panch members into confidence.Ponda BDO office revealed that the deputy sarpanch of the village body, Damodar Naik, panchas Sunil Zalmi, Dharma Bhomkar, Abdul Rehman Khan and Vasant Satarkar had signed the no-confidence notice. Panch Mahima Naik had not signed the notice, but the six votes cast in favour of the motion suggest that Mahima voted in favour of the motion to oust Varsha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "15539242", "title": "South Gujarat's mini Kumbh starts today", "text": "BHARUCH: The famous Bhadbhut fair, also known as south Gujarat's mini Kumbh, begins on Saturday. The month-long fair is held once in 18 years at Bhadbhut village located 20 km from Bharuch on the banks of Narmada river. The administration is expecting a gathering of 25-30 lakh people over the next one month at the village owing to the religious importance of the event.As per mytholology, Lord Shiva stayed at Bhadbhut in the month of Adhik Bhadarva to seek knowledge as a student from Rishi Vishnu Prasad. He later appeared before his tutor. The place where he gave darshan later had a shivling emerging over a period of time. Villagers say that the spot is known as Bhareshwar Mahadev.The administration hasStressing on the arrangements made, district collector Roopwant Singh told TOI, \"More than 150 buses state transport would ply between Bhadbhut and other destinations for convenience of the pilgrims. More than 250 stalls are being put up at the venue that would sell various items including eatables.\"Government has spent around Rs 4 crore on improving the existing infrastructure and making security arrangements. Besides establishing ghats where pilgrims can bathe, a health centre has been set up. CCTV cameras have been installed and proper barricading of the venue has been done.With polls around the corner there are chances of prominent political figures in the state making an appearance at the event over the next one month.Hilsa pointWith a population of 7,000 people, Bhadbhut is better known for its fishing enterprise. It has the geographical advantage of being located at a point where the fresh water of Narmada meets the sea and hence there is plenty of Hilsa fish to be caught. Hilsa is among the most popular among the fish eaters. Around 300 boats sail everyday in deep sea in search for the male Hilsa which is locally called Palva. \"Every year fish worth Rs 10 crore is sent across the country from Bhadbhut,\" said Hanif Patel, a fish trader. Both Hindus and Muslims have been residing in the village for generations. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15538014", "title": "There is no need to panic, assures DGP", "text": "HYDERABAD: Denying that there was a mass exodus of Assamese and other northeastern people from Hyderabad, in charge director general of police V Dinesh Reddy on Friday said there was no need to panic.He claimed that the flight of people of northeastern states had dropped considerably on Friday. People, who left the city, took the decision only after their elders requested them to come back, he observed. \"Some might have gone yesterday or day before to spend time with their families back home, but there is no mass exodus,\" he asserted. He added that a large number of armed policemen have been posted in pockets where these people are residing. At a hurriedly called press conference, Dinesh Reddy said that senior IPS officers were constantly reviewing the situation to prevent any untoward incident against people of northeastern origin.He said trains carrying northeastern people from Bangalore and Chennai and passing through Andhra Pradesh were being given full security. The railway police have deployed armed guards on these trains and beefed up the security to protect these people. Dinesh Reddy said that an estimated 3,000 to 4,000 Assamese reside in Hyderabad.\"I request the people of Assam and other northeastern states not to believe in rumours. Hyderabad is a cosmopolitan city and known for communal harmony,\" he said. Dinesh Reddy said there were no complaints from the community members regarding attacks or threats.He said armed pickets were arranged at Siddiqui Nagar and Anjaneya Nagar in Madhapur to quell any untoward incident. The DGP added that rumours originating from other states were spreading fear among people in Hyderabad, he said and added that the SMSs did not originate in Andhra Pradesh.Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma said rumours (of attacks on Assamese) did not start in the state. \"There is no need to panic. We will take care of the situation. There is absolutely nothing to worry about,\" he said. Cyberabad police deployed cops at Nanakramguda and Gowlidoddi apart from the pickets already set up in Siddiqui Nagar and Anjaneya Nagar. \"Police have also intensified patrolling in the areas where most of the Assamese and northeastern people live,\" Cyberabad police commissioner D Tirumala Rao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15539942", "title": "Bainguinim gets Corporation of the City of Panaji nod", "text": "PANAJI: Councillors of the Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) on Friday approved plans of the waste management plant at Bainguinim for handling garbage from Panaji. The solid waste management facility has been scientifically designed with assurances of it being non-polluting and odour free, the councillors were told at the meeting at the corporation hall.CCP commissioner Sanjit Rodrigues explained that the facility is a full-segregation plant and will be built to handle 100 tonnes of waste on a daily basis. He claimed he had prepared the plans and the report in three months, and the plans would now go to the government for approval. The corporation had earlier deemed as 'unsuitable to CCP requirements' the plans by a consultant appointed under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission.With this approval, the obstacle-plagued Bainguinim plant, which was first proposed nearly a decade ago, could be on course to finally see the light of day. The plant has repeatedly faced opposition in Bainguinim. Sources said the thriving real estate lobby in the area was primarily behind the opposition. A local legislator in the construction business was also behind the political opposition to the plant, they added. Some religious institutions were also opposing the plant on the largely misguided fear that it would attract insects and lead to an odour in the area.At the meeting, some opposition councillors sought to know whether the facility had been scrapped since chief minister Manohar Parrikar had announced during the recently-concluded assembly session that a garbage treatment plant would be set up in each of the two districts of the state.Rodrigues in his reply allayed these fears saying, \"The fact that the plans have been brought before the council means we are going ahead.\" He said the facility will be one that is suited to the calorific value of the waste generated in Panaji and not copied from other plants in the country.Councillor Surendra Furtado said, \"People think garbage treatment means dumping\", while urging that CCP explain the benefits of the plant to those opposing it.Rodrigues appealed to citizens and councillors to ensure segregation of garbage from their homes and wards, saying this was not being done properly and consistency in segregation was essential. \"Please support us when we penalise or don't collect (for non-segregation),\" he said, admitting \"support (in this aspect) is not there from councillors\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15542476", "title": "Northeast exodus continues in Pune post abortive bomb blasts", "text": "PUNE, The spectacle of fear-stricken residents from northeast swarming Pune railway station in a desperate bid to head for their home states, has had a benumbing effect on the second capital of Maharashtra which is still coming to terms with what could have been a potentially catastrophic serial bomb explosions a few days back.Despite stepped up efforts by authorities, social organisations and help groups to remove the fear stalking hundreds of students and workers from Assam and Manipur, rattled by beastly attacks in the last four days in Kondhwa, Hadapsar and Cantonment areas of the city, they continued to make a beeline towards the railway station.Their only goal for the time being appeared to catch \"Azad Hind Express\" that leaves the city every evening for Howrah.\"We are returning as our parents are worried. I will come back but as of now I am leaving with nine of my friends from Imphal ,\" said a female student at the railway station.Police believe that doctored MMS and SMS were the main provocation behind the attacks since August 12 in which about 15 North East residents in certain localities were targeted. Two of the 13 persons arrested by police reportedly confessed that the MMS and SMS that depicted violent incidents in Myanmar and Assam turned them vengeful, sources said.After approaching Facebook, Youtube and Google to remove some \"objectionable links\" and five videos in respect of the Assam violence, city police have now filed a complaint against \"unknown persons\" under the IT act, accusing them of exploiting the social networking sites to spread offensive false and intimidating messages.According to City Police Commissioner Gulabrao Pol, who has circulated a message in the city guaranteeing safety of NE people asking them not to heed rumours, the situation had been totally under control after police swung into action to book the culprit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15538720", "title": "Toll system revamped to end Gurgaon e-way chaos", "text": "GURGAON: Following the Punjab and Haryana high court order on decongesting the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway toll plaza from daily traffic jams, the private concessionaire, DSC Ltd, has now introduced split toll gate system for the purpose.In the new system two toll lanes on the extreme left side of the toll plaza during peak hours have been made free with the boom barriers lifted. Fifty metres from that point, there are six-seven temporary toll windows that have been installed for toll collection. The idea is to reduce the jam at the plaza and ease the traffic flow. This new system has been in place since Thursday evening and according to the concessionaire, it is yielding positive results and helping in reducing the jam.The new system will be in place only during peak hours and on the side where traffic volume is high. A spokesperson said it would be operational from 9am to 11am for Delhi traffic entering Gurgaon and 5pm to 7pm on Gurgaon to Delhi side every day.Temporary kiosks have been put up for the purpose where concessionaire staff will stand with hand-held machines. Over regular traffic snarls at the toll plaza, the high court on July 31 had ordered DSC to install five booths equipped with computers within a week from the date of order on each lane on both sides meant for toll collection so as to allow six cars/vehicles in one go to proceed ahead for clearance of toll fee.In the August 16 hearing, the concessionaire apprised the court about the various tolling configurations it has experimented with.A spokesperson said, \"Apart from adding on five additional remote terminals in the lanes as per the court's earlier direction, the court also asked the concessionaire to experiment with other configurations including the split toll plaza tolling option. We would be continuing with the experiments and shall be filing the findings of the experiments by the date of the next hearing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538530", "title": "\u2018Government helped DIAL benefit by thousands of crores\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The civil aviation ministry extended \"undue benefit\" adding up to tens of thousands of crores of rupees to Delhi International Airport Pvt Ltd (DIAL) at the cost of travellers and the exchequer, says the Comptroller and Auditor General's report on public-private partnership for Delhi's IGI Airport.DIAL is the government's joint venture with the Hyderabad-based GMR Group that built the new IGI Airport and now operates it. The report was tabled in Parliament on Friday.The CAG has slammed the move to charge development fee (DF) from flyers to fund the soaring cost of the project that went up 43% from the original Rs 8,975 crore in 2008, to Rs 12,857 crore two years later.The project was to be originally built through a mix of debt and equity with no new burden on passengers. But with the cost going up, the aviation ministry in 2009 approved a development fee of Rs 200 and Rs 1,300 (without tax) for outbound domestic and international flyers, respectively.\"This led to undue benefit to DIAL at the cost of passengers who were taxed for using Delhi airport through levy of DF (since 2009) amounting to Rs 3,415.35 crore,\" the report says, adding that this had \"vitiated the sanctity of the bidding process\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15540883", "title": "Legal notice to Devgan over 'Son of Sardar'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A Chandigarh-based lawyer on Friday served a legal notice to Bollywood actor Ajay Devgan for portraying Sikhs in poor light in his upcoming movie 'Son of Sardar'. Devgan is also the producer of this movie.What prompted senior lawyer Navkiran Singh to send the notice to Devgn was comments like \"If Sikhs were not there, then who would have invented abuses\" and also \"in case Sardar would not have been there, then on whom would the jokes be made\".According to Singh, he came to know about these comments after watching the movie. The notice said that the film, in some parts, shows Sikhs in a bad light and hurts religious sentiments.While giving Devgn a time of seven days to respond, Singh, who is taking up issues pertaining to Sikh rights on various platforms, has requested him to remove such dialogues from the film in public interest. He has also written that in case of failure on the part of the actor, to remove these \"objectionable\" comments, his office would take legal action, on the criminal as well as civil side, against Devgn and all other persons involved in execution of this film.The notice has been sent on Devgn's two addresses, at # 5/6 Sheetal Apartment, Opposite Chandan Cinema, Juhu, Mumbai-400049, and # 45-D Malgari Road, Mumbai-400058.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15537682", "title": "Anti Corruption Bureau summons Karnataka MLA Sriramulu", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Anti Corruption Bureau (ACB) on Friday served notices on former Karnataka minister and Bellary (rural) MLA B Sriramulu directing him to appear before it within four days in connection with the cash-for-bail scam.A team of ACB sleuths went to Sriramulu's residence in Bellary in the morning and served him the notice under section 160 of the CrPC.The MLA informed the ACB that he would depose before it on August 21. The ACB has already arrested two Karnataka MLAs - Gali Somasekhar Reddy and T H Suresh Babu.Sriramulu's name appeared in the confession statement of Kampli MLA Suresh Babu. The MLA, who is Sriramulu's nephew, told the officials that it was the latter who had asked him to offer bribe to the judges and secure bail for Gali Janardhan Reddy.In his confession to ACB in the last week of July, Suresh Babu said that he along with Gali Somasekhara Reddy and their relative Dasaratharami Reddy had offered Rs 20 crore to the judges through history-sheeter Yadagiri Rao under the directions of Sriramulu. The ACB has arrested all the eight accused and also filed a chargesheet in the case.Despite Suresh Babu naming Sriramulu as a conspirator, the ACB had waited for more than a fortnight to issue notices to him. According to sources, the probe agency went ahead with the notices only after gathering more incriminating evidence against the Bellary MLA.Meanwhile, the ACB and CBI have been verifying the bank accounts of all the accused and their kin in Bellary to find out the source of the bribe amount. \"The reason for the scrutiny of the accounts is to know the source of the bribe amount that has been given to suspended CBI judge T Pattabhirama Rao and the other accused. We came across useful information,\" an ACB official told TOI.Of the Rs 9.5 crore bribe which the Gali kin allegedly offered to the judges and the mediators for securing his bail, the ACB was able to recover only Rs 7.5 crore. Even though Yadagiri Rao had claimed that he had given Rs 1 crore from the bribe amount to advocate Aditya, the ACB sleuths could recover only Rs 60,000 from him.\"Recovering the remaining bribe amount is important but our focus is on the source or sources of the bribe amount. We are taking the help of banking and accounting experts,\" said the ACB official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15538837", "title": "Goregaon couple gains support against hawkers", "text": "MUMBAI: Residents are peeved after the Goregaon police said they plan to initiate chapter proceedings against a couple under the Criminal Procedure Code's (CrPC) Section 107, for \"harassing hawkers\". The duo will have to sign a one-year Rs 5,000 bond assuring cops they will not disrupt peace in the area.But Kavita Thakker and her husband, who plan to approach the Bombay high court to seek squashing of the notice, have received support from citizen groups across the city. Jayant Vidwans, president, Goregaonkar Nagarik Association (GNA), which organized a 'footpath bachao' march in June with 400 residents in Goregaon (E), said they would support Thakker and urge her to join their organization.Highly-qualified professionals like doctors, lawyers and engineers had joined the march. Many schoolchildren in uniforms had also participated along with their teachers. The agitation was against hawkers and shopkeepers who have encroached upon footpaths.\"Anil Joseph, chairperson, Perry Road Residents' Association, said they would join GNA if it organizes a march to the Goregaon police station, and added, \"Activists and like-minded citizens should come together to support each other when they see such injustice because of corrupt politicians and officials. When injustice is meted out to a lady, where is the state women's rights commission? It should come forward to support this help herl ess lady.\"Nayana Kathpalia, co-convenor, CitiSpace, said the BMC, Mumbai police and state seem to have forgotten several Supreme Court orders of February 2007 that clearly state that they will remain in force till the MCGM's Hawkers (Regulation and Activities) Bylaw 2009 comes into force. \"Also forgotten are restrictions suggested by MCGM and upheld by the SC that there shall be no hawking permitted within 150m of railway stations and municipal markets and 100m from a place of worship, hospitals and educational institutions,\" said Kathpalia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15544399", "title": "Project Management Institute gives teachers and students a platform to showcase research", "text": "MUMBAI: PMI India Research and Academic Conference 2013 is the second conference of its kind in India. It brings together an audience of scholars from India and abroad, senior practitioners, instructors and students of project management and allied disciplines. The conference is designed to provide an opportunity for researchers to present and discuss new project management research findings and teaching methods.Project Management teachers and students can submit papers related to the theory and practice of Project Management in the areas of Information Technology and Software Systems in terms of Construction &amp; Infrastructure, Social and Public systems, Development projects, Organizational projects and other areas that use Project Management principles.All proffered papers will be evaluated through a double-blind peer review process. For all selected papers, the author will get a chance to present their research at PMI India Research and Academic Conference 2013.To submit your research, send an email to PMIRAC2013@pmi-india.org with 1) Personal information about the author 2) Abstract 3) Technical Paper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15538660", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation plans abattoir in industrial area", "text": "PUNE: After hunting for a suitable spot for an abattoir for the past 20 years, the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has proposed to construct a modern abattoir in an industrial area. The civic body's previous proposals for abattoir at various sites had faced opposition in the past for their inconvenient location.At present, Pimpri-Chinchwad has only one small slaughter house located below the Indira Gandhi Railway Over Bridge (ROB). Traders sell meat from rows of shops that the PCMC has constructed under the bridge. However, these shops are not properly enclosed nor do they have many facilities. There have been agitations for shifting the slaughterhouse from here as it is on the road approaching the railway station and a nuisance to those living nearby. Earlier, the municipal corporation had planned to shift the slaughter house to Bhosari area. However, the proposal was abandoned after severe opposition from local residents.The municipal corporation has now proposed to construct the slaughter house on a hectare of land in survey number 202 at Pimpri Waghire. The land is in an industrial zone. As per the provisions of the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act, the corporation has invited suggestions and objections from citizens for reserving the one hectare land for the slaughter house. The suggestions and objections can be sent within a month. Last year, the civic general body (GB) had approved a resolution for allotting one hectare in Pimpri for the abattoir.The proposed slaughter house will have all modern facilities, including proper disposal of the waste.Satish Gore, veterinary officer, PCMC, said, at present, around 15 to 18 large-sized animals are slaughtered at the slaughter house everyday. The number increases to 55 animals on Thursdays, Sundays and other special occasions. Around 6,000 kg meat is sold daily from the slaughterhouse.However, sheep and goats are not slaughtered at the slaughter house. Shops selling sheep/goat meat are found scattered all over the city. The shopkeepers slaughter these smaller animals at the shops and sell their meat. Most of them lack cleanliness.Officials say there is no central slaughter house where these animals can be slaughtered in hygienic conditions. Around 15,000 to 16,000 kg of sheep/goat meat is consumed in the city everyday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15542313", "title": "Emraan Hashmi plans to learn visual graphics", "text": "With several blockbusters to his name and many big budget productions in his kitty, Emraan Hashmi is perhaps at the peak of his career. And despite a choc-a-bloc calendar, Mirror  has found out that the actor is planning to go back to school.An insider told us that Emraan had always wanted to train in a special VFX course before he started his acting career. However, since he had just started working as an assistant director on Raaz, the actor had no time to spare. And now, after ten years, it was on the sets of the third film of the same franchise ( Raaz 3 ) , that his passion to learn VFX was rekindled.When contacted, Emraan told us about his passion. \"I've always been into visual effects. It was something I took keen interest in before films happened. Ironically, I am a part of Raaz 3 , a film that is shot entirely on 3D. It has encouraged me to pursue my dream. Hopefully, if time permits, I will travel to the United States and attend a crash course in visual graphics and animation,\" said the actor.A source close to the actor however revealed that Emraan is looking at course options and may soon travel to the US to fulfill his dream", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15539511", "title": "Meet-and-greet for young Parsis", "text": "Their numbers are meagre, but the city has a very distinct Parsi presence. They make a picture pretty sight on Pateti as they emerge from Agyari after offering prayers on their New Year day. Though the traditional attire of beautifully embroidered saris in pastel shades for women and the ubiquitous black headgear of men provide that typical touch to the appearance, it is colourfully dressed younger generation of Parsis which provides the contemporary look.For the more racy younger set the day is something to be done with. 25-year-old Tushad Jall says he looks at it as any other festival. \"I celebrate this day with the same enthusiasm with which I would celebrate any other festival. In our community there are two types; the very orthodox who stick to traditions and the other who are more liberal. But one thing that we all strictly adhere to is going to the fire temple.\"There are approximately 400 Parsi families in the city. This ensures that everybody gets to meet each other on this special day. Zerbin Rana says that the celebrations in the city are limited to visiting family and friends. \"In Mumbai there is this culture of watching theatre in the evening. But in Nagpur we hold a cultural meet two days later on the day that we call Khordad Sal. Pateti for us is all about gorging on goodies like rawa made from vermicelli and that typical Parsi dish mutton samosa.\" His sister Ziyane adds, \"For most of the younger set of Parsis this is like any other day when we meet and have meals together. But for me the most exciting part is the gifts that we receive from family and friends.\"It's eat, drink and be happy for most Parsis on New Year day. Danush Doongaji says his community is more concerned with being good human beings. \"Rituals do not form as much a part of this day as enjoying with them over a feast,\" he says.It is the celebratory mood of this day that appeals to Parul Patel, a Marwari girl married into a Parsi family. \"This is a small community which connects so well. The fact that it is a open house at every Parsi home on this day is what I find most amazing. People keep dropping by and everybody is welcomed with delicious food and loads of warmth,\" she says. Adds Soraiya Taneja, a Parsi married into a Punjabi household, \"I will be visiting the agyari and then greet my family and relatives.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538635", "title": "Court orders FIR against cop accused of looting Rs 12L", "text": "NEW DELHI: In yet another instance of a tainted cop giving Delhi Police a bad name, a city court has ordered the IP Estate police to lodge a case against an inspector who had allegedly looted a Panipat-based businessman of Rs 12 lakh two years ago.Surender Sodhi had approached the court after Delhi Police allegedly refused to lodge an FIR on the incident that took place when the businessman was coming out of a petrol pump in the night of March 30, 2010. Following the court order, the FIR was registered at the IP Estate police station last week and cops have begun taking action against the inspector as Ved Bhusan Sharma, who is now deputed with the economic offences wing (EOW). At the time of the incident, he was serving as the station house officer of Shakarpur police station in east Delhi.According to the FIR, Sodhi had come to visit his mother at Preet Vihar and was carrying Rs 12 lakh to buy a car. \"I had reached the petrol pump opposite the IP DTC bus depot and was moving in to fill petrol when Sharma accosted my car along with three others,\" he said. Two of the other accused, named in the FIR as property dealers Ravi Gupta and Lucky Gupta, allegedly came in a Honda Accord and blocked his path.The inspector allegedly put the service revolver on Sodhi's chest and demanded the money. \"When I protested, the inspector threatened to kill me in an encounter,\" said Sodhi. The businessman managed to flee but lost the money. Sources in Delhi Police said the officer was probably tipped off by the property dealers about the huge amount that Sodhi was carrying.According to the FIR, police at IP Estate dismissed his case the same night. The businessman alleged that Ravi and Lucky continued to threaten him and even engaged goons to attack his sister at Shakarpur and his nephew at Jogeshwari in Mumbai. Separate FIRs have been lodged in both cases.Police will now investigate the case afresh. \"We have registered the case under endangering the life, wrongful restraint, hurt in order to commit extortion and hatching a criminal conspiracy. Adequate departmental action will be taken at the earliest,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15539036", "title": "Tournament of video games, a reality in Itanagar", "text": "Itanagar: The popularity of video games among youths in Arunachal Pradesh seems to be growing with every passing day, if the presence of as many as 64 game aficionados at the third edition of Donli Riba Gaming Quest 2012 is to be considered.The tournament was played in memory of Donli Riba a gifted musician and the grandson of former chief minister Tomo Riba who died prematurely on August 13, 2009. The tournament was organized and conducted by the family members and friends of the young musician here at the Centre for Cultural Research and Documentation (CCRD), Naharlagun on Monday. Riba was a keen video game player.Sixty matches were played in fixtures spread over a day-long Pro Evolution Soccer 2012 (PES12) schedule, on six PlayStation 2 consoles. The prime objective of the tournament was to give opportunity to young minds to explore and exercise their mental faculties and excel in their creative skills and remove the negative perception related to gaming.\"Besides giving chance to young people to showcase their flair for gaming, the tournament tries to promote positive thinking in youth, and carry forward Donli's dream of creating a vibrant space for the developing minds\", said the tournament organizers.Bomnak Gapak of Vivekananda Central School, Itanagar , emerged as the winner bagging the trophy and a cash prize of Rs 11,000, while Rajesh Garam of Garden View School was adjudged runner up taking home cash prize of Rs 6,000. Both the winner and runner up are students of Class-VIII. The trophy and cash prizes were given away by the lead vocalist of rock band Alien Gods Olik Boko.\"I never thought that there can a tournament of video games, but finally I won the tournament!,\" said an elated Bomnak Gapak. Musical tributes were paid to late Donli by popular young musicians Mingu Bage and Orin Lego.If one has to assess the response from the players and their guardians who thronged the venue since the morning, it becomes clear that the holding of an off-beat tournament on gaming skills has achieved two main ends.First, it has created a space for video gaming as an alternative channel of showing creative skills. More importantly, it has also helped changing the image of young adults from being seen as problem makers.The spirit of sportsmanship and camaraderie seen at the event is a clear indication that given a chance, the youth in the state can excel. Video gaming has given them a chance to emerge as individuals, to be recognized solely through their talents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15539723", "title": "Held for graft, Directorate of Revenue Intelligence ex-official seeks Rs 50L relief", "text": "CHENNAI: Claiming that a corruption case had been foisted on him for having issued notices to corporate houses evading duty to the tune of hundreds of crores, former additional director-general of the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) C Rajan has approached the Madras high court seeking a compensation of 50 lakh, besides a stay on all proceedings against him.Rajan was arrested by CBI officials on March 6 this year on charges of accepting a bribe from a city businessman. He was later placed on suspension.Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar, before whom the case was mentioned by advocate V Selvaraj on Friday, referred the matter to be posted before some other bench. In his petition, Rajan referred to two high-value cases involving a Chennai-based car company and a Mumbai-based steel major, and said he was probing allegations of duty evasion worth hundreds of crores by them. He said that after he issued a show-cause notice to the steel company, several top officers asked him to withdraw the notice.Alleging extraneous factors behind the case against him and the subsequent arrest, Rajan said a special investigation team should be formed to probe the circumstances under which the FIR was registered. He also sought a direction to the CBI to take action against those responsible for \"fabricating false evidence\" and initiating criminal proceedings against him. Besides a compensation of 50 lakh, Rajan wanted the court to restrain the central agency from taking any action pursuant to the FIR.During his one-and-a-half year stint as the additional director general of DRI, Rajan had busted several smuggling rackets. Sources said more than 200 crore worth of contraband, including red sanders logs, ephedrine, ketamine, gold, toys, airconditioners, electronic items and other commodities were seized by DRI sleuths when Rajan was at the helm. Rajan cracked more number of cases than his predecessors at DRI and also at airport and sea customs where he served as commissioner.Rajan was arrested based on the complaint of F Ubaidullah, who said DRI officials conducted searches at the premises of his friend Joseph and a Myanmar national, and froze two bank accounts. He said Rajan demanded 10 lakh when he requested him to defreeze the accounts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "15537826", "title": "Professor couple arrested for sexually harassing scholars", "text": "TIRUPATI: A professor couple in Sri Venkateswara University's (SVU) zoology department was arrested here on Friday following a complaint from two PhD scholars. While professor Rajeswara Rao was booked under Section 354 (outraging the modesty) of the IPC for sexually harassing girl students, his wife Vijaya Kumari was arrested under Section 509 (abetting the crime) of the IPC.The alleged harassment of the girls started in August 2010 when they enrolled with Vijaya for PhD. The rooms of Rao and his wife Vijaya are side by side on the campus and, taking advantage of this, Rao used to call the girls to his room and harass them.This alleged torture continued for six to seven months till the victims finally approached the media in February 2011. Following a complaint, the CID entered the scene and launched an investigation in December last year. \"Prima facie it was established that Rao did misbehave with the girls. He used to get drunk and harass the girls,\" Nagaraju, DSP, CID, Tirupati, told TOI.During the interrogation, it also came to light that professor Vijaya Kumari used to pester the students to arrange vehicles for her personal use. \"She used to abuse them when they complained against her husband. She even warned them against going public about the matter and told them to comply with her husband,\" an investigating official said.In fact, a fact-finding committee, which inquired into the allegations of the victims, recommended action against professor Rao. However, no action was taken against him or his wife by the varsity authorities. \"After repeated requests from the harassed students, they were given a new guide Jacob Das,\" a senior official said.Sources said CID DG Damodar Naidu was in Tirupati two days ago and after he made inquiries into the case, the professor couple was arrested on Friday. They were later produced before the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15539920", "title": "Bo wife\u2019s fate to be decided on Monday", "text": "BEIJING: The verdict in the trial of ousted Communist Party leader Bo Xiali's wife, Gu Kailai, for allegedly murdering a British businessman would be pronounced on Monday , officials said. Gu had confessed to poisoning Neil Heywood to death with her aide Zhang Xiaojun's help since the Briton had threatened to kill her son. The court may choose between awarding the capital punishment or a suspended death sentence, which allows a convict to go scot free on condition that he or she behaves in a suitable manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "15540023", "title": "South Africa cops kill 36 striking miners", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: In one of the deadliest protests since the end of the apartheid era, at least 36 striking South African miners were shot dead by police at a platinum mine, sending shock waves across the country.The police in bulletproof vests, some on horseback, fired at a crowd of workers armed with spears, clubs and machetes, with some gunfire also heard from the workers' camp. The miners at the Lonmin platinum mine in Marikana have been demanding a three-fold salary hike, refusing an order by their union to return to work so that employers could enter into negotiations .Police said they fired after several unsuccessful attempts to disperse protesters with water cannons, tear gas and stun grenades. Senior police officials showed photographs to prove that the police acted in self-defence .The incident was roundly condemned by all sectors of society, including all political parties and religious leaders.The bloodshed prompted President Jacob Zuma to cut short a trip to neighbouring Mozambique for a summit of regional leaders.He is set to visit the troubled North West province where the mine is located.Zuma said he had instructed law enforcement agencies to do everything possible to bring the situation under control and to bring the perpetrators of the violence to book.As an uneasy calm descended on the area, loved ones made their way to morgues to identify the dead.The Azanian People's Organization likened the violence in Marikana to the Sharpeville and Soweto shootings of the apartheid era, when police, acting on the instructions of the white minority government, opened fire on innocent protesters, killing scores of people including young schoolchildren.Besides the wage demand, the violence at the mine is also believed to be the result of rivalry between the National Union of Mineworkers and the Association of Mineworkers and Construction Union over recognition agreements at the mine.Lonmin chairman Roger Phillimore said, \"We are treating the developments around police operations... with the utmost seriousness. It was one of the worst police shootings in South Africa since the end of the apartheid era.\" PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15537618", "title": "Manikonda land case: A lot at stake for Muslim community", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Supreme Court hearing on Manikonda Wakf Jagir is scheduled in a month's time and the Muslim community is becoming restless. There are no clear indications from the AP State Wakf Board on how it is going to fight the SC injunction of May 8 on the high court order that 1652 acre and 32 gunta land abutting the IT hub of Gachibowli is the wakf property of Dargah Hussain Shah Wali.There are reasons for the community to be restive. The value of this huge chunk of land could be worth anything between Rs 32,000 crore and Rs 75,000 crore. For a community whose socio-economic and educational status has slipped to unprecedented low levels, the high court judgment came as a step filled with hope. Then came the bolt from the apex court in the form of injunction which allowed occupants of the land to carry on with their business, which in some cases included selling real estate parcels and fully developed luxurious dwellings.With the inexplicable silence of the Wakf Board and the news that two senior lawyers have decided to quit the case owing to their alleged mistreatment by board officials, rumours have begun to fly thick and fast. Rumours are rife that the board has entered into some dubious understanding with the government and the corporate entities who are claiming ownership of the land. Another word doing the rounds is that the managing committee of the dargah and the other parties in the case are looking to settle the issue in a manner where the corporate entities can retain the properties by paying a reasonable sum. Substantial chunks of money have already begun to change hands, allege some.There might be no element of truth in these rumours. But the fact that they are in circulation and many people are swearing by them indicate serious trust deficit in wakf matters.Board chairman Syed Ghulam Afzal Biyabani has said that some formidable Supreme Court lawyers have been zeroed in to fight the case. But there are lots of grey areas in the case where he and many other parties have got to do some serious explanation. The board had faltered in having the dargah property notified until very late in the day. Blaming the board, sources in the government said that it was presumed that the property belonged to the revenue department. Then there is the role of the managing committee of the dargah. The board has to explain the locus standi of the committee vis a vis land. Committee president Afzal Mahdi had repeatedly said in the past that the property belonged to the dargah and not the Wakf Board. Therefore, no matter can be settled alone by the board. That in other words means that Mahdi has positioned himself in a key role in any proceedings in court or negotiations with the government or the corporate entities.Up until high court there were some other parties to the case. MIM leader Akbaruddin Owaisi, TDP MLC Ibrahim Masqati and social activist Mahboob Alam Khan were party against the stand of government and the corporate entities. In a scenario where everybody is watching the proceedings keenly, it becomes imperative on the part of the Wakf Board to make its stand clear. It also has to come clean on its relationship with the dargah managing committee. The public has a right to know whether the two are on the same page or looking at the Supreme Court case differently. It would also be wise for Owaisi, Masqati and Khan to implead in the Supreme Court so that checks and balances are created and no one is allowed to make a mistake, deliberately or otherwise.The road to the Supreme Court is filled with landmines. Any outcome that goes against the stand that the board had taken and won in the high court will be looked at with great suspicion and may be termed as betrayal of the community. It is hoped that the board, dargah committee and the others who have shown interest in the case realize the gravity of the situation and work accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15542201", "title": "New Zealand cricketers arrive for India series", "text": "HYDERABAD: Some members of the New Zealand cricket team have arrived for the Test and Twenty20 matches against India starting August 23.The first batch of New Zealand cricketers arrived at the international airport late Friday night. More Players would join the team later.New Zealand will play two Test matches and an equal number of T20 matches against India.The First Test is scheduled to be held from August 23 to 27, while the second match will be played in Bangalore from August 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15539286", "title": "Cop rescues man trying to end life", "text": "NAGPUR: A 49-year-old head constable, with a daredevil stunt, pulled a man to safety before he could take a plunge from the second floor of the Government Medical College and Hospital on Friday evening. The drama ended after the brave cop handed over the visibly upset man, under influence of liquor, to Ajni police officials who had reached the spot after learning about the incident.Yeshwant Musale was perched atop a window pane between second and third floor. The relatives of other patients and attendants of the hospital raised an alarm spotting Musale in precarious position. Musale, a resident of Patansawangi, was disturbed over the health of his brother who was admitted to the hospital with renal failure.Cops at the GMCH police booth were immediately alerted after repeated requests failed to convince Musale to give up his intention to end life. Head constable Rajendra Dumbhare, with the help of a hospital employee, descended on the window pane with the help of a bandage roll which he had tied around his waist. Having lowered himself within the reach, Dumbhare pulled up Musale by hair.In an earlier incident, Dumbhare had engaged in daredevil rescue of fire victims trapped in a high-rise building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15540557", "title": "Unhygienic conditions prevail in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: The city is reeling under pathetic living conditions even in the ongoing festival season. Residents of several areas, particularly minority dominated localities, are complaining about persistent insanitary conditions ahead of Eid.The residents of Shastri Nagar near Chain Factory Chauraha came out on road to protest against unhygienic conditions.The residents of the area complained that drains and garbage are not being cleaned regularly. Heaps of garbage on potholed and caved-in roads in the localities adjacent to Mariyampur School are raising unbearable stink. The overflowing drains are turning the area unclean.Shivam, a resident of Chain Factory Chauraha said that no Kanpur Municipal Corporation (KMC) worker came to clean the chocked drains in the area even after several complaints. \"The workers demand money to clear the chocked drains,\" he added.Poor civic conditions can also be witnessed in the old localities of the city as well as in the new residential areas. The condition in Jajmau and Ramadevi is worst.Even light showers lead to unhygienic conditions. The residents of these areas expressed anguish over the failure of KMC to ensure proper cleaning. Ishaq, a resident of Ramadevi said that the condition of the locality is really pathetic. \"We clean our homes prior to Eid but the sanitary staff fail to clean the locality,\" he lamented.The local corporators have expressed dissatisfaction over the cleanliness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15543560", "title": "Last accused in Guwahati molestation case surrenders", "text": "GUWAHATI: The last accused in the Guwahati molestation case of July 9 has surrendered.The police said the last accused in the case, Sikandar Basfore, gave himself up late last evening at Bhangagarh police station here. With this all the 17 accused in the case have been arrested by the police.Basfore will be produced before the court later today and the police would seek his custody, sources said.Of the 16 other accused, 15 are in judicial custody, including the prime accused Amar Jyoti Kalita.On August 13, the Guahati High Court had granted bail to Gaurav Jyoti Neog, the former journalist of a city-based private news channel, who had first filmed the incident which happened in the busy G S Road in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15542204", "title": "Race 2 makers capitalise on Allah Duhai number", "text": "Director duo Abbas-Mustan's 2008 film Race was a box office hit. And not just because of the multiple stars, slick direction and edge-of-the-seat twists and turns. A large part of the credit goes to the foot-thumping number Allah Duhai Hai sung by Neeraj Shridhar and Sunidhi Chauhan that had the entire cast including Saif Ali Khan ,  Bipasha Basu , Akshaye Khanna, Katrina Kaif , Anil Kapoor and Sameera Reddy grooving to it.So much so the filmmakers are riding on the success of this song for their sequel to Race. It is learnt they have shot it last week with the same phrase, Allah Duhai Hai... and featuring Saif Ali Khan, Deepika Padukone , John Abraham , Jacqueline Fernandez , Anil Kapoor and Ameesha Patel this time round. The other difference being Atif Aslam and Anushka Manchandani have lent their voices to it. Add to this the fact that the makers have made it bigger and better with many more dancers than the earlier version.A source told TOI, \"Producer Ramesh Taurani suggested retaining the phrase of the song used in the first part. Also, he has a very good taste in music, which is evident from the music in his films. Abbas-Mustan instantly loved the idea and decided to shoot the song on a lavish scale last week. It was choreographed by Ahmed Khan and has 75 dancers in it.\"The source added, \"Atif went to Turkey to record his voice. For the first time, he has sung a dance number. The song was picturised for over four days at a suburban studio. It comes at a very crucial moment in the film.\"Apparently, the entire cast went into celebratory mode courtesy the energetic dance number, Jacqueline's birthday and Taurani's 28th wedding anniversary. A cake was cut as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15539279", "title": "NGOs cross swords over SC order on tiger reserve buffers", "text": "NAGPUR: The interim order of the Supreme Court in the matter of tourism in core areas of tiger reserves and notifying buffer zones in three weeks has stirred up a debate. The order has been passed in the case related to Ajay Dubey vs National Tiger Conservation Authority ( NTCA) filed in 2011.On the issue, the Future of Conservation Network (FCN), a network of around dozen ecological, social and community-based organizations and individuals, has alleged that the SC order to notify buffer zones in three weeks will lead to hushing of buffer notifications bypassing the Forest Rights Act ( FRA).The FCN consists of experts like Tushar Dash of Vasundhara, Ashish Kothari of Kalpavriksh, Rucha Ghate of Shodh, Dilip Gode of Vidarbha Nature Conservation Society (VNCS) and wildlife biologists and conservationists like Ravi Chellam, Raghu Chundawat and others.Countering the FCN allegations, Kishor Rithe, president of Satpuda Foundation, asked the FCN to come clear on the issue. The views expressed by the FCN through a release are ambiguous on certain issues.Rithe said that the FCN statement that SC order on notifying buffer zones around reserves in three weeks has created a situation of serious illegalities. In their rush to notify buffers, states are bypassing the Wildlife Protection Act and Forest Rights Act.Rithe said that FCN has not specified the states. Citing example of Sahyadri tiger reserve in Maharashtra, he said that its consultative process for buffer started in July 2008. \"It would be improper to say that the state has completed the entire buffer process after SC order on July 24,\" Rithe said.In another example of Panna (Madhya Pradesh), Rithe informed that the field director completed the process of delineating the buffer long back but the file is lying at chief minister's office.The FCN has said that buffers were notified in seven days, a period in which consultation process is impossible to carry out. It is alleged that there is serious lack of scientific process to identify buffers. There is also no guidance on how to achieve coexistence between wildlife and communities.However, Rithe said that the release has not given names of such states that notified buffers in seven days. It would have helped the SC. Maharashtra, where Rithe was one of the members of buffer committee, entire legal process was followed scrupulously.The FCN has also said that in the buffer of Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) transit and sale of non-timber forest produce (NTFP) is being restricted, and even people's access to their own villages is being hindered through new gates.To this, Rithe said, \"In TATR buffer, public opinion was sought in every village and suggestions, objections and grievances were recorded. The committee had sought opinion of field director on well documented village-wise public opinion on the basis of scientific criteria and buffer guidelines. Accordingly, the buffer area was earmarked.\"Debi Goenka of Conservation Action Trust (CAT), Mumbai, said that the FCN allegation about people are being displaced from tiger reserves without recognizing their rights under the Forest Rights Act (FRA) is not true in case of Maharashtra. \"The villages in Navegaon National Park had approached the court seeking relocation. Semadoh and several villages in Melghat Tiger Reserve (MTR) are desperately trying to move out,\" Goenka said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15540098", "title": "Lok Janshakti Party rules out tie-up with Cong in assembly polls", "text": "VADODARA: Lok Janshakti Party (LJP) president Ram Vilas Paswan had recently said during his visit to Ahmedabad that he was not completely ruling out allying with Congress in the upcoming assembly polls. However, LJP state unit president Mukesh Gurjar said on Friday that there was no question of allying with Congress during the elections. Gurjar even went on to say that Congress doesn't have intentions of regaining power in Gujarat.\"We are going to contest on all 182 seats in the state on our own. We are not going to ally with Congress as it had ditched us in the past. We had allied with Cong in 2007 assembly polls and fielded our candidate on one seat. However, Congress broke the accord and fielded its candidate on the same seat,\" Gurjar said during his visit to the city on Friday. He said LJP had helped about at least 12 Congress MLAs win elections in the past.\"I think that Congress doesn't want to come to power in Gujarat. What else could be the reason behind it not allying with any other small secular parties in the state? If Congress takes other small parties along, then the votes won't be divided, but it is not doing so,\" Gurjar pointed out. He is confident that LJP would poll good number of votes in this assembly polls after fairing decently on four seats in the 2009 Lok Sabha elections.\"LJP is having a four-day convention in the city next month that will be attended by Paswan. He may also visit Vadodara after Eid next week,\" Gurjar said. Gurjar also attacked the BJP by stating that it is only a one man party in the state. \"We have mobilized people from all sections and communities of the society and have workers in all villages of Gujarat,\" Gurjar claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15540654", "title": "44 \u2018troublemakers\u2019 drive campaign", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Heinous crime cases ranging from attempt to murder, rioting, intimidation, trespassing, rash driving, hurting cops or public servants are pending against them in different police stations and they also feature in the list of troublemakers that has been compiled jointly by Chandigarh police and Panjab University (PU). Despite their notorious backgrounds, these 44 individuals are not just studying at PU but are also actively involved in campaigning for the upcoming student council elections.They have been now been perceived as individuals, who can create ruckus and cause violence on the campus during the polls.Therefore, in only one of its kind initiative, police is approaching parents, who are based in Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh; of these 44 persons and seeking their intervention to ensure peaceful polls.\"We are going to the homes of these 44 individuals, informing parents about their activities and appealing them to talk to their sons to remain under control. These are members of parties like PUSU, SOPU and INSO. Some of them are studying on campus whereas some have passed out but still they come to participate in poll-related activities,\" Gurmukh Singh, station house officer of Sector 11 police station, told TOI.\"We are also compiling data from various police stations, where cases are pending against them. There have been incidents when we have called their parents, who expressed ignorance about their sons' anti-social activities,\" stated Singh.Barinder Singh Dhillon, Sukhjit Singh Brar, Vicky Midhukhera, Robin Brar and Dalbir Singh Goldy, who are associated with different student political parties, are among these 44 students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15542901", "title": "I did controversial show to highlight common man's woes: Veena Malik", "text": "Veena Malik has revealed that she signed up for the special Ramazan show Astaghfar, as she wanted to highlight the problems faced by common man in front of a wide audience.Through this show, Malik aimed to address \"sinful\" societal issues while repenting the wrongs that she committed and asking for forgiveness.When asked about the Hero TV show ' Astaghfar ,' she said, \"Firstly, for me, it is social norms and human behaviour in society that is the imperative subject of discussion. How should we behave with other people?\"\"What does religion say about how we should act with others? Since I hold a degree in Sociology, this interests me very much,\" Pakistnewspaper The Express Tribune quoted her as saying.Further elaborating on the line of thought that she followed in her show, she said, \"I have always been approached by channels asking me to do political shows, to share my thoughts on what political parties are up to here in the country.\"But I believe these issues are not of interest to the common man. He is a frustrated individual, who faces financial instability and other problems on a daily basis.\"It is his problems and issues that need to be addressed - this is something that is missing on TV and channels must address it,\" she said.She also said that she realised that it was indeed the little things in life that mattered, as she stated, \"From dealing with hard core issues, we should now be more involved in looking and solving the simple issues of life that are affecting the common man on the street.\"On the sets of 'Astaghfar ,' Malik often gets calls from viewers who speak to her in harsh and condescending tones, with some criticising her blatantly as well.She said that she felt sympathy for the people who criticise her as she believed, \"The way a man speaks or talks to others represents what kind of society we live in; his behaviour shows what sort of person he is and gives the impression that he is definitely living in a very frustrated society.\"We are often told to treat others with respect to beget respect. I definitely feel sympathy for such individuals,\" she said.With 13 episodes on air so far, Malik seems very excited about her new venture.She believes that her TV show is based on a beautiful concept and also touches upon some imperative family related issues \"related to father-daughter and brother-sister relationships and how they should treat each other.\"When asked why she chose to do this show, she said, \"The answer is simple and very clear - to interact with people and to know their worries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "talwandi kuka (bholath)", "code": "15540908", "title": "He escaped Wisconsin shooting but fell to robbers' bullet", "text": "Talwandi Kuka (Bholath): Harbans Kaur went through anxious moments on the night of August 5 after she was told that a shootout at Oak Creek Gurdwara in Wisconsin had claimed seven people. She heaved a sigh of relief and thanked God after she could talk to her son Dalbir Singh (56) who had a narrow escape as he had returned from the gurdwara just before the shootout.But tragedy tiptoed into Harban's life 12 days later when Dalbir was killed in the same town on Thursday night at the store of his nephew Jatinder Singh when they were closing the establishment. It was a reported robbery attempt during which Dalbir was gunned down. The killing has come as a shock for the Sikh community and Dalbir's native village Talwandi.\"Dalbir had gone to the US in 2008 as his son is already settled there. He was secretary of gurdwara in the village here and had strong religious leanings. In Milwaukee , he was member of the committee managing the Oak Creek Gurdwara,\" said Captain Balkar Singh, Dalbir's brother-in-law.\"He would remain involved in gurdwara affairs and helped fellow villagers in their hour of crisis. One of his daughters is settled in New York and another is in Germany. His son is based in Portugal,\" Balkar said.\"Our entire village is shocked. Dalbir was a very good soul and had cordial relations with all the villagers. Though we understand that it was a robbery bid but villagers are wondering why only Sikhs are becoming soft target,\" said village sarpanch Harjinder Singh.In Talwandi village, Dalbir's mother and sister-in-law Gurpreet Kaur live while rest of the members of the family are abroad. Villagers made a beeline to their house to mourn Dalbir's death as the news spread.Meanwhile, North American Punjabi Association President Satnam Singh Chahal and chairman Dalwinder Singh Dhoot said they had inquired from Millwaukee Police Department (MPD) and learned that they had 'people of interest' in custody at the time. A lieutenant from MPD also stated that while this was an ongoing investigation, there was currently no evidence to indicate that this crime was motivated by anything other than a desire to snatch money from the victims.The US Attorney for the Eastern District of Wisconsin, James Santelle, however, was quoted assuring the community that his office and law enforcement agencies would look into this case thoroughly and ensure that the motive of the crime was investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15539893", "title": "New terminal bowls over Virus", "text": "KOLKATA: One of India's most versatile actors, Boman Irani slips into roles with such ease that it is difficult to find a common trait between Dr Asthana in 'Munna Bhai MBBS', Lucky Singh in 'Lage Raho Munna Bhai', and Viru Sahastrabuddhe or Virus in '3 Idiots'.But on Friday, his jaw dropped as he stepped into the new integrated terminal of Kolkata airport. And then he beamed. \"This is delightful. The city deserved a world-class terminal and it has got it. It's a great first impression. The architecture looks more impressive than that of Mumbai,\" he told TOI, admiring the ceiling that is covered with alphabets in the Bengali script.Irani was among 467 passengers that arrived by Jet Airways , SpiceJet, Air India and IndiGo flights in Kolkata on Friday and were driven into the new terminal, the second time that the facility underwent trials after passengers of an IndiGo flight inaugurated the terminal on July 15. In mid-September, the departure facility will be tested.As Kolkata airport director BP Sharma and Indo-Thai joint venture ITD-ITD CEM project manager Mong Kol explained the features of the terminal to Irani, passengers, airline and airport staff jostled to take pictures with the actor who has won millions of hearts.\"Though I have been to Kolkata several times, I am yet to shoot a movie here. Actually, I have had more shoots abroad than in India. That's a pity really, given the locational and architectural diversity that we have at home. This terminal would equal some of the best airport facilities in the world and should be great for a shoot,\" Irani remarked.While the arrival terminal is ready, there's still some distance to go for the departure to welcome passengers. Major civil work has been completed in this section, but the glass partitions, furniture and check-in counters are yet to be installed. Also, the aerobridges are yet to be shipped from Indonesia .\"The arrival terminal seems ready to service passengers. But it will take at least three to four months to finish the departure terminal and make the entire facility operational. Since that would be too long, Airports Authority of India is likely to introduce some flights in October and then use the next three to four months as transition period for airlines to shift operations to the integrated terminal,\" an airline official said.Sharma is optimistic of getting the airport operational by Puja. \"From Saturday, 2,000 workers who had been working at the arrival terminal will shift to the departure level and begin the finishing process. Altogether, 18 major companies are involved in the operations. This is the most critical phase where machinery and equipment are tested and measured. All conveyor belts are ready for use. The air-conditioning system and public address system are on trial,\" the airport director said.He though acknowledged that the delay in arrival of aerobridges would affect the deadline. In the trial phase, boarding gates at ground level will be used and passengers will be ferried to the aircraft in coaches. The aerobridges, when installed, will service Boeing 737, Airbus 380 and all categories of aircraft within this range.Radhika Choksi, who lives in Ballygunge Place and travels frequently to her sister's house in Mumbai, can't wait for the new terminal to become operational full-time. \"I dread returning to broken trolleys and grimy toilets at the other terminal. This is so much better. I hope I get to travel through this terminal the next time I travel,\" she said.Iskconites Bela Dasi of Germany and Dhruva Das of New Zealand were zapped by the look and feel of the terminal. \"Having travelled quite a bit around the globe, let me tell you this is world-class. It is much better than the terminal at Los Angeles ,\" said Bela.A group of 15 septuagenarians and octogenarians - widows of freedom fighters - who returned from an Independence Day trip to the Andaman Cellular Jail, were wide-eyed with wonder as was 17-month-old Sri Nimai. \"They have built a marvel in the city. Please do maintain it. Above all, behave courteously with everyone so that travel through Kolkata airport is always a pleasure,\" said 88-year-old Leela Guha, the oldest of the lot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15538825", "title": "Helplines offer counselling, shelter", "text": "Despite the best efforts being made by state authorities as well as private helplines to dissuade north-eastern natives from leaving Mumbai, a steady stream of people continues to leave the city. Helpline volunteers are now willing to offer temporary alternate accommodation and are personally visiting insecure areas so that the flow is stemmed. The Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) helpline 022-2430 6321 had received around 200-300 calls until Friday evening. tnn\"Despite our best efforts to persuade them to stay, people have made up their mind to leave town. Now they are calling to ask about the arrangements for travel and are apprehensive about whether they will face any problems along the route. We are distributing a database of phone numbers of local ABVP karyakartas at all stops from Nagpur to Kishenganj,\" says Devdatta Joshi, state organising secretary.The ABVP initiated a signature campaign at CST station on Friday inviting common citizens to request the north-eastern natives not to leave town.However, just like Friday, the Saturday morning LTT-Guwahati Express is expected to be full to capacity. \"Several from Navi Mumbai, in particular, will board the train. There is no situation of violence but their families back home want them to return until the threat passes,\" Joshi says. \"We are handing out pamphlets urging them to come back soon.\"My Home India, a socio-cultural NGO that works for the welfare of persons from the northeastern, has an active helpline 93211-27704 through the year to serve cancer patients and students that flock to Mumbai. \"Over the past two or three days though, we have received around 225-250 phone calls from natives worried about the security situation. The fear psychosis is palpable. We counselled at least 60-70 people on Friday,\" says volunteer Sadashiv Chavan.Harmony Foundation has also opened a helpline with three numbers 8898137488, 9867513414 and 8976341108 to allay fears.Friday evening's bomb blast at Pimpri Chinchwad in Pune drew a fresh flood of anxious calls. \"We are now visiting localities where northeasterners live in clusters, say Mira Road, to assure them of our support. We are even considering putting them up in the homes of our karyakartas until the situation normalises,\" Chavan says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15539044", "title": "High-risk pregnancies on rise, say doctors", "text": "MUMBAI: With rising age of first-time mothers as well as women delivering despite battling chronic diseases, dealing with high-risk pregnancies seems to be emerging as a medical branch in itself.If Sharifa Sheikh gave birth to a third child despite her 42 years of age and kidney disease, it was a culmination of months of close monitoring by her gynaecologist. \"Sharifa was extremely high-risk because her previous deliveries too were done by Caesarean section. Her blood pressure was very high and her kidneys were not functioning too well,'' said Dr Anjali Talwalkar, who delivered Sharifa's boy on July 31.Gynaecologist and infertility specialist Dr Mukesh Agarwal concurs that high-risk pregnancies are on the rise. He says one-third of his patients can be categorised as high-risk pregnancy cases. \"We are seeing many older women getting pregnant for the first time, increasing the risk of growth retardation in the foetus,\" he said. Moreover, as many older women undergo infertility treatment, there is a higher chance of multiple pregnancies.A case in point is when Piyush and Chetna Agarwal (names changed) walked into Arush IVF Centre after 17 years of marriage with a request for a child. The woman got pregnant soon thereafter, but the medical problems had just begun. \"We realised the mother had a rare auto-immune disease called lupus that was affecting the hearts of the unborn twins,'' said Dr Agawaral. Then began the most difficult part of the pregnancy: ensuring that the twins are alive even as their mother's health doesn't suffer. \"We had to give her specialised treatment as well as oxygen therapy and monitor her on a 24x7 basis to ensure the pregnancy carries on for the longest possible time,'' he said. While one of the twins didn't make it, the other was born a month back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15543686", "title": "Third Regional Science Centre to come up in Chalakudy, Kerala", "text": "THRISSUR: In order to provide informal education to students in five districts of the state, the third Regional Science Centre (RSC) is coming up at Chalakudy in Kerala.The centre, which is coming under the Kerala State Science and Technology Museum (KSSTM) will enable students to conduct experiments and research programmes in science. It is constructed on four acres of land near Panampilly Memorial Government College, at a cost of nearly Rs 4 crore.Students in high schools in Malappuram, Palakkad, Thrissur, Ernakulam and Idukki districts will benefit to conduct experiments and research related to Physics, Chemistry and Mathematics at the centre. Arun Gerald Prakash, director of KSSTM said, \" the centre will have facilities like library which will have national and international science journals, exhibits of planets, miniature model of microscope and other equipment related to science. Students in colleges also can take up small scale research and experiment works and can conduct it here. This is the third RSC in the state\".B D Devassy, Chalakudy MLA said, \"the foundation for the construction of the centre was laid in 2010 and had allotted Rs 123 lakhs. LBS centre for Science and Technology had conducted soil test to set up the centre. With the approval of the executive committee of the KSSTM, we can start work of it\". The existing two RSCs are sitauted in Thiruvananthapuram and Kozhikode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15539985", "title": "MPs across party lines seek temporary ban on social media", "text": "NEW DELHI: Technology appeared to be the prime villain of the piece with MPs cutting across party lines demanded banning of social media like Facebook, Twitter and You Tube, which were blamed for spreading rumours and causing unrest.The short message of the two-hour debate \u2014 held both in Rajya Sabha and Lok Sabha \u2014 was 'shoot the messenger.'JD(U)'s Sharad Yadav said that there was need to identify the rumour mongers. He, however, challenged the government that authorities will be unable to catch the culprits blaming You Tube videos, Twitter and Facebook for inciting people.In RS, SP's Ram Gopal Yadav said that blogging, SMSs and Twitter had aided in worsening the situation and suggested that social media should be banned for a short period at least.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15539300", "title": "Dhanashree was alive when taken to hillock", "text": "NAGPUR: The murder of 19-year-old Dhanashree Ramteke, BCom final year student, has left entire city stunned. It has now come to fore that Dhanashree was alive even after being strangulated by her lover Dharamveer Chouhan. Her life was snuffed out by twisting her neck minutes before the body was set afire with the help of a truck tyre and petrol on the slope of the forested hillock at Gorewada on August 14.Gittikhadan police was granted the custody of the Dharamveer Chouhan and accomplice Pankaj Rautkar till August 23 after producing the duo before a holiday court on Friday. Senior police inspector of Gittikhadan police station Chakshupal Bahadure was satisfied after the court granted the entire period of custody he had sought for conducting a thorough investigation. He said the court considered the brutality of the murder and the focus required to probe the case.Chouhan and Rautkar were nabbed a day earlier after Dhanashree's charred body was traced on Wednesday. She was identified with the help of the slipper apart from the nail paint on the left leg digits that escaped burning. While nonchalant Chouhan and Rautkar stood in the court, PI Bahadure read out the crux of the detailed application for seeking custody before the court. He highlighted the brutality of the act by the accused. The senior PI said the police needed to know whether there was any other person involved in the case apart from recovering the rope used to strangle the victim.It is learnt that Chouhan, a MCom student, was upset with Dhanashree for mingling with other boys. Dhanashree had gone to a movie with another friend. An infuriated Chouhan summoned her at Rautkar's place at Gorewada. The lovers, it is learnt, had good time with drinks and later in the bed before Chouhan started strangling Dhanashree. Rautkar too was present at the house at that time.Police now know that Dhanashree had collapsed at Rautkar's place but she did not die. The assailants, believing her dead, ferried an unconscious Dhanashree on her two wheeler through a desolate road with the intention to dispose of the body. They were surprised when Dhanashree made sounds as if she was choking. The duo strangled her further on the road rendering her motionless again. She was taken up the hillock where Dhanashree is again learnt to have made some more movements. At this point the duo twisted her neck to silence her forever.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15543428", "title": "Birds &amp; brushes", "text": "Nidhi and Rajnish Jain recently hosted the preview opening of \"Birds Butterflies and Henry Moore\", an exhibition of paintings by artist Ravi Gossain. The evening witnessed a lot of intellectual art talk, with a generous serving of wine for the guests.The large frames of abstract paintings depicting birds and butterflies by the artist were discussed and debated in many corners of the art gallery, with every art lover coming up with his own interpretation. \"Henry Moore is someone I idolise. This is in honour of that great man. He was to art what Ghalib was to poetry,\" Gossain,who had also painted artist MF Husain some years ago, told us. He looked every bit like a whimsical artist with his snowy white hair and glasses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15543068", "title": "Bobby Singh to present Bhojpuri Chulbul Pandey", "text": "Director turned actor, Bobby Singh is coming up with his next Bhojpuri venture 'Chalbaaz Chulbul Pandey'. Produced under the banner of Preeti Films Entertainer this film is full of comedy and action. This is the first time that Bobby Singh and Manoj Pandey will be sharing screenspace.There are a total of 10 songs in the film. The music and video rights of the movie have been sold at a very high price. And the audio of this movie will soon be available.Boby Singh, Manoj Pandey, Rakhi Tripathi, Ritu Mehra and many other stars have acted in the movie. Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538603", "title": "Commonwealth Games lights stolen from 90-foot-high poles", "text": "NEW DELHI: Not only have foundation nuts been stolen from the high mast poles on the Commonwealth Games stretches in southeast Delhi, even lights have been stolen from the top of 90-foot-high poles.Sources in the power department confirmed that at least a dozen such complaints have been registered in the past few months in three police stations of southeast Delhi \u2014 Shakarpur, Mandawli and Pandav Nagar.\"Ever since these stretches were developed due to the Commonwealth Games, thieves find it lucrative to steal fixtures from these lights, which are extremely expensive. Installation of each high mast light costs Rs 5 lakh. The thefts have taken place mainly along ITO Chungi, Noida Mor and near Akshardham,\" said a source.When TOI contacted police in east Delhi, they claimed that no theft case had been registered yet and they were \"examining the complaint\". \"We have received the complaint that a few lights have been stolen recently. We are examining the complaint. No case has been registered yet,\" said a senior police official in the area.Sources said such a theft involving technical knowledge could not be the handiwork of local drug addicts or petty thieves and must have been carried out by a professional gang. To steal these lights, thieves have to know the location of a 'trapdoor' located near the base of the pole to open a box and don't need to climb up to dismantle the lights. \"This door is at some height, but can be accessed easily. The door has been stolen by thieves on several occasions as well,\" said a senior PWD official.Thieves have to locate the wheel in this box which is attached to a pulley and a steel rope. \"At least two people are required to turn the wheel as the lights are quite heavy. The steel rope and pulley bring the lights down if the wheel is turned on one direction and take them up if turned on the opposite direction. This is used for servicing and repairing these lights regularly,\" said the official.The modus operandi indicates that thieves have to be well-coordinated and at least a group of three to four people is required to dismantle and carry these lights away.Officials claim that in the recent months, the thefts have become more \"professional\" by nature. \"Earlier, thieves would target ropes and cables in light poles, and end up damaging them. Now, they use the same way as used to service the light poles,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "15539816", "title": "Two shops catch fire at Calangute", "text": "CALANGUTE: Two shops caught fire in the Calangute fish market in the small hours of Friday causing a loss of 9 lakh.Rupesh Sawant, fire officer at the Pilerne fire station, said that the incident was reported by one of the shop owners to the Calangute police at around 3 am, following which the fire brigade was informed and the fire was put off at 4.30am. Personnel from the Mapusa fire station also joined in the operations.The shops belong to Bapu Aroskar and Prashant Nagvenkar. While the shop belonging to Aroskar is a grocery shop which supplies provisions to hotels, the shop belonging to Nagvenkar was stocked with spices, masala packets, etc.It is learnt that the fire was first noticed by a passerby who saw smoke emanating from the shops. Since he knew one of the shop owners, Bapu Aroskar, he called him on the phone and informed him. On receiving the information, Aroskar rushed to the site and immediately called the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15539080", "title": "Noida industrialists want to shift to Gujarat", "text": "NOIDA: Industrialists in Noida, who had warned Uttar Pradesh's Samajwadi Party government that they would move out if infrastructure was not improved, have now approached the Gujarat government for land to set up their industries in the state.The Noida Entrepreneurs' Association has written to the Narendra Modi government asking it to provide them plots in Mehsana district so that they could begin industrial operations within two years.The association says it has taken this step because infrastructure facilities continue to be bad in Uttar Pradesh with no sign of improvement. \"Even the big names... like Tata and Maruti have shifted base to Gujarat because the government has built an excellent environment in the state for industrial development,\" said NEA president Vipin Malhan.Industrialists in Noida have complained several times in the past about the \"lackadaisical attitude\" of successive UP governments in meeting basic requirements for the industrial sector to flourish. Primary among their demands have been supply of power round the clock to ensure optimum productivity. \"Far from it, government is now mulling hiking power tariffs for industries,\" said Malhan.While erratic power supply has cut into the profits of industries in UP, Gujarat has attracted them with lower power tariffs. NEA has requested the Gujarat government to make available to them industrial plots ranging between 1,000 and 5,000 sqm in the Mehsana district at government-approved rates. \"If land is provided to us, we will work towards completing all formalities within the next two years to make industries operational immediately thereafter,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15540589", "title": "Gujarat Maritime Board slashes wharfage charges", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Private companies having their captive port facilities along Gujarat are in for some relief in the cargo handling charges.Gujarat Maritime Board (GMB) has reduced wharfage, a charge paid by companies for using a port, on various commodities, most importantly crude oil. It is after nine years that the state ports regulator has revised its schedule of port charges (SOPC). The wharfage has been reduced at GMB's own ports and private jetties also besides the captive ones.Crude oil importing companies like Reliance and Essar, which have their refineries near Jamnagar, as well cement companies like Ambuja, Sanghi Cements and Ultratech which operate captive jetties are expected to get some respite with the reduction.Reliance's Sikka terminal accounts for nearly 30 per cent of GMB's total cargo handled in a year.Captive jetties which earlier paid Rs 36 per tonne on crude oil will now pay Rs 18 per tonne. There are 26 captive jetties in Gujarat, which contribute to nearly 65% of GMB's total cargo. Reliance's Sikka terminal contributes nearly 30 per cent of this volume.While GMB officials say the SOPC rates have been made \"competitive\" to other ports, including Kandla, questions are being raised on the reduction of wharfage for captive jetties, especially those whose set-off period is completed or nearing completion. In a bid to encourage industries to set up facilities along the coast, GMB grants a waiver in wharfage charges (up to 80 per cent) to companies as a set-off against their investment. Once the set-off period is over, companies are required to pay the full wharfage.\"It is highly unlikely that industries that have made huge investments for their facility and captive jetties, shift out of Gujarat. They would anyway pay the full wharfage after their set-off period is over,\" a senior government official told TOI.However, another official argued: \"If we have reduced wharfage, companies will have to pay more for charges for berth hire, pilotage and mooring which have been increased.\"GMB's chief executive officer Pankaj Kumar, \"The SOPC has been revised to make the rates more competitive against private ports as well as Kandla. We have reduced some charges and hiked some.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15542648", "title": "Spice Girls' secrets to hot bodies during Olympics revealed", "text": "The Spice Girls displayed their trimmed figures at the spectacular Olympics closing ceremony despite becoming mothers and staying away from the limelight for so many years.Sixteen years after the girls band hit it big with their smash single 'Wannabe,' the five females - Victoria Beckham , 38, Geri Halliwell , 40, Emma Bunton , 36, Melanie Chisholm , 38, and Melanie Brown , 37 - looked sexier than ever performing in front of the world's most talented athletes and millions of viewers.Fashion designer Beckham - mom to Brooklyn, 13, Romeo, 9, Cruz, 7, and Harper, 13 months - recently confessed that she loved \"to snack,\" and her healthy go-to treats include fresh fruit and coconut water.After years of yo-yo dieting, Halliwell - mom to Bluebell, 6 - has developed a smarter way to stay in shape.\"Geri is all about yoga, healthy eating - and clothes that flatter her shape,\" Us magazine quoted a source saying.The ' Look at Me ' hitmaker, who wore a Suzanne Neville design at the Olympics, \"is finally comfortable in her own skin. She feels better than ever,\" the source said.Meanwhile, Bunton, mom to Beau, 5, and Tate, 15 months, has credited her slimdown to three-times-a-week workouts.\"Emma likes running on the treadmill. She's very happy with her body these days!\" a source said.After giving birth to daughter Scarlet in 2009, Chisholm - who is known for her tracksuits and trainers - says she feels \"more feminine\" than ever before.The ever-fit star added that she had a blast during the one-night reunion with her bandmates, in which they sang 'Wannabe' and 'Spice Up Your Life' atop London cabs.\"We had the best time!\" she said.And perhaps no Spice Girl is as dedicated to fitness as Brown, mom to Phoenix , 13, Angel, 5, and Madison, 11 months, she hikes and reportedly does 600 sit-ups a day, making it easier to slip into skintight bodysuits like the Zuhair Murad design that she chose to wear on August 12.\"Mel does one- to two-hour treadmill workouts with playlists made by DJ Lindsay Luv,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15539747", "title": "Snail mail telegram still has takers in \u2018fast\u2019 times", "text": "CHENNAI: Did you know that at least 100 people send telegrams every day in the city? Despite high internet penetration and mobile phone use, 10 BSNL offices here handle at least 10 telegrams each.But they cannot be called telegrams anymore, as BSNL often sends the messages through courier. This means the recipient gets the telegram only the next day. The idea of sending a telegram is to hand over an emergency message within half an hour.The few who still use the facility are mostly government officials and advocates, besides those sending wedding wishes to brides and grooms in wedding halls.Government officials and advocates send telegram to register certain communication on record, as telegrams are accepted as a proof of having conveyed a message officially. \"In March and April, we receive IT-related information through telegram. Earlier, several anniversary and birthday wishes used to be conveyed through telegram, but now SMS has taken over,\" said an official in a telegraph office.Priyadarshini Sundar, a software engineer from Anna Nagar, decided to try the old way of wishing a friend in Tambaram on his birthday. \"I went to the telegraph office near SBOA School in Tirumangalam. The officials told me that the message will be delivered only the next day. That's when I came to know that they don't have men to deliver it and hence use local courier,\" she said.Some others said the office didn't accept telegram. \"The Anna Nagar telegraph office refused to take a telegraphic message I wanted to send to a government office in connection with an RTI query,\" said G Balaji, coordinator of PACE Trust, an NGO.BSNL Employees Union Chennai district secretary Sridhara Subramanian said the telegraph department is short-staffed since BSNL downsized the staff strength to 200 after it took over the department from posts and telegraph. Earlier, there were 28 telegraph offices in the city with 800 staff.Now, there are telegraph offices in the following places: Anna Salai, Ethiraj Salai, Mambalam, Guindy, Chengalpet, Anna Nagar, Adyar and Perambur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15540899", "title": "'Doctor' robs new moms of gold chains", "text": "BELGAUM: Authorities of the Civil Hospital in Belgaum city received severe criticism when a baby went missing from the hospital. But it seems they have learnt precious little from the previous experience as two women were robbed of their 'mangalasutras' at the maternity ward.A person dressed as a doctor walked into the ward and approached Saraswathi Narvekar, 25, of Nittur in Khanapur taluk. He sent her helpers out saying he wanted to examine her.Saraswathi said the man asked her to remove her gold chain and place it on the table. He then approached Shubhangi, 20, of Hajgoli village in Chandagad and asked her to do the same.He then injected the women with some solution, asked them to lie down for 30 minutes and walked away with the gold chains. When the women woke up, they realized they had been conned.The panic-stricken women immediately informed the duty nurses, who brought it to the notice of the higher-ups.The gold chains are estimated to be worth Rs 60,000.APMC police have registered a case and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15540906", "title": "CITCO introduces diamond cards for 25% discount", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Board of directors of CITCO in its meeting held on Friday decided to introduce diamond cards, which would provide 25% discount on rooms in Hotel Mountview and Hotel Shivalikview from Monday to Friday.Also in a move to benefit banquet guests, the board has decided that henceforth no lawn charges would be levied for social functions in Hotel Mountview. This facility has been extended as a gesture of goodwill to the public to host banquets in the prestigious five star hotel property of the corporation.The board also approved the grant of revised grade pay and other allowances to the various categories of employees of the corporation including the operational staff working in its hotels. Further the board approved grant of special benefits such as child care leave, fixed travelling allowances, encashment of earned leave along with leave travel concession, assured career progression scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538401", "title": "Law ministry twice advised for auction but coal ministry ignored: CAG", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pointing out that the government extended windfall gains of Rs 1.86 lakh crore to private players by distributing coal blocks without bidding over years, the CAG has said, \"A part of this financial gain could have accrued to the national exchequer by operationalizing the decision taken years earlier to introduce competitive bidding for allocation of coal blocks. Therefore, audit is of strong opinion that there is a need for strict regulatory and monitoring mechanism to ensure that benefit of cheaper coal is passed on to the consumers.\"In a report, which was tabled in Parliament on Friday, the auditor noted that the government had set a cut-off date of June 28, 2004, for distributing blocks through nomination but kept on awarding coal blocks through the screening committee route till 2009. The government could have introduced competitive bidding in 2006 through \"administrative directive\" as advised by the law ministry, the report said. In fact, while the CAG stopped short of asking for cancellation of allocations, it did ask for a review of the decisions.Politically, the latest volley of censures from the auditor will ensure that the focus on \"corruption\" in the allocation of natural resources during the two UPA regimes does not fade away. Buoyed by the three reports, the opposition demanded the PM's resignation saying that the auditor has validated its charge of crony capitalism with free rein to carpet baggers.The government, which had anticipated the onslaught, reacted by rejecting the charge and criticizing the national auditor who has been a source of intense political headache.Official sources said bidding could not be invited for blocks since doing so would have required amending the mining law, a lengthy process which could have proven counter-productive in view of the rising demand for coal for power generation and other industries. Further, they argued that the allocations were done based on recommendations of a screening committee that included representatives of states, including those ruled by the opposition.But the final CAG report has addressed the coal ministry's argument why the ministry could not switch to auction despite strong opinions from within as well as the law ministry since 2004: it would have held up release of coal for crucial consumers. The auditor pointed out that the law ministry had said government could introduce auctions by merely amending the existing administrative procedure and without having to legislate afresh.This opinion is significant as it addresses the concern that enacting a law would hold up distribution of coal. Obviously, CAG stressed, \"Thus, competitive bidding could have been introduced in 2006 as per the advice of the law ministry.\" It also emphasized that the law ministry had left it for the coal ministry to decide which route to take \u2014 administrative or legislative \u2014 for holding auctions.The report also noted that the coal ministry did not stir even when the law secretary repeated the same advice in August 2006.Going into the sequence of how the ministry went on handing out blocks in spite of strong advice to the contrary, the auditor said the then coal secretary had noted in 2004, \"Since there is substantial difference between the price of coal supplied by Coal India and coal produced by captive mining, there is windfall gain for the person who is allotted a captive block.\" The seniormost official of the ministry had argued for a more \"transparent and objective process\" like competitive bidding, but failed to goad the ministry into a rethink. \"Despite such clear advice, coal ministry went ahead for allocation of coal blocks through screening committee for allocation of 38 coal blocks and continued with the process till 2009,\" the CAG said.Altogether, 75 mines with 15.35 billion tonnes of geological reserves of coal were given out to private companies, including 57 open cast mines. The report estimates 6.3 billion of the reserves in open cast mines as recoverable, assuming an extraction rate of 73% for open cast mines and 37% for mixed mines. This is good enough for generating over 50,000 mw for 25 years.CAG has taken the open cast mines alone for calculating the gains. It has first taken the difference between the average sale price of Rs 1,028.42 per tonne for all grades of coal mined from open cast mines by state-run Coal India Ltd and the average production cost of Rs 583 per tonne. Then it has made an allowance of Rs 150 per tonne towards financing cost in line with the coal ministry's suggestion. After adjustment of this allowance, the final benefit has been taken at Rs 295.41 per tonne for the extractable reserve.The final CAG report, however, is silent on one count: the final report does not argue against giving coal blocks to private cement, steel and power plants \u2014 existing or proposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15540901", "title": "No progress in murder of food outlet manager", "text": "LUDHIANA: Even though 11 days have passed since the murder of Maninder Kaur, manager of a food outlet in the city, cops have fumbled to make a headway in the murder case and are sucked in a jurisdiction row. The motive behind the crime remains unascertained too.The alleged accused, Sandeep Kaur, who made an abortive suicide bid, hasn't revealed anything to the police and is under treatment at the civil hospital.Station House Officer, Sadar, Harinder Singh Chameli said they have collected enough evidence to nail Sandeep Kaur and her husband Deepraj Singh but they have not questioned them as the matter is under division no 1 (Kotwali) police station. Harinder said cops would issue production warrant after Sandeep is discharged from the hospital. He said that Sandeep tried to commit suicide in the area which comes under the jurisdiction of Kotwali police station so they have not yet interrogated her.Harinder revealed that three months ago, Sandeep stayed with Maninder as paying guest and even after leaving the place, she continued to stay in touch with Maninder. He said that in the preliminary investigation, they have come to know that a case of snatching had been registered against Sandeep and Deepraj in Zira area. Harinder said the suspected accused had a weapon which they forced Maninder to keep in her safe custody.SHO said that it has come to light that Maninder constantly refused to keep the weapon with her and asked the suspected couple to take it back. He said that they have acquired the CCTV footage of the Mall on the day when Maninder was killed. Harinder said that on the night of murder, Maninder and the suspected accused watched a movie in a multiplex located on Ferozepur road but they left it in the middle.The SHO said Sandeep and Deepraj are drug addicts and under the influence of drugs, they decided to kill Maninder.Station House Officer, Kotwali, Surinder Mohan said they are unable to question Sandeep as she is in hospital. He said that both police stations would grill her jointly. He said that with regard to her suicide attempt in a hotel in Bhadour House area, they would initiate a probe soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15538478", "title": "Shukla draws 15 lakh, disposes zero case", "text": "LUCKNOW: After being removed as principal secretary, health, senior IAS officer joined the Revenue Board, but an RTI query has found that in the period from April 2011 to March 2012, he did not even dispose of a single revenue-related case. He, however, drew a salary of Rs 15.01 lakh in the same period.Shukla, a well-connected bureaucrat, had been NRHM mission director but was removed after the murder of two CMOs in Lucknow. Shukla, an accused in the Rs 5,700-crore NRHM scam, was arrested in May this year, but got bail on August 8 after CBI failed to charge-sheet him within the stipulated 90 days. He has since joined the Revenue Board.The RTI query was filed by a city-based activist and the reply was furnished by the office of the chairman, board of revenue, UP. Shukla had assumed office on April 8, 2011. In the period between April 2011 and March 2012, the officer was on leave for 75 days. And, in the remaining period, no final decision was taken in any case referred to him.The petitioner had asked the following questions to the office of the chairman of the revenue board. A) When did Shukla join as member revenue board? B) How many times was he allowed to leave the station between April 2011 and April 2012? C) How many cases were disposed by Shukla as member of the revenue board?The chairman's office replied Shukla, who took charge on April 8, 2011, was on leave from January 13 to January 30, 2012, February 1 to February 28, 2012, March 12-14, 2012 and March 16-20. Further, Shukla visited the US for 22 days from June 27, 2011 to July 18, 2011.The reply to the third query revealed that between April 2011 and March 2012, Shukla disposed of 'zero' revenue related cases placed before him. Though the exact month-wise figure of cases placed before him was not available, documents provided by the office of the chairman revenue board showed that the number of cases heard by Shukla was far less in comparison to other members of the revenue board. For example, in May 2011, 159 cases were listed for Shukla, but hearing took place in only two. In comparison, 550 cases were listed for his colleague, Vijay Shankar Pandey, of which hearing took place in 196 cases. Similarly, 840 cases were listed for NS Ravi, of which hearing took place in 422.To the last query, how much money was paid to Shukla as salary and travel allowance between April 2011 and April 2012, the office of the chairman revenue board replied that Rs 15.01 lakh was paid Shukla between April 1, 2011 and March 3, 2012 as salary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15539438", "title": "Power outrage: Citizens blame state, MSEDCL", "text": "NAGPUR: Residents of Orange City expressed shock over the unprecedented power tariff hike and slammed MSEDCL and state government for completely ignoring common people burdened by inflation. Many slammed Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) for granting all the demands of MSEDCL that has shown no sign of raising its performance.Power expert R B Goenka said, \"It is surprising that the order was issued within 15 days of public hearings. The order is disastrous for industries and it will break the back of common people. Now that all of MSEDCL's demands have been met, hopefully there would be no further tariff hikes till the next tariff order.\" VIA president Prafull Doshi also condemned the hike.Prominent businessman B C Bhartia said it was unfortunate that when all the states were competing for investment, Maharashtra was increasing power tariff by 20%. \"Apparently, the government does not want more industries in the state,\" he said.BJP MLA Devendra Fadnavis said state government had turned a blind eye to rampant corruption in its power companies. \"There are massive irregularities in coal purchase. Mahagenco's units are artificially made to generate less so that MSEDCL can buy power from private players. The tariff has gone up due to such corrupt practices,\" he charged.Ravi Kaskhedikar, secretary of Jan Akrosh, said that MSEDCL had submitted wrong calculations to MERC which, unfortunately, had been approved. \"Compared to 2011-12 the power purchase cost increased by 25 paise but the supply cost increased by 60 paise,\" he pointed out. Consumer activist Rajiv Jagtap said objections regarding poor recovery and theft were ignored by MERC. \"What is the point in holding public hearings and wasting public money,\" he questioned. Devendra Tiwari of Akhil Bharatiya Grahak Kalyan Parishad said that the organisation would launch an agitation next week.Anil Kilor, lawyer, said only honest consumers were bearing the burden as theft and non-payment of bills continued. \"Why no action is taken against MSEDCL officers who are not doing their job,\" he asked. Businesswoman Chanda Sinhababu said the hike was shocking. \"The monthly budgets will increase and both at home and at work. Our maids and employees will demand more which will add to the burden,\" she said.Homemaker Priti Parikh said nowadays most appliances ran on electricity and families would have to face a lot of hardship in paying power bills. \"Every year the bills are increasing,\" she said. PWD contractor Vinay Sahare said that hike would break the back of common people. \"Prices of petrol and water have gone up. Our medical bills have increased due to bad roads. How will common people survive,\" he demanded.NMC contractor Vijay Naidu said, \"My power bills are already high. I don't know how I will pay the increased bills. MSEDCL must crack down on rampant theft. This will automatically bring down the tariff.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "15540910", "title": "Abandoned baby's mother traced", "text": "KARWAR: Karwar rural police on Friday traced the woman who had abandoned her baby under a kiosk opposite Veera Ganapati temple in Amadalli village, Karwar taluk. She had abandoned the newborn male baby on Tuesday.Madhav Nayak, president of district Jana Shakthi Vedike, brought the baby to Karwar town, admitted it to the district hospital and submitted a memorandum to look for the baby's mother.Ashwini Durgekar (name changed), 21, of Toduru admitted that she was the mother of the child born out of wedlock. She said Raghavendra Tandel, 25, a resident of the same village, who works in Seabird naval base, was the father of the child. Ashwini lives with her mother and has no father.Police have admitted Ashwini to the district hospital for treatment. Meanwhile, Raghavendra's father was informed about Ashwini. While saying he was not aware of his son's relationship with Ashwini, he said he would have agreed for the marriage if the two had approached him. Madhav Nayak said he would get the two married after Ashwini was discharged from the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15540633", "title": "\u2018Killer\u2019 CTU bus slams schoolgirl on cycle", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Buses of CTU fleet continue to spill blood on city roads. Exactly a month after a bus badly injured schoolgirl Anupama, leading to her death at PGI some days later, another low-floor bus from the UT's public transport body crashed into a Class X girl pedalling to school. The girl has been admitted to PGI with serious head injuries.The bus slammed Pooja, a resident of Janta Colony in Sector 56, from the rear at the Sector-43 Judicial Academy rotary at 7.55am on Friday when she was on way to Government High School, Sector 35. The girl's father is a migrant labourer.Three other students cycling with her were unhurt. Such was the impact, that Pooja's cycle was smashed beyond repair.The bus driver, Shamsher Singh, was arrested.Alkesh Yadav, an eyewitness and a shopkeeper in Attawa, said, \"The girl was hit by the right front wheel of bus and her head hit the road hard when she fell.\"The injured girl was take to to Sector-16 Government Multispeciality Hospital (GMH) in a private vehicle, and then referred to PGI.Rajeev Kumar, in charge of Sector-43 police post said prima facie it appeared the driver was speeding and did not even slow down at the roundabout.Pooja's school teachers also reached PGI on coming to know about the accident. \"Pooja is a quiet student and we will provide all necessary help,\" said Seema Sharma, one of her teachers.Anupama, 17, a student of Government Model Senior Secondary School-18, was hit by a CTU bus near a bus stop in Sector 18 on July 17. She breathed her last at PGI on July 24. Her parents had recently filed a complaint in the state consumer forum against PGI authorities, blaming them for her death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15538830", "title": "'Traditional knowledge not outdated'", "text": "RANCHI: \"Traditional knowledge is dynamic and evolves on its own, it is only when technical and modern knowledge is forced over it that the desired result is not achieved\". This was the statement of professor emeritus, JNU, PS Ramakrishnan who was speaking over the issue of current challenges of governance of commons in India and world during a two-day international conference on governance of commons and livelihood security organized jointly by the Xavier's Institute of social service (XISS), Ranchi and All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), New Delhi.The conference being attended by leading speakers, thinkers and researchers in economics is making an effort to understand the role of economic system in bringing democracy to grass roots levels and ensuring livelihood security for the common man.Answering a question raised during the interactive session, Ramkrishnan said it was wrong to believe that traditional knowledge is outdated and rigid. \"Instead it keeps evolving in the community by practice and experience and finds solutions on its own to the emerging problems,\" he said. He was answering to a question raised by an XISS student, hailing from Mizoram. She asked if traditional knowledge had any relevance in modern times citing example of Jhoom cultivation which has endangered biodiversity of the region.Offering solution to the query raised, Ramakrishanan said that marriage of modern technology and traditional knowledge is the only way out to ensure participation of common people in decision making and ensuring sustainability of livelihood.Earlier, the conference was inaugurated by director Tata Institute of social sciences (TISS), Guwahati, Virginius Xaxa and key note address was presented by noted environmentalist and champion activist against bio-engineered food grains Vandana Shiva. She laid emphasis on people's participation in deciding farm methods and their consent in adoption of new technology. She elaborately discussed the need for changing the approach to development by keeping the humans development at the center of every decision.Speaking on 'Fate of commoners: why people resist displacement', former director Bagaicha father Stains Swami said the indigenous people in Jharkhand have put up a fierce fight against the strong capitalists in preserving their natural treasure. \"It is the fear of being displaced that encouraged tribals in Jharkhand to stand in protest against big companies like Mittal, Posco , Jindal and others besides their own government,\" he said citing the example of recent uprising in Nargi village where villagers have announced not to part with their land for the educational institutions. \"Indigenous people are completely dependant on nature and natural resources for their livelihood and any effort to uproot them in the name of development is strongly resisted everywhere in the World,\" he said.Activist and crusader against destruction of forest Sanjay Basu Mallick in his address enumerated findings of Nobel prize winner Amartya Sen's concept of development in which he has underlined the need for empowering the 'excluded' people. \"The notion of mother earth is fast emerging around the globe with Bolivia being the first country to adopt it technically,\" he said drawing analogy with Sen's theory of attention to education, healthcare and land distribution as the panacea for sustainable development in the market driven world of today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538913", "title": "Helpline set up for northeast students, protest meet today", "text": "NEW DELHI: As new cases of students from the Northeast returning home in panic were reported from Chennai, more than 200 students from states like Manipur, Assam , Nagaland , Arunachal Pradesh , among others, gathered at the Arts Faculty to discuss the issue on Friday.After the public meeting, students decided to stage a demonstration against the incidents at Jantar Mantar on Saturday to create awareness and to demand action against those who spread rumours.To quell students' fears in Delhi and adjoining areas, Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) has started a Northeast Helpline under the aegis of 'Arunodaya' since Thursday evening and the information is being shared through posters in college campuses.State secretary of ABVP, Rohit Chahal, said, \"The idea is to ease the tension prevailing among students from northeastern states and help them in the time of crisis. ABVP activists will keep a vigil in sensitive areas to help out students. We are keeping a watch in areas like Christian Colony near the North Campus where a lot of students from these states stay in rented accommodation\". While sources in Northeast Helpline did not report any incident from the NCR, the Federation of Northeastern Students met Delhi Police officials and members of Parliament.Debarun Baruah from Assam, who is convener of Arunodaya, said the proactive role of student representatives from these states and intervention of Delhi Police had helped maintain calm in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15539211", "title": "Umra villagers demand change in site of BRTS bridge", "text": "SURAT: People of Umra village have started an agitation to demand shifting of the site of the proposed Rs 88 crore Umra-Pal BRTS Bridge. They have threatened of an aggressive agitation and also submitted a memorandum to municipal commissioner in this regard.In their memorandum, the villagers said the proposed approach road of the bridge planned up to SVNIT junction towards Umra passes through the densely populated area of 21 societies. The administration will have to demolish at least 100 houses in the village and an old temple for the road.\"We have suggested a different site near Rahul Raj Mall on Surat-Dumas Road. If a bridge joining DP Road is built, there will be no need to carry out demolition in the village,\" Ramesh Patel, a resident of Umra, said.Dumas Kishor Bindal, Hitendra Gamit and Suchitra Patel, BJP corporators from Icchanath, support the villagers. Bindal told TOI, \"We have made representations at all the levels and are considering various options.\"City unit BJP president Purnesh Modi said, \"We have postponed the decision of approval of the estimates of the bridge in public works committee. We have asked for a detailed study on it.\" The bridge will be 889 metre long including an approach of 103 metres on Umra and 116 metres on Pal side. It will have a width 24.80 metres and a coverage area of 7.5 metres on both sides.At present, on the lower stretch of Tapi river, which passes through the city, two bridges are in existence.The Sardar Bridge is at Athwa Gate and Hajira Bridge is 8.35 km further down towards Dumas. A cable stayed bridge is coming up is 1.5 km off Sardar Bridge. The proposed Umra-Pal Bridge will come 1.65 km further away from the cable-stayed bridge site. The distance between proposed Umra-Pal bridge and Hajira Bridge will be 5.25 km.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538817", "title": "PWD has to repair roads by October", "text": "NEW DELHI: The city may get better roads by October-end. Officials of the PWD on Friday were instructed by PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan to complete all paperwork during monsoon so that road repair can be completed by October.In a meeting on Friday, the minister told maintenance department officials that all the roads recently taken over by PWD from the municipal corporations should be repaired at the earliest.\"Many roads that previously belonged to MCD are in very bad shape. These roads need to be repaired at the earliest. The minister has asked officials to use the monsoon time to finish paperwork, so that work can be started on ground at the earliest. In monsoon, on ground work can't be done,\" said a PWD source.PWD had earlier received a grant of Rs 250 crore to kickstart work on roads that once belonged to Municipal Corporation of Delhi and were in bad shape for years.After taking over 645 kilometres of these roads from MCD, Delhi government had handed them over to PWD along with a preliminary grant of Rs 250 crore. The government has already got a study conducted by central road maintenance circle, Roorkee to determine the kind of work required to be done on these roads.Officials had earlier promised that most of the tender process for construction of the roads would be completed by May-end earlier this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15539405", "title": "Cold mix viability to be decided after a month", "text": "NASHIK: The decision on the viability of continuing to use cold mix technology to repair potholes in the citywill be taken within a week by the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC).The civic body used this technology, which as been also been used in Mumbai, due to its long-lasting quality but the NMC has found that the treatment is four times more expensive. has filled up potholes on trial basis in certain locations in the city using cold mix, a technology used in Mumbai for long-lasting repair of potholes, The the civic body has discovered that the method is but has found that it is four times more expensive.Therefore the decision regarding the viability of this road repair technology would be taken by the NMC within a month. Hot mix that is usually used to construct andrepair roads cannot be used during the rainy season, which is why the potholes were being filled with gravel, sand and murum. But the quality and life of the latter is very poor. Municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare, had therefore announced the use of cold-mix on August 9.The new method, e cold mixwhich uses polymerised modifier was used on a trial basis to fill up potholes. A public works department engineer of the NMC's public works department said that they would observe results of the technology after a month and then decide if its use should be continued. it can be used.\"The cost of this technology is four times more than the normal method used in road repair and construction and we have to consider the cost factor,\" said the engineer.He added that the material was of better The engineer said that is quality was not affected by rainwater either. on the material.\"If this method is successful we will use this technology next year during the monsoon,\" the PWD engineer added.The roads stretching from Modern Cafe (on Gangapur Road) towards Gangapur, Hotel Panchavati Elite on Trimbak Road and from Raviwar Karanja to Raje Bahadur petrol pump and have been filled with cold mix.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15539371", "title": "Union cabinet defers decision on state legislative council", "text": "JAIPUR: The Union cabinet on Friday deferred the issue on creation of an Upper House for Rajasthan. Sources said members of the cabinet felt that more discussions were necessary to take a call on creation of the Vidhan Parishad or the Legislative Council.In April this year, the 200-member Rajasthan Legislative Assembly passed a resolution for setting up of the Legislative Council to provide more representation to the people of the desert state. If an Upper House is set up here, the state would have 66 more elected representatives as members of the Legislative Council.Under Article 169 of the Constitution, the state assemblies can pass a resolution for creation of an Upper House. Setting up and repealing a Legislative Council needs the approval of Parliament.At the same time, successive governments in the southern state of Tamil Nadu have taken contradictory stands on the issue of a legislative council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15540581", "title": "Thousands offer Alvida Namaz", "text": "KANPUR: Thousands of people offered Alvida Namaz at various mosques on the occasion of last Friday of the holy month of Ramzan. A large congregation of namazis was seen at Yateemkhana mosque.The namazis dressed up in white kurta pajama bowed down their heads together while offering prayers and prayed for the well-being of the country and the community.The clerics said that the last Friday of Ramzan, popularly called Alvida, holds importance as a result of all members of the community reach mosques and offers namaz.'Alvida' implies bidding farewell to the sacred month of Ramzan before Eid. Children could also be seen standing in queues to, accompanied by guardians, offering namaz.It is believed that Allah always listens to the prayers done on 'Alvida', therefore, this day holds a lot of importance.Javed, a namazi, said, \"This entire month is considered to be a month of prayers and fasting and today we have prayed for the well-being of the citizens of the country.\" Another rozedar said: \"We have prayed for the betterment of the country. The festival of Eid is all about love, brotherhood, peace and prosperity.\"The district administration and the police had made elaborate security arrangements. The traffic diversions were in force in various parts of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15539233", "title": "380 cow hides recovered", "text": "GURGAON: The city police have arrested a cow smuggler and retrieved 380 cowhides from a dumper which was being driven by two people who were moving towards Mewat from Gurgaon. While one was arrested and taken on two days' police remand, the other managed to flee the spot.According to the police, the incident took place near Bhondsi police barricade on Gurgaon-Sohna road on Thursday night around 11pm.\"As the dumper was crossing the barricade, a strong stench raised out doubt. Our team followed the truck and stopped the vehicle near Ghamdauj village. After seeing the police, one of the accused in the truck fled while we were able to nab the second one,\" said a senior police officer.The police took the dumper in their custody and recovered 380 cowhides. The accused has been identified as Imtiyaz, a resident of Teekli Khera village in Faridabad district.\"The accused disclosed before the police that they were going to sell the cow skins and that is why were headed towards Mewat. He has also disclosed the name of his associate, who managed to flee from the spot. He will be arrested soon,\" said Arvind Dahiya, Station House Officer, Bhondsi police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15539509", "title": "To survive, Federation thinks income schemes", "text": "NAGPUR: With no permanent source of revenue to meet its annual expenses of Rs30 crore, the state cotton federation is coming up with some revenue generating schemes. One of them is selling cotton seeds with brand name Mahacot. Done on experimental basis this kharif season, it has shown some promise but officials say even on an expanded basis next year, it will be able to raise only around Rs5 crore.\"This year we sold 11,000 packets of BGII seeds. It was big success and all packets were sold out within a week. We have now signed a pact with Jalna-based private seed company Krishidhan for a supply of 5 lakh packets of best quality Bt seeds next year. If all goes well, we will be able to earn a profit of Rs5 crore by marketing the seeds,\" said Hirani.\"That will to some extent help in meeting our expenses,\" said an official. Federation also owns a network of 31 warehouses. \"Most of them are located in rural areas and do not fetch much revenue,\" said a federation official. The federation has also sought Centre and state government sanction for permission to function as nodal agency for cotton procurement independent of NAFED and Cotton Corporation of India. So far there is no response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15539720", "title": "Geetika suicide case: Gopal Goyal Kanda arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: After 12 days of high drama, former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda was arrested on Saturday morning even as he surrendered before the police. Kanda left Sirsa at 10.30pm and reached Ashok Vihar police station at 4am where he was arrested.Kanda played hide-and-seek with the cops for around 5 hours with police trying to trace his luxury vehicles to arrest him before he surrendered. However, to everyones shock and cocking a snook at the cops, he arrived in a van with media stickers on it dodging every police picket and barricade on his way.The drama will unfold later in the day with the police waiting to get down to interrogating Kanda who has been on the run ever since his name emerged as an accused in abetting the suicide of MDLR flight attendant Geetika Sharma. Sources said he will now be confronted with Aruna Chadha, a manager in his company.Earlier, his anticipatory bail plea in the case was dismissed by the Delhi High Court on the ground that it has not been filed by the person who is apprehending arrest.Justice PK Bhasin, in his order, said that the accused \"appears to be sitting comfortably somewhere without any apprehension of his arrest by the police\" and his brother Govind Kumar has filed the anticipatory bail application on his behalf without any proper authorization.\"Kanda has surrendered and we have arrested him,\" P Karunakaran, Deputy Commissioner of Police (North-West) told mediapersons.His employee, Aruna Chaddha, a senior functionary with now defunct MDLR airlines, has already been arrested and is in judicial custody in connection with the suicide of Geetika Sharma, who allegedly took her life on August 5 in her Ashok Vihar residence.In her suicide note, Geetika had alleged that Kanda and Chaddha were harassing her to rejoin the former minister's firm after she left the job.The Rohini Court on Thursday issued a Non Bailable Warrant (NBW) against former Haryana Minister Gopal Kanda. The court asked the police to execute the arrest warrant by August 24.Delhi Police had conducted over 60 searches and raids in Haryana, Goa and Siliguri in West Bengal, besides questioning around 30 people. His brother Govind Kanda was also arrested yesterday for allegedly helping Kanda to evade police.Kanda, who was last seen coming out of his Gurgaon residence on August 8, was served with a notice to join investigations on August 7. (With PTI inputs)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15538827", "title": "Bokaro Steel Plant bags Golden Peacock award", "text": "BOKARO: Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) has bagged the country's most prestigious Golden Peacock HR Excellence Award for the year 2012 while 10 of its employees will receive the Prime Minister's Shram Awards for exemplary performance.BSL, a unit of Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL), brought laurels to the state by winning three big awards this year.Apart from the above two, BSL recently received the Times Impact Award and was praised for being most admired central PSU in a function 'Emerging Jharkhand' organized at Radisson Blu by The Times Of India. BSL chief of communication Sanjay Tiwari said the BSL family was very happy receiving the prestigious awards.He said the Prime Minister Shram Award is given to employees in recognition of their distinguished performance, innovative abilities, outstanding contributions in the field of productivity and exhibition of exceptional courage and presence of mind.Shram award is given in three categories. While the names of Basukinath Sharma, Ghanshyam Mandal, Utpal Kumar has been announced for Shram Bhusan, Sheo Kumar Singh, Ayodhaya Kumar Singh, Jaganath Singh, Satish Chandra Mahto will receive Sharam Vir and Birender Singh, Harinandan Prasad Sinha, Damoder Prasad Singh are being awarded with Shram Shri.Tiwari said the Golden Peacock HR Excellence Award is regarded as major recognition framework to mark successes and accomplishments for the HR fraternity in India.The award is bestowed upon organizations that have achieved overall effectiveness in their HR and people management practices, thus contributing to the needs of businesses, employees, industry and the nation.The award was presented by Union minister for corporate affairs and power M Veerapa Moily on Friday in presence of distinguished gathering of business leaders, jurists, academics, environmentalists, economists, legislators and others at Hotel Ashok in New Delhi.The result for this award was declared after a stringent selection process by the awards jury under the chairmanship of former Chief Justice of India and member, UN Human Rights Commission Justice P N Bhagwati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15538988", "title": "In-laws of dead woman fear for lives after murders", "text": "MUMBAI: Shashikant Palve, who murdered his sister's husband and mother-in-law at their Borivli (East) home on Wednesday to avenge her suicide, had not been able to accept that the abetment case lodged against them last year fell through.Shashikant's sister Sunita had hanged herself at her marital home in Sinnar, Nashik, last August. After a case was lodged against her husband Dnyaneshwar Kakad and her mother-in-law Krishnabai, the duo was put in jail. But they got bail in three months. Later, they were acquitted.\"Shashikant (a lifeguard at a beach in rural Thane) does not regret killing the duo at all. He told us he intended to eliminate the entire Kakad clan. Seconds before he slit Dnyaneshwar's throat, he coldly uttered the words, 'Your time has come',\" said investigating officer Gautam Randive of the Dahisar police station.Dnyaneshwar's brothers Baban and Prakash now fear for the safety of their families. \"When Dnyaneshwar and my mother walked out free last year, Shashikant threatened them with dire consequences. He struck exactly a year later-Sunita died on August 12. We are terrified that he will attack us once he is released on bail. He has already threatened us. It happened when he was outside the Dahisar police station after his arrest for the murders,\" said Prakash.Shashikant has told the police that he was convinced about Dnyaneshwar and his mother torturing Sunita to death. \"According to Shashikant, the Kakad family's ancestral farmland in Nashik was divided equally amongst Dnyaneshwar and his two siblings. But despite inheriting a substantial amount of money, Dnyaneshwar never cared for his wife or his kids,\" an official said. Baban and Prakash however claimed that Dnyaneshwar ached to meet his kids but wasn't permitted to do so by the Palves, who had forcibly taken their custody.The Dahisar police, meanwhile, are finding it difficult to trace witnesses in the case. \"Dnyaneshwar and Krishnabai's neighbours were in their houses, when the murders took place, and did not hear anything. Their next-door neighbour is a pregnant woman and was aghast when she opened her door at night and found Krishnabai's blood-soaked body at her doorstep. The only person who spotted Shashikant in the neighbourhood is Dnyaneshwar's close friend, Patrick. He is one of our key witnesses and we are also gathering scientific evidence in the case,\" said a senior police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "15540891", "title": "Escaped prisoner nabbed near Bhatkal", "text": "KARWAR: Notorious criminal Kammaradi Haneef Byari who escaped from Dharwad jail on Thursday was arrested by Bhatkal police in wee hours of Friday. Haneef was arrested with his accomplice Suneel Meti of Dharwad on the outskirts of Bhatkal amid high drama. Haneef hailed from Teerthahalli in Shimoga district. Giving the details K T Balakrishna, superintendent of police, Uttara Kannada, said that Haneef was wanted for murder, robbery, circulating fake currency, attempt to murder and assaulting police officials in different parts of Karnataka. He had escaped from Dharwad jail after assaulting the security staff there. Soon after that nakabandi was conducted to nab him. The SP said that at 2.30am on Friday, police found two persons sleeping in a petrol bunk at Jagatebail on the outskirts of Bhatkal. When police asked them for their identity, the duo tried to attack them with stones. Haneef sped away on his bike. Police arrested Suneel Meti who informed police that the other person was Haneef. Immediately police began searching for him and he was spotted near Haneefabad mosque in Bhatkal. He was arrested. The SP said that Suneel was a small time criminal who was taking care of Haneef in jail by supplying him with food and cellphones. Both are in the custody of Bhatkal police. Pratap Reddy, IGP (Western Range), declared a prize amount of Rs 20,000 to the police personnel who helped arrest Haneef, the SP said. Haneef was trying to escape to Mangalore, said police. He was undergoing life imprisonment. In 2008 he was shifted to Dharwad from Shimoga jail. He is suspected to have a hand in the murder of Venkatesh, president of Hosahalli gram panchayat and murder of JD(S) leader Krishnappa of Nelamangala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15540320", "title": "Govt plans to give agri sector in state a boost", "text": "KANNUR: Agriculture minister K P Mohanan has said the government would not let an agriculture crisis to happen in the state and it would take all steps to ensure the welfare of farmers.\"Though a new agriculture policy is essential for the state, the main problem is that we don't have a favourable environment for agriculture,\" he said after inaugurating an Agro Super Bazaar and launching the Agro Labour Force at Panoor in the district on Friday.He said with the Agro Labour Force, the government aims to attract more youths to agriculture by introducing mechanization and modern technology in farming. The force will be given training in modern farming methods.Also, the government will provide agricultural training in rural areas and take steps to augment agricultural production with the help of Krishi Vigyan Kendras in places like Katampally.Referring to coconut production, the minister said the state stands third among the coconut producers in the country. \"Our aim is to take the state to the first position by attracting more people, including women , to this field. Plans are also afoot to develop new varieties of small coconut palms,\" he said.The government will build bunds across the rivulets and canals to conserve water, said the minister. A programme for the preservation of water bodies will be launched soon. Chief minister Oommen Chandy will inaugurate the programme in Kottayam on September 1, with a programme for the preservation of Kottayam Chira, a large temple pond there. Around 1,000 such water bodies will be preserved under the scheme.The Agro Super Bazar, launched by Kerala Agro Industries Corporation (KAIC), is a one-stop shop for farm-based products. This is the first such bazaar in the district. Similar bazaars are already functional in Thiruvananthapuram, Thiruvalla, Kottarakkara and Thrissur. Traditional farming tools, pesticides, seeds, plant pots, pump sets, modern farming machineries and equipment are available at the bazar.Apart from this, food products like pickles, squash and honey are also sold here.District panchayat president K A Sarala presided over the function.The minister also inaugurated the Farmers' Day celebrations at the T K Narayanan Memorial Hall in Naduvil in the district, where a development seminar was organized as part of the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15538521", "title": "Law university students pay tributes to Satnam, take out candlelight march", "text": "LUCKNOW: Students of Ram Manohar Lohia National Law University held a candle light march in the memory of Satnam Singh Maan (23), an undergraduate student of the university. Satnam went missing a few months back and was found dead under mysterious circumstances at a mental asylum in Kerala on August 4.Deeply moved with the incident, Satnam's friend at Law University held a small prayer and observed a two-minute silence for the departed soul. Those close to him recalled the time spent with Satnam in the university. \"Satnam was a pacifist and a very spiritual person. He had immense theological and philosophical knowledge. He was seeking the knowledge of divinity at forums other than that of Maa Amritanandamayi. With Satnam no more, I feel I have lost a part of myself,\" said Rohit Prajapati, Satnam's best friend and his room mate in the hostel.Pallav Palit who was also close to Satnam said, \"Satnam was working with NGOs and was also teaching at an Ashram in Kollam before this incident occurred. He was among few who would give perspective to people, open a thought process. We looked up to him for his knowledge. Back in Bihar, people respected him for his social commitments.\"Endorsing Pallav's views was Parakram Kakkar, Satnam's former room mate. \"He was dynamic, always thought of others. The boy with such a beautiful mind definitely does not deserve such a tragic end. We want justice for Satnam so that such incidents are not repeated in the future,\" added Parakram.To seek justice, Satnam's brother has moved an application in National Human Rights Commission (NHRC). Students said that if they do not get a positive response, they will also file a writ petition. \"His family does not need compensation. That would do them no good. A life is lost and for that justice should be done,\" said Rohit. The law students will take out a procession at Jantar Mantar on August 19 demanding justice. \"August 19 is Satnam's birthday,\" recalled Parakram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15541059", "title": "Probe underway into surgery mess", "text": "MANGALORE: A probe has been ordered by the Udupi district administration into the surgery botch-up at a Kota hospital that left eight persons with an infected eye. One of the 38 persons operated upon, Narasimha Shetty died following cardiac arrest. \"Yes, he may have undergone stress due to the evisceration during the surgery,\" Udupi district health officer Dr Ramachandra Bairy said. Evisceration is the removal of the eye's contents, leaving the scleral shell and extraocular muscles intact. The procedure is usually performed to reduce pain or improve cosmesis (restoration or cosmetic improvements) in a blind eye, as in cases of inflammation of the internal coats of the eye and its unresponsive to antibiotics. Bhatkal's Sukra, 35, lost his vision. Of the six others, two are undergoing treatment for infection and others have been discharged. \"The infected persons may get only 50-60% of vision. Total recovery is difficult,\" he said. Those infected are Panju Poojary from Brahmavar, Shivaram Jogi from Giliyaru, Manjunath Udupa from Amparu, Sita Poojary from Kundapur, Girija from Saligrama and Narasa Poojary from Koteshwara. Of the 38 persons who underwent the procedure, two contracted infection on the first day, three each on the second and third days. The victims experienced pain or itching within days of the operation. DC MT Reju said the DHO and his team will find out where and how the infection occurred - due to the solution or in the operation theatre. \"If it's because of the solution, then we will report to the government with a plea that action be initiated against the company,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538862", "title": "Miffed armyman climbs tower at Ajmeri Gate", "text": "NEW DELHI: High drama was witnessed near New Delhi railway station on Friday when an Army personnel climbed a 200-feet mobile tower as he was reportedly miffed with his seniors for \"not listening to his problems''.K Muthu, who is attached with engineers regiment, climbed the tower at Ajmeri Gate and stayed there despite the appeals of police officers to come down, a senior cop said. According to Army sources, Muthu is deployed in Kota and has done this \"Sholay like stunt\" earlier in Bangalore too. Sources claim he was absent from his unit since July 7 and he hadn't applied forleave.An inquiry is likely to be ordered soon and action will be taken against him, sources said, adding Muthu had sought retirement from the force. \"Muthu is embarassing the force,\" a source said. Police said that a separate case will be lodged against him.The drama lasted for over one-and-a-half hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15540068", "title": "Study to enhance public transport in Coimbatore in the offing", "text": "COIMBATORE: A proper mobility plan study would be undertaken soon in Coimbatore city with a view to enhance public transport, said Phaninder Reddy, secretary, Housing and Urban Development .Talking to reporters on the sidelines of a three-day Fairpro property exhibition, he said the study would probe the possibilities of enhancing public transport by adopting the most suitable option from metro rail, mono rail and bus rapid transit system. The study would take into account the future needs and aspirations of the city, Reddy said. Tenders would be floated in a month to select the consultant, he said. \"Along with the study, we are preparing to update the completed comprehensive traffic and transport study of the city,'' he added.Reddy said three bus terminals would be constructed soon at Perur, Periyanaickenpalayam, Vadavalli and Madukarai. Among them, Vadavalli would be within corporation limits and the other two would be in neighbouring panchayats. Two truck terminals would also be set up in Karumathampatty and Pooluvampatti. Corporation has been directed to probe suitability of such a truck terminal in Ukkadam,'' said Reddy. Each bus terminus would cost Rs 2.5 crore while the truck terminals would cost Rs 22 crore to Rs 30 crore, he said. The master plan for Coimbatore is under preparation and the issue of public transport and to what extent facilities like metro rail, mono rail or BRTS can be provided would be mentioned in it,\" he added.Earlier, inaugurating the exhibition organised by the Confederation of Real Estate and Development Association of India, he said the department would welcome suggestions from the association and other organisations to improve the planning process and planning parameters to expedite permission requests. \"The number of applications for building plan approvals in the city had gone up in the last few months and there were no complaints of delay in the process of applications,'' he claimed. Lauding the city corporation for receiving the best corporation award, he said the credit goes not only to the city managers, but also the people of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15538531", "title": "Eid-ul-Fitr markets keep city awake", "text": "LUCKNOW: Eid is just round the corner and all the roads of the City of Nawabs lead to tea stalls, hotels, roadside eateries around Aminabad and old city. Though there are other significant items in the shopping list for Eid, it is the food-related items that clearly dominate. During the last five days of Ramzan, shopping does not end in the night. On the contrary, it gains momentum with shopkeepers and traders doing a brisk business.Aminabad, the hub of Eid shopping, remains jam-packed with people, with the teeming crowd moving from one extreme of the market to another. And even after finding that there is no inch of space to move, the shoppers refuse to give up and slowly negotiate their way to reach to their favourite shop.Amid hectic preparations, Muslims are waiting for the moon to be sighted. Every evening, Muslims rush to the mosques to offer the day's last prayer to 'Allah'. Explaining the significance of Eid, Maulana Khalid Rasheed Farangi Mahli, said, \"Eid Allah ki taraf se un sabhi rozedaron ke liye ek inam hai... aur log Eid ki dua mangte hain, Allah usse kabul karta hai (during Eid all people who had kept the fast (roza) are rewarded and Allah accepts their prayers).\" Just after the 'iftar', there are indications that it's fun time. It is also believed that on Eid, Muslims around the world try to show a common goal of unity.Busy with the last minute shopping, streets of Aminabad and Nazirabad are filled with burkha-clad women with men in traditional kurtas and caps. And just after iftar, Muslims throng the area to savour the culinary delights offered to them. From nahari kulche, sheermal, bandgosht, chicken masala, paya mutton and chicken changezi, everything is available. Moin Ahmad, owner of Alamgir Hotel, said, \"It is the best time for the sale of nahari and a minimum of 30 plates are sold everyday.\" From the roadside eateries to the glitzy restaurants, the festival is simply a foodie's delight.While women indulge in buying bangles, ittar, carpets, chappals, salwar kameez, men hunt for kurta pyajamas, and designer caps. The demand for Lakhnawi 'chikankari' reaches its pinnacle before Eid. The glamour that the market displayed is soothing to the eyes. And even the high prices fail to dampen the festive spirit. \"Eid comes once a year and we don't compromise on anything. Everything, right from garments to jewellery has to be new,\" said Ramsha Rizvi, a teenager.What's exciting is that the shopkeepers, especially those selling garments are giving good discounts to woo customers. \"The shopkeepers have hired tailors so that it's a do-it-all at one go. It saves a lot of time,\" said Sufia Khan, a housewife.But for Yusuf Raza, Eid is all about Eidi. \"It's the best part of the festival. Even though I earn now, but getting Eidi from my relatives and elder ones is such an unforgettable moment,\" said Raza. Eidi is generally given in cash but nowadays, gifts are also popular.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15539389", "title": "SC: Can\u2019t spare Samaritans from being witnesses, enough laws to protect", "text": "NEW DELHI: Good Samaritans who save the lives of hit-and-run victims by rushing them to hospitals cannot be given immunity from appearing in court as witnesses, the Supreme Court said on Friday, but it agreed to examine additional measures to insulate them from harassment.Petitioner NGO 'Save Life Foundation' had requested the court to streamline the law to protect those who save lives from the harassment of being summoned as witnesses and being asked to appear repeatedly before cops and trial courts. The Centre had agreed that it was time to discuss such measures.But a bench of Justices B S Chauhan and Swatanter Kumar said, \"If a person has witnessed an accident, it would be unfortunate in law to ask whether he wants to be a witness or not.\" When the petitioner's counsel Indu Malhotra pressed further, it said, \"A legal system cannot have the luxury that a witness be given discretion whether or not to appear before court. You can forget that.\"Build infrastucture on NHs to help victims: SCThe Supreme Court sought suggestions from petitioner NGO Save Life Foundation on ways and means to protect good Samaritans helping hit-and-run victims from harassment during probes at the hands of police and during trial proceedings in courts. The bench said there was no dearth of law in protecting witnesses in such cases.However, the court was dissatisfied with the medical infrastructure on highways to deal with accident victims. It said building adequate infrastructure to handle accident victims and trauma patients was the need of the hour and criticized the National Highways Authority of India for paying scant attention to this crucial aspect.The court asked additional solicitor general Siddharth Luthra to suggest the composition of an expert committee to monitor implementation of laws and schemes that are meant to help accident victims. Luthra, in his written submissions, had said \"a committee comprising experts from the ministries of law and justice, home affairs, HRD, health, road transport... could be considered\" for the purpose.The NGO which filed the PIL to seek immunity for good Samaritans had sought a mandate from the Supreme Court to the effect that \"bystanders/passersby, who help bring an accident victim to hospital or provide first aid on the scene of accident while waiting for police or ambulance to arrive, should not be forced to reveal their identities or details if they so desire\".It said they \"should not be compelled to visit the police station for recording of statement or other paper work, and as far as practicable, they should be examined at place of residence/workplace\".It had also sought a direction from the court to provide immunity to such people who render assistance to accident victims in distress, from personal civil liability in respect of the act in good faith of providing emergency assistance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538589", "title": "Woman shot at, husband under cloud", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 26-year-old woman was shot at by a biker in west Delhi's Tagore Garden area on Friday morning. Cops suspect the involvement of the victim's husband in the incident after her family alleged that he has been threatening to kill her ever since they separated.The incident was reported around 11.30am on Friday at Tagore Garden Extension . According to cops, the victim, Pinky, was standing in the lane outside her D block house when the biker approached her and shot her leg. Police officials believe she was being closely watched.The woman was rushed to Guru Govind hospital. Though she is out of danger, her statement is yet to be recorded. Pinky got married around four years ago and has a son. Sources said that her husband worked as a driver at the same hospital before marriage. However, he has been unemployed for the past few years. The couple frequently argued over his financial status, which could be a reason they separated, say cops.\"Pinky's family told us that he has been threatening to kill her for six months. Her husband is absconding after the incident and that's why the needle of suspicion points at him. We tried to contact him for questioning but to no avail. We will interrogate Pinki's in-laws soon,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15539932", "title": "India\u2019s Mars mission triggers aid row in UK", "text": "LONDON: The announcement of India's Mars mission has sparked another round of tabloid-driven controversy over the wisdom of sending \u00a3280 million of British aid to India every year when the country can afford costly space programmes.The mission to Mars was announced by PM Manmohan Singh during the Independence Day speech in New Delhi on Wednesday.Sending British aid overseas has become a sensitive issue in the context of recession, deep funding cuts and major job losses as the David Cameron government deals with a large budget deficit. However, the budget for aid overseas has not been reduced, prompting demands to stop sending aid to increasingly prosperous countries like India.The Daily Express reported anger had \"erupted\" after India announced plans for the Mars mission, and quoted two MPs demanding end to aid for India. It quoted Conservative MP Philip Davies as saying, \"This is a perfect illustration of why it is absolutely ridiculous for us to be giving nearly \u00a3300 million a year in aid to India. If they can afford to have a high-tech mission to Mars they can afford to look after their own people without British taxpayers having to put their hands in their pockets for money they haven't got.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15540702", "title": "Northeast exodus: A one-way ticket to home", "text": "Baithi lay sprawled on the floor of Chennai Central railway station on Friday evening. He had his last meal of sambhar, rice and pickle at a ramshackle eating joint at Srinivaspurum more than 10 hours ago. Waiting for the Bangalore-Guwahati Express, the 40-year-old from Darjeeling looked haggard.\"They say we will be killed if we stay here. I don't know where I will get my next meal, but I am leaving ,\" said Baithi, a contract labourer at Chennai port. About 15km away, James, Jennifer and Solomon, all in their twenties and all hailing from Nagaland , were enjoying the evening in the balcony of their rented house in Taramani. \"The rumours are baseless ,\" said James, who works with an IT company in Tidel Park. Solomon, a TCS employee, was nonplussed as he listens to the news of people leaving the city.\"We feel safe here. We've never had a problem .\" said Jennifer, who teaches in a primary school in Sholinganallur. When cruel rumours have a field day, it's a class struggle out there. That's when the friendless Baithis flee for their lives and the reassured Jennifers stay put. That's when the blue collar is drenched in the sweat of fear; when the lathi-wielding policeman's promises to protect him don't match the scare of the unknown. That's when some 2,000 of the working class squeeze themselves in the aisles and toilets of unreserved train coaches, leaving their livelihood to get back to their homeland they love yet dread. Most of them were tired even before the gruelling 48-hour train journey to Assam followed by another overnight bus journey to Manipur or Nagaland. Sustenance had brought them here.Ngalu from Manipur works in BYD Electronics which pays him Rs 6,000 a month. His friend Alang has been receiving frantic calls from his family. \"You can earn only if you are alive,\" his mother had told him. The official statements offering police protection rarely reach the huddles of the working class.\"All they get to hear are the rumours,\" says Dharam Singh, who works for the branches of an oriental restaurant in Chennai and Bangalore. He took a train to Guwahati along with his wife and three-week-old baby. Charles, who came to Chennai five years ago to work in a sugar manufacturing company, said whether the threat was real or not, he could no longer say no to his mother who insists that he returns home. \"I have been sending Rs 2,000 every month. She says she doesn't want the money. She wants me back,\" he said. They all know things are not better in their native towns in the northeast. \"Once the situation improves, we will return here,\" said Angeu of Assam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15537984", "title": "Special to play Test at home: Pragyan Ojha", "text": "HYDERABAD: The retirement of Anil Kumble and Harbhajan Singh's apparent loss of form has forced Team India to look out for a fresh pair of spinners. In left-armer Pragyan Ojha and offie R Ashwin , India seem to have found another pair of spinners who could stay the course. The duo did well against the West Indies in the last home series and Ojha is looking forward to another good show against New Zealand in the forthcoming Test series. The 25-year-old spoke to TOI about how he is gearing up for the challenges of the season.Excerpts:A home Test match to start off the season. Your impressions.This is a very important series for the team and also for me. It is always special playing in front of one's home crowd. As I am familiar with the conditions and the wicket here, I am looking forward to a good Test. It has been a while since I have played a Test (last Test was against the West Indies in Mumbai in November 2011) and hence I am really keen on playing here. The crowd support too is a key factor in one's performance and I am confident of doing well.What do you think went wrong in the last Test series Down Under?There are always ups and downs in one's life and the same is true with a team. I feel it was a bad phase for Team India as we didn't do as well as we were expected to. But this is a new series and a new season. On top of it, it is a home series and we have always done well at home. The players are used to the conditions here and hence Team India definitely has the upperhand against the Kiwis. In fact, we are playing almost 10 Tests at home this season and I am eagerly looking forward to it.How did you fare in the recent ODI series against Sri Lanka ?I got to play just two matches. In fact, I was playing an ODI after two years. I have made some mistakes and have learnt from those. I am working hard on overcoming those shortcomings. The Test series is important as I want to perform consistently and earn back my place in the ODI team.You and Ashwin seem to complement each other well. What is the secret?In the sub-continent, the spinners are expected to lead and give the team the much-needed edge over the visiting teams. As we are of the same age, we understand each other well and complement one another. He is a good partner and it is nice to have someone like him bowl from the other end. In the Test series against the West Indies last year, we forged a really good partnership. We took 42 wickets which show how well we do as a team.Your goals for the season?I am aiming for consistency. I want to start the season well, but there are no targets as such. I want to take it session by session and match by match.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15539373", "title": "Marathi play to have three shows in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: This weekend promises to be a treat for theatre lovers here as the much acclaimed play 'Nava Gadi Nav Rajya' will be staged at Vasantrao Deshpande hall. Three shows each on Saturday, Sunday and Monday have been scheduled considering its popularity.Presented by city-based Aarum Entertainment with Shri Siddhivinayak Publicity, the play has had 280 shows so far and has won 22 awards. \"We have scheduled three shows starting Saturday at 5.30pm and expect all of them to be houseful,\" says Samir Pandit of Siddhivinayak Publicity. Describing the play as very contemporary with a wide appeal, Pandit says that the sets and the background score add value to it.The cast comprises the biggest names in Marathi theatre. Umesh Kamat and Priya Bapat form the lead pair. Sameer Khandekar and Gyanada Chemburkar are also part of the cast. Nava Gadi... is the maiden venture of young writer Kshitij Patwardhan.\"This story of a newly married couple who go through numerous ups and downs in their relationship during the initial months of marriage appeals to all segments of audiences young as well as old,\" says actor Umesh Kamat who married his stage wife Priya after the play completed 100 shows. \"We two were together for five years but when we heard the story and began acting in this play we realized that most of the dialogues had been mouthed by either of us at sometime or the other,\" he says.A light hearted entertainer, Navi Gadi... does not give messages through long drawn dialogues yet every viewer connects with it in some way or the other, informs Kamat.The play was staged at Warora on Friday for the inmates of Baba Amte's ashram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15538106", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar bats, sprints and tutors young bowlers", "text": "BANGALORE: When Sachin Tendulkar walked out to the Chinnaswamy Stadium turf on Friday for what was supposed to be a short fielding session - which in itself was after a brief period of rest following a 45-minute net session on the adjoining NCA pitches - there was a sudden summons issued to the ground staff.Surely he wasn't planning a net in the middle was the first thought. After all the pitches were far from ready, what with the second Test match against New Zealand only starting on August 31. But after a brief word, Tendulkar went on to do a few sprints and got his favourite support staff member Raghavendra to help with some fielding drills, generally leaving one wondering what he wanted from the KSCA ground staff.It soon became clear when he told Raghavendra to stand near the boundary line while he himself picked up the bat, threw the ball in the air and hit a few balls. The force he hit the ball with varied and that gave the game away. The perfectionist had noticed that the outfield seemed heavy and wanted to check out how much power was required to reach the boundary.It just went to prove the adage that behind every champion there are loads of preparation and that this man's preparation included a lot more facets than is normal. Of course, Tendulkar would have factored in the truth that towards match day, the grass would be more closely cut on the outfield as well as the pitch itself.During the net session earlier, after two days of relatively quiet batting, on Friday, the strokes started flowing. The upper cut, a stroke patented by him and Virender Sehwag in Tests, when there is usually no third man, too was employed but it was obvious that the focus was on picking the length that the bowlers - a mix of local and other first class cricketers with Zaheer Khan not bowling to him on the day - were employing.Even as he was getting his eye in, the feet moving, and the bat coming down the right way, there was a certain indulgence with the bowlers. Every now and then Tendulkar walked across the young lads wanting to know if they knew what they were bowling. Somehow it seemed important to Tendulkar that the young men weren't simply running in and turning their arms over. He's always had a purpose and he wanted it that way with the lads too. They were naturally all ears.All the while 100-odd other lads, present at the venue for the Under-19 inter-zonal trials, sat quietly and watched in wonder as their hero batted on. The butterflies in the stomach, a common occurrence during any selection trial, were forgotten for the 45 minutes that Tendulkar wielded his willow.When he followed all that up by signing a few autographs as well, the selection trials for the lucky ones, were easily relegated to second place. One of the young men even removed his shirt and thrust it as an autograph book, leaving Tendulkar, used as he is to crazy fans, somewhat bemused, the kind of look bowlers around the world end up having when he gets going.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15542052", "title": "Saif Ali Khan\u2019s daughter to debut with YRF", "text": "Amrita Singh is a busy lady these days. Not only is she working on Yash Raj Films' next Aurangzeb that is being billed as the actress' comeback film but if insiders are to be believed, she is also in talks with the makers for launching her and Saif Ali Khan's 16-year-old daughter Sara in one of their upcoming films.Not so long ago, Amrita had told this newspaper how Sara had been flooded with film offers post her media debut on the cover of a lifestyle magazine. Buzz though is that the doting mom wants nothing less than the best launch pad for her daughter and what better than YRF, a banner that has launched many an up and coming talent before.An insider told TOI\"Sara has got many offers but Amrita wants the best for her daughter. Of late, youngsters launched by YRF have got a favourable response from the industry. Amrita's talks with them have reached the advanced stage. It is heard Sara's debut film is a love story. Just as Amrita had debuted in 1983 with Betaab, a romance that marked the debut of Sunny Deol too.\"When contacted, Amrita didn't deny but refused to comment on the development. YRF remained unavailable for comment. Though we can't help but wonder whether Saif, who owns a film production company, may have wanted to launch his daughter...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15538359", "title": "Peace initiatives spark ray of hope", "text": "BANGALORE: Community initiatives gathered pace across the city on Friday as locals took upon themselves the responsibility of dispelling the belief among their northeast neighbours that they are unsafe in Bangalore.Neelasandra, Austin Town, Ulsoor and surrounding areas where northeast migrants stay in pockets witnessed hectic community activities.A few youths from Neelasandra drove MUVs to places in the Central Business District where northeastern people worked and transported them back home. \"We don't want miscreants to take advantage of the situation and attack these innocents,\" said Moyuddin Pasha, member, Neelasandra Action Committee.Imams of several city masjids on Friday addressed post-prayer congregations and said there should be no attacks on innocent people. \"It is a sin to terrorize innocent people. No one should threaten or harm northeastern people staying in the city,\" sources quoted the imams as saying.Imams of the Masjid-e-Bilal, Richmond Town, meanwhile, announced an exclusive iftar for representatives of all northeastern communities in an attempt to re-emphasize the harmony between communities.\"Whatever happened in Assam and the resulting rumours that spread in the city are unfortunate. I want to emphasize that Islam doesn't prescribe such kind of action. We are praying for the northeasterners in the city. We will ask our brothers not to endorse such rumours nor support someone who wants to resort to violence as a result of these rumours,\" said Khatib Liyaqat Ahmed Qasmi, head priest of the mosque.Secretary of the mosque Tanveer Haq said that a riot in a certain part of the country shouldn't trigger another in Bangalore.\"We are a peace-loving community. The messages and chain mails circulating around are merely rumours with no element of truth in them. We can't change what has happened but the future should be peaceful, devoid of any panic,\" said Haq.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15539621", "title": "Rs 5L snatched from youth in Arumbakkam", "text": "CHENNAI: Unidentified criminals snatched a bag containing 5 lakh in cash from a youth, Younis, when he was riding his motorbike back home after withdrawing the money from a bank in Arumbakkam on Thursday.The robbers managed to flee before Younis could raise an alarm. The culprits escaped on a motorcycle.Younis, employed at a private company, had withdrawn the money for his company. Police have registered a case and launched a hunt for the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15538251", "title": "Bengali workers join the NE exodus", "text": "While the focus has been on the exit of people from the northeast, it transpires that a large number of Bengalis have also decided to vote with their feet. The hospitality industry has been the worst hit as almost 80% of the cooking staff in restaurants in the city comprises Bengalis.Manu Chandra, executive chef, Olive Beach and co-owner of Monkey Bar and LikeThatOnly said that while he has managed to persuade all his staff from the northeast to stay back, it's the Bengalis working in his establishments who have decided to leave for inexplicable reasons.Most of the staff working in the city kitchens are said to be from Nadia district of West Bengal. While the reasons for their exit is not known, they are said to have left claiming they would be back once the matter settles down in a month or so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15539260", "title": "'CAG report on coal vindicates our stand'", "text": "SURAT: Kiran Bedi, member of the erstwhile Team Anna, refrained from making any political statements during her interaction with the media at a jewellery show room here on Friday. A former IPS officer, she said she will speak about the political scenario in Gujarat and 'Team Anna's' foray into politics in her next visit to the city in September.\"The CAG report on allocation of coal blocks, which was placed in Parliament on Friday, has vindicated our stand. This we have been saying for the last two years. Private firms have gained Rs 1.86 lakh crore from the coal scam.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15542496", "title": "A musical tribute", "text": "The ex Colvinians held a dinner recently and the turnout at the event was huge. The event, which was organized at the banquet hall of popular eatery was a hit from the word to go.Amod Gujral, president of the association, told us, \"The turnout is even better this time from the last time around. We are progressing with every passing meet We can see many new faces this time.\"MUSIC MAZA: While it was supposed to be a Rajesh Khanna-themed party, nobody actually turned up dressed like him. The only tribute that came into the actor's way was in form of songs from his movies Gagan Gurnani, was on a roll, belting out ever green hits like \"Aate Jaate\", \"Khoobsurat Aawara Sadkon Pe\", \"Ye Jo Mohabbat Hai\"and \"Kuchh Toh Log Kahenge\" to much applause. Gurnani's efforts also charged up Vijay Sahi so much that he joined him later, singing \"Jai Jai Shiv Shankar\" with gusto", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15542832", "title": "Mumbai RTOs collect Rs 68 lakh fines from overloading trucks", "text": "MUMBAI: The Wadala and Andheri RTOs conducted a series of raids on overloading of trucks, trailers and tempos in Mumbai during the past one month and nabbed a whopping 623 offenders who were fined Rs 68 lakhs.While the Andheri RTO caught 383 persons for overloading goods and fined them Rs 38.54 lakhs, the Wadala RTO caught 240 offenders from whom Rs 30 lakh was recovered.The campaign against overloading of goods was launched across 48 RTOs in the state and it was done in an unbiased manner. Said transport commissioner V N More, \"We had swapped officials (inspectors) across the RTOs. For example, the inspectors at Wadala RTOs were transferred to Aurangabad for a month while those from Aurangabad came here to conduct checks for Wadala RTO. This ensured that there was no nexus between RTO team and the offenders (transporters). Also, it helped us nab more drivers for overloading goods.\"Sources said that across Maharashtra, the RTOs had nabbed at least 3,000 offenders for overloading goods.At Andheri, the team from Nagpur RTO which was camping here for a month, not just booked cases for overloading but also caught tourist buses for carrying illegal cargo. Nine bus drivers were apprehended in Kurla recently for illegally carrying commercial cargo on the rooftop. In Mumbai, it is the highest collection of fines for overloading cases in a month, said assistant RTO Tanaji Chavan. The RTOs across the state conducted checks on overloading of goods and have collected at least Rs 3 crore in fines, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15539566", "title": "1,000 IT jobs for the taking, only if govt can find land", "text": "KOLKATA: The change of guard in Bengal has brought no change for a project of ITC Infotech, which has been put on hold for seven years.The Left Front administration had failed to allot land for the project, which would have got Bengal at least 1,000 jobs. The new government, which claims to be bullish on investment, has not been of much help, either.In 2005, ITC Infotech - a wholly owned subsidy of ITC - had approached the state government for land to start its unit in Bengal. Seven years on, the company is still waiting for a positive response.It is learnt that a 15-acre plot in Rajarhat had been earmarked for the project, but it has not yet been handed over to the company. According to state IT department officials, the matter was discussed at one of the recent cabinet sub-committee meetings on industry, infrastructure and employment, but no steps have been taken as the resolution of the meeting hasn't come out yet.The price of the land earmarked for ITC Infotech stood at Rs 1.5 crore per acre. By now, it has gone up by 25%, say experts.Hidco managing director Debasis Sen passed the buck to the state IT department, which explained that land cannot be allotted to any company until it is approved by the cabinet.Amidst this confusion, the government still holds out hope. IT minister Partha Chatterjee said: \"I am hopeful that this problem will be sorted out soon and ITC Infotech will get its required 15 acre.\"During the minister's visit to the company's headquarters in Bangalore last year, its officials showed interest in starting operations in the city. The company offers IT services and solutions for industries like banking, financial services and insurance (BFSI), retail, manufacturing, travel, hospitality, consumer packaged goods (CPG), transportation and logistics. It has wholly-owned subsidiaries in the UK and the US with its registered office in Kolkata.Asked about details of the company's plans in the city, an ITC spokesperson told TOI: \"ITC Infotech has expressed its keen desire to establish a campus in Kolkata. However, it will be premature to discuss project details at this stage.\"At present, ITC Infotech employs around 5,000 employees, mostly in its Bangalore unit. It has offices in Pune and Trivandrum as well. According to sources, this project of ITC Infotech could have generated 1,000 jobs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15538683", "title": "Railways, cops maintain order at station", "text": "PUNE: The railway administration on Friday made arrangements to accommodate more people in the coaches of the Azad Hind Express leaving for Howrah. While two additional coaches were attached to the train, the police also made their presence felt at the station to prevent possible chaos.From 4 pm onwards - almost two-and-a-half-hours before the departure of the train - platform number one at the station, was teeming with people. The police formed a queue of those travelling in unreserved compartments, so that everyone could board the train without any hassles. Many peoplehad also boarded the reserved coaches. Railway officials said additional coaches will also be attached to the train on Saturday depending on the rush. About 300 people had bought unreserved tickets on Friday till 4 pm. The Azad Hind Express left the station 20 minutes behind schedule around 6.45 pm.Mayor Vaishali Bankar, city MP Suresh Kalmadi , volunteers from Sarhad and other organisations met groups of people who were waiting at the station, assuring them that Pune is safe and secure for them. Many of them appealed the people to return to the city soon.Station manager as well other railway officials personally monitored the situation. Police personnel of the Railway Protection Force (RPF) as well as the Government Railway Police (GRP) worked in coordination with the railway officials. Police officials said one armed policeman had been deployed in every coach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15539593", "title": "Govt assures North East residents of safety, security", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa government has initiated a few measures, including sensitizing the district administration and police machinery, throughout the state amidst a fall out of the violence in Assam on other cities.\"If any person apprehends any threat to his or her safety and security, he or she, may get in touch with the nearest police station,\" a police official said.Playing down reports from some quarters on Friday evening about exodus of some Assamese men and their families from the state, another police source said it was not a major development. \"A few may have left,\" he conceded.Sources said groups of persons from Assam are leaving by bus and boarding trains out of Goa. The exodus had started a couple of days back, but more were seen leaving on Friday, though their numbers may not be sizeable.The government has assured the people from north east living in Goa that their safety and security is a prime concern and administration and police machinery is sensitized about the issue, a spokesman said.Those needing help have been advised to dial 100 of the police control room for immediate assistance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15540536", "title": "College blackboard set to become passe soon", "text": "BHOPAL: Boring classroom of universities and colleges across the state is likely to come in for change in coming days after smart classes replace traditional ways of teaching on blackboards.The government is carrying out an exercise to implement the system that has already been used by some private schools in Bhopal. A committee has already been formed to prepare a report on the viability of the smart classes in colleges.Smart Class is a solution designed to help teachers to face new challenges and developing students' abilities and performance. It helps teacher access multimedia content and information that can be used for teaching students more effectively, a department official explained.Highlighting components of smart class, joint director, higher education department, KM Jain, said: \"It is nothing, but a unique and latest way to teach students. For example, Instead of blackboard, a broad screen is used on the wall (like blackboard) and a projector is fixed on the roof so as its rays reflect on the screen. This technique works like a computer screen and also like a blackboard,\" he said.Citing another example of smart class he added, \"a picture is worth a thousand words and pictures appearing on the screen would help student grasp and understand the subject easily.\"\"It would make learning more interesting,\" he claimed.\"Smart Class helps students understand the concepts. A well-designed module of a subject allows a student to visualise the concept much better than static images,\" Jain said. He added, \"Smart class uses various technologies to teach students such as TV, LCDs and computers among others.\"\"A teacher teaching in one class can be beneficial for students of that particular class only. We want to use the expertise for other students also who are physically not present in class,\" Jain said.\"To achieve the objective, important lectures of renowned educationists and teachers can be recorded which can be put on the official website. Students can download it from the website,\" he added.Asked about the availability of the infrastructure to implement Smart Class concept, Jain said that the committee would look into all aspects before presenting its report. He refused to disclose the date the committee would submit its report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15539780", "title": "Government 'blacklists' 2 banks for poor loan disbursal", "text": "PATNA: The state government has 'blacklisted' two banks operating in the state for their poor performance in loan disbursement under the annual credit plan (ACP) during the last financial year, and decided to withdraw its money deposited in their branches.Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said this after conclusion of the State Level Bankers' Committee (SLBC) meeting held on Friday to review the performance of banks during the first quarter of the current financial year, and to also broadly evaluate their achievements and failures during the last financial year.\"The names of the two downgraded banks would be made open at a proper forum , and on another occasion,\" said Modi, adding the government would soon issue a circular asking all the DMs to withdraw government money from the two banks concerned. They would also be directed not to park government money in the said banks till further order, he said.Last year, the government had decided to assess the performance of banks on the basis of 20 points, and separate points were allotted for the performance of every bank against four different heads - disbursement of agriculture loan, distribution of Kisan Credit Cards (KCCs) to farmers, efforts made with a view to increasing credit-deposit (CD) ratio of the state, and primary sector lending. The bankers had agreed to it at the SLBC meeting.While the SLBC meetings in the past before the regime of CM Nitish Kumar used to pass off in a routine manner, Modi, who is also the state's finance minister, took special interest in reviewing and monitoring the banking activities through the platform of SLBC meeting.As a result of this, the quantum of money disbursed by way of loan under ACP has registered sustained increase since the 2006-07 fiscal year. The disbursement of loan under ACP increased from Rs 13,547.95 crore in 2008-09 to Rs 32,415.92 crore in 2011-12. Moreover, Modi said, against the target of Rs 51,400 crore in the current fiscal year, Rs 7,126.35 crore was actually disbursed in the first quarter, which is 35% more than Rs 5,270 crore disbursed during the corresponding period in the last financial year.SBI chief general manager Jeevan Das Narayan, who chaired the SLBC meeting, said the bankers had taken the downgrading of the two banks under government's incentive scheme positively. \"The bankers think that it will spur laggard banks to perform more competitively. They have taken it positively,\" Narayan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15540755", "title": "Chandigarh will save Rs 344cr by 2014", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The proposal to introduce metro rail in Chandigarh has not been free of criticism on issues of its viability. But the planners - RITES and DMRC - have worked out the estimated benefits from the project in detail. The total capacity of the 16 trains to run on two corridors will be 1,100 passengers.By 2014, the city will save Rs 344 crore by saving vehicle operating costs (VOC) by shifting from road vehicles to the metro. \"Introduction of the metro is expected to shift travel to mass transport system and consequently there will be drastic reduction in use of private and public transport (bus and para-transit modes). Due to reduction in use of these modes, there will be savings to the economy on account of less vehicle operating costs,\" reads the portion dealing with benefits of the project.Besides, VOC with also be saved on account of decongestion effect and this would be to the tune of Rs 184 in that year. Consequent to the introduction of MTS, the decongestion effect of road vehicles will be experienced in the influence zone of Mass Rapid Transit System (MRTS). This will increase average speed of road vehicles (buses, cars, 2-wheelers etc.) and thus will be required to spend less time on road for same distance covered, thus reducing the vehicle operating costs.Not just this, the value of passenger time saved has also been calculated. \"With the introduction of the metro, not only the passengers traveling by the metro but also others traveling by buses and other vehicles will commute at faster speeds. The time saving has been converted to equivalent monetary benefit. The passenger time saved could work out to Rs 288 crore in 2014,\" it adds.According to the plan, the entire capital costs will have to be borne by administration and only operation and maintenance of the system can be outsourced to a private operator. A SPV would be formed with the participation of Chandigarh administration and ministry of urban development, government as joint venture partners with 50:50 equity. Later state governments of Punjab and Haryana will join the SPV when the metro system is extended to Mohali and Panchkula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15538262", "title": "VVS Laxman may announce retirement on Saturday", "text": "HYDERABAD: It all began 16 years ago against the visiting South Africans in Ahmedabad. After 134 matches and 17 hundreds, Vangipurappu Venkata Sai Laxman's Test journey is likely to end at home with the first Test against New Zealand to be played from Aug 23 to 27.\"Laxman has decided to announce his retirement from international cricket on Saturday. He spoke to me this morning and said he is quitting Test cricket,\" one of his former teammates told ToI on Friday.\"Asked if it was a sudden decision, Laxman said that he had been thinking about the move for some time now and felt it was time to take a final call,\" the source added. \"Laxman said that he will continue to play domestic cricket for another two or three years. He is keen on revamping the Hyderabad team and grooming youngsters.\"Laxman's first coach John Manoj of St John's Sports Coaching Foundation, where Laxman learnt his art, said: \"Yes, Laxman spoke to me about it. We had a long chat on the issue.\"Laxman has been keen on hanging up his willow this season. \"Though he has been selected for both Tests against New Zealand, I think Laxman is most likely to quit after the Hyderabad Test,\" John added.\"Playing one Test less or more won't make much of a difference to his stature. But the thrill of calling it quits in front of his home crowd is any day a wonderful experience for any player. Laxman's timing has always been perfect and I am sure this time too he will hit the bull's eye,\" John said.According to John, Laxman wants the youngsters to cement their places in the Indian team. \"With India playing a lot of Tests at home this season, he feels it is proper that youngsters get a chance to hone their skills on subcontinent wickets rather than being thrown to the wolves abroad,\" John said.\"Laxman has always been a selfless cricketer and a hardcore team man. He doesn't want to come in the way of Team India rebuilding itself. He wants the team management to have the chance of getting a core group going again,\" he added.It has been 25 years since John first spotted the talent in a young lad brought to his camp by his uncle.\"It was in 1987 that his uncle Baba brought the 11-year-old Laxman to the camp and we knew that this lad had something 'very very special'. And over the years he has proved to be India's most reliable batsman. It is a matter of great pride for all of us here,\" John told TOI.Laxman went on to live up to his nickname - 'Very Very Special' - as he became part of the famous batting quartet also comprising Sachin Tendulkar , Sourav Ganguly and Rahul Dravid which ruled Indian cricket for more than a decade.Laxman got his first Test half-century (51) in the second innings of his debut match against the South Africans but it took him another 29 innings before he got his first Test hundred - a fabulous 167 against Australia in the Sydney Test.Since then Laxman has gone on to get 16 more hundreds while notching up a total of 56 half-centuries, with his highest being the monumental 281 against Australia in Kolkata which destroyed Australian captain Steve Waugh's dream of conquering the 'Final Frontier'.Laxman has since been a thorn in Australia's flesh more than once. Barring the last series Down Under when he could manage only 155 in eight innings, Laxman has time and again taken on the Aussie challenge and come on top. He has 2434 runs against them at an average of 49.67. His splendid form against the reigning Test team was one of the reasons for India's ascendancy to the top spot in Test cricket.Laxman till date, has played 134 Tests, amassing 8,781 runs at an average of 45.97. The Hyderabadi has always had a pair of safe hands and has pouched 135 Test catches too.Thriving under pressure has been Laxman's forte. Every time he was dropped, Laxman bounced back with a vengeance and made his bite their words. The Damocles' sword was always hanging on his head but instead of letting it pull him down, Laxman converted it into his strength and went on to carve a nice for himself.Laxman is one batsman who has batted in all positions barring No.9 and 11. He loves to bat at the No.3 position, where he has 1611 runs to his credit, but made himself comfortable at the No.5 and 6 positions where he got most of his runs (2877 and 2760). It's unlikely that there will be another VVS soon.Very Very Special NumbersTest debut: vs South Africa at Ahmedabad, 1996 M - 134; Runs - 8,781; Avg - 45.97; 100s - 17; Top Score - 281ODI debut: vs Zimbabwe at Cuttack, 1998 M - 81; Runs - 2,338; Avg - 30.76; 100s - 6; Top Score - 131First-class debut: 1992-93 M - 265; Runs - 19,520; Avg - 51.5; 100s - 54; Top Scores - 353The other big names in India who called it quits post 2000Rahul Dravid - Retired in March 2012 aged 39Tests - M: 164; Runs: 13288; Hs: 270; Avg: 52.31; 100s: 36; 50s: 63 ODIs - M: 344; Runs: 10889; Hs: 153; Avg: 39.16; 100s: 12; 50s: 83", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538847", "title": "Daughter-in-law held for murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: She kept calling her boyfriend of school days home whenever her husband was away until one day when she was caught red-handed by her mother-in-law. When the mother-in-law threatened to reveal everything, the woman took her lover's help and along with another relative murdered her.Poonam, a 24-year-old housewife residing in Chhawla area in southwest Delhi, was arrested along with her lover Sushil Kumar and his relative Deepak. The woman, in her sixties, was attacked by three persons with hockey sticks and knife at her home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "polavaram", "code": "15538012", "title": "CM makes light of NE exodus", "text": "POLAVARAM: Appeals and assurances of safety by the state police boss notwithstanding, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy made light of the exodus of hundreds of people from northeastern states from Andhra Pradesh. He merely said they were leaving as they wanted to be with their families in their native states.The CM, who was here on Friday as part of Indiramma Baata in West Godavari, downplayed the flight of northeast people from the state. \"There is no problem in the state and they (northeast people) are leaving because they want to be with their families back home,\" he said. He went on to say that the exodus of the northeast people from Hyderabad was not due to any threats. \"They are leaving due to anxiety to be with their parents at a time when Assam has been gripped by unprecedented violence,\" he said.Meanwhile, addressing the congregation at the Mecca Masjid, Hyderabad MP Asaduddin Owaisi said Hyderabadis understand the feelings of those who come to the city to make ends meet. He said there are forces inimical to peace trying to create panic among the Assamese. \"They have their eyes set on 2014 elections and want to polarize society. Don't give credence to the rumour-mongering of the anarchists,\" he cautioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15539277", "title": "Is Chalai market heading towards a shutdown?", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Is Chalai market heading towards an inevitable shutdown? It seems to be the case. The reason is not the dip in business but a stinking, nauseating garbage mound that has appeared at the far end of the lane that runs across the market.Ever since the garbage treatment plant was closed down at Vilappilsala, the dump yard of Chalai market has remained unattended. The waste heaps kept growing and on Thursday, rains washed off the filth into the Chalai-Kothuval area eventually forcing the corporation to act. Three loads of garbage were removed from Chalai to Udayankulangara only to be met with stiff protests from locals there.Following this, mayor K Chandrika forwarded an official communication to urban affairs minister Manjalamkuzhy Ali apprising him of the situation. \"If things go on this way, the market has to be shut down. With the city receiving heavy rains, there is every possiblity of an epidemic outbreak. The market cannot be kept opened in its present condition. The minister has been told about the gravity of the situation. The corporation has got no other alternative,\" said the mayor.Despite three loads of garbage being carried off by the corporation, the mound appeared still intact on Friday. Employees of various shops wearing masks were seen swatting flies and chasing away crows while unloading the baskets filled to the brim with the day's remnants. The crows would feast on the stinky mix of thrown-away vegetables, innards of fish and chicken, often dropping them on people's heads.Shopkeepers here say in jest that they have lost their faculty to identify good smell from foul smell. They are forced to light agarbathis from day break till they pull down the shutters. A few of them did not hide their fear. \"We know that we cannot run our business like this. Sometimes we don't feel like eating after having spent a whole day inhaling this smell and we understand that how dangerous this waste-heaps could turn out to be,\" said Mahendran, who runs a vegetable stall.The stretch which once remained busy is slowly getting deserted except for the mini trucks and autos that come with vegetable loads. \"You cannot stand there for even a minute. Chalai has become so horrible,\" said Kamalamma, with an obvious distaste on her face.Till a month ago, the corporation had been burying the waste on the land owned by TRIDA. \"We cannot do that anymore since the land has been allotted for setting up a mini waste treatment plant. Also, the people residing at the Karimadom colony had come up against dumping waste on TRIDA's land which is close to their colony,\" said Chalai councilor Usha Sateesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15539328", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation content with serving notices to dilapidated buildings", "text": "NAGPUR: While Nagpur Municipal Corporation is set to conduct a mandatory structural audit to ensure safety and health of buildings older than 30 years, the threat of dilapidated structures collapsing is looming large. A senior NMC official said that before the onset of monsoon, NMC's all 10 zonal offices identified 373 dilapidated buildings across the city. NMC data reveal that the Gandhibagh zone had largest number- 112- of old, dilapidated structures, followed by Mangalwari zone with 88.All the zonal officers have issued notices warning of a possible disaster during rainy season to the owners and tenants of 373 dilapidated structures. But the administration does not have any mechanism to ensure compliance of its notices. \"This is a pre-monsoon exercise we carry out every year after surveying the buildings in corporation limits. We issue notices to the owners and the tenants well before the monsoon, warning of a potential threat and ask them to remove or repair the dangerous constructions,\" said a senior officer.It has become an annual ritual for zones. The best example is Model Mill Colony in Ganeshpeth area. The two-storey building is in a dilapidated condition since many years, yet many families continue to live there. Many occupants even use windows to enter and leave their homes.Though these buildings are occupied at present, the civic agency has taken no action to avert tragedy. \"Most of these buildings are subject of family dispute or are occupied by tenants. However, residents do not take warnings seriously and many times oppose demolition leading to such a situation,\" added the officer.Moreover, it is not possible for the civic body to check if people have complied with the directions. \"It is a big task to keep a follow-up and we do not have sufficient manpower for that,\" he said. There is a state government decision empowering the civic body to cut electricity and water supply to those buildings that do not carry out repairs or are evacuated. But NMC has never used it. With this, the residents continue to live with the risk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15539594", "title": "Rowdyism victim in shock; key accused walks free", "text": "KOLKATA: The Haldar family members, who were threatened with dire consequences for trying to stop some miscreants from blaring music till late on Independence Day night, are yet to get over the trauma. The police, meanwhile, have arrested three more accused, including Dilip Pal named in the FIR. However, they were all granted bail.The goons barged into the Haldars house at 5C, Dover Terrace in Gariahat, after Ruma Haldar, a teacher, lodged a complaint against the revellers with Gariahat police station for playing loud music after 11pm.Local hooligans, who had organized the musical soiree, hurled bricks at the house shattering the windowsills and windowpanes. They then tried to break open the door to assault the family members. They had also abused Ruma for going to the police and turned up the volume in front of a police team. hurled abuses at family members and tried to assault the complainant, Ruma Haldar.Ruma, on Friday, said: \"My family members are living in fear with the key accused, Nepal Rajak, still roaming free. Though police are yet to spot Rajak, I have seen him chatting with his friends this morning. He was the main person behind the attack. I was also surprised to see the persons arrested on Friday were granted bail. I want police to be more stringent and give them exemplary punishment, so that no one dares torture common people like this.\"Ruma also said that she found no police vigil in the area. \"I expected the police to be more proactive in their vigil in our area after the attack on us. But within 36 hours, things are back to the square one. There is no posting of police personnel near my house as promised by the member, mayor-in-council Debasish Kumar.\" They appeared to be an empty promise.\"She said that she was not scared for herself, but for her family members, particularly, her little nephew. She was scared that they may be harmed in her absence.\"I am concerned about my father's health. At the age of 88, it is unbearable for him to take the jolt. He was really scared when the mob attacked the house,\" she added.Even on Friday, Ruma stressed on police inaction. \"Police arrested the hooligans only because of media pressure. They would not have acted at all, if I remained mute.\" These hooligans would have unleashed a fear psychosis.A police officer said, \"Three more were arrested, in connection with the attack, on Friday. We have arrested Pintu Rajak, Dilip Pal and Tanujit Chowdhury.\" Since the trio was arrested under bailable sections, they were all granted bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15542518", "title": "When offered Ilish my diet goes for a toss: Sayantika", "text": "Barring the pitter-patter raindrops, the only other sound of music this season is the jugalbandi between the Mughlai and Bengali cuisines \u2014 ilish biryaniSayantani, Actor Even if my shooting diary is chock-ablock, I make it a point to visit Kolkata once during monsoon, every year. That's just to savour mom-made hilsa. The very smell of ilish makes me hungry. Last year, I had ilish biryani at a restaurant in Kolkata and the taste still lingers in my mouth. I even got four packets of ilish biryani packed for my friends in Mumbai. But not even one 'thank you' came my way. Instead, they hurled abuse at me! My friends said they were expecting a handi full of ilish biryani!Sayantika, Actor I am a die-hard biryani lover. And the sight of ilish biryani makes me go weak in the knees! My diet goes for a toss the day I am offered this special dish. This jugalbandi between the Mughlai and Bengali cuisines is indeed a royal treat. So, ilish biryani acts as a double bonanza for me. My mother cooks this delicacy amazingly well. The ilish doesn't have bones and tastes just divine. And I like it even better when ma makes the biryani with dim-bhora ilish.Resshmi, Actor I first got a taste of ilish biryani when I went to Dhaka on a modelling assignment. The organizers thought that since I was a model and probably health conscious, there was no need to ask me about a second helping. That's when I told myself, 'Resshmi, you will be a loser if you don't ask for more of this dish'. I mustered a lot of courage and told them that I wanted some more ilish biryani. The aroma of jaiphal, zafran and garam masala that complement the smell of the hilsa, makes one yearn for more and more of this preparation.Bidita, Actor Ilish and I share a love-hate relationship. While I love the fish more than any other delicacy, if I'm putting on weight, I blame it like no other. Every monsoon, I make it a point to savour this mouth-watering dish. Egged on by my friends and family, once I tried making ilish biryani at home after going through a recipe book, but sadly, the rice and the fish got mixed up and I was left with a large mound. Trust me, that too tasted yummy!Sampurna, Actor There is no restaurant left in Kolkata where I haven't tasted the dish. I love biryani in all forms and when ilish gets added to it, the combo is to die for. My father is an amazing cook and each monsoon, my friends come over to our place on a Sunday just to have ilish biryani and ilish bhaja prepared by him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538479", "title": "?Tihar to have biogas plant on its premises", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an eco-friendly initiative, Tihar Prisons has joined hands with Bhabha Atomic Research Centre to set up a bio-gas plant on its premises which will utilize the waste from its nine jails. This plant will help generate bio-fuel, which will assist in meeting the jail's electricity needs. Tihar houses nearly 12,000 prisoners in its nine jails and produces large amount of waste every day.The DG prisons, Vimla Mehra, had given the go-ahead for the proposal after she felt it to be productive, said Tihar spokesman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15544185", "title": "Mount Gay Rum cocktail recipes!", "text": "It was an evening of jubilation for rum lovers as they celebrated World Rum Day on August 16, 2012 at New Delhi's nU.Delhi restaurant. The event was commemorated by relishing premium Mount Gay Rum, the finest and the oldest brand of rum in existence.Mount Gay Rum was introduced to India by Remy Cointreau. A combination of finest sugarcane, most aromatic molasses, purest coral-filtered water, and of course the talent and commitment of master blenders ensure the inimitable quality of this fine blend.Smooth, elegant and light tasting, Mount Gay Rum combines the delicate flavours of ripe banana, sweet almond, Vanilla and Mocha. Make run drinking an exotic experience by trying out the exciting cocktails at home:Mount Gay Mojito This one's a quick and easy to make refreshing drink served with the zing of fresh lime and mint sprigs.Ingredients 2 oz Mount Gay Eclipse 6 pieces lemon 4 fresh mint sprigs 1tsp Castor sugar SodaMethod: In a tall glass muddle the fresh lime chunks, sugar and mint together until they releasing flavours. Measure 2 oz Mount Gay Rum and fill the glass with cubed or crushed ice. Top it with soda and garnish with mint sprigs.Mount Gay Pina Colada The favourite Caribbean drink with rich coconut milk, pineapple juice and the goodness of Mount Gay Rum blended to perfection.Ingredients 2 oz Mount Gay Silver 4 oz Pineapple juice 2 oz coconut milkMethod: Measure and mix all the ingredients together and blend it. Scoop a fresh pineapple and pour the above drink. Serve with a long straw.Mount Gay Mai Tai Mai Tai tastes even more delicious when shaken with Mount Gay Rum, Cointreau and juices.Ingredients 1.5 oz Mount Gay Eclipse 0.5 oz Cointreau 1 oz PA juice 1 oz sweet lime juice 3 lime/orange wedgesMethod: In an old fashioned glass, measure all the above ingredients. Fill with ice and shake well. Squeeze a fresh orange wedge into it and serve.Barbados Swizzle A simple, refreshing drink nicely balanced with lime juice.Ingredients 2 oz Mount Gay Silver 0.5 oz Lime juice 4 oz coconut waterMethod: In a tall glass, put ice and pour Mount Gay rum over it. Add fresh lime juice and top with coconut water. Stir well. Drop a slice of fresh coconut and serve.Mount Gay Punch (Pitcher) This one's ideal for a party at home. Celebrate with a mix of Mount Gay Rum and tropical juices, infused with fresh fruits and serve it s a super bowl .Ingredients 12 oz Mount Gay Rum Eclipse 6 oz Cointreau 12 oz pineapple juice 12 oz orange juice 12 oz sweet lime juice 6 oz lime juice 6 no fresh orange slice 6 no fresh pineapple sliceMethod: In a pitcher, measure Mount Gay Rum, Cointreau, orange juice, pineapple juice, sweet lime juice and fresh lime juice. Fill it with ice cubes. Drop the fresh fruit slices and serve.The Name's BOND A mightily 'bond' drink!Ingredients 2 oz Mount Gay Rum Eclipse SodaMethod: In a rock glass, pour 2 oz Mount Gay Eclipse. Fill it with ice. Top it up with soda and you're done!Bartender tip: Throw in a slice of lime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15538535", "title": "Big Merc comes to town", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 'aspiration' to own a luxury car, coupled with higher incomes, has made the Tier II and Tier III cities the potential markets for luxury driving. The emerging cities of UP are no exceptions. In lure of good business prospects, luxury car manufacturers are investing in the state to capture the market hitherto untapped.In order to reach out to newer markets and customer base beyond metros, Mercedes-Benz India finally arrived in the city of nawabs with the launch of its first dealership -- Smart Hoops -- in Lucknow.\"The inauguration of Smart Hoops Lucknow is part of Mercedes-Benz's aggressive expansion of its network presence across the country\", said Debashis Mitra, director, sales and marketing, Mercedes-Benz India. He said Mercedes-Benz had seen a strong demand for its products and its customer base had grown in this region. \"As part of our India growth strategy we are expanding our network aggressively and plan to inaugurate five new dealerships in coming months,\" he said.Although Mercedes has launched its first show room in UP just now, the German auto giants Mercedes, BMW and Audi, which account for a sizeable chunk of luxury car market in the country, have fairly good number of buyers for their high-end products in the state.The western UP certainly scores over the rest of the state when it comes to high-end driving. \"Sales for UP account for at least 20% to 25% of our total sales,\" said a sales consultant at one of the BMW India showrooms in Delhi NCR. To put it in number of units selling, it could be anything between 20 to 22 cars per month from just one of the NCR showrooms of the company.The minimum price slot for a BMW product is Rs 25 lakh (ex showroom). But, it's the cars priced between Rs 30 to 50 lakh which sell more in UP. The figures look prospective. The Mercedes-Benz India has been selling an average five to six cars a month in the state through dealers in Delhi. The direct sales facility, however, is expected to expand the market even more. The customers from not only Lucknow but also from Kanpur, Agra, Meerut, Varanasi, Gorakhpur, Allahabad, Bareilly and Moradabad will get the chance to experience the luxury car closer to their homes.\"Two years back, when we did star showcase in Lucknow, which we do to reach smaller markets, we got a wonderful response. Since, we now have a dealership here, we are hopeful there will be a good demand for our SUVs,\" said Debashis Mitra, director, sales and marketing, Mercedes-Benz, India.The major cities like Delhi and Mumbai, till three years back, formed 70% of the total market for the Merc but, now, it has shrunk to 50%. On the contrary, Tier II and Tier III cities are emerging as potential market, though not in terms of absolute number of cars selling but in terms of percentage growth.In its lowest range, Merc costs Rs 32.5 lakh (ex-showroom) and Rs 40 lakh on road. In order attract those who are not ready to shell out that much in one go, the company has also introduced 'self-leasing' and 'semi-leasing' concept in UP market. The self-lease allows a consumer to hire Merc on monthly rentals. He can drive any of the cars for three years on rentals without any down payment. The maintenance cost of the car is adjusted against the rental paid.Under semi-leasing, consumers can go for semi-finance, wherein they can pay 50% of the car's cost and drive it for two years. At the end of which, one can either pay the entire cost and buy the car or can give the car back, if not satisfied. The high import duty, rupee depreciation and rising petrol prices aren't the factors that bother the luxury car customers much. This set of customers have their decisions driven more by personalised service, business sentiments and product variety. And, that's evident in the number of luxury cars selling in UP.Audi India also sells a fairly good number of cars in UP. One of the Audi India showroom in Delhi, which also caters to UP, has sold anything between 30 to 40 cars in the first quarter this year (April-May-June 2012). The basic model of Audi comes at a price of Rs 29.9 lakh (ex showroom). \"We can't say particularly about Lucknow but from UP we get good number of buyers,\" said a sales executive.Last year, between January-December 2011, out of 2.3 million passenger cars sold in India, 25,400 were luxury cars, which was 1% of the total sales of the passenger cars. But, the sector is a fast growing one. In 2001, the sales percentage of luxury cars was 0.1%. Going by the projections, the sales will go up to 3 to 4% in 2020.The study by Ernst and Young projects at least 7 to 8 million passenger cars selling in 2020. \"The 3 to 4 percent of it will be 3 lakh luxury cars,\" said Mitra. The figures, as appeared in a business newspaper, for January 2012 to June 2012, showed Audi India selling 4,000 units which was a growth of 43%, BMW India selling 4,457 and Mercedes Benz 3,500 units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15539016", "title": "Despite death, H1N1 on the way out, say experts", "text": "MUMBAI: The H1N1 influenza virus may have claimed the life of a 57-year-old woman from Kanjurmarg on Thursday but civic authorities are certain that the virus is on its way out this season. Experts, too, feel it will be circulating like other seasonal viruses and may make a comeback during winter.Head of BMC's epidemiology cell Dr Mangala Gomare assured comorbid conditions like hypertension and diabetes had a role to play in the death of the Kanjurmarg resident. \"Otherwise we are seeing a decline in the number of positive cases. As against days in July when we had 18-19 positive cases in a day, now we are seeing one or two positive cases per day. It could be an indicator that the virus is going to circulate the way it was before the monsoon,\" she said.Before the monsoon, it had affected seven people in March. The count of positive cases rose to 15 in April dipping to five in May again and jumping to 35 in June with the onset of the monsoon. It peaked in July when 151 cases were reported. So far, in the month of August, the virus has affected 64 people and claimed two lives. The virus had affected only six people in the whole of 2011.The H1N1 influenza virus's resurgence this season, say experts, should be studied in detail. For the virus has affected over 700 people and claimed 40 lives in the state. Dr Randeep Guleria of New Delhi's AIIMS said, \"Many pockets in the country reported cases and deaths this year. The virus has typically been affecting the upper respiratory tract and in certain cases moving to the lower tract involving the lungs. It is in such cases that lack of treatment could prove fatal,\" he said. \"But, the behaviour of the virus this year needs to be studied and checked whether there has been any mutation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15539896", "title": "Candlelight march against Nazareth Hospital closure", "text": "PATNA: Hoping against hope, people of Mokama, a small town about 90km from the state capital, continue their satyagraha against the closure of Nazareth Hospital run by a Missionary organization. On Thursday evening, they took out a candlelight march in the town, close on the heels of a march by children to press their demand for the reopening of the hospital.Earlier in the day, a three-member delegation met the hospital's administrator, Sister Usha, for about one hour, but the talks didn't bore any fruit. The president of Nazareth Hospital Bachao Sangharsh Samiti, Upendra Sharma, told TOI, \"We requested Sister Usha to keep this jewel in Mokama's crown operational for the benefit of people of the town and nearby districts. Yeh hospital Mokama ka gaurav hai. The Jesuit organization is welcome to start any new venture on its premises, but it should not be at the cost of the hospital's closure.\"According to Sharma, Sister Usha told them that any decision about reopening the hospital would be taken by the hospital's board headed by Sister Basanti Lakra. She, however, assured them that the spokesperson at the Bishop's House in Patna would talk to them.While Sister Usha could not be reached for her comments, Sister Basanti Lakra had earlier told TOI that they had been forced to close the hospital on account of various factors.She had said that on account of commendable improvement in healthcare services in the state and faster communication facilities, the inflow of patients to the hospital had declined over the years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "15540776", "title": "No data on vehicles roadblock in probe", "text": "MOHALI: The non-availability of collective record of details about registration numbers of all registered vehicles in Mohali district, has proved to be a hurdle during the ongoing investigation.Police sources told TOI, \"After the attack on daughter and mother on Thursday, district police managed to ascertain the owner of the motorcycle after making special requests before the officials of district transport office (DTO).\" Reportedly, Chandigarh Police also tried to ascertain the details but failed.SP (city) Swarandeep Singh said, \"Making collective record of all registration numbers requires a special software and we have already requested the state government though the district administration for getting the special software.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15539401", "title": "Former Haryana DGP\u2019s house in Sec 78 robbed", "text": "NOIDA: Burglars barged into the residence of former Haryana director general of police (DGP) SPS Rathore and fled with cash and jewellery worth of lakhs of rupees. Police said the CCTV cameras of the society's wing in which they live were not working. The family has also raised suspicion on two carpenters who had recently came from Chandigarh to do work.A senior cop said that the Rathore's son Rahul lives in Omaxe society in Sector 78. The incident took place on Thursday when nobody was in their house. \"The victim, in his complaint, said that when the family entered the house in the evening, they found the doors ajar and cash and jewellery missing,\" a senior cop said. The complainant has also raised a suspicion of the society security personnel and two carpenters working there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15538417", "title": "Seeking security in relief camps", "text": "Pastor Immanuel, a priest for Manipur, is scared, but doesn't want to flee. On Friday evening, he walked into the office of the deputy commissioner of police (intelligence) VS D'Souza, nodal officer for coordinating police action, seeking a secure rehabilitation home (relief camp). \"We don't want to go back. Give us a safe place to stay for some time,'' he pleaded.His wife and two children waited in the car outside. A resident of Annepalya, he had vacated his house, though he didn't know where to go. \"It's risky to live there,'' he said. The panic-stricken people don't want food, but security. \"We'll cook ourselves,'' he said.D'Souza was not in a position to give any assurance, as government hadn't made any such arrangements. He conveyed the message to his bosses and assured he'd take the proposal forward.Realizing the magnitude of the problem, Dwarakanath Naidu, a social worker, who accompanied him said he'd shelter the family for some time. But Immanuel said: \"What about my people? They are in thousands.\"Naidu, who is already sheltering five persons from the northeast, including his maid, said the government should make some temporary arrangement at places like Palace Grounds.D'Souza said even some parents of students from Assam want their children to stay back, provided there is enough security. One man from Assam called me and said two of his daughters were studying in a college in the city. He wanted to know if it was safe for his daughters to stay back. I assured him they're safe,\" explained D'Souza.A Central Tibetan Administration official walked into the office seeking protection for students at his hostel and office at Viveknagar. D'Souza called up the jurisdictional police and ordered them to deploy policemen round the clock.D'Souza hasn't been able to make a call from his official mobile ever since the number was publicized on Wednesday night. \"The only time it stops ringing is between 2am and 4.30am,'' he said. Over two days (by Friday evening), he received around 3,500 calls. Queries range from an enquiry about the present situation to police patrolling to train tickets and for help too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15540095", "title": "Withdrawals over, lines drawn for MSUSU polls", "text": "VADODARA: The stage is set for the M S University students' union (MSUSU) polls with the process of withdrawal of forms being completed on Friday. Seven candidates remain in fray for the post of university general secretary (UGS) and three for the post of vice president (VP).As many as 18 candidates had filed nominations for the post of UGS and 11 withdrew by Friday. The contest will be between Jayesh Balai of ABVP and Gautam Nayak of NSUI. Similarly the contest for the post of VP will be between Bhumika Barot of NSUI and Sai Vichare of ABVP.For the 18 posts of faculty representatives (FR) in the MSUSU, 72 candidates remain in fray. As many as 82 candidates had filed nominations to get elected as FRs and five of them won uncontested. Out of the 77 other candidates, five withdrew nominations by Friday leaving 72 in the contest.Friday was also the last day of withdrawal of forms for the polls for the faculty associations. Among the major faculties, three candidates are in fray for the post of the faculty general secretary in arts, two in science and four in arts faculty.MSU cracks whip on poll code violation, defacing of propertyVadodara: M S University (MSU) has cracked the whip on the gross violation of the code of conduct for the student union polls. The university has issued notices to candidates in this regard and also asked the police to probe the matter regarding use of spray paint to deface walls on the campus.The rampant violation with use of posters, stickers and wall writings had raised concern and some university officials had also complained in this regard. Following this the university issued notices to candidates contesting for the university general secretary and vice president posts from both ABVP and NSUI.It also submitted an application to Sayajigunj police station regarding wall writings using spray paint. \"We have asked the police to probe the matter,\" said MSU officer on special duty (registrar) Amit Dholakia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15539797", "title": "MoEF OKs 80 road plans in a day", "text": "NEW DELHI: There has been an added push in the clearance of key infrastructure projects since the return of P Chidambaram in the finance minister's saddle. Sources in the government said that the ministry of forest and environment (MoEF) has cleared about 80 files relating to road projects\u2014which were awaiting nod for long\u2014in a day.Earlier, the highways ministry had told Lok Sabha that 347 projects were awaiting MoEF's nod. As many as 270 road projects being executed by the Border Roads Organization were awaiting green clearance. Arunachal (29) and Chhattisgarh (11) had the maximum projects that were seeking clearance.Sources said that the forest advisory committee, which was constituted lately, recommended over half a dozen NHAI projects for forest clearance. MoEF minister Jayanthi Natarajan has reportedly cleared about a dozen projects of National Highway Authority of India .Senior officials said highways minister C P Joshi had earlier written to Natarajan to expedite the clearances.Sources said that the highways ministry has sought some relaxation in issuance of green clearances for NH projects to hasten construction work. One of the major demands is delinking of environment and forest clearance, which was prevalent before April, 2011.At present, environment clearance comes only after forest clearances are obtained for the entire stretch.Officials said that they have also sought relaxation from getting a no objection certificate (NOC) under the Forest Rights Act from gram panchayats, where the authorities need to fell trees falling under NHAI's land. \"We have also demanded that the threshold for obtaining environment clearance should be increased. Now, any stretch beyond 30km and 20m width need to get environment clearance. We want it to be increased to 100km and 60m of road width,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15539598", "title": "Angry with wife, man kills 6-year-old daughter", "text": "CHENNAI: A 27-year-old man has been arrested for killing his six-year-old daughter by pushing her into a sump near Tiruttani, 85km from Chennai, because his wife refused to live with him, police said.Baskar, who later attempted suicide, was picked up after his wife Revathi returned from her parents' house in Tirupati and lodged a complaint on Thursday.During interrogations, Baskar told police that his wife refused to live with him and that in a fit of rage he pushed his daughter into a water sump. Later, he tried to hang himself but neighbours thwarted the attempt.Baskar and Revathi lived in Singasamudram village near Tiruttani after their marriage in 2005. Following a conflict, they separated and Revathi moved to her parents' house in Tirupathi. However, Revathi visited her husband's house with her daughter a couple of times in a year.Baskar, who often fought with his wife, on Tuesday went to his in-laws' house in Tirupati and returned home with his daughter.If needed, the girl's body would be exhumed after getting the permission from revenue officials, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "siolim", "code": "15539916", "title": "Goan students 'benefit' from German ex-banker", "text": "SIOLIM: It's Indian masala and tea blended with German flavour by benefactor Rudolf Schwartz from Oldenburg that has been helping needy Goan students complete their education over the last 20 years.This is the story of Schwartz who founded the Indian Students Educational Aid Foundation in 1991 providing financial assistance for the education of the bright and needy and technical education for dropouts.Completing 20 years of service to Goan students, Schwartz's organization takes pride saying that 2,400 students benefited from the financial assistance through this institution.The foundation is a registered non-government organization having its office at Siolim. It was set up in November 1991, when Rudolf and his wife, Elfie, were on their first visit to Goa as tourists.As they travelled around the state, they observed many children were working in fields and not attending school. On inquiring they learned this was because of financial difficulties.Schwartz decided at the time that the best way to help the poor would be by helping them get an education.While at a nightclub in Baga, the couple met Umberto Vincent D'Souza. Reposing faith in D'Souza, they asked him to arrange four students who were intelligent and could not continue their education because they did not have sufficient finances.D'Souza, from Siolim, arranged four such students from the St Francis Xavier school in Siolim, and the foundation was born. Schwartz then contacted his friends in Germany and many started sponsoring students in Goa.As years passed, the number of beneficiaries increased and as of now over 2,400 students have received scholarships from this foundation.Every year, the heads of high schools from across Goa are asked to recommend the names of deserving students for the scholarships. The minimum requirement is that the student should score 50% marks at the SSC level and should be from a poor family.After scrutinizing the applications, eligible students are called for an interview. Selected student profiles are sent to the sponsors who then select the students. Each sponsor chooses a student and the sponsorship continues till the student completes their studies.For transparency, the students are given the address of their sponsors. They have to write four letters in a year to their sponsors so that sponsors know that their money has reached the students.Rudolf, who is a retired banker, collects money from his friends in a unique manner.He returns to Germany after every visit to Goa with Indian tea and spices. Inviting his friends for a home-cooked meal he talks to them about his organization and convinces them to sponsor needy, bright students in Goa.In 1995, he started a technical institute for dropouts. The Bhumika technical institute was started in Paliem, a remote village in Pernem. It was launched as Schwartz felt that if a student is academically weak it doesn't mean that he/she is a failure. The good response he received encouraged him to start another such institute-the Keerti Vidhyalaya technical institute is in Siolim.Courses like computer hardware engineering, computer software programming, electronics engineering, fitter, turner, welding, plumbing, motor mechanics, air conditioning and refrigeration, electrician, tailoring, cutting and embroidery, home nursing, hotel management and catering are offered at these institutions.The foundation, meanwhile, also financially assists 'Valentina's little heaven', an orphanage home in Colva, and 'Atmavishwas', a special school for mentally-challenged students.The foundation's management is carried out by the staff at the office in Siolim. It is run solely on the efforts of Schwartz and his generous friends from Germany, England and Switzerland .\"Seeing the success stories of the students, I feel very proud. The four students who I met for the first time in 1991 still know me. They come to me and share their happiness. It's a great pleasure,\" says Schwartz.\"Being here for 20 years helping students, taking their blessings and good wishes... nothing like it,\" he adds.Reena Borkar, who was suffering from rheumatoid arthritis , but with help from Schwartz is cured and works at Infosys in Pune, says, \"Sir Rudolf's vision has helped me accomplish my dreams.\"\"The encouragement and support I got from Rudolf sir has helped me to be what I am today,\" says Pooja Khorjuvekar from Vasco, who joined the foundation's \"family\" in 2004 and now works as a software developer at a German-based firm, Lelesys Infotech, in Panaji.Schwartz has also set up a website called 'Ausbildungshilfe Indien EV' which translates as 'Education help for India' to attract more sponsors.There are over a thousand success stories of different students from across Goa who benefited from this institution to secure their career and support their families. The 60-year-old Schwartz says he will continue doing the job till his health supports him. His next plan is to have an Indo-German techno centre and a world class institute of hotel management at Marna in Siolim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "15539869", "title": "220 more Pak Hindus cross border", "text": "ATTARI: A fresh batch of 220 Pakistani Hindu pilgrims arrived in India via Attari border near Amritsar on Friday with many insisting that they live happily in their country.\"There are lakhs of Hindus, who have mixed up with the Muslim society and are living happily in Pakistan. But when a few of us migrate for any number of reason and tell Indian media that they are mistreated and persecuted, it creates embarrassing situation for the rest of the community in Pakistan,\" said Pakistani Hindu Mukesh, who is in India to visit Amritsar, Rishikesh, Haridwar, Delhi and Indore with 10 members of his family.Narayan Nath, a Hindu temple priest from Pakistan, said, \"Sporadic incidents may happen here or there, even Muslims are also facing threat from goons and Taliban.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15540556", "title": "15.6 mm of rainfall in 8 hours", "text": "BHOPAL: The city witnessed a fresh spell of rain on Friday. A low-pressure area over the Orissa coast is expected to bring good rains for the state, including Bhopal, weather office said.The city recorded 15.6 mm of rainfall between 8.30 in Friday morning to 5.30 pm in the evening.The officials of the Met department, Bhopal circle, said the low-pressure area in question would have a strong impact on east MP during next 48 hours while it would gradually move towards central and west MP o including Bhopal and Indore.The overcast conditions led to minimizing the gap between the maximum and minimum temperatures. The City recorded a maximum temperature of 26.3 (-3) degrees C and minimum temperature of 23.0 (00) degrees C.The rains that started in the afternoon, continued till late evening. People returning from offices were caught in the rains.However, the wet conditions are set to remain for a few days. The weatherman forecasts a possibility of rain and thundershowers for Bhopal, adding that the intensity of showers would increase as the low-pressure area advances further in two to three days, the officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15537603", "title": "1.5 lakh namazis offer Friday prayers at Mecca Masjid", "text": "HYDERABAD: Jumatul vida, the last Friday of the holy month of Ramzan, was observed amid tight security with more than 1.5 lakh people offering prayers at the Mecca Masjid amid tight security.Worshippers offered prayersin congregation, even as they spilled onto the streets with rows of the faithful stretching from Moghalpura to Madina Junction.Lilting recitations of the verses of the holy Quran resonated throughout the Old City as namazis bowed their heads before their God in humility. Supplications for peace in the city and protection from persecution for all irrespective of religion and denomination echoed from loudspeakers.However, a faulty speaker system left namazis confused as many couldn't hear the directions of the imam (one who leads the prayer). Shaik Afzal, a worshipper said, \"We couldn't hear the imam at Pathergatti and we finished our prayers before the congregation. We will look for other mosques to offer Friday prayers again.\"Most shops in Madina, Pathergatti and Gulzar Houz remained closed for business till 2.30pm on account of the prayers. Many traders were forced to park their vehicles more than half a kilometre from away their places of business as traffic diversions were the order of the day. Motorists trying to reach the historic mosque were redirected by traffic and law and order police to other routes. Roads were blocked at the Etibar Chowk along the Miralam Mandi-Sultan Shahi stretch. Further, roads were blocked in Moghalpura and Panchmohalla lane as well. An additional force of around 600 security personnel was deployed across the South Zone.Police officials said mild tension was palpable in the early hours on Friday but was quickly defused as ripples of a Quran burning incident allegedly by a mentally challenged woman in Kollapur in Mahbubnagar district came to light. They added that the knowledge of the incident was being spread through SMS in the city. Kollapur police inspector Swamy said, \"The incident took place between 4.00am and 4.30 am at Meraj Masjid where 40 people come to pray. The woman is mentally challenged and has been taken into custody.\" tnnAkun Sabharwal, DCP, South Zone said, \"Everything went of peacefully except for the fact that few arrests of protestors were made in Darul Shifa.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15540324", "title": "Dalit panchayat president insulted at I-Day meet in Pudukkottai", "text": "MADURAI: A dalit panchayat president was allegedly humiliated while hoisting the national flag on the eve of the country's 66th Independence Day in Kattathi village in Pudukkottai district.Although Jeyanthi was elected panchayat president from the Kattathi reserved constituency in 2011, it is alleged that the non-dalit vice-president Balasubramanian and some other members were not happy with a dalit holding the superior post.\"On August 15, when I went to the Kattahi panchyat middle school to hoist the national flag, Selvam, son of Rajammal, a non-dalit and sixth ward member, abused me with the support of vice-president Balasubramanian. They even told me that a dalit woman should never touch the national flag,\" she claimed.However, talking to TOI, vice-president Balasubramaniam rejected the allegation. \"It was a false complaint. The panchayat president is very adamant and she takes decisions on her own. She doesn't consult us,\" he said.A complaint has been filed before the district collector, Pudukkottai. \"I have filed a complaint to the district collector. She said she will look into the matter,\" said Jeyanthi.There are about 12,524 village panchayats in Tamil Nadu , among which 3,136 are reserved for dalits.However, the dalits are not able to carry out their duty freely due to threat from the non-dalits in their respective villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kolkata/new delhi", "code": "15540561", "title": "CM set to attend UPA reforms meet", "text": "KOLKATA/NEW DELHI: The Trinamool Congress appears to have called a truce in its battle of nerves with the Congress.Leaders of both parties on Friday put up a show of unity rarely seen of late - especially after the standoff over the presidential election in July - as railway minister and Trinamool general secretary Mukul Roy proposed Congress nominee PJ Kurien's name for the post of Rajya Sabha deputy chairman. Roy's proposal was seconded by Derek O'Brien , Trinamool's chief whip in the upper house.The gesture, coming as the government banks on the Trinamool chief to pass key bills, paved the way for Mamata Banerjee's participation in the UPA coordination committee meeting likely on August 22 or 23. Sources said the meeting was scheduled for August 31, but was brought forward to accommodate Mamata , who had prior engagements that day. AICC's Bengal-in-charge Shakeel Ahmed said, \"We welcome this gesture by the Trinamool Congress. The move will further consolidate UPA.\"Though the Trinamool opposed the Forward Contract Regulation Act (Amendment) Bill on Friday, the coordination committee will try to work out a reforms roadmap, which may set the stage for FDI in aviation and multi-brand retail. PM in touch with Didi: TMC MPWith Manmohan Singh keen to re-engage Mamata - defence minister A K Antony will meet the CM in the city on Saturday - the Congress will hope to soften her resistance to retail reforms.The government wants to set the stage for announcements in early September to change the perception about a policy paralysis . It has a five-week window - from September 7, when the monsoon session ends, to October 15, the expected date for announcement of elections in Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh - to put in place these measures.A Trinamool leader said, \"While extending her support to Pranab Mukherjee on July 17, Mamata made it clear she wouldn't rock the UPA boat if her opposition to key antipeople bills was taken into account. Her stand is in sync with the party's before the assembly polls. Now it is to be seen how the PM and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi accommodate her and yet push the reforms.\" Another Trinamool MP added, \"After Pranab Mukherjee moved to Raisina Hill, the PM has been in constant touch with Mamata. The direct approach will help iron out differences.\"The change in dynamics - compared to the Mukherjee days - became apparent when Roy attended the PM's iftaar party on Thursday. Roy also stayed put in Delhi for all three working days this week to rebut a growing opposition charge on his continued absence from Rail Bhawan.With the Congress in a difficult situation and Samajwadi Party leader Mulayam Singh Yadav joining the Left dharna in front of Parliament over price rise, the Trinamool has regained its utility for the Congress. Along with the FDI package, the government is also hoping to put together a revised roadmap for fiscal consolidation.On August 10, TOI was the first to report that a UPA coordination committee was being convened to evolve a consensus on FDI in retail. There are suggestions that the government step back a little and permit 49% FDI in multi-brand retail, and ensure that majority control vests with Indian promoters.Sources in the commerce and industry ministry, however, said there was no plan to amend last November's Cabinet decision to permit overseas chains such as Wal-Mart to hold 51% in Indian ventures. The decision was put on gold after protests from Trinamool and even some Congress members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15538529", "title": "Maharashtra approves cattle shed for rehab site", "text": "Chandrapur: The Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) has approved grant of Rs75 lakh for cattle shed construction in Bhagwanpur village, the resettlement site of Botezari and Kolsa villages outside the reserve. Rehabilitated villagers were demanding cattle shed construction under the rehabilitation package since many years. TATR authorities finally managed to extract grants for 128 beneficiaries in Bhagwanpur from the CAMPA funds.A total of 128 families from Botezari and Kolsa were rehabilitated at Bhagwanpur in 2007. These villagers were provided with residential quarters and agricultural land and all the facilities necessary for an ideal village. But villagers were demanding a cattle shed. The TATR administration conceded to their demand in April last year.Filed director and CCF, TATR, Virendra Tiwari pursued for the grants and fund of Rs75 lakh were sanctioned under CAMPA scheme. \"Rs58,000 has been approved for each cattle shed in Bhagwanpur. The villagers will have to build the cattle shed on their own and funds for the construction would be provided through district rehabilitation committee headed by the collector. The committee would monitor the progress of construction and provide the funds in three instalments to the beneficiaries,\" said Tiwari. In all 79 families of Botezari and 49 families of Kolsa now settled at Bhagwanpur will be benefited under the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538692", "title": "Maulana Syed Ahmed Bukhari calls for calm in wake of Assam riots", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the last Friday of Ramzan, the Shahi Imam of Jama Masjid, Maulana Syed Ahmed Bukhari, addressed the community in the afternoon, asking them to maintain peace in the face of violence that has gripped Assam.He also urged Muslims across the world to meet on a common platform and work for resolving the problems faced by the community.\"Rumours are being spread that to avenge the deaths, the Muslim community is planning to retaliate in states like Mizoram and Manipur. These are just rumours and a conspiracy against the community to drag them into a confrontation. Muslims should not react to the doctored images and videos on internet. These are all ways to instigate the community,\" said the Shahi Imam.He said their grievances were not against people but the government that had \"betrayed\" them. \"Killing even one person is killing entire humanity,\" he observed.\"Whether it is Myanmar or Assam, it's shocking to see the government's silence and non-intervention,\" said Bukhari.\"The government should have broken all ties with that country for mistreating the Muslim community,\" he added. He also expressed his desire to go to Myanmar and \"talk to responsible Muslims there.\"Pinning responsibility for the violence on the Congress, Bukhari said the party cannot absolve itself of blame. \"The United Progressive Alliance never did anything for the Muslims. They did nothing to heal their wounds or deliver them justice,\" he said. \"They have only made hollow promises and left the community to deal with its own problems.\"Referring to the shootout at a Wisconsin gurdwara, he said, \"After the shootout, our prime minister was really distressed and calls of sympathy were made to him by the American President. US flags were hoisted at half mast.\"\"Hundreds of Muslims have died in incidents of violence across the world and that has never received such attention,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15540097", "title": "Elections for GCMMF's top post today", "text": "VADODARA: After hectic political activity over the last couple of weeks for the polls for the post of the chairman of the Rs 11,700 crore Gujarat Cooperative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF) that markets brand Amul, attempts are now being made to reach a consensus over the post, elections for which are scheduled on Saturday. The choice will be a toss-up between sitting GCMMF chairman Parthi Bhatol, who also heads the Banas Dairy, and Mehsana-based Dudhsagar Dairy chairman Vipul Chaudhary.While Bhatol is eyeing a hat-trick, Chaudhary has pulled out all the stops to replace Bhatol. Sources claimed that Chaudhary has been quite aggressively wooing chairmen of other milk cooperatives that are members having voting rights in the GCMMF.Bhatol had staged a coup of sorts and embarrassed even former minister of state for home Amit Shah by getting elected as the GCMMF chairman in 2009 even as the BJP was supporting Chaudhary. Sanjay Joshi loyalist Bhupendrasinh Solanki had gone in hiding in the run up to the polls only appearing at the time of the election leaving BJP and Shah, who was present at Anand, with little option but to support Bhatol's candidature to avoid voting.But things have changed significantly since then. Bhatol's son Vasant was elected as the MLA from BJP soon after in the Danta assembly seat by elections in 2009. With his son's political career on the right track and assembly elections around the corner, Bhatol is expected to toe the BJP party line this time around.Sources point out that besides support of some major dairies, the major factor that may go in favour of Chaudhary is that he is a key for BJP's prospects in north Gujarat. Chaudhary has in the past switched loyalties from BJP to former chief minister Shankarsinh Waghela's Rashtriya Janta Party and then again back to the BJP.GCMMF has a unique voting pattern where all the district dairy union chiefs who are board members have one normal vote each. This apart they carry with them additional votes that are counted on the basis of the business that the dairies that they head transact with the federation during the financial year.Bhatol-led Banas Dairy has 167 votes while Chaudhary's Dudhsagar Dairy has 166 votes in all. In case of a split, that is being avoided, the key will be in the hands of Anand-based Amul Dairy chairman as the dairy has 126 votes and Sabar Dairy's BJP-linked chairman Jetha Patel with the dairy having 94 votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "15539051", "title": "Indefinite eco blockade against Naga encroachment along border", "text": "JORHAT: The Asom Jatiyatabadi Yuba Chatra Parishad (AJYCP) and four other organizations on Friday imposed an indefinite economic blockade against Nagaland in protest against the encroachment of 250 bighas paddy fields by Nagas in Garbasti area along the Assam-Nagaland border.The other organizations are Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS), Manab Adhikar Sangram Samiti (MASS), Anususita Jati Chatra Santha (AJCS) and Assam Tea Tribes Students Association (Attsa).The organizations have asked the state government to free their land from the Nagas at the earliest. They have also decided to block NH-39 at Rongajan from Tuesday if the government fails to fulfill their demand.AJYCP Golaghat district president Jitul Rajkhowa said, \"A group of armed Naga men illegally occupied 250 bighas of land belonging to 50 local families of Garbasti area. The encroached lands were fully cultivable and our farmers have been cultivating these lands for a very long time. But, a group of Naga persons equipped with arms illegally occupied our land and chased our villagers away from there. We strongly oppose such illegal activities of the Naga people as well as their government and warned them to abstain from repeating such acts in future.\"\"Today (Friday) we have imposed an indefinite economic blockade against Nagaland and all the Nagaland-bound vehicles are stranded here. We have also decided to block the NH-39, the Guwahati-Dimapur road at Rongajan from tomorrow until the Naga people leave our land,\" he said.Officer in-charge of Merapani police station Jayantajit Sinha said, \"Several organizations imposed an economic blockade against Nagaland from today. But the law and order situation is under control and no reports of any untoward incidents have been received so far.\"He also added, \"Security forces have been deployed from both Assam and Nagaland to prevent untoward incidents. Moreover, CRPF forces are also on alert along the border. They are regularly patrolling the disputed land to dominate the areas to keep the situation under control.\"In July, a group of Naga miscreants set fire to three houses of Assamese villagers at Garbasti village under sector D of the border. Later, the administration of both the states repaired the houses and since then, tension has gripped the area.Armed Nagas were visiting the area regularly and Assamese people passed sleepless nights during the past one month. But the administration and the CRPF have not taken any step on the matter so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15540859", "title": "Offering Punjabi vogue with global designs", "text": "LUDHIANA: Punjabis are known worldwide for their extravagant lifestyles and larger-than-life flamboyant attitude and it is this trait that reputed designers from across the country are trying to cash in on at this edition of the Punjab International Fashion Week.The four-day-long fashion furore, adding glitter to the city from August 16 to 19, is witnessing promising designers exhibiting their collections under various themes like 'global traveller', 'dawn to dusk' and 'videsi ho gayi, desi abhi baki hai'. Many among the participating designers already cater to their Punjabi clientele settled in the US, Canada, Australia and UK and are now offering high-end western dresses and fusion with Indian ethnic wear to Ludhiana dwellers.Hari Anand, a designer from Kochi, says, \"Punjabis are mostly well travelled and easily adapt to any attitude and circumstance. They are also open to experiment with clothes and hence, I am presenting my collection under the theme 'global traveller'.\"\"My NRI Punjabi customers like trendy Indian wear with a cosmopolitan flavour. The designs I exhibited here included red carpet gowns, saris with out-of-the-box motifs, trendy skirts and women's party wear, which are my Punjabi clientele's favourite,\" says Bangalore-based designer Ramesh Dembla. Dembla says he is sure even Ludhiana has a similar taste as far as his designs are concerned.Delhi-based designer Jatinn Kochhar says the city houses many affluent families who prefer spending on classy clothes. \"I believe this part of the country is a new market for brand building as a saturation level is now seen in cities like Delhi and Mumbai,\" he adds.Apart from being a perfect stage to showcase their designs, the fashion week is proving to be a networking hub for designers, as they are already receiving orders and inquiries. \"My collection includes Indian weaves which epitomize the true Indian aura. It is a playful, after-party wedding wear with a colour scheming of earthen hues with a tint of Eastman colours,\" says Hyderabad-based designer Shravan Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538675", "title": "4,800 acre government land leased to DIAL at Rs 100 per annum", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Comptroller and Auditor General of India has questioned giving Indira Gandhi International Airport land totaling 4,800 acres to Delhi International Airport Pvt Ltd (DIAL) \u2014 the government's joint venture with the Hyderabad-based GMR Group \u2014 on a lease rent of Rs 100 per annum, apart from a one-time fee of Rs 6.19 crore for 190.19 acres. Of this land, 240 acres worth Rs 24,000 crore would be commercially exploited with a revenue potential of Rs 163,557 crore over next 58 years in which DIAL's share would be Rs 88,337 crore, the report said.\"Audit would like to draw attention to the fact that this is part of the land handed over to DIAL at a lease rent of Rs 100 per annum,\" it said in a report tabled in Parliament on Friday, adding that the Airports Authority of India had leased land to other government agencies at much higher rates.In fact, the government auditor points out that \"whenever DIAL has raised an issue regarding revenue to accrue to it or expenditure to be debited to the government in contravention of the provisions of OMDA (operation, maintenance, development agreement), the ministry and AAI have always ruled in favour of operators and against the government interest.\"The report says that flyers will pay more towards funding the airport than the promoters! \"Out of the total capital expenditure of Rs 12,857 crore, the promoter's equity has been Rs 2,450 crore out of which 26% (Rs 637 crore) was contributed by AAI and 74% (Rs1,813 crore) by the other JV partners... Thus with an equity contribution of Rs 2,450 crore out of which the private consortium's share was Rs 1,813 crore, DIAL has got a brownfield airport for 60 years and in addition commercial rights of land valued at Rs 24,000 crore with a potential earning capacity of, according to its own estimates, Rs 163,557 crore,\" the performance report says.The government's move to grant DIAL a 'unilateral' right to extend the concession period for another 30 years on identical terms and conditions, has also drawn fire. \"Such a sweeping provision, without any scope of review at any time during the currency of the concession period, has effectively granted DIAL the sole right to operate the airport for a period of 60 years with the terms and conditions frozen in the OMDA,\" the report says.Similarly, DIAL's right of first refusal for a second airport coming up within a 150-km radius of IGI has been questioned. Under this provision, DIAL can bid for any such airport and would get the right to match the highest bid if its own quotation is within 10% of the same. \"This provision thwarts competition and provides DIAL with a natural advantage on the second airport.\"The auditor has found that DIAL constructed 17.8% more than the permitted ground floor area of 470,179 square metres at IGI. \"Neither MOCA (aviation ministry) nor AAI took any action for such gross violation of the master plan and the consequent increase in the project cost,\" the report notes.According to the original PPP plan for Delhi airport, DIAL was to procure all security equipment at its own cost. But the ministry allowed this cost to be met from a passenger security fee that flyers pay at the time of booking air tickets. \"This resulted in undue favour to DIAL which led to a loss of Rs 239.69 crore during 2006-11 to the public exchequer.\" Delay in payment of retirement compensation of Rs 250.88 crore to AAI employees and then AAI's slackness on this front led to a loss of interest of Rs 58.57 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15539696", "title": "Forum urges northeastern people to return", "text": "CHENNAI: The Moderates, an online forum of humanitarians, has denounced the shameful incidents that occurred at the end of a recent rally in Mumbai to protest the massacre and displacement of Muslims in Assam and Myanmar.It condemned the provocative speech of the speakers, and the violence by a group of youth, who indulged in arson and looting and attacked civilians, media, police and women. It commended the tremendous restraint exercised by police and their measured response.The forum also expressed distress at the mass exodus from various cities across the country of people belonging to the northeastern states. The forum urged them to return and not fall prey to rumours. \"At the same time the irresponsible reaction to the Assam violence should not be allowed to come in the way of finding a just solution to the Bodo-Muslim problem,\" a press release from the forum said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15540612", "title": "CBI files 1st chargesheet in QBR scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than one- and-a-half years after the CBI started investigations into the 2010 Commonwealth Games scam, the agency on Friday filed chargesheet in the first case related to the queen's baton relay (QBR) against London-based businessman Ashish Patel and his two companies \u2014 A M Films and A M Car and Van Hire \u2014 and key Organizing Committee (OC) officials T S Darbari, Sanjay Mohindroo and M Jeychandran.The chargesheet was on hold for several months as the agency had not received any substantial inputs from London regarding the contract, which was given to Patel's companies by the OC.The accused have been charged for criminal conspiracy, forgery, cheating and prevention of corruption Act, said CBI spokesperson Dharini Mishra. CBI said Darbari, Mohindroo and Jeychandran had flouted rules giving undue favour to Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15539076", "title": "The gutsy lot prefers to stay put", "text": "GUWAHATI: Though thousands of students and workers from NE states are fleeing Bangalore and other southern cities fearing attacks on them, there are many others who are unwilling to leave their workplaces and educational institutions on the basis of rumours. According to this gutsy lot, it's mostly those who lived near minority-dominated areas have returned home in panic.\"After seeing the television, I am a little frightened. I think the area I live in is safe and I haven't recieved any threats so far. Mostly students and workers who live near minority-dominated areas are fleeing the city,\" said A K Singh, a Manipuri, who works as an IT professional in Bangalore. But he has not ventured out much like before as he does not want to take any chances. The company was also very considerate to him and the management even allowed him to operate from home for the past few days.There are over 2.5 lakh students and professionals from the northeast residing in Bangalore.Samar Thakuria, an Assamese engineering student who lives in the Kalyanpur area near Bangalore, said, \"Only a few months ago, I returned to Bangalore from Assam after a vacation. I can't leave the city again for my native state due to rumours,\" he said. Thakuria is confident that the Karnataka government will provide adequate security to people of the northeast as assured by Karnataka deputy chief minister R Ashoka.The exodus from Bangalore is a result of the ethnic violence between Bodo tribals and Bengali-speaking Muslims in Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) areas of Assam. As the violence has taken a \"communal\" turn, students from the northeast were attacked in Pune in retaliation.Thakuria said that many professionals working in software companies and other reputed firms, who hails from Assam, are also not ready to leave Bangalore. He, however, urged the local administration to tighten security measures, especially in the minority dominated areas in Karnataka, where students from the northeast are residing.A Manipuri woman, whose husband works in a reputed software company in Bangalore, said they have not faced any problems so far. The Manipuri community in Bangalore has already met and decided to be cautious while venturing outside in markets, shopping malls and workplaces. They also decided not to venture out of home at night. \"I think everything will be fine after sometime. Yes, there is panic after reading newspapers and seeing the television. But our locality is a Hindu-majority area and no one talks about it,\" she said. She added that many people from the northeast are still in the city despite rumours and threat SMSs.Parmita Dhar Nag, a resident of Bangalore, said she hasn't faced any difficulty so far. She, however, added that there are reports of a few stray incidents of attacks. \"Ours is a very cosmopolitan locality, where there are people from many states, including Assam. So far, we haven't faced any difficulty. I think people are unnecessarily getting tense,\" she said.But there are people in Guwahati who want their children living in Bangalore and Hyderabad to stay put despite rumours of attacks on people from the northeast", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15540674", "title": "North Easterns feel safe here", "text": "CHANDIGARH: While the rumours have left people from North Eastern states feeling insecure in Pune and Bangalore, Chandigarh has become a second home for many students and doctors, who feel safe here. They too are getting calls from family and friends in Pune and Mysore, but they are feel at ease over here. To allay the fears of their friends in other cities, most of the Manipuri students have been calling them to come to the city for holidaying instead of going back to the home.In fact such discrimination was anticipated by the study group at PGI. Six years ago, a Manipuri student had committed suicide and the word of discrimination had created fear in the minds of the community in the city. \"With this, as the origin of its subject, the PGI department of community medicine started a project to include Manipuri students and their understanding about health, diet, spirituality and yoga. This was to make them feel a part of the city and not outsider as we felt that this discrimination can widen with time,\" said Dr Amarjeet Singh, main investigator of the study. For Sachipriya Laimayum, who is doing graduation from Government College in Sector 42, unlike her siblings who have already fled Mysore, there is nothing to fear about. She hails from Imphal. \"My brother studying in St Philomena College in Mysore had expressed his relentless in staying back and is planning to go to Manipur. I asked him to fly to Chandigarh instead,\" she said.Monica Shoriasham, her classmate, too feels the city has always been comfortable. \"I have never witnessed violence here. We are not discriminated. However, my friends in Pune have left for Manipur. They are panicked about any attack.\"Dr Trusty Khumukcham, senior resident, department of community medicine in PGI said, \"A friend in Bangalore has asked his parents not to visit him. However, these are rumours and most of us have updated our Facebook status.\"However, families of all these people are worried about them. Ranjit Asheivam said it could be a rumour, but the family didn't want to take any chances so her sister in Pune has been called back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15539872", "title": "New lifeguard tower inaugurated at Velsao", "text": "MARGAO: A new lifeguard tower at Velsao beach was inaugurated on Friday at the hands of minister for environment and forests Alina Saldanha on Friday. Surf Life Saving-Goa (SLSG) has introduced this first-of-its-kind tower made of fibre reinforced plastic (FRP), which is made from isophthalic resin.Officials of Drishti special response services pvt ltd, which oversee lifesaving operations in Goa through SLSG said that there are presently 32 lifeguard towers on the entire beach belt of the state. While earlier towers had steel supports that have been prone to corrosion, the FRP tower will be less prone, and is equipped with life saving equipment, cameras, wireless communication equipment and first aid kits.Saldanha said that that this tower could be a model tower so that others could be constructed along similar lines, given that they are environment friendly. She praised the efforts of the lifeguards who were recently felicitated on independence day for their successful rescue missions.There was a mock drill demonstration conducted. The lifeguards demonstrated lifesaving techniques using jet skis, buoys and other apparatus. The person rescued in the mock drill was administered first aid and various techniques to help the drowning person were demonstrated on the beach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15539009", "title": "IRCTC man held for 11 lakh fraud", "text": "MUMBAI: An employee of the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) was arrested by the MRA Marg police station for siphoning off Rs 11 lakh by submitting fake vouchers to the accounts department.Sources said Satish Tamgadge has been sent to police custody till Aug 21. Tamgadge, who was working as senior executive with the finance department , had been committing the fraud for the one year. \"His act of dishonesty came light recently during a random check carried out . Following the suspicion, an internal inquiry was conducted which confirmed that the Tamgadge had indulged in dishonest practice since the past one year.\"Explaining the modus operandi, a senior IRTC official said, \"Tamgadge was conferred with powers to withdraw and issue cheques not exceeding Rs 1 lakh. He used to write the amount randomly in the cheque on the pretext of clearing the bills of the vendors and then submitted fabricated bills. He also withdrew amounts directly from the bank in the form of cash for day to day expenditure.\"Tamgadge had also opened four accounts in the name of his friend based in New Delhi. The official said, \"Some of the money that he earned through dubious means was transferred to these accounts. The accused had in his possession the debit card through which he use to withdraw money from ATMs. The police will verify whether the friend had knowingly connived with Tamgadge and if he had accrued financial benefited from this form a financial arrangement.\"The police will also investigate if he had conducted similar fraud during his previous posting in New Delhi.IRCTC official said that Tamgadge conceded that he had committed the fraud but was not able provide any explanation for indulging in such practice. Tamgadge was due to be promoted at Assistant General Manager but the fraud came to light before the final orders could be issued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "15539488", "title": "Cancer survivor sets example in farming", "text": "AMRAVATI: Sameer Bonde was an emerging fashion designer until throat cancer changed his life. From the arclights of success, Sameer found himself in the middle of a dark alley. But Sameer was determined to fight on, and he did. The 36-year-old defied odds, and is now a successful farmer of Amravati.Sameer did his course in fashion designing from Pune in 1999. On a friend's suggestion he moved to Assam where he started working as a freelance fashion designer. After meeting some social workers, he too started working with them. He also formed a small organization for counselling cancer patients but, unfortunately, he was later detected with Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma - a type of throat cancer.\"I was shocked, but was strong enough to accept it. I left Assam in 2008 for treatment. The cancer was detected in the initial stage and treatment continued for a year,\" said Sameer, adding, \"later, I started working with my cousin at his boutique in Surat.\"Sameer said he had to move back to Amravati on his family's request. \"My father is a farmer and owns a farm in Rewsa village in Amravati district. Though I was not keen on farming but to encourage my younger brother to take it up, I started working in the field. My cousin Anil guided me about shade net technique,\" he said.This proved very beneficial for Sameer. \"After adopting this low cost technique, I cultivated 17 tonnes capsicum yield on a half acre land with the help of only one labourer and sheer hard work,\" he said. Sameer feels that farmers from suicide belt should work in groups to lower the production cost.\"Though I encountered a few problems like crop damage due to insects, I overcame them by taking advice from experts,\" he said.After working as manager in swanky mall in Guwahati and organizing glittering fashion shows in Delhi and Assam, how difficult was it for him to adapt to farming, especially toiling hard like a labourer. Sameer said, \"I can adapt myself well to any environment. I have given my best to both the professions.\"About his future plans, he said, \"Since I have also worked in the field of de-addiction, counselling cancer patients in Meghalaya, Assam, Nagaland for nine years, I feel attached to the people of the northeast. I opted for farming to motivate my younger brother but unfortunately he passed away a month ago. Now I have to take care of my parents. But I will definitely return to the northeast one day and work for the cause of cancer patients,\" concluded Sameer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15542647", "title": "16-year-old arrested, charged with Sikh man's murder", "text": "WASHINGTON: A 16-year-old high school student has been arrested on charges of killing an elderly Sikh in Milwaukee, where only days back a shootout at a gurdwara had left six worshippers dead.Identified as Deangelo Williams , the suspect has been charged with first-degree reckless homicide-party to a crime and possession of a firearm by a felon.If convicted he could be sentenced up to 70 years in prison.A high school student, Williams made a court appearance late Friday afternoon. The judge set bail at USD 250,000.The suspect is scheduled to be back in the court on Monday, a local television station reported.The deceased Dalbir Singh, 56, assisted his nephew Jatinder Singh in running a grocery store in the city.The incident happened on Wednesday night when some unidentified men entered the shop and put a gun to Jatinder Singh head.Jatinder Singh said he and his uncle made it back into the store and pushed the side door shut, the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel reported.But one of the men fired a shot through the door, killing Dalbir Singh, it said.Dalbir Singh was a regular visitor to the gurdwara in Oak Creek, but was not present when the tragic incident happened on August 5.Jatinder Singh had gone to the gurdwara, but had left its premises before the shootout began.Jatinder Singh told police he saw Williams in the store prior to its closing, saying Williams looked around and left without buying anything. He identified Williams to police through a photo lineup.The police has said there is no relationship between the killing of Dalbir Singh and the gurdwara shooting on August 5 by a white supremacist that killed six Sikh worshippers.According to the criminal complaint against Williams, the suspect confronted Singh and waved a gun at him.Singh and his nephew, Jatinder Singh, ran inside the store, slammed the door and tried to keep it shut to prevent Williams from getting in.The complaint indicates that as the Singhs were holding the door, \"there was a gunshot from outside the door that penetrated the door and hit Dalbir Singh in the forehead,\" Fox News reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15539253", "title": "Govt's meet over octroi exemption to M&M; postponed", "text": "NASHIK: A meeting that had been called by the state government over the issue of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) granting octroi exemption to Mahindra &Mahindra;'s Ingenio project of Mahindra &amp; Mahindra (M&M;) by the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), in Mantralaya in Mumbai, has now been postponed due to unavoidable reasons.The state's urban development department of the state government has sent a letter to municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare and standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse over the postponement.- Tushar Pawarof the meeting due to some inevitable reasons.The Urban Development Department had invited both municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare and the Standing Committee chairman Uddhav Nimse for the meeting on Friday in Mumbai over octroi exemption issue.Speaking to TOI, the standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse said that the meet with the state govt over octroi exemption to the Ingenio project of M&M;, which was scheduled on Friday, has been postponed. We have just received such letter by the Additional Secretary of Urban Development Department A P D'Souza.\"As per the State government's policy, the tax concessions are given to the mega project over Rs. 500 crore investments. The General Body Meeting (GBM) of NMC, held in February 2008, had passed a proposal to give octroi concessions to the M&M;'s Ingenio plant, which manufactures its Multi-Purpose Vehicle (MPV) XYLO.When contacted Dr. Pawan Goenka, President, Automotive &amp; Farm Equipment Sectors, M&M;, said, \"The state government is just closing an old outstanding issue and hence the meeting had been called. There was nothing major about the meeting.\"A company official said, \"We have been paying octroi for the vehicles manufactured under Ingenio project. But, the NMC has not refunded us the octroi we had paid.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15540582", "title": "Keshubhai out to woo OBC voters in Surendranagar", "text": "RAJKOT: After the formation of his Gujarat Parivartan Party (GPP) last week, former chief minister Keshubhai Patel is now wooing various sections of the electorate. The grand veteran of Gujarat politics will try to lure Other Backward Castes (OBC) voters at a Kisan Maha Sammelan to be held at the Wadhwan marketing yard in Surendranagar district on Saturday.Although the sammelan is being held for farmers of all castes, GPP insiders say that it is primarily aimed at addressing the issues of two major OBC communities, Kolis and Bharwads, which make up a sizeable chunk of the district's rural population. Beside Keshubhai, former chief minister Suresh Mehta and former minister of state for home Gordhan Zadaphia will attend the meeting, among other leaders.\"Keshubhai will raise the issue of using water from the Narmada canal that passes through Surendranagar district. Farmers are being harassed by the state government for drawing water for irrigation from the canal, and this is a serious matter,\" said GPP sources.Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Limited (SSNNL) officials in the past few months filed complaints against farmers in Surendrangar district for illegally drawing irrigation water.Water lifting through pipes, pumps and other means has been banned and the government has deployed SRP jawans to prevent pilferage. With Saurashtra and Kutch facing an acute shortage of drinking water, the Surendranagar district administration issued a notification last month, declaring the Maliya branch of Narmada canal a prohibited zone for use of its water for irrigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "jamnagar", "code": "15540583", "title": "Orphaned kids get thrill of fair", "text": "JAMNAGAR: Around 320 underprivileged children enjoyed the thrilling rides and feasted on local delicacies at the Shravan fair organized in the city on Thursday.Their trip was organized by Jamnagar Municipal Corporation (JMC). \"We thought of doing something for the orphan children during this pious month as they rarely get to enjoy the annual Shravan fair,\" standing committee chairman Meraman Bhatu said.Of the 320 kids, 260 were from two orphanages in the city, while the remaining 60 were blind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15542248", "title": "B-town sees off its favourite cinematographer", "text": "Friday afternoon, noted cinematographer Ashok Mehta's last rites were performed at the Santacruz crematorium, Mumbai. Mehta, who passed away on August 15 at the Kokilaben Hospital began his last journey from his home in Andheri.And many from the film industry walked with him. Among them were Arjun Rampal , Priyanka Chopra , Manisha Koirala , Dia Mirza , Shashi Kapoor , Arshad Warsi , Subhash Ghai , Farah Khan, Govind Nihalani, Danny Denzongpa and many more.Shah Rukh Khan, who worked with Mehta during Chalte Chalte and Trimurti apart from the many ad campaigns was the last person to enter. He came directly to the crematorium around 2.30 pm.Rampal, who considered Mehta his mentor, told TOI, \"He was a great influence in my life. In fact, he had touched almost everyone's heart in the industry. SRK, for one, was very close to him. Many confided in him about their personal ups and downs and he reposed their faith. He was a complete fighter. He came from a humble background and took the industry by storm. Everybody I met at the crematorium today, I realised that I known them because of Mehta. Itna strong influence tha unka industry pe. That shows the positivity the man exuded.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "15539941", "title": "Rape victim accuses police of extortion", "text": "Malda: A rape victim from Ratua has alleged that the police have extorted Rs 6,000 from her husband to start a probe into a complaint lodged a fortnight back. The 24-year-old victim, a resident of Baldiapukur village, was allegedly raped at knifepoint on August 2 when she was alone in her hut.Fed up with the police role, the victim on Friday met the women development minister Sabitri Mitra and the district magistrate and narrated the tragic tale. Mitra criticized the role of police who are yet to arrest the accused.The victim was reportedly gagged and raped by one Jahangir Sheikh while her husband was away. On the night of August 2, when the farmer from Baldiapukur village was busy watering a land close to his house, the accused, Jahangir Sheikh, sneaked into his hut, gagged his 24-year-old wife and raped her after holding her at the knifepoint.\"I had lodged an FIR at the Ratua police station the next morning. But no action has yet been taken. Rather, the investigating officer Bikash Bhadra had demanded Rs 12,000 from me for arresting Jahangir,\" said the victim's husband. He claimed that Rs 6,000 was already paid to the police and though the medical test confirmed rape, the report was not handed over to him.According to him, he had sold his wife's jewellery and gave the police Rs 6,000, but the accused is yet to be arrested.He also claimed that a medical test on his wife at Ratua rural hospital has proved that she was raped. But the report was not handed over to him by the police.Even after two weeks no arrest was made and the couple today approached the District Magistrate.The victim said: \"Jahangir has been threatening me of dire consequences, if I do not withdraw the case. I want him to be hanged. I want him to be hanged.\" But police are not arresting him which scared me.\"The victim and her husband on Friday approached TMC leader Dulal Sarkar, who took them to the DM. Later, they were also taken to minister Sabitri Mitra, who criticized the police role. The minister lashed out at the police and said: \"I've spoken to the rape victim. It is unfortunate that the police are not taking action. In fact, the lackadaisical attitude of the district police is nothing new. If the victim does not get justice, I'll lodge a complaint against the police with the higher authority.\"SP Jayanta Pal said that police had raided the house of the accused but he was absconding. \"But I have got no complaint saying that the officials had demanded money.\" he said he had no reports of the officials after receiving the complaint, the officials of Ratua police station had taken action. \"woman was taken for a medical test and Police had raided the house of the accused. But he is absconding.\" On being asked about the money demanded by the officials, the SP said: \"I have got no such complaint.\"3 held for raping minorThree youths were arrested from Malatipur under Chanchal police station on Thursday for allegedly raping a minor. Sources said that one Najib Ali promised to marry a Class IX student of Shitalpur high school. \"Accordingly, he, along with two of his friends, took the girl to a local cinema hall on Thursday. Later, they took her to a house near the cinema hall and raped her. After the girl raised a shout for help, some locals rushed to the spot and detained the accused. Later, they were handed over to the police,\" sources said. The accused were produced before the court on Friday.Housewife was raped at the knife point but police are not taking action even after a fortnight. Worse, police were busy extorting money from the victim's husband. Failed to move police, the victim today came to meet District Magistrate. The incident which took place at Baldiapukur village under Ratua had drawn the attention of Minister Sabitri Mitra who was scathing about the police role.It is learnt that at night of 2nd of this month, the housewife of 24 years of Baldiapukur was asleep in her house with her two children. Her husband Md Afjul Haque, was away to give water to others land from his own shallow machine. At this hour one miscreant Jahangir Sk sneaked into her room with a dagger at his hand. Pressing clothes on her face he raped the lady.Afjul alleged that an FIR was lodged at Ratua police station on 3rd August morning. But the culprit was not arrested yet. \"Rather the investigating officer Bikash Bahdra demanded Rs 12000 for arresting Jahangir. I had sold the jewelry of my wife and gave Rs 6000. Still police did not work. Instead Jahangir was roaming freely in the area threatening us\", Afjul said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15541083", "title": "Helplines to aid passengers", "text": "Mysore: Seeking assistance in case of harassment or illegal activities in trains operating from Mysore division is just a call away. For security assistance on trains, aggrieved passengers can call RPF control room on (0821)2420216, 2427222.Mysore South Western Railways' senior divisional commercial manager Anup S Dayanand, after launching a safety-awareness drive across the division, said that intensive security measures have been taken across the division following Mandya incident, wherein a girl was thrown out of a moving train by some preying youths.Recalling the incident, the officer said victims and co-passengers usually are clueless as to call whom in cases of emergency. \"In order to give them a sense of security, the division has ensured security assistance. Accordingly, all coaches will have 10 sticker boards with two RPF control room numbers. Dialling those numbers is enough to seek assistance from the other end. \"The control rooms will function round-the-clock. Assistance is provided in all trains operating from the Mysore division,\" he added. The division has a fleet of 35 trains and 500 coaches. Around 25,000 passengers commute every day, he added. Railway Protection Force (RPF), Government Reserve Force (GRP) and state police will provide assistance to passengers in distress.RPF control room has contacts of all stations connected by Mysore division-run trains -- be it Chennai or Nizamuddin in Delhi. During emergencies on these routes, RPF control room contacts the station concerned, which may be anywhere in India.SECURITY ENHANCED !Security measures in Mysore railway station are now better than earlier times. Anup S Dayanand added that after noticing unauthorized entries to the station, the number of exit and entry ways has been reduced in all sides. Travellers are being encouraged to use the regular entry point opposite to CFTRI and those in the front. \"Door metal detectors have been installed at all entrance points,\" he said, adding 18 CCTV cameras have been put up on three platforms. RPF personnel will monitor people's movements through CCTVs 24X7. \"Anyone moving suspiciously will be apprehended,\" he added. Baggage-checking machines, like the ones used at airports, will be put up at railway station soon.MYSORE-YESHWANTPUR TRAIN A new regular express train between Mysore-Yeshwanthpur will run during Dasara. Speaking to TOI on Friday, Mysore South Western Railways' senior divisional commercial manager Anup S Dayanand said that the 18-coach train will depart Mysore railway station at 9am to Bangalore and return by 3pm. The service will be temporarily provisioned for the Dasara season. \"We are planning to make its services regular if there is a demand from passengers,\" he added.There are no express trains to Bangalore from Mysore after 6.45am. Passengers have demanded a new service, and the same would reduce passenger traffic, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15538967", "title": "XLRI enters into partnership with business funding agency to boost entrepreneurship", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The Fr. Arrupe Centre for Ecology and Sustainability (Faces), a centre based at the premier business school XLRI, has entered into a partnership with Freemont Partners, India's first global incubator and accelerator providing mentoring and seed funding to entrepreneurs. The partnership envisions working in tandem to identify, incubate and invest in start-ups which have a sustainability-centric business model. Freemont's experienced management, global access to mentors, partners and alliances provide a value proposition for new and upcoming start-ups before their major round of funding.Freemont Partners expects to invest in about 25 to 30 companies over the next three to four years, including a few which have a sustainability-centric business model using technology.Faces is a multi-disciplinary centre at XLRI which envisions providing thought leadership to promote policies, practices and dialogue, which have an impact on holistic and sustainable development of society and enterprises. The center is in the process of building an incubator to support start-ups in this space.\" Partnership with Freemont Partners will provide young students and entrepreneurs a great platform for mentorship, besides facilitating seed-funding to build a sustainability-centric business,\" said Faces chairperson Professor Madhukar Shukla.The centre which has been working consistently on issues concerning social entrepreneurship for years, had organized a meet on the National Rural Livelihood Mission, (NRLM) in July jointly with the India unit of World Bank to get an overall understanding of the NRLM agenda.The co-founder of Freemont Partners, Ronald D'Souza, said, \"Young entrepreneurs in India are looking at building a sustainable ecosystem with innovative products and technology. In partnership with Faces we hope to support this emerging ecosystem, which will have a long term impact on the way we live, work and play.\" Freemont Partners provides mentorship, strategic direction and access to local and global mentors and partners, said a company functionary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "15538942", "title": "Sindri plunges into darkness, JSEB helpless", "text": "Sindri: JSEB chairman SN Verma's promise for uninterrupted power in Sindri seems to have lost its significance as frequent power breakdowns has made life miserable in this fertilizer township. Examinees appearing for degree course part I tests are the worst victims of unplanned power failures.The gravity of the situation can be gauged from the fact that the entire town plunged into darkness at around 7.45 PM on Thursday owing to some technical snag in the substation and power supply was restored after 18 hours at 2PM on Friday. And just when people were about to heave a sigh of relief following the resumption of power supply, the DVC cut power supply for another four hours.Earlier, the DVC had suspended power supply for nearly five hours on Thursday in the day time in the name of maintenance. Power kept coming and going for the entire day on Wednesday as the JSEB authorities had taken some shutdown for repairing a snag in the system.When contacted area junior engineer of JSEB, Kameshwar Thakur said earlier there was a spark in the panel of power substation inside the fertilizer factory. On inquiry it was found that the main feeder cable needs repair. He also admitted that power breakdowns have increased due to frequent tripping owing to overload on the system. He also admitted that JSEB is ill-equipped to maintain the vast electrical system of the fertilizer factory, he added.The task to upkeep the electrical system of the closed fertilizer factory was given to the JSEB in 2003. As this system was directly connected to DVC, power failure was minimal. However soon the JSEB transferred the load of its outside consumers on this system and it started crumbling. Hundreds of unauthorized consumers availing power facility without a legal connection and hooking by those living in hutments has added to the already grim situation.Frequent power breakdowns has affected business prospects adversely said Sindri chamber of commerce secretary Deepak Kumar. He said traders have to depend on generator sets to keep their business running. There should be a fixed timing for shutdown so that people are prepared to face the situation, said Shreya, a degree part I examinee who said her study schedule has been disrupted due to frequent power failures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15539837", "title": "Let businesses pay for prime parking space: Corporation of the City of Panaji", "text": "PANAJI: In a bid to ensure that large sections of prime parking space in the city are not occupied by commercial establishments to the detriment of citizens, the Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) has approved a proposal to introduce pay parking on certain streets in the city.During a discussion on the proposal at the CCP councillors meeting, city commissioner Sanjit Rodrigues said the proposal had been mooted with an aim to bring about some \"discipline in parking\" in the city.Rodrigues stated that there were several areas in the city where commercial businesses such as tourist taxis, delivery vehicles and rent-a-bikes were occupying prime parking space.\"Each car-rental (and taxi) operator is bringing more and more cars (near the ferry wharf) preventing anybody else from using the parking space. A pizza company has 20 delivery vehicles. The yellow number plate bikes are occupying parking spaces outside shops in the city and near the post office,\" he said.This is private parking which is occupying space that could be used by citizens, he said. He estimated that around 200 such commercial vehicles were occupying parking space.Some of the areas where the pay parking has been proposed are sections of 18{+t}{+h} June road, road near Don Bosco campus's rear gate, road behind Inox, roads around the Panaji municipal garden and road behind the old secretariat.The meeting also discussed the steps taken by the CCP to streamline the corporation's accounting procedures. This will enable the corporation to eventually move towards a double accounting system which is necessary to avail of central grants and ensure that funds are not misused.The commissioner revealed that separate accounts have now been opened as earlier deposits and withdrawal of money was done \"from the same kitty\".CCP has also approved a proposal to grant CCP staff a golden jubilee bonus of 5,000 which will cost the CCP over 19 lakh. Sources said the CCP currently has a deficit of 20 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15540055", "title": "Monkey attacks boy", "text": "COIMBATORE: A four year old boy was admitted to the Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital after he was bitten by a monkey near the central prison, on Friday.The victim, Arul Raj, was attacked by the monkey when he was walking along LIC road with his grandmother Thangamani, after meeting his father, a life convict lodged in central prison. The monkey was apparently attracted by the snacks the boy was carrying with him. When it attempted to snatch the goodies from the boy, he resisted and that was when the monkey bit the boy, his grandmother said. \"It was a huge monkey and it came all of a sudden from nowhere and tried to snatch the food. It was ferocious and it took a while to chase it away,\" she said.The bite left the boy bleeding. Onlookers rushed him to CMCH where he was treated and later discharged. Meanwhile forest officials had placed a cage at Park Gate Road to trap the monkey, which has attacked people many times before.\"Soon after we heard about the incident we placed the cage to trap the animal. However, few curious onlookers threw objects at the culprit which made it run away,\" a forest official said. They hope to trap the monkey within the next couple of days, he added.If any body has to be blamed it has to be the public who invite such attacks by feeding them,\" said N I Jalaluddin, president, The Nature Conservation Society, an NGO.This creates a problem as they move away from their natural habitation. Animals should be given their space, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538729", "title": "Manhole death: Rs 3L to victim\u2019s kin", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the direction of National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), the Delhi government has granted a compensation of Rs 3 lakh to the family of a man who lost his life after falling in a manhole.A case of negligence has been registered against the junior engineer, North Shahdara zone, East Delhi Municipal Corporation, and he has been arrested in the connection.Radha Kant Tripathy, a relative of the deceased, had approached the Commission alleging that Devender Kumar Prasad, who fell into a manhole in March 2010, died due to the negligence of the corporation. \"He was the sole earner of his family. The civic body neither provided compensation to the next of kin, nor took action against the erring corporation official. \"We sought the intervention of the Commission so that families of victims get justice,\" said Tripathy.Seeking a compliance report along with the proof of payment from the Delhi government, the Commission directed the latter to take necessary steps so that such incidents can be prevented in future. The manhole must be covered with lids, the Commission said.While construction work is going on, the danger mark at the site should be prominently displayed for the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15538885", "title": "Red splinter group puts up threat posters in H'bag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Jharkhand Prastututi Committee(JPC), a splinter group of the CPI(Maoists), have pasted threatening posters on panchayat bhawan, bus stands, temples and other public places in various parts of the district, including areas falling under Katkumsandi, Ichak and Barkagaon police stations.Police sources said the JPC activists who also had major encounter with CPI (Maoist) on August 9 on the border of Chatra and Hazaribag districts wanted to convey the message that they are not demoralized.The JPC posters read -- \"Jharkhand Ke Nav Nirman Ke Liye Maowadion Ko Khatam Karo, Maowadi Desh Ke Dushman Hai, Maowadi Ko Jad Se Khatam Karo\" etc.The police however removed all such posters and intensified their patrolling. \"We came to know that on Independence Day a JPC member under leadership of Guddu hoisted the National flag. They have also distributed Chura and Gur to the villagers after hoisting the flag,\" said police.However, the Hazaribag superintendent of police (SP)was not available for his comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15538564", "title": "Additional charge for Bhandara consumer court president", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra Government has handed over the additional charge of Nagpur District Consumer Forum to Bhandara Consumer Forum President RD Kundle. Kundle will now be dividing his time managing both the offices. Expectedly, these forums will now be available only for 15 days, that too for half day at each forum, resulting in increasing number of pending cases.According to RTI activist Avinash Prabhune, instead of appointing a new person on the vacant post, the government had given a temporary charge. He informed that the president post of Nagpur District Consumer Forum was lying vacant since last two years. Former president of additional forum Vijaysingh Rane was holding the charge of both the forums, which were functioning for half a week only. But after his retirement in July this year, situation has gone from bad to worse as both the forums were running without a president.EndsThe consumer forums have been constituted with a view to give quick justice to the customers who are fleeced by the companies or shopkeepers. But, the vacant posts, especially of the judges, are making the matters worse for the customers, as pendency of cases is increasing everyday. Thanks to the lethargy of Maharashtra Government in making appointments on this vital posts.Citing documents obtained by RTI activist Avinash Prabhune, TOI had reported that president post of Nagpur District Consumer Forum was lying vacant since last two years. Former president of additional forum Vijaysingh Rane was holding the charge of both the forums, which were functioning for half a week only. But after his retirement in July this year, situation has gone from bad to worse as both the forums were running without a president.According to Prabhune, instead of appointing a new person, the government had given a temporary charge to the Bhandara District Consumer Forum president RD Kundle who will now be dividing his time managing both the offices. Expectedly, these forums will now be available only for 15 days, that too for half day at each forum, resulting in piling of pending cases.\"As the pendency is increasing, it's the customers who are suffering. All the newly appointed judges are visiting ones and it is impossible to run the forums without any permanent member,\" Prabhune pointed out.Citing examples, the RTI activist stated that about 2,300 cases were filed in last two years before the district forum whereas only 350 cases were filed during same period in additional district forum. \"These two forums should be merged to ensure full day working of one forum as their separate existence was resulting in unnecessary expenditure,\" he suggested, adding that approximately Rs36 lakh were lost due to vacant posts. He further informed that Maharashtra was having 40 district forums of which eight were without presidents while posts of 23 members were vacant.Prabhune further stated that due to large number of holidays coupled with weekly offs, the working of forums was affected. \"As per Consumer Protection Act, 1986, a minimum of two authorities can conduct the proceedings. A forum is supposed to have three members but these posts are never filled up. In case a single member is absent, the proceedings are adjourned for the day,\" he lamented.Blaming the bureaucracy for being casual in implementing Supreme Court orders regarding the Consumer Protection Act, he said from the treatment meted out to important city like Nagpur, one can well imagine the situation at other district forums in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15539854", "title": "Cabinet will take call on SEZ inclusion in land law", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union Cabinet will determine if consent of landowners and higher compensation will apply to acquisition of land for special economic zones (SEZs). The rural development ministry has ignored the objections of the commerce ministry that SEZs be kept out of the purview of the Land Acquisition Act.The commerce ministry said inclusion of economic enclaves under the new law, imposing higher compensation and consent of 80% landowners on acquisition process, would render the manufacturing industry unviable.Sources said the renamed 'Right to fair compensation, resettlement, rehabilitation and transparency in land acquisition bill, 2011' will go to the Cabinet which will take a call on the issue of SEZs.Despite rural development ministry's view, insiders feel sections of UPA are wary of putting SEZs under the land law that they feel would complicate the process of acquisition. The concern prompted the Centre to reject the advice of a parliamentary committee that government have no role in acquiring land for private projects including Public Private Partnership projects.Rampant accusations that states were colluding with realtors and industry to abuse their absolute powers to take over land forced the Centre to tighten acquisition norms. But the changes have triggered concern that they could impede industrialization.The changes propose that compensatory land price be double the market rate in urban areas and it could be four times in rural pockets. At the same time, higher awareness among farmers/landowners has compelled the Centre to factor in their approval in acquisition process.At least 80% landowners will have to give their consent for government to acquire land. Observers said the provisions would make the acquisition process longer than it is under the 1894 law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15538896", "title": "Business analytics lab in Ranchi soon", "text": "RANCHI: A business analytics lab would be soon set up at IIM Ranchi following a MoU between the institute and IBM Corporation. The company would provide IIM with COGNOS and data mining software to analyze and evaluate vital information. The development took place at a daylong seminar on business analytics themed \"Redefining learning paradigm with business analytics\".IIM Ranchi director M J Xavier said relevant information is scarce even with abundant data. \"We need enhanced and specialized analytical tools to process and transform data into useful knowledge, rules and pattern,\" he added.Dwelling on the importance of information and statistics, speakers at the seminar said data could be used to make strategic management decisions. \"Basically business analytics are mostly used in the domains of finance. It should be used to analyze tools for developmental purposes as well,\" said a professor at the seminar.The conclave also witnessed industry experts from IBM and other organizations sharing their insights about the recent developments and best practices in the field of analytics.Kunal Dureja of IBM also dwelt upon the importance of data analysis. Pradip Kumar Bala from IIM Ranchi said, \"We need to focus on holistic development and aim at using business analytics in the social sectors like education and also healthcare,\" Bala added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15539290", "title": "No sign of judicial report on Mahi case", "text": "GURGAON: The magisterial inquiry into four-year-old Mahi's death was supposed to be completed within 15 days of the tragedy, but even two months after the incident, the report is still awaited. Now, the administration claims that it will be out by next week.The administration ordered a probe in the matter soon after Mahi fell into an abandoned borewell in Kasan on June 20 night and the Indian army was trying to rescue her. Additional deputy commissioner K M Pandurang was entrusted with the inquiry on June 21, while the time limit to complete the probe was 15 days.Notably, any type of compensatory assistance by the state government to a victim's family is dependent on this report.Pandurang said that the statements of all officials, from the police to the administration, had been recorded and that the report was almost ready and would be submitted next week.Mahi had died after falling into a 68-foot-deep abandoned borewell near her house on the night of June 20 while her birthday celebration was on. Following this, a magisterial inquiry was ordered by deputy commissioner P C Meena. The city police had arrested the accused house owner Rohtash Tayal on July 7 and produced him in the court which had sent him in 14 days judicial custody.The National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) too had sought an explanation from the Haryana government over allegations of delay in starting relief and rescue operations for saving Mahi.The commission also accused the Haryana government of non-compliance with the Supreme Court's orders related to safety measures while digging borewells and asked the state government to provide details, including the circumstances which led to the incident and explanation on the part of Haryana.NCPCR member Vinod Kumar Tikoo said, \"The commission received a reply from the Gurgaon DC's office dated July 26 stating the magisterial inquiry in the case is yet to submit its report. We will seek further explanation from the government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15538733", "title": "4 e-meter firms may get notice", "text": "MUMBAI: The state transport department may send showcause notices to four e-meter manufacturers after the Wadala RTO came across \"serious defects\" in some gadgets installed in Mumbai's auto-rickshaws. The defects have surfaced less than six months after e-meters were introduced in autos.And nearly 20,000 autos have been fitted with them.The RTO officials came across the defects while conducting checks on new autos. In one meter, the reading could be easily switched to \"night mode\" during the day, which means paying 25% more, said a source, adding that in another, the meter did not initialize to the basic reading. \"The meter flag could be rotated 20 degrees, switched off and on, and then, a little further before a 60-second timer took it from day to night time fares. If the passenger did not notice the basic fare (Rs 15), s/he would end up paying night time fares for long-distance journeys,\" a source said.\"In the case of the second manufacturer, the flag revolved in both directions, but when anti-clockwise, the meter did not initialize to the basic reading. It did not show any 'error' message and there were only three little beeps, which too is not permissible,\" a source said. For the meter from the third manufacturer, the fare stayed fixed even when the meter was flagged down clockwise. In an ideal case, it should be initialized to the basic fare of Rs 12. The source said the fourth firm produced a meter, which had the flag rotating both clock-wise and anti-clockwise. \"This is not permissible. When it rotates in reverse (anti-clockwise) direction, there should be an 'Error' message,\" he added.While officials remained tightlipped, a department source said a confidential report containing details of the survey by RTO officials on test tracks and the detection of defective e-meters had been sent to the transport commissioner's office. Transport commissioner V N More, however, said he was yet to read the report.The source said in the report, RTO officials had demanded that notices be sent to the four manufacturers, who were among the 11 government-approved firms. They also want the agencies involved in conducting bench tests on e-meters, before they arrive in the market, be questioned. An official asked, \"How did the e-meter manufacturer ignore defects and why did our agencies fail to detect the flaw?\"The transport commissioner has sent two samples of each e-meter manufacturer to Maharashtra Institute of Technology for rechecking and ascertaining if there were flaws. MIT's final report is yet to be submitted to the commissioner's office. Before it could arrive, a Wadala RTO team conducted checks on autos and came across the defects. More may soon appoint a technical committee of experts, some from the IITs, to study flaws in e-meters and suggest methods to make them foolproof.FAULTY METERS1. Flag rotates clockwise and anti-clockwise. When it rotates anti-clockwise, an 'error' message does not flash2. E-meter flag revolves in both directions, but when anti-clockwise, e-meter does not initialize to the basic reading. No 'error' message flashes, just three little beeps3. Fare remains same even when meter flagged down clockwise. In ideal case, it should be initialized to the basic fare of Rs 124. Fares can be easily converted from day to night mode. The flag rotates to about 20 degrees, meter is switched off and on and then rotates a little further before a 60-second timer flashes on screen. After 59 seconds, the e-meter automatically switches from day to night fare (Rs 12 to Rs 15)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15539110", "title": "Four state cabinet ministers in Bangalore, Hyderabad to quell fear", "text": "GUWAHATI: Four state cabinet ministers reached Bangalore and Hyderabad on Friday evening to stop the people from the northeastern region from embarking on a panic flight home. The two cities have become the centres of mass exodus of people from the northeast after threats to leave the cities before August 20 or face dire consequences were circulated through SMS and MMS.In addition to the two special trains carrying people from the region scheduled to reach Guwahati on Saturday, the Railways have positioned three more special trains at Bangalore railway station to carry thousands others waiting to reach home.State agriculture minister Nilamani Sen Deka, accompanied by transport minister Chandan Brahma, who has reached Bangalore, told TOI, \"We are going straight to the Bangalore railway station where a lot of people are waiting to board the three special trains. Our job is to persuade them not to leave their workplace in panic as the Karnataka government has assured full security and protection to lives and property. We would also tell them not to believe rumours.\" Forest minister Rockybul Hussian and power minister Pradyut Bordoloi are in Hyderabad with the same objective of stop the exodus from that city while Lok Sabha MP from Arunachal Pradesh Takam Sanjoy is leaving for Maharshatra and later for Bangalore with a team of parliamentarians from the region.The state government has expressed serious concern over stray incidents of physical assault on people of the region. \"As a sequel of the recent violence in the state, some people, particularly the students and youths of northeastern origin, were reportedly assaulted in states like Maharastra, Kerala, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. These people working outside the state are apprehensive about their personal security; the matter was immediately taken up with the Union ministry of home affairs and the concerned state governments. The Centre has issued advisories to all state governments including Karnataka, Maharastra, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala, as well as the railway authorities,\" a government source said.The state government has made appeals to all sections of the society, political parties, media and NGOs not to fall prey to such rumours and verify all related facts from the control room which has been set-up at the special branch headquarters with the phone number 0361-2380620 and nodal officer Mridulananda Sharma with mobile no 94350-85487.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15539177", "title": "Two more trains reach city carrying NE natives", "text": "GUWAHATI: Two more trains chugged into Guwahati carrying hundreds of tired and panic-stricken NE natives from Mumbai and other parts of the country on Friday.Heaving a sigh of relief after their return, many of them said they fled their places of work after facing threats from miscreants, while, for some others, the decision followed frantic calls from home.Nearly 1,000 students and workers from Maharashtra and southern cities of Hyderabad and Bangalore arrived in Guwahati railway station on Friday morning. While a crowded Lokmanya Tilak Express arrived from Mumbai, the Saraighat Express brought back NE natives who got down in Kolkata on way to Guwahati.With fear and panic spreading to new areas, especially in the southern states, more people who were working as professionals and pursuing their studies there are about to reach Guwahati by Saturday and Sunday in special trains, said a source in Northeast Frontier Railway.On the other hand, panic-stricken workers from NE states in Maharashtra continue to flee their places of work. Toli Reba (24), who works for a private company in Mumbai, said the Maharastra government and the local administration failed to provide them a sense of security. \"I and 24 other youths went to Mumbai in search of work in March this year.After the Mumbai violence, there were rumours that some minority organisations have set August 20 deadline for people of the northeast to leave Maharashtra. My parents were really worried and I had to leave,\" said Reba, who is from Jonai in upper Assam's Dhemaji district.Saddam Hussain , another youth who hails from Dimapur in Nagaland , said even NE natives from the minority community are not feeling safe in Mumbai.Bidyut Kalita, who was studying BBA in Bangalore, has left the garden city after repeated requests from his parents who stay in Guwahati. Though he did not get any threat SMSs, he left the city following rumours. Paramesh Basumatary, a Bodo youth from Kokrajhar who arrived in Guwahati from Hyderabad, is yet to decide whether to return or not. He works for a private company in that city.Meanwhile, the Railways has already arranged five special trains from Bangalore to Guwahati considering the heavy rush of tickets in Bangalore. These trains will then return to Bangalore on August 18, 19 and 20. While two special trains will leave Guwahati railway station on August 18 and 19, two others will leave Kamakhya station on these two days. The fifth special train will leave Guwahati on August 20. \"All these special trains with general second class accommodation will leave for Bangalore. The trains will run via Goalpara Town, Bongaigaon, New Jalpaiguri, Kishanganj, Malda Town, Howrah, Khurda Road, Vishakhapatnam, Vijaywada and Chennai Central,\" a source in NF Railway said.The district magistrate of Kamrup (Metro) has deputed two magistrates at Guwahati railway station on Friday, Saturday and Sunday in view of huge rush of passengers. Besides, the district magistrate has asked the Assam State Transport Corporation (ASTC) and the district transport officer to arrange 10 buses for the convenience of passengers who have arrived in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15538753", "title": "Well-heeled chain-snatcher has 35 cases against him, say cops", "text": "MUMBAI: A well-heeled chain-snatcher, who had tried to hoodwink cops in Mumbai Central last month, has been found to be involved in eight offences in Borivli (E). Naushad Sardar Qureshi owns three flats (two in Mumbai and one in Delhi) and an SUV and has been married twice.The Kasturba Marg police, in whose custody Qureshi is, returned eight chains to their rightful owners in Borivli on Friday.\"Qureshi has at least 35 cases registered against him at police stations. He usually targets women, particularly senior citizens who are most vulnerable. We suspect he has been involved for eight to nine years,\" said ACP Sunil Deshmukh.Muktaben Kacha (80), who was Qureshi's victim, said he had pushed her to the ground to prevent her from raising an alarm. \"I had set out for a stroll after dinner, in May. A man was leaning against a bike, close to the railway tracks at Dattapada in Borivli, where I stay. He came charging towards me and snatched my two-tola gold chain. He pushed me so hard that I fell and sustained bruises on my arms. Within minutes, he jumped across a wall and escaped along the tracks,\" Kacha said. \"We never lost hope of getting the chain back. It took the police some time to get a green signal from the court for returning all stolen valuables, after they nabbed Qureshi,\" her grandson Kaushik said.Qureshi was arrested by the Nagpada police while trying to flee by the Rajdhani Express at Mumbai Central station. He offered to drive the police team to Nagpada in his brand new SUV.But when he reached the police station compound, he tried to escape.His was handed over to the Kasturba Marg police on July 16. Officials said Qureshi is also wanted by the Delhi police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15544333", "title": "May Gulzar live 200 years: Hema Malini", "text": "Bollywood is busy wishing eminent writer and lyricist Gulzar on his birthday and dream girl Hema Malini is no different. The actress wishes Gulzar saab long life with good health.Hema was overwhelmed at the mention of one of her favorite directors and said, \"I wish Gulzar a very happy birthday. I pray he celebrates 200 birthdays and wish him good health, mental peace and all the happiness.\"Hema considers herself lucky to work with Gulzar in movies like Khushboo, Kinara, and Meera. \"He is a lovely director and I cherish all the films I have done with him. I remember, he used to tell me that Hema you can watch these films even with your grandchildren,\" added the actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538997", "title": "Delhi University shows urgency to fix paths", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University may have to roll up its sleeves and do the heavy work itself. Noting the \"deplorable condition\" of pavements and pathways, rendering North Campus inaccessible to disabled students, university authorities have written to the lieutenant governor of Delhi for permission to \"undertake the necessary modification/renovation of pavements and pathways along roads in North Campus on priority basis.\" University authorities, concerned and exasperated in equal measure, say DU will not only get the job done but also foot the bills.On March 3, Nidhi, a final-year law student at DU with an orthopedic disability, was hit by a motorcycle. The accident put her out of commission for three months and prompted 685 students with disabilities to make a representation to the Equal Opportunities Cell (EOC) on March 9 demanding a more disabled-friendly campus.The letter to LG Tejendra Khanna, which was written this week, mentions Chhatra Marg, Mall Road, Sudhir Bose Marg and Cavalry Lane adding that conditions \"are steadily deteriorating.\" \"Electric poles have been installed on the tactile path (used to help the visually impaired find their way) in front of St Stephen's College,\" complains an official.\"The potholed pavements are difficult to negotiate for the disabled. During the rains the holes fill with water,\" says Nidhi who is now back.\"The deplorable conditions and obstructions ...pose a grave risk for our disabled students,\" says the letter from the registrar which also reminds that India is a signatory of the UNCRPD (United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disability).\"It is unfortunate that the government is not doing anything,\" says Dr Vipin Tiwari, officer on special duty, EOC. The EOC has been working toward making DU institutions accessible. Accessibility audits were conducted in DU in 2007 and institutions were encouraged to make changes. Tiwari will soon be starting a post-audit. Roads and pavements outside colleges, however, are not the university's responsibility.Numerous letters have been written to civic agencies. \"We have minutes of a meeting with the LG in 2010 in which a plan was created. Nothing was implemented,\" says a senior university official, \"Instead, during the Commonwealth Games, pathways were made inaccessible. We have written to MCD, PWD and even traffic cops. Apparently it's the PWD's responsibility. But nothing happened.\"The one-sided correspondence having failed to elicit any response - PWD didn't respond to TOI's queries either \u2014 university authorities have decided to take the repair work upon themselves. Officials say that money for the repair work needed \"to protect the students with disabilities moving in the campus from any mishap,\" will come from the V-C's fund.Times ViewIt is really a sad state of affairs when a university has to take upon itself the job of laying pavements because the civic authorities responsible for the job have failed to do it. It also shows how little we care for the disabled that repeated pleas by them that the poor state of the pavements was making it difficult for them to walk around failed to stir these agencies into action. If this the situation in a place of higher learning in India's capital, we can well imagine how bad it would be elsewhere. The Lieutenant Governor must immediately order the MCD or the PWD or both to do the job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15543414", "title": "Now, a website on psoriasis for sufferers, doctors", "text": "THRISSUR: Dermatology experts at the Thrissur-based Amala Institute of Medical Sciences (AIMS) have launched a one-of-its-kind website focusing exclusively on psoriasis. The website is aimed at empowering the patient with psoriasis to lead a productive life and equipping the care givers with updated knowledge, and to aid in the understanding of psoriasis in all its aspects such as scientific, social and individual.Dr S Criton, professor and Head of the Department of Dermatology, AIMS said the primary aim of the website (www.amalapsoriasisfoundation.com) was to help the patients to choose the appropriate and affordable treatment programme and help them fight against the social discrimination.\"Medical surveys show that five out of 100 people in the country are suffering from acute psoriasis. There are several doubts and misconceptions about the disease, too. While Ayurveda practitioners say, psoriasis can never be healed completely, allopathists claim of curing the disease completely. Through the website, we are planning to give patients a thorough knowledge about psoriasis through didactic lectures, group discussions, workshop and seminars. Dissemination of knowledge will also be done through publication of leaflets, booklets and books,\" said Dr Criton.Another mission of the website is to form a platform for interaction between various system of medicine so that beneficial aspects of each system may be tapped for the betterment of patient care. \"Health care providers will be given opportunities to update themselves through continuing medical education programmes, workshops, e-learning and active personal interactions. If everything goes as planned, with the help of other psoriasis healthcare experts, we are hoping to establish a research centre for both basic and clinical research in the field of psoriasis,\" said the doctor.The website has links including details of psoriasis disease, type of psoriasis, diagnosis of psoriasis, treatment of psoriasis, topical treatment, systemic treatment, childhood psoriasis, quality of life issues in psoriasis, what to do on suspicion of psoriasis, how to decide on treatment is made once the diagnosis of psoriasis is established, resources and research that give a detailed information about the disease.\"The link for the health care providers is separate. While doctors can contribute their views on the disease, others can interact with the doctors for doubts and clarifications,\" added the doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15542073", "title": "Ek Tha Tiger: Theatres ordered to reverse ticket hike", "text": "Earlier this month, we told you a majority of multiplexes had decided to hike the ticket prices of Yash Raj Films' Salman Khan-starrer Ek Tha Tiger by nearly 12-16 per cent.And while raising prices for certain films on special occasions isn't uncommon, they're supposed to come down after the first weekend. In this case, post Monday, August 20. However, most multiplexes will not slash ticket prices until Friday, August 24, which is the day Bela Sehgal's Shirin Farhad Ki Toh Nikal Padi hits theatres.With areas housing more than one multiplex having seen a 12 per cent hike in ticket prices and those with fewer theatre options having witnessed an almost 16 per cent increase in major cities across the country, the latest decision has infuriated Yash Raj Films. On the night of Thursday, August 16, the production house has dispatched letters to multiplexes and single screens, ordering them to reverse the rates with imme diate effect. According to a source close to the film, both Yash and Aditya Chopra feel the current hike in ticket rates of the film is not fair on the common man. Besides, when multiplexes have just slashed their rates because the audience has decreased, how can they again raise them going by a whim. YRF spokesperson confirmed the developments.However, theatre owners seem to be in no mood to oblige, at least for now. Girish Wankhade, Deputy GM, Corporate Communications and Public Relations, Cinemax India Ltd , said they're not rolling back ticket rates in their chain of cinemas, even from August 20. Anand Vishal, Head of Operations, Fun Cinemas, said, \"We will take a call only on Monday. However, we are unlikely to roll back the price in Mumbai at least.\" Their thoughts are echoed by several other theatre owners who've allocated as much as 95 per cent of their shows for the YRF film. A source from the trade seems to think theatre owners will have no choice but do exactly what YRF wants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15537949", "title": "Korea suspend four shuttlers, coaches", "text": "HYDERABAD: Reacting strongly to the match-throwing scandal that rocked the London Olympics, the Badminton Korea Association (BKA) dismissed head coach Sung Han Kook and women's doubles coach Kim Moon Soo besides suspending four doubles players - Kim Min Jung, Ha Jung Eun, Kim Ha Na, and Jung Kyung Eun - for two years.The players and the coaches have time until August 21 to appeal before the executive committee of BKA takes the final decision.Accusing the shuttlers of willfully throwing away the matches, Badminton World Federation on August 1, had disqualified four women's doubles teams (two Korean, one each Chinese and Indonesian) from further participation in the Olympics. The teams were charged under sections 4.5 and 4.16 and were accused of \"not using one's best efforts to win a match and conducting oneself in a manner that is clearly abusive or detrimental to the sport\".BWF had, in fact, asked the national federations of the respective countries to further investigate the matter. The Korean body is the first to react among the three countries.Chief coach of the Indian team Pullela Gopichand found fault with BWF but sympathized with the Korean players. Criticizing the world body for having a faulty group system, which allows teams to resort to this sort of tactics, Gopi said that the practice of throwing away matches is nothing new.\"We have a number of instances of players throwing away matches and when the BWF acted strongly at Olympics it came as a shocker for all of us. I blame the BWF for not having a foolproof system. But two-year ban on the players is quite harsh. They have already lost a chance to win an Olympic medal and that's enough punishment for them,\" Gopi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15538701", "title": "Bad roads under liability period to cost contractors jobs", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has decided to cancel the contracts of contractors who fail to repair roads that are under the defect liability period (DLP) despite five warnings.The BMC has also doubled the penalty amount to be levied on errant contractors.Currently, the contractors are fined Rs 1,000 per pothole per day. In case of DLP roads, contractors will now be penalized twice the amount.TOI has been highlighting the pitiable condition of city roads and the tactics used by contractors to circumvent the rules.Standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale said, \"We are taking this issue very seriously. DLP contractors who fail to repair roads will have to pay double the penalty amount. After five warnings, their contracts will be cancelled.\"On August 5, TOI reported that the BMC, in a first, was planning to take coercive action against errant contractors of defect liability period (DLP) roads.Under civic rules, contractors are bound to repair roads which are under DLP.Municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte had told TOI, \"We are planning to take coercive action against errant DLP contractors. First, we will penalize the contractors twice the regular amount and in case they fail to act, then stringent coercive action will be taken.\"DLP roads are new roads that have to be maintained by the contractors who built them. While the DLP for asphalt roads is three years, it's five years for cement-concrete roads. The BMC has 1,243 DLP roads. Of these, 335 are in the island city, 570 in the western suburbs and 338 in the eastern suburbs.The BMC is also in the process of collecting over Rs 57 lakh as fine from 12 pothole repair contractors. \"The calculation of the fines is in the final stage. As of date, the pothole tracking system is indicating Rs 57 lakh as the fine amount to be collected by the civic body,\" said Shewale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15540696", "title": "Soon, birth-control pill for men", "text": "Washington: Scientists claim to have discovered a compound which could pave way for the first ever hormone-free birth control pill for men, without affecting their sex drive. Taken daily or weekly, the pill would allow couples to share the burden of family planning.The study shows that the small molecule makes male mice reversibly infertile without putting a damper on their sex drive.\"Our findings demonstrate that, when given to rodents, this compound produces a rapid and reversible decrease in sperm count and mobility with profound effects on fertility,\" said Dana-Farbe's James Bradner, the study senior author.Importantly, the results of early experiments suggest the effects would be temporary, with fertility quickly rebounding on stopping taking the pill. \"This compound produces a rapid and reversible decrease in sperm count and motility with profound effects on fertility,\" said Bradner. \"A male birth control pill hasn't been easy to come by in large part because of the challenge of getting any drug across the blood-testis barrier, where it can reach the sperm generating cells,\" scientists said.The lack of contraceptive alternatives for men is partially responsible for the high rate of unplanned pregnancies, they said. The new drug, which is known only as JQ1, disrupts a crucial stage of sperm development. It is hormone-free , and in tests, it did not produce any side-effects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15538343", "title": "Stay or leave, migrants in a dilemma", "text": "BANGALORE: Migrants from the northeast are confused: they don't know if they can believe assurances of full protection from the city police or join their people, who are heading home by the hundreds.Most of the crowd that boarded the three Guwahati-bound trains on Wednesday were those who did menial jobs in the city. The educated, middle class and upper-middle class migrants are yet to join the exodus, waiting and watching the developments.\"None of the friends or people I know have been hurt or threatened. However, my parents back home are worried as they have heard of people leaving Bangalore fearing for their lives,\" said Samuel C, resident of Ejipura. Samuel, from Mizoram, is employed with an MNC. He, his sister and cousins have made the city their home since 2005.\"There were a few cases of violence against northeasterners in the past few years, but never has the fear factor escalated to such a level. I know these are rumours and nobody was killed, contrary to what the chain mails and messages say, but the recent incidents have shaken me,\" he said.There are others who are maintaining a low profile and waiting for the situation to cool down just to be on the safe side. \"I've decided to stay home in the evenings till the situation stabilizes,\" said B Singh from Manipur, employed with a BPO.\"I read that no police cases were registered. But since there are so many people leaving the city in fear, I've decided to take precautions. This whole thing might be the result of a hoax but one can never be too sure until the situation is back to normal,\" added the 28-year-old, a resident of Kammanahalli.The migrants are constantly in touch with friends and relatives staying in different parts of the city, and are constantly updating themselves on each other's well-being.\"I don't know how serious the situation really is, though I've read the chain mails and newspaper reports which rubbish them. Since fear, if not panic, has overcome most of us, we have to ensure that our dear ones are safe,\" said a 32-year-old employee of a prominent IT company who hails from Sikkim , and did not want to be identified.The South Bangalore resident said: \"I feel pretty safe in my locality and there haven't been any reports or rumours of violence against people of the northeast in the area. But it's better to be cautious so I've advised my family and relatives to confine themselves to their offices and homes till the situation stabilizes. I don't want any of them to be in the wrong place at the wrong time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15539543", "title": "Engineer arrested for wife's murder", "text": "KOLKATA: A 28-year-old homemaker was allegedly murdered by her engineer husband over dowry at Motilal Mallick Lane in Baranagar on Friday morning. While the husband, Somdev Paul, was arrested, the victim's mother-in-law is absconding. The body was sent for autopsy.The victim, Mousumi, was found dead in her room at 4.30am on Friday, police said. While Somdev claimed that his wife died of a heart attack, Mousumi's father, Gobardhan Ghosh said that his daughter was smothered by a pillow in her sleep. Gobardhan lodged a complaint with Baranagar police against Somdev and his mother Krishna.\"We have arrested Somdev. A murder case has been initiated. We are looking for the victim's mother-in-law,\" said Himadri Banerjee, officer in charge of Baranagar police station.A 28-year-old house wife was allegedly murdered by her engineer husband for dowry at Motilal Mallick Lane in Baranagar early on Friday. The accused Somdev Paul, an automobile engineer allegedly suffocated his wife Mousumi to death with a pillow while she was sleeping. Police have arrested Somedev. Krishna Paul, another accused and the victim's mother-in-law is still absconding.Police said, around 4.30 am on Friday Mousumi was found dead in her room. She was also in semi-naked condition and was lying on the bed. Somdev, her husband reportedly told the police that she died after suffering a heart attack in her sleep. Her body was sent for an autopsy.The victim's family members alleged that their daughter was being tortured regularly for dowry by her in-laws who chocked her to death with a pillow early on Friday. They lodged a murder complaint with Baranagar PS against Somdev and his mother Krishna Paul.Somedev, an engineer of a private automobile company in Kolkata had married Mousumi, a resident of Domjur in Howrah four years back. The couple has a one-and-half-year-old son.Mousumi's father Gobardhan Ghosh alleged that though he had paid at least Rs 2.5 lakh on her in-laws demands at the marriage, her husband demanded more money after the marriage. \"At my daughter's marriage I had spent at least Rs 2.5 lakh and had also given gold ornaments on demands from her in-laws but Somedev and his mother used to torture my daughter physically and mentally demanding more money. My daughter told us several times that she was being tortured in her in-laws' house. We went to their Baranagar house to convince them that I could not meet their demands and also requested them not to torture her, but they did not pay any heed to our request and continued torturing,\" said Ghosh.He also said that Somedev called him up and told that Mousumi died after suffering a heart attack. \"It was around 4.40 am I got stunned when my son-in-law called up and told me that my daughter died in her sleep. My daughter was not suffering from any disease and we do not believe that she died after suffered a heart attack. We rushed to her in-laws house and found her lying on the bed in semi-naked condition. She tried her best to save herself while she was being suffocated with burying her face in a pillow,\" Ghosh said.\"We have arrested Somdev on the basis of a complaint lodged by the victim's father. A murder case has been initiated against the accused. We are also looking for the victim's mother-in-law in this connection,\" said Himadri Banerjee, officer-in-charge of Baranagar PS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15538607", "title": "2 held for pelting stones at BEST bus in Bhandup", "text": "MUMBAI: Two minor boys were arrested by Bhandup police early on Friday for pelting a BEST bus with stones and injuring a conductor. Said BEST spokesperson Manoj Varade, \"The incident occurred at 3.20am. Our special bus was ferrying staffers to the nearby bus stations when it was pelted with stones on Jungle Mangal Road in Bhandup (W). While some glass panes were damaged, one conductor was hurt.\"BEST employees nabbed the accused and handed them over to the cops. Senior inspector Shrirang Nadgauda said the BEST driver's rash driving had angered the boys. \"It was a case of road rage. Two persons were arrested for not allowing a public servant to perform his duty. They pelted stones at the bus,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15538829", "title": "Govt &amp; NGOs bid to calm fears of northeast natives", "text": "MUMBAI: Concerned over the slow trickle of natives of the northeast from Maharashtra, including Mumbai, the state government has begun to reach out to the student community and their families. Higher and technical education minister Rajesh Tope said on Friday that the government has issued directives to chancellors of all 13 universities in the state to adopt measures to arrest the migration. \"College principals have been asked to interact with students and their families and guarantee their security.\"A high-level meeting of ministers on Friday discussed the matter. Tope plans to visit colleges to grant personal assurance.Devasish Sharma, deputy resident commissioner of Assam Bhavan in Navi Mumbai, represents the Assam government in Mumbai. He said at least 200-300 students from the northeast are enrolled in Mumbai University while around 1,500 are taking professional courses. \"I have visited colleges to ask if the students have experienced trouble or are worried on the basis of hearsay. At all times, it is the second factor.\"Meanwhile, prominent voices from the region, including national award-winning filmmaker Jahnu Barua, say the perceived discrimination against natives of the seven sister states must be stemmed. He said, \"It was unfortunate, sad and utterly frustrating to see young students and workforce having to leave behind education and jobs in their own country and run for safety. We all know how difficult it is to get admission in a good college or get a decent job. The issue has been highly politicized and those making tall claims of protection should realize that mere lip service may not be enough to quell fear in young minds. It is time we look at the root of the problem.\"Prakash Belwade from the Youth against Corruption, a wing of the ABVP, said, \"We are using social networking sites to create awareness and are gathering public support.\" Colleges are collecting information about students and counselling them. Father Frazer Mascarenhas, principal of St Xavier's, said its counselling cell is active.(Inputs by Sumitra Deb Roy, Bella Jaisinghani , Sandeep Ashar &amp; Yogita Rao)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15539821", "title": "Police caution on 'mischievous MMS'", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa police have issued an advisory pertaining to a video clipping in the form of a MMS, which is being circulated via cellphones and also on other soft media which is depicting graphic violence directed at a particular community.'The spread of such a video may result in hurting of religious sentiments of a certain section of the society and may lead to disturbances of peace in the otherwise peaceful state.The spread of the video is mischievous and may cause communal disharmony. It is therefore appealed to all not to fall prey to the video clippings and maintain calm and peace,' the advisory stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15540869", "title": "Local designs grab spotlight", "text": "LUDHIANA: It doesn't take much effort for an event to gather glitter and gleam when it is organized in Punjab. And so is the atmosphere at Punjab International Fashion Week, where traditional Punjabi wear, including 'sharara' 'lehenga', 'garara' and 'lacha' are stealing the spot light alongside national designers' creations.These traditional outfits presented by city-based designers have a tinge of Pakistani culture adding to their elegance. Even acclaimed designers from other states are appreciating the traditional wear at the fashion week.The local designers are taking the event as an opportunity to network with people in the industry and witness the global trends and designs.Sonu Gandhi, a BRS Nagar-based designer who is participating in the fashion week, says her collection is aptly called 'Jugni' as it celebrates the colourful spirit of Punjab. \"Apart from a complete bridal collection, I would present about a dozen mother-daughter duos on the ramp in my designs on August 19,\" she adds.\"We are getting a chance to work with renowned models and fashion designers of the country, simultaneously learning from their profiles, designs and concepts. Amid the dominance of western wear, innovative designs of short Punajbi suits, colourful velvet 'salwar' and 'sharara' are stealing the limelight,\" says Gandhi.Monica Chaudhary, a designer based in Randhir Singh Nagar, says participation of designers of national repute in the Punjab fashion week is a good sign for the city's emerging fashion industry. \"These designers are also fascinated with the latest designs of Punjabi 'garara', 'lehenga' with an English look and 'sharara',\" she adds.Bangalore-based designer Ramesh Dembla says Punjabi suits, 'lehenga' and other designs are so catchy that even people from western ethnicity show interest in them. \"We can make these costumes interesting and global in nature with the right alterations,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15538436", "title": "Coaches in short supply", "text": "BANGALORE: South Western Railway is getting coaches from Mysore and Hubli divisions to meet the demand for tickets from northeast-bound travelers. Two passenger trains to Chikkaballapur and Hindupur were cancelled on Thursday evening and instead a special train was run to Guwahati. Coaches have been brought from Chennai, Pune, Delhi, Secunderabad and Mumbai.Anil Kumar Agarwal, divisional railway manager, Bangalore, SWR, said the first special train which left on Tuesday evening hasn't reached Guwahati yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15539556", "title": "Governor gives nod to CSC Bill", "text": "KOLKATA: Governor M K Narayanan gave his nod to the West Bengal College Service Commission Bill. The bill will be placed in the assembly soon, said education minister Bratya Basu after meeting the governor on Friday. The West Bengal College Service Commission Bill finally got governor M.K.Narayanan's nod will soon be placed in the assembly, informed education minister Bratya Basu after a meeting with the governor on Friday. A few amendments have been included in the bill, taking the number to 35 from 17.A few amendments have been introduced in the bill, one of the major being the setting up of changes included in the bill is to set upa panel for appointment of teachers in colleges across the state. \"Under the existing system, an applicant can apply for only one university zone among eight. Accordingly, separate panels were published for each zone. The system raised questions since it restricted the mobility of candidates. Moreover, it was felt that since interviews are a subjective process, there will be lesser chances of bias if the panel of experts is expanded,\" said College Service Commission chairman Siddhartha Mazumdar.According to the Under the current system, there are two experts comprising a panel - a vice-chancellor's nominee and a chancellor's nominee. \"Under the amended system, there will be up to nine experts in the panel which shall include a chancellor's nominee and eight VC's nominees from across the eight zones. It is more systematic,\" added Mazumdar.Recruitment of non-teaching staff in affiliated colleges of universities will henceforth be done by the CSC.Even recruitment of non-teaching staff in affiliated colleges of universities will, henceforth, be done by the CSC. \"Earlier, we could only select teachers, principals and librarians in colleges. The rule is set to change. We will have to make arrangements for more resources in order to implement the change,\" said Mazumdar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15543506", "title": "5 killed in suicide attack at Quetta in Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Five security personnel were killed and several others injured when a suicide attacker blew up his explosives-laden vehicle after he was intercepted by security forces in Quetta city of southwest Pakistan today.Security personnel began chasing a vehicle after its driver refused to stop at a check post in Sharifabad area early this morning.The man then blew up the explosives-laden vehicle, killing himself and five security personnel who were chasing the car, police officials said.Several persons were injured by the explosion. Witnesses said the powerful blast shook nearby buildings.Law enforcement agencies cordoned off the area and found three grenades and a pistol at the site of the blast.No group claimed responsibility for the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15540611", "title": "IIT-BHU session begins", "text": "The chairman of the board of governors of the Indian Institute of Technology (BHU) and the vice-chancellor of Banaras Hindu University congratulated the faculty members of IIT for their achievements. Addressing the teachers of IIT-BHU in the beginning of new session on Friday, he made an appeal for contribution and creation of technologies and facilities in diverse areas.He also highlighted the endeavour of the university to create sophisticated facilities like well-resourced animal house, world class convention centre, innovation centre in IIT and Institute of Translational Research. He said that the facilities needed in biological and physical research to do world class research and to train the students of this area, who belong to the poorest of poor class and provide them world class education and research facilities. He also emphasized on the promotion of traditional medicines and cutting research and need of standardization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15539679", "title": "Second blow for Tamil Nadu Public Services Commission, HC stays Group IV results", "text": "CHENNAI: In the second blow for the Tamil Nadu Public Services Commission (TNPSC) in a week, the Madras high court on Friday stayed declaration of results of the examination conducted by it for filling up Group IV posts in various departments. Last week the state recruiter had to cancel the test for Group II posts after it came to light that questions were leaked before the exam.A statewide examination was conducted on July 7 to fill up 10,718 vacancies in the rank of junior assistant, bill collector and typist in different departments. Justice S Nagamuthu stayed declaration of results while hearing a petition filed by a candidate, who claimed he was given a question booklet in which 95 questions were missing.K Balu, counsel for M Chinnasamy of Dharmapuri district, submitted that his client wrote the examination at Shree Venkatesa College Arts &amp; Science at Pappinayakkanahalli village in the district. According to Chinnasamy, soon after a question booklet was given to him in the examination hall, he noticed that there were questions from 1 to 59 and then 154 to 200. The remaining questions were missing, he said, adding that when the matter was brought to the notice of the supervisor, he expressed helplessness.Chinnasamy then wrote to the TNPSC, bringing the matter to its knowledge. As there was no response from the commission, he moved the high court. When the matter was taken up for hearing, his counsel Balu said Chinnasamy's right to employment itself was under threat.If the results are declared and all posts are filled up, Chinnasamy would suffer irreparable loss, he submitted. He wanted the court to restrain the TNPSC from declaring the results of the examination and direct it to conduct a fresh examination for him and other similarly affected persons, if any.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "15540815", "title": "In jail for 4 years, Aman Kachroo killers released on Aug 15", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The killers of Aman Kachroo, first year student in Tanda medical college near Kangra, who died of ragging in 2009, have been allowed a major reprieve by the Himachal Pradesh government. All four accused in the case -- Abhinav Verma, Mukul Sharma, Navin Verma and Ajay Verma, who were serving a four-year sentence in Dharamsala jail -- were released on August 15.\"Their sentence was waived off on the basis of good conduct in jail,\" said sources. Jail superintendent said the state government had decided to waive of sentence of 111 criminals in jails across the state. \"Three youths facing sentence in Aman Kachroo case got benefit of just 45 to 60 days, while one had completed his sentence. They were in jail for over three years and did not avail any parole,\" he said.The youth convicted in Kachroo case were sentenced to four years' rigorous imprisonment after a 15-month trial by a local court. All four were medical students. Additional District and Sessions Judge, Kangra, Purinder Vaidya had pronounced the the judgment under Section 304 of IPC (culpable homicide not amounting to murder). They were sentenced to three-month jail term under sections 352 (criminal trespassing) and 34 (common intention) and one month under 342 (wrongful confinement) of the IPC. All sentences were to run concurrently.Aman was slapped during ragging in the college hostel on the night of March 6. The accused had told all first-year students to come out of their hostel rooms in Rajendra Prasad Medical College and Hospital and line up in the gallery. Aman had rushed back to his room, saying his left ear had started bleeding. However, the senior students followed him there and brought him out again. This time, they hit Aman on the right side. Aman was apparently targeted because he had complained to the college authorities against his seniors.On March 7, Aman went to an ENT doctor and also filed a written complaint against the four seniors with the college principal. In the meantime, his father Rajinder Kachroo called up the Himachal Pradesh health minister who, in turn, rang up the principal. An inquiry was initiated. However, by evening, Aman reportedly went into a shock and was taken to hospital, where doctors declared him dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15540778", "title": "An office chair that corrects posture", "text": "London: A Swiss doctor has invented an office chair made from carbon shells used in Formula One car production, which he claims is not only good for your posture but is also thought to make you happier.The creation, by Dr Patrik Kunzler and designer Ben Fluri, called the LimbIC is different from the standard design currently used by workers the world over, the Daily Mail reported. It doesn't have a back or arm rests and the seat is made from two carbon shells, used in Formula One car production, which move with the user.The design, developed at Massachusetts Institute of Technology , focuses on movements of the body and helps with posture as well as relaxation.And the user is supposed to feel a sense of weightlessness \u2014 which can have a positive affect on performance, creativity and also mood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15541106", "title": "DC Vastrad yielded to real estate lobby: MLC", "text": "Mysore: BJP MLC G Madhusudan on Friday accused Mysore DC P S Vastrad of succumbing to the real estate lobby in a case related to some 2,000-acre land at the foothills of Chamundi Hills. He has complained to CM Jagadish Shettar in this regard. The BJP leader has also asked for a stay on the proceedings following the order by Vastrad. In his complaint to Shettar, the MLC said: \"The land at the foothills is quite precious and costs several thousand crores as per the present market... You are requested to go through the documents and take up investigation into the matter.\" In the strongly-worded letter, he has told the CM that \"people are alleging that the DC has succumbed to the real estate lobby.\" Releasing the copies of his petition, and that of related documents to the media on Friday, Madhusudan asked the CM to intervene. According to him, the court of the deputy commissioner has declared it as B-kharab land and has directed the authorities concerned to issue khathas in the name of Srikantadatta Narasimharaaja Wadiyar, the scion of Mysore royal family and other respondents. In 1935 -- when Maharaja was ruling the state -- the said land was declared as B-kharab, which remained the same all these years. In fact, Maharajas Nalwadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar and Jayachamaraja Wadiyar wanted that to be maintained as a green belt to guard the sanctity of the sacred site. \"To ensure this, maharaja Jayachamaraja Wadiyar did not make any attempt to register the property in his name till his death,\" he contended, adding that he didn't even go in for partition of the land in Kurburhalli. Claiming that it is a public property, the MLC accused the DC of taking arbitrary decisions. \"First of all, he can't review any decisions made in the district magistrate court. Secondly, he has to call public objections or have to seek opinion of public prosecutor before conversion of land from B-kharab (unusable land) to A-kharab, which he has not done.\" \"There real estate lobby is behind it to usurp the property which needs to be probed,\" the BJP leader said. He, however, was evasive when asked to name those involved. When asked whether district minister S A Ramdas is aware of it, he accused him of being negligent on the issue. Meanwhile, deputy CM K S Eshwarappa, who also holds the revenue portfolio, said that he has convened a high-level meeting, and directed both the DC and the MLC to attend the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15540060", "title": "Coimbatore zoo welcomes rescued peacock, kite", "text": "COIMBATORE: The corporation zoo at VOC Park welcomed several rescued creatures on Friday including a peacock, kite and a snake.Animal activists, N I Jalaluddin, and R Mohammed Saleem, were informed on Friday about a wounded kite near the Siruthuli office in Ukkadam. Jaluddin said they saw a male black kite, about 2 years old, whose right wings was damaged. \"A wing was damaged and the bird was hungry. It was lying on the ground, unable to move,\" he said. They brought it to the zoo, and it is currently receiving treatment and nourishment. However, the bird will not be able to fly again, he said.At around the same time, a male peacock was located near Gandhipuram on a tree. N Vivek, who works in a book stall nearby, noticed a peacock lying on the ground. It was unable to move. So he brought it to the corporation zoo. The right thigh of the bird was injured, he said. Zoo officials informed him that the peacock will be treated and complete recovery is possible.Ameen Badusha a volunteer snake catcher rescued a rat snake from a house near Edayarpalayam on Thursday evening, and handed it over to zoo officials.Animal activists said that the city needs a wildlife rehabilitation center to house rescued animals and birds. Saleem said that as Coimbatore is surrounded by forests, several animals, reptiles and birds are rescued. Usually they bring it to the zoo, but these creatures require a separate space to recover. Though there was a proposal to create one in 2007, nothing has come of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15540481", "title": "\u2018Singh owes an answer to nation\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CPM on Friday launched a scathing attack on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh saying that he owed an explanation to the nation for the manner in which coal blocks were handed to private parties when the coal ministry was under his charge, causing an estimated loss of Rs 1.86 lakh crore to the exchequer.Party MP Tapan Sen said, \"The CAG report on coal block allocation thoroughly exposes government's public private partnership model.\" However, CPM, the first to take a position on the three CAG reports, did not issue any statement on irregularities reported by the government auditor in the Sasan Ultra Mega Power Project as well as in Delhi International Airport Limited (DIAL).However, CPM party leader Nilotpal Basu maintained that Parliament's standing committee on civil aviation under him had objected to user fee being charged by DIAL despite it not being part of the agreement. Similarly, he said commercial use of land was violative of the agreement.The CPM politburo, however, focused entirely on coal blocks. It demanded that those guilty of siphoning off huge resources must be identified and brought to book. \"A substantial part of this could have accrued to the national exchequer if the decision taken way back in June, 2004, to introduce competitive bidding for such allocations was implemented,\" the party said. It also demanded strict monitoring and guidelines for the future with Parliament's approval.CPM leaders Sitaram Yechury and Basu dismissed assertions by Congress that allocations were made at the recommendation of state governments ruled by Left and BJP. Yechury said during Left's rule in West Bengal, it had consistently demanded review of the policy.Basu said many state governments, including the Left, had demanded that coal blocks be given to them so that they could be used as leverage with industry. Instead, government opted for a policy that gave disproportionate emphasis on incentive to private sector. \"Coalgate is identical to 2G spectrum scam where a natural resource was given away for a song,\" Nilotpal Basu said.The Left Front said it had suggested that coal reserves be allocated in such a way that it not only met the needs of the public sector undertakings, state governments and state electricity boards but also be auctioned through a transparent bidding process.Refusal by the central government to heed this suggestion had led to arbitrariness in crucial coal block allocations, \"paving the way for largescale corruption through sweetheart' deals\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15540994", "title": "AI hands over 3 inebriated passengers to Dubai security", "text": "Mangalore: Three allegedly inebriated passengers onboard Air India Express 813 were handed over to Dubai security officials by its crew after they misbehaved with them and the passengers on Friday.The trio, all hailing from Mangalore, had boarded the flight at Bajpe airport. The flight departed for Dubai at 10.45pm on Thursday.The passengers, identified as Praveen Castelino, Ganadhar Bhavani and A K Amith Kumar, started misbehaving with the women cabin crew and later started hurling abuses, when passengers intervened.Sources said the drama unfolded an hour before the flight was to land in Dubai. \"They started demanding more liquor and used abusive language against the cabin crew. At one point of time, the passengers told the trio to shut up as there were infants and children on the aircraft and also they wanted to get some sleep. But they continued their bawdy behaviour,\" the source said.The passengers also did not cooperate with the cabin crew during the landing and tried to move around unbuckling their seatbelts.The source said one of them was using an electronic equipment and a camcorder to video shoot the episode, despite the crew asking them not to do so.Blast from the pastThe source added, \"Their papers were in order, hence will not be deported. They may be let off with punitive action according to Dubai law.\" This is not the first time there have been such incidents on the AIE. A couple of years ago, Ashraf from Puttur threatened to open the entrance door of the flight. Ashraf had also slapped the only male among the crew members onboard.About two years ago, the Dubai- bound AIE flight at 9.30pm was forced to land at the Mumbai airport due to the alleged unruly behaviour of two passengers, who posed a security threat.The passengers - Prasad Shetty and Shanawaz Khan - started demanding alcohol within a few minutes of the flight taking off from Mangalore and even when the belt-fastening signal was on. When their behaviour turned for the worse the captain decided to land the flight in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15543620", "title": "Lakshmi Rai in Kanchana 2", "text": "Lakshmi Rai's career may not have started on a high note, but the actress is gradually climbing up the ladder.Her flick Kanchana, which had Lawrence Raghavendra in the lead role, was a big success after which she managed to bag a cameo in the much-hyped Ajith-starrer Mankatha as well. And now, Lakshmi Rai has bagged a meaty role in the sequel to Kanchana , which is called Kanchana 2 .Lawrence reportedly has promised Lakshmi that he would include her in the sequel and to the latter's surprise bagged the role as well. Lakshmi also has Thaandavam in her kitty, which also stars Vikram and Amy Jackson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15540044", "title": "Pak preparing for military push in north Waziristan?", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Preparations for a military push against militants in North Waziristan appeared to be underway, as a top US army commander held talks with Pakistani military officials on better cooperation along the border with Afghanistan .Residents of the lawless Waziristan tribal region said they had noticed \"abnormal movement of military convoys in the area\" and this had caused fears of another showdown between the army and tribal militants affiliated with al-Qaida , The Express Tribune reported.The top military leadership cancelled holidays for the festival of Eid-ul-Fitr for troops deployed in the region and directed them to stay alert, the report said. The preparations for a possible campaign against militants emerged as general James Mattis, commander of the US Central Command , held talks in Islamabad on Thursday with Pakistan army chief general Ashfaq Pervaiz Kayani.Officials were quoted by the Tribune as saying that Mattis and Kayani would discuss how to eliminate their \"common enemy\" \u2014 Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan chief Hakimullah Mehsud . A statement issued by the US embassy said the two commanders had discussed common security issues, including steps to improve cross-border cooperation.Surveillance craft hit in base attackASaab-2000 airborne early warning aircraft of the Pakistan air force was damaged during the terrorist attack on Kamra airbase, defence minister Naveed Qamar has said. The nose of the aircraft was damaged terrorists stormed the airbase in Punjab province. 2 killed in fresh attack on ShiasTwo persons were killed and 19 others injured in a gun and bomb attack on a group of Shia students in the port city of Karachi on Friday, a day after 25 community members were pulled out of three buses and shot dead by masked gunmen in Pakistan's northwest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15540653", "title": "Police work cellphones to stem exodus", "text": "The city police worked the phones on Friday to counter the panic sparked by bulk SMS, which warned people from the northeast of retaliatory attacks in response to the communal violence in Assam , triggering an exodus of tens of thousands of people fleeing Chennai and other cities for their home states.Cyber cell investigators attempted to track the devices from which the messages were sent and police top brass dispatched two joint commissioners to Chennai Central and Egmore railway stations to reassure people from the northeast that they are safe in the city and persuade them not to leave Chennai in a panic.Police officers sent mass messages themselves, to people from Assam, Manipur, Mizoram, Nagaland and other northeastern states, to inform them that they would be provided with security and had no reason to fear that they would be targeted in reprisal attacks.Officers used a database, with information on workers from other states that police collected after a series of armed bank robberies in the city in January and February, to telephone people individually and convince them that they had nothing to fear. \"We went through the database and called people individually to assure them that they do not face any threat,\" said police commissioner J K Tripathy. \"We asked them not to panic.\"\"We are visiting them in their homes, in hostels and paying guest accommodations, to allay their fears,\" he said. \"We asked them to stay put.\"Director-general of police K Ramanujam said police are closely monitoring the present situation. \"Tamil Nadu is a haven for the people from the northeast,\" he said. \"We will extend all our support to them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15539824", "title": "Eid-ul-Fitr celebrations: South Goa police beef up security", "text": "MARGAO: Following a number of cases pertaining to disputes between rival groups of Muslims over varied issues inside mosques recently, the South Goa police have beefed up security in the areas where these masjids are located, particularly in and around Margao.South Goa SP Allan de Sa, speaking to mediapersons on Friday, said police bandobast will also be put in place in sensitive areas in view of the Eid-ul-Fitr celebrations on Monday.Last month, a fight broke out between two groups in the Gogol housing board masjid over taking control of the masjid committee. A large number of people from Moti Dongor, Khareband and Shirvodem had descended at the housing board within minutes leading to tension in the area. However, timely intervention by the police had helped in diffusing the volatile situation.Last week, clashes broke out between two groups at the Navelim masjid over a trivial issue that led to at least one person sustaining serious injuries. The Margao police booked 23 persons on charges of forming an unlawful assembly armed with deadly weapons, rioting and attempt to murder.On August 15, a dispute erupted at the Malbhat masjid in Margao over some issue concerning committee matters. The timely police intervention helped resolve matters for the time being.With a large congregation of Muslims likely at various masjids on Monday on the occasion of Eid-ul-Fitr, police are taking no chances. Police constables can be seen keeping vigil in some of the sensitive masjids in and around Margao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "moodbidri", "code": "15541042", "title": "Alva's to open exclusive sports academy soon", "text": "Moodbidri: The Alva's Education Foundation is planning to open an exclusive sports academy, which is touted be the first of the kind in the state. Since its inception, the foundation has produced more than 5,000 sportspersons, some of who have represented the country in Olympics and international meets. AEF students have won many state and national level sports competitions and for the past six years AEF has been emerging champion in Mangalore University inter-collegiate athletic meet. International and national level athletes including MR Poovamma, KS Ashok, Akshata Poojary, who won gold medal in power lifting in Commonwealth Games, are among the famous athletes to have come off the AEF assembly line. AEF has been providing free sports coaching and education for its sportspersons. Presently, there are 650 such students on its campus. During the recent junior and senior state-level athletic meet held in Bangalore, two AEF undergraduate students set new state records. Abhishek N Shetty set a new record in decathlon by scoring 6,153 points and Samsheer SE, a BBM student, has set a new state record of 7.52 meters in long jump. The foundation has 22 exclusive coaches for 22 different sports. AEF chairperson M Mohan Alva told TOI that apart from plans of opening exclusive sports academies, they also plan to lay synthetic tracks and set up a fully equipped modern gym.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15538578", "title": "Protest against Assam violence turns unruly", "text": "LUCKNOW: Public property worth lakhs were damaged on Friday when a group of processionists went berserk in the Old City area while protesting against the recent violence in Assam . The incident took place shortly after the Alvida Namaz was offered at Teele Wali Masjid and thousands assembled there started a procession that was to culminate near the Vidhan Sabha.Barely, the procession had moved a few metres, when a section of the mob stormed two parks smashing lights, furniture, sign boards and plants. When the mediapersons accompanying the procession, tried to capture the action in their cameras, the mob turned to attack them. Almost each and every photographer, whom the hoodlums could lay their hands on, was brutally assaulted with iron rods and sticks. Some of the miscreants were also found carrying sharp-edged weapons in their hands. They also damaged a car belonging to a news channel crew, which had gone to cover the Alvida prayers.Allegations are that a posse of police personnel including senior officials who were present with a contingent of PAC back-up stood like mute spectator, even as attacks were made on the mediapersons. As the news about procession and the violence spread , it triggered panic in the other parts of the state capital.Senior officials however claimed that they did chase away those who were indulging in violence. The movement of the unscheduled procession was however not restricted as it could have incensed the gathering. The procession was allowed to proceed only after the organisers assured the authorities that they would not indulge in violence and disown those who create ruckus at the two parks.After the procession reached the Vidhan Sabha Marg and dispersed, mediapersons who had to face the brunt of the hooligans staged a protest demanding immediate action against the police and administrative officials, who were present at the site when they were attacked but did not do anything to rescue the journalists. It was only after the principal secretary (home) RK Srivastava himself reached the site and assured the protesting journalists of a magisterial probe (into the attack on the journalists) that the protest ended. Srivastava also assured that the damaged equipments of the mediapersons will also be replaced by the government.The panic triggered by the violence was so strong that by the time the procession reached the Shaheed Smarak, traders closed their shops and the shoppers hurriedly left the main markets in and around the old city areas including Aminabad, Maulviganj, Nakhkhas, Chowk, Lalbagh and Hazratganj.District authorities later admitted that the procession was an unscheduled one, as all the schedule protests were cancelled by the respective organisers themselves who had communicated their decision to the authorities in writing on Thursday evening itself. There were claims that though some cleric issued a call on the public address system to stop the procession and violence, the mob did not pay any heed to them.Senior superintendent of police (SSP) Lucknow AK Chaturvedi said that FIRs will be lodged in connection with the violence and the mischief mongers will be taken to task. He was however quiet on why the police did not counter those indulging in violence at the very beginning of the protest.Eyewitnesses claimed that what actually fuelled the emotions of the mob was a number of posters that were pasted around the Teele Wali Masjid showing gory scenes of blood bath in Assam. Some pamphlets were also distributed to those who had come to attend the Alvida Namaz carrying the same photographs. The police however claimed that it is yet to be established whether Friday's violence was a premeditated one and who all were involved in managing the unscheduled procession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15540105", "title": "70-year-old helped track boy kidnapped from Gotri", "text": "VADODARA: Had it not been for this 70-year-old villager, the fate of Arpan Pandya, the class X student, who was kidnapped from the city on Wednesday, would have been uncertain.Sixteen-year-old Arpan was kidnapped from Gotri on Wednesday evening but rescued by the city police within 24 hours. He was found from Pavi Jetpur, roughly 85 kms from the city.Even as police traced the ransom call made by his kidnappers to Halol, tracing the boy in far-flung villages in this hilly terrain was not an easy task. It was the assistance from Bhetiya Rathwa (70), a resident of Malushirod village that helped police trek the arduous road, that too in pitch dark.Arpan was kept in a small house in Malushirod.\"Our team had to trek for several kilometres in dark to reach the spot. We wanted to trace the boy quickly as we feared that the kidnappers would kill him. Rathwa helped us in finding the house where the boy was kept. We have announced an award of Rs 10,000 for Rathwa as a token of appreciation,\" said city police commissioner Satish Sharma.He was handed over to his parents safely on Thursday night.According to the police, Arpan was kidnapped by his neighbour Bipin Patel for a ransom of Rs one crore. Arpan was lured to a roadside stall by Bipin's son, following which two people kidnapped him in a car. The kidnappers had also called the victim's father on Thursday for money following which the cops traced the call to a STD PCO in Halol.\"Arpan's father Paresh had recently sold off his land in Sevasi and had got good money. Bipin knew about the land deal as he had borrowed Rs seven lakh from Paresh. We got information that Bipin's nephew Dharmesh alias Lalo was history-sheeter and was seen in the city with his car,\" city police commissioner Satish Sharma said.The police took Bipin along and reached Dharmesh's residence at Umarva village of Pavi Jetpur taluka on Thursday. Dharmesh spilled the beans after intense questioning and admitted that he was involved in the incident. He told the police that his driver Deepsinh alias Deshiyo had taken the kidnapped teenager to Malushirod village.The cops found Deshiyo sleeping outside the house where Arpan was kept. Dharmesh, Deepsinh, Mukesh alias Jadiyo have been arrested. Bipin Patel is yet to be arrested. His 12-year-old boy has also been named as an accused in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15540360", "title": "Labour society to take up hi-tech farming", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Just months after launching the construction of its Rs 600 crore IT Park, the Uralungal Labour Contract Co-operative Society (ULCCS) is on its next mission -- hi-tech farming with multi-crore investment. Over 1,200 workers, majority of them manual labourers, own the society.P Rameshan, president of ULCCS, said the society was planning to take up precision farming in a big way as part of the on-going diversification activities of the 87-year-old society. Its proposed hi-tech farm will be the first one in the district after the state government announced its push for hi-tech farming in this year's budget.\"We feel precision farming can even address the larger issue of food security. It will also help the society regenerate the land used up for soil-mining for road projects. We have identified the land to set up the hi-tech farm and hope to start the project this year itself,\" he said.He said both the IT Park and the precision farming projects had been conceptualized to create the kind of jobs the new generation was comfortable with.ULCCS is in talks with leading consultants in the field to decide on the appropriate technologies to be employed in the farming venture. A ULCCS team will soon visit a model farm at Udumalpetta in Tamil Nadu in this connection.Rameshan said the society planned to bring at least 100 acres of land under hi-tech farming.\"The society owns around 65 acres at Pashukkadavu and another 100 acres at Cherupara apart from small holdings at Iringalthara. Experts from Jain Irrigation Systems have already examined the land.\"The profile of the society owned and run by its 1,243 members would put even blue blooded corporates to shame. It's a leading public works contracting firm engaged mainly in constructing roads, bridges, etc and has assets worth Rs 350 crore.The work on the 10-storey software development building of the UL Cyber Park promoted by the society is proceeding fast. The building will be handed over to the client in March 2013.Founded in 1925 by eminent social-reformer Sri Guru Vagbadananda at Uralungal in Kozhikode district, ULCCS is now an ISO 9001:2008 organization and has so far completed 3,900 contracting works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15540861", "title": "10 months after crash, funeral parade held for Squadron Leader Tomar", "text": "JALANDHAR: Ten months after Squadron Leader Dharmendra Singh Tomar's MiG-29 aircraft crashed into Chokhang peak in Lahaul &amp; Spiti of Himachal Pradesh on the night of October 18, 2011, and recovery of his body parts some days ago, a funeral parade was conducted with full military honours at the Adampur Air Force station in Jalandhar on Friday in presence of his wife Neha Tomar and other family members.Tomar's last remains were collected on July 31 during a search operation launched by the Air Force. His one-and-half-year-old son Ranveer lit the pyre. The funeral parade was attended by air officer commanding, Adampur, Air Force station, Air Commodore Michael Fernandez and other officers and air warriors.Tomar's aircraft had crashed into the mountains of Lahaul &amp; Spiti while undertaking an air defense mission at 8.32 pm on October 18 last year. Immediately after the accident, extensive search was undertaken by the Air Force. However, the crash site could not be accessed due to inhospitable terrain and extreme weather conditions.The first phase of search and rescue operation was temporarily halted on November 6, 2011, primarily due to heavy snowfall in the area. The second phase of search operation started on July 20 by a search team of Indian Army and Indian Air Force. The team reached the crash site and retrieved certain parts of the aircraft. Remains of late Tomar were also found subsequently during the search.The officer was serving the 47 Squadron as a fighter combat leader. He is survived by his wife Neha Tomar and son Ranveer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15539164", "title": "Industrial groups kick-off tree plantation initiative in Ambad", "text": "NASHIK: The Ambad Industries and Manufacturers' Associaton (AIMA) on Friday launched a tree plantation drive for tree plantation in Ambad industrial estate of the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC). industrial estate of Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC).The drive was launched by municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare. at the Recreation Centre of Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) in Ambad MIDC.Speaking on the occasion, Khandare said,\"The initiative taken by the industrial associations as part of its social obligation is laudable,\" Khandare said. and it is good thing that all organisations are coming together for a social cause like plant trees and nurture them.Khandare also assured the industrial groups associations that the civic body would make provide adequate financial provision in the civic budget of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) would be made for infrastructural work in the Satpur and Ambad industrial areas. of MIDC,\" Khandare said.Pradeep Daberao, joint director, industry, Maharashtra, said, \"The greenery seen in the industrial estates of Nashik is not seen in other MIDCs in Maharashtra. The Nashik's industrialists have a strong environmental exceptional awarenessregarding environment. The initiative of tree plantation undertaken by the industrial association like AIMA is commendable.\"\"We have launched the drive with an aim to make Nashik's industry of Nashik as green Industry' by participating in the government's tree plantation programme. We planted around 600 trees today, at different locations within the Ambad industrial estate of MIDC. This green drive will continue in Ambad's industrial areas for around a month. There are nearly 1,500 small, medium and large companies here and we have made it compulsory for each industry to plant at least five saplings in the Ambad MIDC,\" AIMA president Suresh Mali said.Former district collector P Velarasu, during the meeting of the zilla udyog mitra (ZUM), had asked all industrial associations in Nashik to take the initiative in the tree plantation drive across the industrial areas in the district. Nashik.In keeping with this instruction, Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA), AIMA and other industrial bodies had unanimously decided to plant around 40,000 trees in the industrial belt within the district.Accordingly, AIMA has now undertaken the tree plantation drive in Ambad MIDC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "15538954", "title": "Student kills self at Ghaziabad mall", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Panic triggered at EDM Mall, Ghaziabad after an engineering student allegedly committed suicide by jumping off the second floor on Friday evening, police said. The 22-year-old deceased was rushed to a private hospital but was declared brought dead.The deceased, Pankaj Raj Agnihotri, was a native of Jhansi and a first year student at Ideal Institute of Technology in Ghaziabad. Before committing suicide, Pankaj was reportedly talking to his girlfriend on his cellphone and they were having a heated conversation, police said.\"According to witnesses, Pankaj had come to the mall alone and was having an animated discussion on the phone with his girlfriend. Sometime during the conversation, Pankaj got extremely angry and jumped off the second floor,\" police official said.Other visitors at the mall rushed to rescue Pankaj but he could not be revived, an officer said. \"Pankaj sustained severe head injuries and was taken to Meenakshi Hospital where he was declared brought dead\", an officer said.Pankaj's body has been sent for autopsy and will be sent to Jhansi thereafter. \"We have seized the deceased's cellphone on which he was talking to his friend and his identity cards,\" a senior police official said. The girl, to whom Pankaj was last talking, will also be questioned for more details, officer added.\"Pankaj's family and his college administration have been informed. Further investigations are underway,\" officials said.Crime team reached the spot after the accident and the mall was closed for public. \"Some witnesses and security guards are being questioned as they were present on the second floor of the mall at the time of the accident,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15539552", "title": "SC: Our legal system makes life easy for criminals", "text": "NEW DELHI: Our legal system has made life too easy for criminals and too difficult for the law abiding citizens, the Supreme Court said on Friday, referring to the \"dilatory tactics\" of the L N Mishra murder case accused in dragging its trial for the last 37 years.A bench of justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad said the judiciary is not to be blamed for the delay in completion of the trial and it is the accused who have dragged it for so many years.\"We have given our consideration to the submissions made by the counsel for the accused who have repeatedly emphasised that this case is a unique case and this court has not seen such a case earlier and may not see in future.\"We do not intend to comment on this statement. We can only observe, that, our legal system has made life too easy for criminals and too difficult for law abiding citizens,\" the Supreme Court bench said.\"We should certainly give credit to our judicial officers, who have painstakingly suffered with all the dilatory tactics adopted by the accused in dragging on with the proceedings for nearly thirty seven years. They are not to be blamed at all. In fact, they do deserve appreciation while conducting such trials...,\" the Supreme Court observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15542801", "title": "On Naxal issue: Arjun Rampal feels violence is not the answer", "text": "Actor Arjun Rampal , who essays the role of a police officer in Prakash Jha's 'Chakravyuh', which is based on the issue of Naxals, says he was not much aware about the movement of the outlaws till he started shooting for the film, and believes that violence is not the solution.\"I was not that aware about how organized they (Naxals) are, how strongly it is funded, how rapidly it has come into our country, and what a big war it really is. My character in the film believes that if the system stops working then you don't have to destroy it but instead repair it,\" Arjun told reporters here, last night, at the first look of 'Chakravyuh' . \"By violence, atrocities no one is going to get anything. And that is what the character believes and that is what I also believe. I don't think that violence is really the answer,\" he said. While, shooting for this film Arjun was saddened to see the plight of people living in the interiors. \"I have gone and visited the interiors of India where we have shot and you see the way the villagers are living, its so sad and depressing.They don't have water, medicine, hospitals and roads...if we can distribute it well and send it there, it will be great,\" he said. \"This movie is very important for every Indian to see as it is a war that you cannot escape. And every Indian needs to be aware of this. We hope that we all can together, find a solution which will be the right solution,\" he added. Sporting a moustache, Arjun is playing the role of a courageous cop in ' Chakravyuh '. \"I play the part of a police officer his name is SP Adil Khan, he is a third generation cop. His family has been in police. He is very righteous, good and super fit. But again the character goes through dilemma..it is like a guy who wants to do his job but finds himself stuck in a 'Chakravyuh ',\" Arjun said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15540094", "title": "Rape accused escapes from Godhra court, nabbed again", "text": "VADODARA: An accused involved in a rape and abduction case escaped when he was convicted by a sessions court in Godhra on Friday afternoon. He was later found hiding in a farm near Godhra.The incident took place soon after the court pronounced Mahendra Baria guilty of rape and abduction. He was awarded a seven-year imprisonment by the court. Baria managed to give a slip to the escort party and escaped from the court.A major manhunt was launched to locate Baria, who is a resident of Zorapura village in Ghoghamba taluka. Teams of the parole and furlough squad, special operations group, local crime branch and Godhra town police were pressed into action to locate Baria. He was found in a farm near Vavdi near Godhra town.Baria was accused of abducting a woman by promising to marry her and raping her in 2011. He was arrested in connection with the offence and Friday was the final hearing on his case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "15539083", "title": "Bodoland People's Progressive Front says Centre should set up panel", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The opposition Bodoland People's Progressive Front (BPPF) on Friday said the exodus of NE people from south Indian cities is not a good sign for Assam and the country as a whole. BPPF president Rabiram Narzary said the state government should take measures to send these people back to their respective places of work.BPPF leader and former MP U G Brahma demanded that the Centre form a parliamentary committee and send the members to oversee the ground situation in Assam, Mumbai, Karnataka, Pune, Andhra Pradesh etc. He questioned as to why the Centre has not convened an all-party meet on the violence in Assam, which is causing a panic chain reaction across south Indian cities. Brahma said the Centre should intervene to control the volatile situation in Assam. He further said the situation could go beyond control if the exodus issue is not taken seriously. He said a meeting should be held with all democratic organizations.Meanwhile, the BPPF came down heavily on the police for creating a reign of terror on the peaceful protesters on Thursday at Tamulpur in Baksa district.At least 12 people were injured when police lobbed teargas shells and rubber pellets at them. Police also opened fire in air. Police arrested 65 Bodo villagers in Tamulpur after a Tata Nano was set ablaze by local villagers on Wednesday midnight. The cops also launched a crackdown when the Bodo villagers protested against the arrest in a democratic way.The BPPF has demanded that the erring police officers should be transferred. He said the police failed to nab the people involved in the burning of buses and other vehicles in Rangiya. He alleged that state police have been giving protection only to outsiders and not to the indigenous people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15540444", "title": "Modi plays down PM talk", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chief minister Narendra Modi refused to deliver a speech at a meet of All India Management Association (AIMA) in the city on Friday and instead told corporate glitterati to ask questions.\"I am not in a mood to give a speech and instead want all of you to ask me questions,\" said Modi, who otherwise misses no chance to give a speech, pauses for applause, and avoids taking questions. He said he was in a light mood and would not mind questions. Modi took a dig at Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Gujarat governor Dr Kamla and the media.Most industry leaders were merrily pitching for 'PM Modi' in their questions and a few even asked why isn't he conquering his party members and allies to climb to the national-level of politics. However, Modi parried the questions stating that he was unaffected by the issue. \"People doing 'pranayam' will be well aware that gradually you don't listen to noises around. You become 'Nirvikar'. In the same way, I am Nirvikar about all these issues and focused on Gujarat,\" he said.Taking a dig at the governor, Modi said, she has not been clearing an urban planning and infrastructure college only because it falls in his constituency. \"The college building is ready and all norms have been followed. But since it is in Maninagar, which is my constituency, and this is not a Congress government, the governor has denied permission,\" he said.When asked about how India can have a double digit growth, he said, \"Recession is an opportunity. It's possible to get a double digit growth. Gujarat has proved it. But the central government is not doing it,\" said Modi, who once again registered his dissent over PM's speech on the Independence Day.The confident Modi replying to a question shared his optimism about rains, stating 'Abhi to barish baki hai'. Political pundits believe monsoon will play a major role in the upcoming Gujarat elections. As in the last decade Gujarat has seen handsome rainfall which has helped Modi to take credit of the bumper agriculture growth.However, industry captains from different cities were unable to respond to the query on purpose of the session which looked like a small gathering pitching for Modi's promotion to national scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15539628", "title": "Bank manager and deputy held for fraud", "text": "CHENNAI: Central crime branch (CCB) sleuths have arrested the manager and an assistant manager of the Tambaram branch of Karnataka Bank for swindling 4.25 crore through fake gold loan without pledging any jewellery with the bank. When the bank audit officials pinned down on them, the duo promised to return the money within a week.As promised, the manager Harikumar, 39, and the assistant manager, Durai, 32, returned the money in cash and jewellery. The bank officials were stunned and they reaudited the bank accounts. They were shocked to find that the jewellery and cash were again swindled by the manager and the assistant manager to settle the matter. Harikumar and Durai, after checking the balances in the accounts of customers, used their powers to take money from their bank accounts and submitted them to the audit officials.Based on the complaint of the present Karnataka Bank manager Laxmi Narayanan, CCB officials have registered a case and arrested Harikumar and Durai. They were sent to Puzhal prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15540634", "title": "\u2018Not just bad deals, staff too bleeding AI\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Air India's bleeding fortunes are not just the result of ill-timed aircraft purchases. The company is being wrung dry by employees against whom a few hundred cases of corruption have emerged in the past three years. In response to a parliamentary question, minister for civil aviation Ajit Singh revealed that in 2012 alone, 19 cases of irregularities have surfaced.Cases of misdemeanor and financial irregularities, include several incidents of overcharging, fraudulent billing and taking undue advantage of airline facilities by crew and senior management. This year, an executive came under the lens for drawing pay and allowances of the ED rank, benefitting by about Rs 25 lakh. Cases of fudging attendance records to claim overtime or availing of extra leaves is also a common practice. In 2011, three officers were transferred for missing work without permission and neglecting work. Investigation is also on in the case of pilots being paid regular allowances during a period in which they abstained from work for personal reasons.A pilot who neglected to carry his crew certificate on an international flight was fined by the German immigration, an amount the airline had to cough up. In a separate case, departmental action has been recommended against a pilot who joined Watuniya Airlines while simultaneously being employed with Air India .The airline is also to recover over Rs 29 lakh from 22 pilots who were paid flying and other allowances despite not being eligible for them. Another flaw in the management has been seeing expat pilots being paid from the time that they sign the contract with the airline, even though they are not available for flying for at least a month after that. In 2009, a training captain claimed Rs 2.2 crore as flying and simulator allowance. It was later found the pilot had been grounded for medical reasons when the claim was made. Stealing of spare parts and duty-free alcohol from on board is another common practice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15539129", "title": "1 injured in hit-and-run", "text": "NASHIK: Deepak More (39), of Abhiyanta Nagar, Kamatwade, was injured when the bike he riding was hit by an autorickshaw in the opposite direction on August 8. More alleged that the auto was speeding when it collided against his bike near Kilbil School on College Road. The auto driver fled the scene soon after.Laptops, silver idol burgled from bungalow: Two laptops and a silver idol, collectively worth Rs 86,000 were stolen in broad daylight on Thursday at the bungalow of Dr Prakash Ankare of Anjani Nagar, Canal Road, Anandwalli Shivarin between 1.30 pm and 5.30 pm.The burglars entered the bungalow from the rear its back door by breaking the latch and stole the laptops and silver deity and decamped with the valuables. The Gangapur Police are investigating the case.Cell phone sets stolen: As many as 20 mobile sets and a few others that had come for reparing at were stolen from a shop in Satpur on the intervening night of Monday and Tuesday. In his complaint, Ajay Borse of Jadhav Sankul said that the burglary occurred between 10pm and 8am of August 14.The burglars broke through the shop's concrete roof the cement sheet on the shop to enter it and made away with the goodthat were worth stole the mobile phone sets worth Rs 22,390.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15539228", "title": "Mini trains to run in two city gardens", "text": "SURAT: Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has come up with a Rs 9 crore 'mini train' project in Sheth Shri Navinchandra Mafatlal Udhyan at Bhestan and Sneh Rashmi Botanical Garden at Ugat. This project is part of the many recreational and leisure facilities that the civic body has planned for the denizens in the diamond city like the Rs 400 crore integrated indoor amusement park at Magob.The 'Joy Train' project will be launched under the Public Private Partnership (PPP) model and the civic body has already invited Expression of Interest (EOIs) from the interested parties.The project will be developed on the lines of the mini-trains at Kankaria Lake by Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ). The joy train is expected to attract a large number of visitors as the rides could be enjoyed by people from all age groups.\"When it comes to recreation and leisure, the diamond city lags behind. The residents spend their time during the weekends either visiting the gardens, on Gaurav Path and at Dumas Chowpaty. The train project has been designed specially to provide entertainment , recreation and leisure to the residents,\" said DC Gandhi, executive engineer (housing).According to Gandhi, the last date of submitting the EOIs is August 31 and the civic body is hopeful of getting at least five interested parties to partner in the mini train project. The mini trains are running successfully at Kankaria Lake in Ahmedabad.Bhestan Garden has been developed in an area of 93,186 square metres and its major attraction is the floral clock, which is Asia's biggest and many water fountains. On the other hand, the Botanical Garden at Ugat has been developed in an area of 1,41,192 square metres and it houses a huge lake.\"If all goes well then the city will have the mini trains in the two gardens in 2013,\" said Gandhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15542391", "title": "Farah determined to release documentary on Ashok Mehta", "text": "When Ashok Mehta passed away suddenly on 15 August he left behind a gorgeous legacy. Film critic Khalid Mohammed had been busy piecing together the complicated pieces of Mehta's accomplishment in a documentary when the cinematographer passed away.And now, when Mehta is gone and the documentary remains unfinished, Farah Khan who is closely associated with the project, is more determined than ever to see make sure the the documentary is released.Speaking about her involvement with this ambitious documentary Farah says, \"It started off simply enough when Khalid Mohammed told me he was making a documentary on Ashok Mehta. Since I knew Ashok very close he suggested I interview him for the documentary. I happily trudged to Ashok's home to spend one evening with him. Little did I knew that was just the beginning.\"That one enlightening session with Ashok turned for Farah into a preamble for many such sessions spent with the man who re-defined cinematography.Says Farah, \"After that one meeting I found myself going back to Ashok many times again for the documentary. The more I met him the more I realized how much Ashok had achieved as a professional . I was hooked. I think meeting Ashok for Khalid's documentary was a turning-point in my relationship with cinema.\"Farah feels the documentary must be released. \"Future generations should know what Ashok Mehta was all about. I think Khalid has collected an amazing volume of facts and visuals on Ashok.Although Ashok is gone, the documentary must be completed and shown to the world.\"Farah is willing to pitch in with whatever the saga of Ashok Mehta takes to get released. \"I am very much there to see the film getting complete. But Khalid has to take the final decision on how and when to release it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "15539066", "title": "Naga govt to award Rs 10 lakh each to Mary, Vijay", "text": "Kohima: The Nagaland government has announced a cash award of Rs 10 lakh each for Manipuri woman boxer M C Mary Kom and army shooter Vijay Kumar.Wishing the two sportspersons success in their future endeavours, Nagaland chief minister Neiphiu Rio also congratulated the Indian Olympic contingent for its performance at the recent London Olympics.Rio extended special congratulations to Mary Kom, who hails from Manipur and won a bronze medal in women's boxing.The chief minister observed that her achievement is highly commendable and she has brought pride and glory to the whole country.Her feat should inspire the youth of the country to strive for excellence and success at the highest levels, Rio's message stated.Rio, who is the president of the Nagaland Olympic Association, also congratulated Vijay Kumar , who won a silver medal in shooting at the Olympics.Kumar is from the Dogra Regiment of the Army and is currently placed in 3 Corps at Rangapahar area in Dimapur district of Nagaland.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15540827", "title": "Sirsa businessmen helping Kanda in Nepal?", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana town Sirsa's Nepal connection is fuelling Delhi police's suspicion that former Haryana minister of state for home Gopal Kanda, who was named in a suicide note by her former employee Geetika Sharma, is hiding in the Himalayan nation.Sirsa, Kanda's hometown bordering Rajasthan, has a strong presence of Marwari community, which has several huge business establishments in Sirsa and Nepal. Around 200 families from Sirsa are settled in Nepal who have links with Gopal Kanda also. According to sources, Marwaris from the district are engaged in textile and timber business in Kathmandu and other parts of Nepal. Kanda is also from the same community. Besides Sirsa city, a large number of traders from Ellenabad town in the district are settled in Nepal.Kanda, who is on the run after the suicide, has good contacts among the Marwari community in Nepal. The Delhi police had detained Kanda's close relative Bunty Bansal on Thursday suspecting that he received Kanda's phone calls from Nepal.Bunty's elder brother Ashok Bansal told TOI that one of their relatives stays in Nepal but they never called Kanda.The Marwari businessmen from Sirsa often make trips to Nepal to meet their relatives. They normally take the Gorakhpur route to travel to Nepal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15543125", "title": "Viira Cabs launch crusade against rogue drivers at airport", "text": "MUMBAI: The Viira Cabs, a fleet taxi operator run exclusively by women, has launched a massive crusade against the rogue drivers at the domestic airport.It has petitioned senior police officers, explaining the modus operandi of drivers who fleece passengers and cause \"nuisance\" at the airport's taxi bay. Recently, a woman driver working with Viira was assaulted by a driver owning a Cool Cab and the later was arrested and charged with outraging modesty of the woman.This incident had prompted Viira Cabs management to launch a crusade against rogue drivers. Said Preeti Sharma Menon from Viira Cabs,\"There are two forms of touting at the domestic airport. The terminal's prepaid counter does not print the taxi number on the pre-paid receipt unlike the international airport. As a result, when a customer walks out, touts choose the taxi and pocket a fee from the driver.Customers get heckled in the process and drivers who refuse to pay the tout a fee wait for hours to get a fare.\" The second modus was -- \"Outers\" grab passengers on arrival who have opted for the pre-paid service and instead of taking them to the regular taxi/auto stand take them directly to a taxi or auto which is circling the precinct and take a cut from the driver.Menon alleged that law enforcers were bribed by these touts and this was the reason they were rarely caught. Airport officials and local police denied the charge, with a traffic cop at the airport saying that the police did not allow touts to roam anywhere near the taxi bay. Menon, who is also an active member of India Against Corruption, added, \"In the past, no complaints have been registered against the touts. Even if you can get a complaint registered, no action will be taken as they are well-networked.\" She plans to meet police commissioner Arup Patnaik and demand action against the rogue drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15540820", "title": "30 more diesel buses to hit road", "text": "LUDHIANA: The global roar to go green is falling on deaf ears in the city. The municipal corporation of the country's most polluted city, Ludhiana, is adding diesel buses, rather than CNG ones, to the city bus service.Thirty new buses -- equipped with facilities like global positioning system, information technology system and close circuit television cameras -- will soon be added to the existing 20-bus fleet.Baljeet Singh, manager of the city bus service, said their order was placed in May 2011 and each bus cost about Rs 48 lakh. \"The buses have reached Chandigarh and will be delivered to Ludhiana in September,\" he added.When asked why CNG buses were not purchased, he said, \"Unavailability of CNG here is the main reason. Once we have CNG-filling stations, we will convert diesel-run buses into CNG ones. The cost of conversion will be not less than Rs 10 lakh per bus. Besides, we have to buy 150 more buses for Ludhiana... we will ensure that all these are CNG-run,\" he added.\"The logic behind spending money on their conversion cannot be understood. It highlights MC's lack of vision and planning. Many cities, like Chandigarh and Delhi, have opted for CNG buses,\" said Jatinder Maudgill, the first transporter (operator) to start CNG bus service in Delhi. He had filed a petition in the Punjab and Haryana high court for CNG buses in Punjab, especially in Ludhiana, Jalandhar and Amritsar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "15539898", "title": "Locals clear visitors' mess in Chorla", "text": "KERI: As large numbers of indigenous tourists flock to the Chorla Ghat areas of Keri-Sattari, it has become flooded with non-biodegradable waste, which is fast-becoming an eyesore for wildlife as well as for locals during the monsoon.Taking note of this problem on the eve of Independence Day, Kumbhar samaj Yuva Manch Goa in collaboration with the various agencies organized a cleanliness drive in Chorla Ghat region. Students and youth collected thousands of plastic bottles, bags and other non-biodegradable waste that were thrown around in and around the Mhadei wildlife sanctuary, as well as in the forested areas of the Keri range.The sarpanch of Keri, Jivabarao Rane, said, \"Our panchayat has unnecessarily become a victim of tourists who are recklessly throwing plastic and other non-biodegradable garbage in an undisciplined manner.\"The president of the manch, Goa, Nilesh Shetkar, said, \"We started the cleanliness drive last year on Independence Day; this year too, we have received a good response from students and likeminded NGOs from the locality.\" Raghudas Tari, the NSS programme officer of Government college, Sanquelim, said, \"Our students collected almost a truckload of plastic waste dumped in this area by tourists.\" The Sanquelim municipality made arrangements for taking this non-biodegradable waste from forested areas. Besides national service scheme volunteers, youth too participated actively in the cleanliness drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15540147", "title": "Onam celebrations: Kadalundi to lure tourists this year", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Kadalundi grama panchayat is all set to exploit the Onam festival season to lure more tourists to the panchayat which is already known as a bird-watcher's paradise with the presence of a bird sanctuary here. This year, the panchayat is planning a four-day Onam celebration, which begins on August 25.Those who visit Kadalundi during the fest will get an opportunity to taste the traditional cuisines prepared by the Kudumbasree members. Catering units in the area have also been invited to showcase their special delicacies.Kudumasree members will also exhibit their products in the fair.Variety entertainment programmes are also being planned. The panchayat has earmarked a sum of Rs 4 lakh towards the fest.The main attraction of the festival will be a two kilometre-long 'jalagoshayatra' on the Kadalundi river on August 28. Floats featuring Onam themes and traditional art forms like theyyam, kathakalli and thiruvathirakkali will be part of the procession.\"We are planning to transform Kadalundi into a major tourist destination during the Onam season every year. Last year the Kudumbasree members had fetched a sale of Rs 8 lakh from the fair and this year we are planning to cross that margin,\" said Kadalumdi grama panchayat president T K Shailaja.A meeting will be held soon to chalk out a detailed plan for the celebration,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15537878", "title": "Man United get first Indian director in Manu Sawhney", "text": "MUMBAI: Indians are slowly but surely making their presence felt in the world's most popular football league - English Premier League (EPL). After the acquisition of Blackburn Rovers by poultry giants Venky's last year, the latest Indian to enter the EPL is Manu Sawhney, who is set to join Manchester United as director next month.He is one of the three non-executive board members and the only Indian and Asian chosen globally to be part of the glamour club's management.Sawhney, 45, will be joining the club after a 16-year stint with leading sports broadcasters ESPN Star Sports (ESS), which saw him head the company's South Asia business in the capacity of managing director from October 2007.Confirming the development, Sawhney told TOI in a chat from Singapore: \"It's a great honour and wonderful opportunity to be part of Manchester United, a club with such a rich history.\"Sawhney started his career at ESS India in 1996 as marketing manager. As MD, Sawhney played a key role in the acquisition of International Cricket Council's (ICC) global telecast and marketing rights for eight years, broadcast rights for England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) as well as Cricket Australia (CA).Sawhney said United's global image has taken a huge jump after the company was listed on the New York Stock Exchange. \"The club's popularity has taken a big leap after it got listed on NYSE. As Asia has one of the biggest fan base (approx 325 million) and is an emerging market, my job will be to assist in helping the club reach more and more territories across the continent,\" said Sawhney, who holds a degree in Mechanical Engineering from Birla Institute of Technology &amp; Science, Pilani.However, the 45-year-old refused to divulge more details about his role. \"My contractual limitations don't let me disclose anything beyond this that as a director I will be part of everything that will help the club transform into football's biggest brand,\" he said. Sawhney also hinted at building more Man United Soccer Schools (MUSS) in the country to encash on the popularity of football. India got its first MUSS earlier this year in Mumbai. \"If the club has to utilise its rich fan base, it will have to open more soccer schools across Asia,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15540565", "title": "Bank strike on August 22, 23", "text": "KANPUR: More than 10 lakh bank employees will go on a country-wide strike on August 22 and 23 under the aegis of United Forum of Bank Unions.Hundreds of employees of different nationalised banks, held a protest at Birhana road under the aegis of UP Bank Employees Union. They raised slogans.Addressing bankmen, UP Bank Employees Association leader Ashok Shukla said that the Central government had forced the nationalised banks towards privatisation. He said that Rs 50 lakh crore deposited in banks belong to masses and if the money goes into the private hands it will be misused.He also condemned the changes in the banking policies which is not in the interest of the people of the country. Shukla also criticized the new licence policy made by the government to change the basic functionality of the banks.UP Bank Employees Union president BK Mishra slammed the government for trying to end the bank unions.Another speaker condemned the Centre for its policy of merging the banks. He said that this will destroy the healthy banking sector in the country.The speakers demanded that the Central government should provide job to the dependants of the bank employee dying in harness and upgradation of pension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "15539448", "title": "Sirohi violence: Traders call for indefinite bandh", "text": "JODHPUR: Three days after a violent clash between two groups of different communities erupted in Sirohi, tension prevailed on Friday.Traders' association called for an indefinite market bandh even as the district administration continued to impose curfew in Krishnaganj. The prohibitory orders were relaxed for five hours on Friday. \"We are keeping a close watch on the situation and have deployed police in sensitive areas\", said IGP D C Jain.A fight over a football match snowballed into a 'communal clash' on Wednesday that left at least seven persons injured. The police had arrested 18 people so far for the violence in which a bike, a jeep and a shop were set ablaze.\"Our immediate concern is to restore peace and harmony in the area,\" said Jain.\"The situation is turning normal and therefore, we relaxed the curfew from 6am to 9 am and 5pm to 7pm,\" he added.Muslims in the area offered namaz and prayed for peace. \"If everything remains normal, we may lift the curfew by Eid\", Jain said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15540141", "title": "Dedicated Freight Corridor process stayed near city", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court (HC) has stayed the process of acquisition of land and laying railway tracks between Sabarmati and Pansar village for the purpose of building Dedicated Freight Corridor (DFC) for at least three weeks.Acting on a PIL filed by Railway Corridor Virodh Kisan Sangh, a bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala sought explanation on Thursday from the concerned authorities including the central government and Dedicated Freight Corridor Corporation India Ltd (DFCCIL) about change in their plan to lay railway tracks.As per the case details, DFC was to be set up parallel to the Mumbai-Delhi railway track that passes through Sabarmati and Mehsana as part of the Centre's Golden Quadrilateral Project. However, there was some change in the scheme and the alignment was changed from Pansar village in Mehsana. Accordingly, the authorities initiated the process of acquiring land for laying down the tracks.This change in plan is likely to affect farmers of 26 villages in Kalol, Kadi and Sanand blocks. Expressing reservations to the changed scheme, these farmers made representations before the authorities, but to no avail. Finally, they formed a union and moved a PIL in HC stating that the original plan by DFCCIL was quite suitable to everyone. In this original plan, only a few farmers were to lose their land. But now with the change in alignment, a large number of farmers will be losing their cultivable and fertile lands.Moreover, advocate Mahesh Bhatt, who appeared for the farmers, also contended that the change in alignment will not only adversely affect farmers, but it will also prove costly. The senior counsel has requested the court to stay the procedure initiated by the authorities at least till this petition is disposed of.After hearing him, the division bench said, \"The petitioner has made out a strong prima facie case to have an interim order of status quo as regards and nature, character and possession of the property for a period of three weeks.\"This PIL will come up for hearing again on August 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15539689", "title": "No headway in Miramar murder: Cops", "text": "PANAJI: There has been no headway made in the investigation of the murder of the man whose headless body was found on the Miramar beach three days ago.The body, which was washed ashore, was identified as that of Laxman Sawant, 60. He was missing three days before the body was found and a missing report was lodged with the Mapusa police.Agasaim police, meanwhile, say Kunal Jain, who was injured in the accident at Agasaim in which five persons died, is improving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15540651", "title": "Registration and Licensing Authority plans to ready RC on same day", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After failing to deliver the RC even after three months, the Registration and Licensing Authority (RLA) has now chalked out a plan to deliver the RC on the same day by installing all related machines at their office.Till last, year the RLA used to deliver RC on the same day after the file passed all requisite conditions. The problem arose when supply of plastic used in making of RCs fell short. On an average 400 vehicles comes for registration everyday, but as the supply dwindled the backlog has created a gap of 3 months.The RLA procures the cards from The Society of Promotion of IT in Chandigarh (SPIC). SPIC is a government body that procures the plastic from a firm in Singapore. As the cards were not delivered by Singapore company to SPIC so RLA fell short of them.This problem is also bypassing the rules as according to motor vehicle act, a new vehicle needs to get permanent number within a month of purchase. But these days even traffic cops don't issue tickets to vehicles if the driver can show the RLA slip.Now, RLA authorities have decided that they will themselves allot the tender of supplying the card to the company and will increase the printing machines so as to restore the previous system of delivering the RC on same day, but for this people need to wait for another two months.Registration and Licensing officer Sanjeev Kohli said soon they will invite tenders so that delivery of RC can be given on the same day, but it will take about two months to start this new system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15538668", "title": "Official denied bail for trafficking bid", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has denied bail to an immigration official posted at IGI Airport and three others, arrested for allegedly trying to send a Tibetan to Switzerland through Kenya without valid travel documents.Additional chief metropolitan magistrate Sameer Bajpai denied bail to immigration official Devender Singh Panwar and his three accomplices, saying investigation is still at its initial stage. \"The accused persons have been named in the disclosure statement of the passenger (Wangchuk). The investigation is still at its initial stage,\" he said, adding that more people are to be arrested and interrogated in the case.The three co-accused, Vidhyadhar, Vinit Bose and Anil Kumar Teotia, were also denied bail by the court.The accused were arrested after Tibetan refugee Jigmey Singe Wangchuk was found trying to board a Kenyan Airlines flight at IGI Airport on July 31. he was detained after the immigration officials conducted a surprise check at the boarding gate of the flight. The court had also dismissed the bail plea of Wangchuk earlier.Wangchuk had told the police that he was a Tibetan and wanted to go to Switzerland for a job. He had allegedly come in contact with a Nepalese woman agent, who had assured him that she could send him to Switzerland and manage a good job for him there for Rs 5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15540475", "title": "India's food subsidy grew by 300%, says IIM-A study", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Food subsidies have grown by more than 300 per cent in a period of six years between 2006-07 and 2011-12, says a study by the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A).According to the study, food subsidies increased from Rs 2,850 crore in 1991-92 to about Rs 72,823 crore in 2011-12, an increase of over 25 times in 21 years. As a result, its share in total central government subsidies under non-planed expenditure increased from 23.3 per cent to 33.7 per cent.\"India has one of the largest food subsidy programmes in the world that has created a relatively effective social safety net but is also being increasingly criticized because of its large contribution to government budget deficits, economic inefficiency and poor targeting,\" says the working paper Food Subsidy in India: Trends, Causes and Policy Reform Options by IIM-A faculty member-Vijay Paul Sharma.According to the study, increase in procurement prices was the main contributor that increased economic cost of foodgrains, which is responsible for rising food subsidy. \"The proportion of expenditure on food items has declined by about 10 per cent in the rural areas and by about 16 per cent in the urban areas between 1987-88 and 2009-10 but low income class of consumers spend about 65 per cent of their total expenditure on food items in rural areas and about 62 per cent in urban areas,\" it says. The economic cost of rice has increased from Rs 1,391 per quintal in 2006-07 to Rs 2,184 in 2011-12, an increase of about 57 per cent. In case of wheat it has increased from Rs 1,178 to Rs 1,652 (40.3% increase). Increase in procurement price (74.2% in rice and 67.1% in wheat) was the main reason for the increase in economic cost of foodgrains.The relative importance of individual food commodities in the food budgets also varies among consumers. In case of the poor, cereals account to more than 30 per cent of the expenditure incurred on food, while in case of the rich, it accounts for less than 20 per cent. The share of high value products, namely, livestock and fruits and vegetables is high in rural areas (46.6%) than in urban areas (44.6%). Therefore, the level of food prices is an important determinant of the purchasing power of people.Excessive food grain stocks have also contributed to high food subsidy as there is very high positive association between food stocks and carrying costs of stocks, the study concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15540381", "title": "Ex-IAS man to oversee digitization of records", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Friday appointed retired IAS officer V Balasubramaniam as the court commissioner to oversee indexing , scanning and digitization of revenue records. This includes the task of crosschecking the correctness of the data furnished. Justice Huluvadi G Ramesh passed the order while asking the authorities \u2014 DCs/Acs and revenue department \u2014 to extend all help, like police protection to the senior bureaucrat, at the time of field work/survey. Balasubramaniam, who appeared in the court, gave his consent for the job. The judge said the government could lay hands on private lands based on public purposes and suitability so that misuse or abuse of discretion could be eliminated. Listing out the benefits of digitization of revenue records, he said having statistics of government land available in each village/taluk/district will help government take timely action if there is encroachment of land. It will also help in making use of land for industrialization /urbanization. The court has fixed October 16 as the next date of hearing while granting time till October 8 to the authorities to complete the process of indexing/scanning and digitization of revenue records.Order on hospital stayedAdivision bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen has stayed the June 30 government order handing over the 100-bed General Hospital at Bailhongal in Belgaum to Jawaharlal Nehru Medical College run by Karnataka Lingayat Education Society. The petitioners, Rafeeq Mugud Sab Badiger and two others, said the people are happy with the services and handing over of the hospital was done upon a representation submitted to the CM on November 17, 2011, by an MLA representing Bailhongal constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15539192", "title": "One killed in Chirang, Gogoi holds all-party meeting", "text": "GUWAHATI: Violence rocked Bodoland again on Friday when a man belonging to the minority community was shot dead by unidentified gunmen at Salekati in Chirang district at 7.30 pm, when curfew was relaxed.The deceased has been identified as Khasem Ali, who was shot in front his pharmacy. Police recovered empty shells of 9mm pistol from the spot and haven't ruled out the involvement of militants in the attack.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi appealed to all political parties to ensure ceasefire \"till the dust settles down\".After a lull of 10 days, violence erupted in new areas in Baksa, Nalbari and Kamrup (rural) district on Thursday. This was in connection with the clashes that broke out on July 20 between Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslims in lower Assam. The violence in Kokrajhar was brought under control after the army was deployed on July 25. Violence was again reported on August 6 in Chirang after which the situation was normal.Assam police IG (law and order), L R Bishnoi, said curfew in Rangiya in Kamrup (rural) has been relaxed. \"No incident of fresh violence has been reported. The situation is under control,\" he said, adding that the army and police are keeping strict vigil.Police clarified that they had fired tear-gas shells and rubber pellets to disperse the unruly mob that had gheraoed Tamulpur police station in protest against the detention of 65 people in connection with the burning of a car at Kaurbaha on Thursday.At an all-party meeting convened by Gogoi and attended by representatives of the Congress, AIUDF, BJP, AGP, Trinamool Congress , NCP, BPF, CPI, CPI(M) and SUCI, the CM appealed to all political parties to work for the restoration of peace and harmony in Assam. He also asked them to exercise restraint and not to make provocative statements that may aggravate the crisis.\"It's not the time to indulge in mud-slinging to gain political mileage. We have to restrain ourselves for at least two-three months till the dust settles down,\" he said.\"Our priority is to restore peace and rehabilitate the affected people. We have to remove fear from their minds and ensure a sense of security so that they can return to their homes,\" he said.Gogoi said the government is ensuring there is no dearth of relief material in camps. \"By and large, people are getting relief material. We have taken steps to decongest overcrowded camps to overcome problems of sanitation.\"Gogoi apprised party representatives at the meeting about his telephonic talk with the Union home minister, chief ministers of Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh , urging them to take up measures to instill confidence among migrants. \"I must appreciate the steps taken by my counterparts. We have to create a congenial atmosphere for them to go back soon,\" he said.The chief minister pointed out that many burning problems will be solved once NRC is upgraded. \"I know the process is time consuming, but we have to complete it,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15539950", "title": "Godrej Interio to open 15 showrooms", "text": "KOCHI: Godrej Interio, the furniture arm of Godrej &amp; Boyce Mfg Co, will open 15 new showrooms in Kerala this financial year, said Anil S Mathur, chief operating officer of Godrej Interio. \"We had revenues of Rs 80 crore from Kerala during the last fiscal year and is expecting Rs 105 - 110 crore in the current financial year,\" he said to reporters in Kochi after launching the company's Onam offers for the Kerala market. Total annual revenues were Rs 1,330 crore and the company is targeting Rs 1,650 crore in fiscal 2013, he added.The company is offering a 20% discount on all office and home furniture range during Onam. It has also introduced a scratch card option with a prize of 100% discount on items bought. On Friday, the company organized a sapling plantation drive at Subhash Park in Kochi as part of its 'Naked Tree Initiative' campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15539356", "title": "Upcoming singers regale at Swargandh", "text": "NAGPUR: It was a melodious mix of 20 Hindi and Marathi songs which were rendered by upcoming city artists Gopal Aiyyar and Shrinidhi Ghatate. Sharing the stage with them was the better known city singer Manjari Vaidya. Presented by Swarved with Sukhkarta, 'Swargandh' managed to regale the audiences at the Scientific Society hall on Friday evening.Setting the mood with a Ganpati vandana, Morya morya mangalmurti moray sung by Manjari, the singers unfolded an evening of fine entertainment by rendering hits like Phoolon ke rang se, Agani maza, ye raatein ye mausam, Vazele ke barah among many other. Debuting on stage with a classical number Aihiyon sangh akhiyan lagi, Aiyyar felt the pulse of the audience but had them in his grips with the soulful Kahin door jab din dhal jaaye. Matching her vocals with fellow artists was young Shrinidhi who began with the Marathi number Agani maza mor nachane but proved her mettle with Suno sajana. Dominating the evening with her powerful voice matured by years of singing Manjari's Aao huzoor tumka was pitch perfect.Explaining the purpose of Swarved for organizing these events organizer Shiela Kulkarni said, \"We try to boost local talent through these shows. Gopal works at the high court and his passion is music. He has pursued it and persevered with his efforts to polish his singing. We watch with pride as these young artists bloom and move on.\"The same applies to the members of orchestra who play, said Kulkarni about the new set of musicians on stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15539945", "title": "14 gangsters arrested in police sweep in S 24-Parganas", "text": "KOLKATA: 14 criminals were arrested from different parts of South 24-Parganas by the district police on Thursday and Friday.Ali Asgar from Gazipara in Canning is believed to be the leader of a gang of robbers. The other gang members, including Isaraful Shekh from Ghutiari Sharif, Mujibar Molla of Jibantala, Shyam Singh of Hasanpur under Sonarpur police station, were also arrested.Police have recovered two revolvers, five rounds of ammunitions, seven bombs, 23 mobile phones and choppers from their possession. Police said they were involved in as many as six crimes committed recently. Shyam Singh, for instance, is an ace hand in bike lifting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15540723", "title": "Northeast exodus: When Central railway station turned into a refugee camp", "text": "CHENNAI: Jumi Hazarika couldn't believe what she was seeing on platform 11 of Central railway station. She had come from Bangalore in search of a train to Assam but the sight of lathi-wielding policemen and the enormous crowd huddled behind barricades unnerved her. Then, she too was herded into the space behind the barricades.From Thursday night till late on Friday, when more than 2,500 people left for the northeast in four special trains, Chennai Central resembled a huge refugee camp. Each time a train rolled on to the platform, there was a concerted rush to get in. More than 300 people were seen crammed into a coach designed for 72. Every inch of space inside, even the toilets, was taken.The exodus began after hundreds of people landed at Egmore railway station to board the Chennai-Dibrugarh Express. But only around 300 could get in. Those who couldn't flooded Central station by around 11 pm. Soon, others began arriving in batches from different parts of the city with their belongings, including buckets and bed rolls, accompanied by women and children. They kept arriving till around 4am on Friday . Many waited for hours for the trains to come. Some slept while others were seen swatting mosquitoes.After a brief lull, around 500 people arrived by Friday afternoon seeking trains to Guwahati or Dibrugarh.Railway Protection Force, Government Railway Police, state police and a few Southern Railway officials had their hands full on Thursday. More than 300 policemen and several RPF personnel were on duty on Friday also. All people bound for the northeastern states were made to sit behind barricades on platform 11. When the specials arrived they were boarded in batches into the additional coaches attached in the front.\"We added three coaches to a special train which arrived by 10pm from Bangalore to Guwahati. The number of passengers is not very high to operate a train from Chennai. It was a long day for us today also,\" said S Govindasamy, station manager , Chennai Central. Southern Railway attached 10 coaches to four special trains to Guwahati that arrived from Bangalore.\"Police personnel were posted to prevent a stampede because there were too many people,\" said an RPF official. However , there were no state government officials present to reassure the fleeing population . Nobody made any record of the people boarding the trains.Some people who came to distribute water and food to the waiting passengers were not allowed to do so by police as intelligence officers had reported that the group was allegedly spreading fear while offering support.Chennai city police have opened the following three helplines that will work round the clock 98402 95100, 96770 66100 and 97890 88100.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "15539828", "title": "'Innocent man' grilled at airport", "text": "VASCO: Mujibuddin Sikandar Saudagar, 29, from Khariawada was detained at Dabolim airport early Friday morning and interrogated for 11 hours before being released, following an international call informing that a Pakistan trained terrorist having a similar name was supposed to land at Dabolim.M G Menon, duty terminal manager of the airport, received the call informing that one Saudagar Mujahiddin is supposed to land in Goa by QR224. Inquiries revealed that QR224 was a Qatar airline which was supposed to land on Friday morning and the passenger list contained a similar name 'Mujibuddin'. On Friday morning, officials from Intelligence Bureau, CID and S Goa police were deployed at the airport and when the flight landed at 3.45am, Mujibuddin was interrogated until officials were sure that he was not linked to any terror group.Sources revealed that Mujibuddin was returning from Afghanistan where he's employed. Police are trying to locate the international caller as it is suspected the caller had some grudge against Mujibuddin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15539349", "title": "Nationwide ban on bulk SMSs, MMSs for 15 days", "text": "NEW DELHI: With MPs cutting across party lines pitching for a foolproof mechanism to check spread of rumours that led to exodus of people from the northeast in certain states, the government on Friday banned bulk SMSs and MMSs for 15 days across the country.No one will be able to send more than five SMSs at one go and more than 20 KB of data from a cellphone for the next 15 days. Though such a ban may not put a complete check on spread of false or misleading information, officials believe the mechanism coupled with strict monitoring of flow of SMSs will act as a deterrent.The CBI, which is probing seven lower Assam violence cases, has already seized a couple of 'doctored' videos that are being examined to know the 'source'. The Centre has also asked its other technical agencies to get to the bottom of 'fabricated' videos and digitally manipulated photographs of Assam violence which are being circulated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15543452", "title": "Government to ISPs: Remove hate content against citizens from north east", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government has issued directions to all internet service providers to disable any inflammatory or hateful content that targets the community from northeastern states.\"Based on complaints regarding content that's inflammatory, hateful and inciting violence targeting North East Community, DIT has issued an advisory to all intermediaries,\" union minister of state for communications and information technology Sachin Pilot said.The advisory based on terms and provisions of IT Act and Rules asks them to take action for disabling all such content on priority, the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15538710", "title": "Boy injured in electrical explosion", "text": "PUNE: Five-year-old Piyush Walunj sustained burn injuries in a minor electrical explosion near a five-storey building in Laxmitara market in Thergaon in Pimpri-Chinchwad on Friday afternoon. Around 3.30 pm, Piyush apparently touched a loose hanging wire which had come into contact with a high tension wire going over the building. The wire then sparked off a minor explosion with a big noise.The explosion sparked off speculations and rumours about a \"major blast\" in Thergaon. As the news of the \"blast\" spread, hundreds of people gathered around the road leading from Dange chowk to Tathawade.Personnel from the bomb detection and disposal squad, forensic department as well as the Central Reserve Police Force visited the spot for conducting the investigations. The police and the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited officials, as well as officials from PCMC fire brigade and disaster management cell, also visited the spot.Piyush had come to the commercial complex with his parents. While his parents were climbing the stairs to the first floor, the boy, who was following them, touched the wire. An explosion-like sound was heard and some tiles on the footpath were broken.Speaking to reporters, Suresh Kumar Mekla, additional commissioner of police, north region, said, \"The boy received electrical burns. Preliminary investigations revealed that the cable was touching the overhead high tension wire. Pieces of cable wires have been recovered from the site. We will check how the cable was left loose.\"Mekla said the police received a phone call at the control room after 15.31that a sound of an explosion was heard at Thergaon. The Chinchwad sub-station of MSEB also said that a 100 KV high tension wire had tripped at that time.A police official said, Piyush's father himselfheard the explosion and turned to see what happened. He then found Piyush in an injured state. He was first taken to the nearby Aditya Birla hospital and was later shifted to Surya hospital in the city for further treatment.Two large blood stains were found on the corridor of the building. Shoes and a white handkerchief were found lying around 30 ft from the spot where the explosion had occurred. Residents on the upper floor of the building were not evacuated since it was not a major explosion.State home minister R R Patil, who was on a visit to the city on Friday, clarified that the incident at Thergaon was not a \"bomb blast\". \"An explosion-like sound was heard following a short circuit,\" Patil said.Doctors attending to the injured boy said he suffered 40% burns on the right side of his body.The doctors added that the burns were not due to any bomb blast. \"We didn't find any iron particles which are usually seen in injuries sustained in bomb explosions. Prima facie, it doesn't appear that the injury was due to a bomb explosion. Some inflammable objects caused the injury but it is definitely not petrol, kerosene, etc as there was no smell,\" said Mahesh Kulkarni, medical administrator of Surya hospital.\"The boy was brought to our hospital around 5 pm. He was conscious, oriented and talking. But considering his age, the burns he sustained are serious. Especially his limbs are severally burned,\" Kulkarni said.Ends//manish", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15540881", "title": "Ludhiana echoes with prayers on Jamat-ul-Vida", "text": "LUDHIANA: Thousands of Muslims of the city attended Jamat-ul-Vida, the last Friday prayers of Ramzan, at various mosques in the city and prayed for peace and tranquillity in the world. Jamat-ul-Vida is a holy day before the end of Ramzan when people offer special prayers besides the regular Friday prayers. Advocate Abdul Majeed Thind, who offered prayers at Noor Mosque in Civil Lines, said, \"Jamat-ul-Vida has a unique importance for Muslims as they recite the Quran entire day and offer special prayers. Feeding the poor at iftaar on this day is considered a very rewarding deed.\"Real estate adviser Muhammad Ali from Model Town offered prayers at Shahi mosque in Field Ganj. He said he prayed for a friend who has been ill for a while. \"My entire family is fasting as this day assumes a lot of importance for us. We cook special dishes for iftaar and dinner and feed the poor on Jamat-ul-Vida.\"\"I thanked almighty Allah today for instilling the courage to conquer thirst, hunger, anger, emotions and repulsing all influences of evil. We will feed the poor during iftaar as it is considered a very pious deed,\" said businessman Khalid Mehmood from Agar Nagar.Maulana Habib-ur-Rehman Saani Ludhianvi, shahi-imaam of Punjab, said special arrangements were made for Friday prayers on Jamat-ul-Vida, as thousands of Muslims performed prayers on the holy day.\"We prayed for peace and prosperity among humanity and I appealed to the community members to donate as much as they can to the poor,\" said Ludhianvi, who addressed the gathering at Shahi mosque on this occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15539640", "title": "CII to aid students save heritage", "text": "PANAJI: The youth wing of the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) has come up with a project to involve students and teachers in order to help preserve heritage buildings.As part of the Green Heritage Project, schools would be given a list of the heritage buildings in their immediate neighbourhood and asked to choose one as part of the project, said Atrey Sawant, of CII-Yi Goa.Alternatively, the school can also suggest a heritage building which meets the approval of Yi. He said each school has to identify a staff member/teacher to mentor students during the entire project. An informative session for the mentors will be held on August 18 in Panaji.The mentor will then brief the students on the project and accompany them to the heritage building. Each school will be represented by five students though the school is encouraged to involve the entire class in the research to create larger awareness. Students from Classes VIII and IX can participate in the project, Sawant said.Students will have to photograph the building and bring out its finer visual aspects with their photographic skills. They will be asked to observe the building to study the positive green aspects on which it was designed.Short-listed entries, which will be a photographic report of the building along with the observations, will be displayed at an exhibition between October 27 and November 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15540103", "title": "Kalyan Jewellers targets 16k crore in FY13", "text": "KOCHI: Kalyan Jewellers is targeting Rs 16,000 crore revenues in financial year 2012 - 2013, said TS Kalyanaraman, chairman and managing director of the company. The total turnover of the Kerala-based jeweller was Rs 9,473 crore in fiscal 2012. \"We will be opening 15 more showrooms during the current financial year. Showrooms in Warangal, Kukkatpally (Hyderabad), Kancheepuram, Kakkinada and Ahamedabad will be opened in the second half of 2012,\" Kalyanaraman said.\"After attaining Rs 16,000 crore revenues with 50 showrooms, we will open another 50 showrooms in North-Western parts of the country. The total number of stores will touch 100 by 2015. The new shops will be mainly in Gujarat, Maharashtra, Punjab and Bengal,\"Kalyanaraman said. He entered jewellery retailing in 1993 and has set up 35 branches strong network in Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh.Aishwraya Rai, along with Dileep will open the 36th showroom of the group in Kochi on August 19. The showroom, on MG Road, is of 20,000 sq ft floor space spread over three floors and boasts of more than 2 lakh BIS Hallmarked gold jewellery designs displayed on the ground floor. \"The first floor is dedicated to diamond and platinum collections, and branded jewellery. Second floor gold studded designs along with silver designs and have a beautiful collection of gift articles,\" said Kalyanaraman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15540588", "title": "Ganga starts receding", "text": "VARANASI: The flooded Ganga started receding in the region, right from Mirzapur to Ballia on Friday.In last 24 hours, decrease in level was recorded in Mirzapur (0.550 metre), Varanasi (0.410 metre), Ghazipur (0.240 metre) and Ballia (0.040 metre), on Friday. According to the records of the Middle Ganga Division-3 of Central Water Commission, river was flowing at a mark of 72.100 metres in Mirzapur, 67.100 metres in Varanasi, 61.260 metres in Ghazipur and 57.450 metres in Ballia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "shillong/kohima", "code": "15539146", "title": "Meghalaya sets up helpline for NE students, workers", "text": "SHILLONG/KOHIMA: Meghalaya has opened a helpline for its students and people of the northeast staying in Bangalore and other parts of the country and condemned \"false rumours generated by fanatic groups to foment trouble.\"\"If any assistance is required, the concerned person(s) may call up Meghalaya Police helpline (08575001111). Specific enquiries may also be made from the nodal officer appointed by the Karnataka government, Victor D'souza, deputy commissioner of police, Bangalore, by dialing 09480801020,\" a statement issued by the political department of Meghalaya government said.\"Following false rumours, reportedly circulated through SMSs and other forms of communication about students from northeast being attacked in some southern states, the government immediately took up the matter with the authorities concerned in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu. They confirmed that no such occurrences took places in the two states,\" it added.Meghalaya chief minister Mukul Sangma said, \"We have decided to send a delegation to the affected states to verify reports of discrimination against our youths studying there and also to reassure our students that necessary steps are being taken. We have requested the Union ministry of home affairs to help our team members during their visit to these states.\"He added that the team would visit Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh , Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu and Kerala. He said the state government was in constant touch with the governments of the southern states. Meghalaya government urged parents and students not to give credence to \"malicious rumours\" and remain vigilant.Nagaland chief minister Neiphiu Rio has also written to Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde requesting him to take all possible measure for the protection of NE people. Rio has expressed serious concern over the attacks on NE students and people in Mumbai, Pune and Bangalore. \"We have also received reports that some people from Nagaland have been asked by their landlords to vacate their rented premises, fearing that people from the NE region are likely to be targeted by some groups of people who are aggrieved by the recent communal violence in Assam,\" said Rio.He added that the situation has created an air of apprehension in the minds of NE people living in various parts of the country and also among people here in Nagaland. He also underlined that there are bound to be undesirable repercussions if the situation is not handled firmly. Rio also wrote to chief ministers of Maharashtra and Karnataka separately.Coming down heavily on rumour-mongers, Meghalaya speaker Charles Pyngrope expressed concern over the manner in which the \"rumour has spread triggering so much panic\". \"We must get to the bottom of this and those responsible should be punished,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15539444", "title": "3 students go missing from Greater Noida public school", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Three students of a public school went missing under mysterious circumstances on Thursday afternoon. Their families have filed a complaint with the police and suspect that they might have been kidnapped. The students have been identified as Yogender Naagar, Mohit Sharma and Sachin. All three study in class XII of Ram-Eesh International School in Greater Noida.The trio had left school at 2.30pm on Thursday after which they went missing.Police said that after attending school, the trio left school but did not return to their homes. \"Mohit and Sachin live in Sectors Alpha-II and Gamma-II, respectively, while Yogender lives in Dadri. Yogender used the school bus for commuting, \" said a senior police officer.\"When my son did not return, we started a search and even checked with our neighbours. After getting no clues, we approached the school authorities. Later, we came to know that two more students went missing at the same time,\" said Omkar Naagar, father of Yogender.\"Sachin's family informed that he has a mobile phone, but when we called him up it was switched off. The police have also put his number on surveillance but have not received any leads,\" Omkar said. \"So far, neither me nor the families of the other students have received a ransom call, but kidnapping cannot be ruled out,\" Omkar added.A senior police officer said the three students are in different sections but know each other well. \"There is a possibility that they would have gone some place together,\" the senior cop said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15540317", "title": "Sachan threatened to expose CMOs\u2019 killers in letter: CBI", "text": "NEW DELHI: The findings of the multi-crore NRHM scam in Uttar Pradesh are getting murkier. Deputy chief medical officer (CMO) Y S Sachan, who was found dead in a Lucknow prison under mysterious circumstances in 2011, had allegedly threatened to expose the people behind the murders of two CMOs \u2014 B P Singh and V K Arya \u2014 through a letter written 10 days before he died. The letter, purportedly written by Sachan, to another accused \u2014 the then CMO A K Shukla \u2014 was handed over to jail authorities to be dispatched to the latter, but it remained undelivered, CBI sources said.The letter was recovered by the agency a few days ago, and the CBI is likely to recommend strict action against jail officials who could be allegedly involved in the case, they said. Sachan had said in the purported letter that he was suffering from depression and if he did not get out of jail, he might reveal the names of the persons allegedly behind the murders of two CMOs.The agency sources said, however, their probe has revealed that wounds found on the body Sachan were self-inflicted and it might file a closure report in connection soon. Sources said the agency besides relying on circumstantial and forensic evidence had also carried out some \"unconventional\" methods to get to the bottom of the case, but could not find anything which indicates that Sachan's death was a murder. Arrested on charges of embezzling National Rural Health Mission funds, Sachan, 52, was also named as the key conspirator in the murder of CMO B P Singh. Sachan's body was found with multiple injuries in the jail toilet on June 22, 2011. Initially, the state and police had claimed Sachan committed suicide, but a judicial probe concluded that prima facie it was a case of murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-18"}
