{"city": "pune", "code": "17407898", "title": "'No more relegation for cadets'", "text": "PUNE: The National Defence Academy has done away with the practice of relegation as a part of its punishment policy for disciplining cadets, who are under training at the prestigious academy here.Relegation refers to demoting a cadet, who has either not performed well in his physical and academic training or has done an act of mischief, to a junior course. The action, a severe form of punishment, delays the cadet's eventual prospect of being commissioned as an officer in the armed forces.\"We don't want any relegation considering that at this age, most youngsters want to play some mischief,\" NDA Commandant Lt Gen Ashok Singh said on Wednesday. \"Punishment is given, but now, there is no relegation,\" he said. The academy has also revised its sports policy and the 'officers like quality and honour' code, he added.The NDA is the only tri-services academy of its kind in Asia that offers three-year training in defence and academics before the cadets move on to their respective officers' training academies for another one-year course and get commissioned into the armed forces. It is controlled by the Integrated Defence Staff (IDS) and trains more than 2,000 cadets, including those from friendly countries. Induction of cadets is done in batches after every six months.The revised punishment policy is one of the key changes introduced in the training and allied aspects, since Singh took charge of the NDA on August 7, following the unprecedented Class IV job recruitment scandal that rocked the academy in June/July.The then staff officer to the NDA commandant and the presiding officer of the NDA's recruitment board, both serving colonels, were among the eight people who were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation in the Rs 1.86-crore job-for-cash scandal. All of them are now out on bail.In the aftermath of the scandal, the defence ministry transferred the then NDA Commandant Lt Gen Jatinder Singh to New Delhi, while Lt Gen Ashok Singh, who was commanding a frontline strike corps, was handpicked by the army chief to head the NDA. \"I was called by the chief and was told to come here and give a new fillip to the academy,\" said Singh.\"The NDA is not on a slow burner,\" he said in his first public comment with reference to the job scam and the ensuing changes. \"We have done our audits - internal as well as external. We got some officers from the IDS to do the check-up and we have made some changes,\" he added. \"We have fine-tuned some of our training and allied aspects and have removed some extra things so that we can concentrate on the more important aspects of training,\" he said.Singh said, \"The recent incidence (job scam) is an aberration in the system. Whatever happened was just an arbitrary and a small segment over here and, luckily for us, the problems did not transcend to the cadets or squadrons, which are fine as ever.\"The NDA commandant said the sports policy has been revised in such a way that more number of cadets will get an opportunity to participate in sporting activity.Similarly, the revised 'officers like qualities and honour' code is aimed at giving the cadets a clear vision of what honour and other aspects mean to the armed forces, he said. The stress factor in the physical training has also been reduced as part of the fine-tuning exercise, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17408478", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcMissing\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 teen pursues her 19-yr-old lover to Kolkata", "text": "MUMBAI: A 17-year-old city collegian was traced to Kolkata five days after she went missing. The teenager, who studies in a college on Pedder Road, was reportedly in love with a boy (19) and followed him when he went to his hometown in Kolkata.According to sources, the girl was besotted with the boy who worked at his uncle's canteen on campus. \"Her parents filed a missing person's complaint with us,\" said a police officer.\"We began the probe and got her call records, which showed that she was in Kolkata. Our team was sent there and found the girl with the boy's relatives. She was staying there for three to four days,\" he added.Cops said no FIR has been registered. \"After reaching Kolkata, she called up the boy and informed him that she was near his house,\" said Vinayak Saude, in-charge of Nagpada police station. \"The boy took her to a relative's house and urged them to keep her with them. Meanwhile, the boy contacted some people in Mumbai so that they could inform the girl's parents,\" he added.The girl was not ready to return home, said sources. \"We tried to convinced her and she was brought back to Mumbai. The girl and boy both are from two different sects,\" said an officer.The boy's statement was recorded and cops released him since no offence was registered against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17408583", "title": "Ramlila at fair infamous for theatre", "text": "PATNA: In order to inculcate moral values among the young generation and to diminish the influence of vulgar shows and dance at theatres, Mahavir Mandir Trust, Patna has arranged the best Ramlila group from UP to hold Ramlila for 10 days from November 29 to December 8 at the Sonepur fair. A large pandal has been erected at the fair venue for the devotees to watch the Ramlila, which will be performed from 7pm to 10pm. On Thursday, Ram Pujan will be held, followed by the inaugural show.Lord Ram, considered the embodiment of all moral values, is an ideal person to inculcate moral values among the younger generation, said Mandir Trust secretary Kishore Kunal. On the 10th day, Satya Harishchandra play will be enacted. The Ramlila team is from Salempur in UP and consists of 60 members headed by Y. Shankarmurti and Manvendra Tripathi. Apart from this regular Ramlila, kirtan, bhajan and regular pravachan (religious discourse) will be held from 2pm to 6pm everyday to make the environment more spiritual.Kunal said Hariharnath Mandir is a very ancient temple near the confluence of the Ganga and the Gandak, where Lord Vishnu had come to rescue the elephant from the clutches of the crocodile. It is one of the most celebrated places of pilgrimage where even Guru Nanak had come. In his famous book 'Bhu-Parikramana', Vidyapati, a great Maithili poet, has given a detailed description of this pilgrim centre. Hariharnath temple is a pioneer in combining the worship of Vishnu and Shiva together. Therefore, it is a centre of great cultural synthesis also, he added.Kunal hoped the Ramlila shows will diminish the influence of theatres and set a healthy trend at the Sonepur fair. For hundreds of years, it has been holding the largest cattle fair in Asia and a large number of sadhus and devotees have been visiting this fair. But in the last two decades, its environment has been vitiated by vulgar shows at various theatres and it has been losing spiritual fervour. This has been a great concern for all those who have been advocating for upholding moral values in society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17409902", "title": "Congress to candidates list three months before 2013 assembly elections", "text": "RAIPUR: Sitting in opposition for the last nine years, Congress in Chhattisgarh now plans to finalise its candidates three months before the next assembly elections scheduled for November 2013, All India Congress Committee General Secretary B K Hariprasad said on Wednesday.\"We are gearing up to take on the BJP government, which has failed on all fronts. On our part, we are also working on a strategy to finalise and announce the names of candidates at least three months before the polls,\" he said at a Congress \"Chintan Shivir\" held at Ramanujganj in Sarguja division.State Congress president Nandkumar Patel confirmed.\"There are a number of constituencies where Congress candidates had lost to the 2003 and 2008 assembly polls. The idea is to finalize the names of candidates and to announce them as early as possible so that the candidates could start working in their respective constituencies,\" he said. Though the Congress has been talking about finalizing names of candidates much before the elections, it normally announces its candidates only at the eleventh hour, apparently to avoid dissensions within the organisations at the time of elections. In an apparent bid to activate its rank and file, opposition Congress has been organising camps and public meetings across the state where the party workers are being told about the issues to be raised against the BJP government, that is in power since December 2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "17408493", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcWanted to reciprocate their hospitality\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: Separated by man-made barriers, those living on both sides of the India-Pakistan border have always felt the pangs of a parting that left them so near, yet so far. Building those bridges and celebrating the similarity between both the people, city-based industrialist Neeraj Saluja hosted a tasteful dinner for his Pakistani friends on a pleasant Wednesday evening at his Sarabha Nagar residence.Travelling all the way from Lahore, Saluja's guests comprised eight couples. Saluja, who was part of a Punjabi delegation to Pakistan recently, said he was so overwhelmed by the warmth of his hosts that he planned a visit to India for them. \"I had first gone to Pakistan around one-and-half years ago. Their warmth and love is unmatchable... they are so pure and selfless. I wanted to reciprocate and thought of hosting a dinner party for them. An informal mingling with our brothers and sisters was the perfect idea,\" said Saluja, the managing director of SEL, a textile manufacturing company.\"My guests will proceed to New Delhi on Thursday for a two-day visit. They too have textile businesses and are members of All Pakistan Textiles' Manufacturing Association (APTMA),\" said the host, adding he was part of the recent delegation to Pakistan that was led by deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal. \"We had attended a dinner party in Lahore, where I met my new friends,\" he said.The guests from Pakistan had entered India through Attari-Wagah border on Wednesday morning and reached Ludhiana by road around 5pm. \"I had also attended a wedding in Lahore. So impressed was I with their traditions and culture that I wanted to bring those colours to Ludhiana. Besides, my Pakistani friends were also keen on visiting Punjab,\" Saluja said.As his guests enjoyed their evening at the Saluja residence, which was beautifully decorated with flowers and candles, the man at the helm of affairs said he would continue to host his Pakistani friends in the future too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17408182", "title": "Fingerprint scanning at Haryana checkposts soon", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Soon, those entering Haryana will find themselves under a scanner. In a bid to check crime committed by outsiders in the state, Haryana is setting up checkposts at 30 places bordering Delhi, Uttar Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, Rajasthan and Punjab and cops will stop vehicles %at random and ask for fingerprint scanning of the %visitors.These scanners, costing Rs 1 lakh each, will be loaded with the database of wanted criminals, and persons whose fingerprints and faces are found to be matching will be held.Christened as 'Pehchan Kaun', these check-posts will start functioning by December 10. Haryana police officials said the department decided to have the scanners installed after getting excellent results from Pehchan Kaun PCR Vans, which had helped nab around 500 people with a history of crime in just five months.Pehchan Kaun PCR vans were launched across the state in May this year and policemen were provided with scanners who used to take finger prints of persons at random.Ten check-posts will be put up in Faridabad, Gurgaon and Mewat areas of the NCR region. All the check-posts will be connected with four police control rooms in Kaithal, Sonipat, Karnal and Bhiwani and would provide help and information to the cops at borders.Police officials said that National Crime Records Bureau was helping the department by providing the data on criminals. Besides finger prints of criminals, the scanners will also contain data of stolen vehicles and of vehicles involved in crime updated by the SCRB and Haryana police from time to time.ADGP LR Dabas, who heads state crime records bureau, said that once fully operational, the Pehchan Kaun check-posts would serve as biggest deterrent against criminal activities.\"We are holding meeting with the Haryana police for the smooth implementation of the project and public opinion will also be generated before going full throttle,\" added Dabas.The SCRB had also done a study showing that around 20% of the crimes related to property in Haryana are committed by those entering the state from neighbouring states.DGP Shriniwas Vashisht said, \"We are not in a tearing hurry to implement the project. I don't want this project to cause any inconvenience or harassment to the people in any way. A positive public opinion is a must before launching the project.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "17408077", "title": "Bhagat Singh chowk: Pak court extends stay on renaming roundabout", "text": "LAHORE: A Pakistani court on Wednesday extended by three weeks a stay on a move to rename a traffic roundabout in Lahore after legendary freedom fighter Bhagat Singh.Justice Nasir Saeed Sheikh of the Lahore high court extended the stay after the Punjab government and the Lahore city district government failed to submit their responses to a petition challenging the renaming of Fawara Chowk at Shadman after Bhagat Singh.The Tehrik-e-Hurmat-e-Rasool, a movement launched by the Jamaat-ud-Dawah, had filed the petition against a move by authorities to rename the roundabout.Zahid Butt, a local trader who filed the petition on behalf of the organisation, claimed that RAW, India's external intelligence agency had funded the Bhagat Singh Foundation to raise the issue.He claimed the Foundation lobbied the Dilkash Lahore Committee that recommended the renaming of the roundabout.Senior JuD leader Maulana Amir Hamza, who heads the Tehrik-e-Hurmat-e-Rasool, has said the group will not allow places to be named after Hindus, Sikhs or Christians.\"Pakistan is a Muslim country and such ideas cannot be appreciated,\" he said recently.The JuD wrote a strongly worded letter to district administration chief Noorul Amin Mengal and other government officials, warning them not to rename the roundabout after a \"Hindu freedom fighter\".The Dilkash Lahore Committee had rejected all objections and asked authorities to notify the new name for the roundabout without delay.In a related development, civil society activists have filed two applications in the Lahore High Court, asking it to make them parties to the case challenging the renaming of the roundabout.Activists Taimur Rehman and Saeeda Diep filed the applications in the Lahore High Court yesterday through lawyer Yasir Latif Hamdani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17408083", "title": "Speed radar, wide roads to reduce accidents", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Following the road accident in Soraon on Monday, which caught attention of even the high court, traffic police department will be installing radars to monitor speed limit of vehicles and widen the roads. The action is in keeping with suggestions by the ministry of road transport and highways to implement measures for minimising accidents on national and state highways.In two separate accidents recently, nine persons including three women school teachers were killed in two cases in Soraon police circle on Allahabad-Pratapgarh route.In its report referring to 'black spots' or the accident-prone areas, the Allahabad-Pratapgarh route, the ministry pointed out that there were 14 casualties in 2011 on the Soraon-Phaphamau road for which high speed of vehicles, absence of speed breakers and narrow and turning roads were primely responsible. The ministry had suggested taking up road widening and installation of speed radar.After the road accident in Soraon on Monday in which seven persons were killed and eight others sustained serious injuries in a tempo-UPSRTC bus collision, traffic police authorities have put the entire stretch under scanner. HC has ordered medical aid to the injured.While a total of 233 accidental deaths were reported in district in 2011, the Allahabad district had secured 45{+t}{+h} rank in the country. In UP, the industrial city of Kanpur ranked second in country with a toll of 2,219.Data collected by the National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB) revealed the highest number of unnatural deaths in state in 2011 were caused by road accidents between 9AM and 12 noon during the day or from 6pm to 9 pm, in the dark hours.NCRB statistics revealed that 2,548 persons were killed in the state between midnight and 3 am, 3,815 between 3 am and 6 am, 3,671 between 6am and 9 am, 4,042 persons between 9 am and 12 noon, 3,696 persons from 12 noon to 3 pm, 3,913 persons 3 pm to 6 pm, 4,094 6 pm to 9 pm and 3,155 persons between 9 pm and midnight.UP had registered a total of 30,153 road accident deaths in 2011, of which the highest number, 2,820, comprised two-wheeler riders. Records show that 3,090 persons were killed when hit by truck or lorry. Similarly, 1,313 persons became victims of jeep accident, 1,340 were killed by bus, 1,403 by cars, 2,820 by two-wheelers, 830 by three-wheelers and 811 were bicycle victims.Of the 233 persons in Allahabad killed in accidents in 2011, 31 persons were pedestrians, 9 per cent were bicycle riders, 30 per cent two-wheeler riders and 5 per cent three/four-wheeler drivers.Traffic inspector, IP Singh says, \"Violation of speed limit is the prime reason behind increasing cases of road accidents\".He added that drivers of three-wheelers and heavy vehicles most often violate the speed limit norms and cause accidents in fatal and non-fatal categories\".Measures have been taken to check violation of speed limit with adequate strength of traffic police cops and home guards deputed to keep an eye on violators. In the past three days, over 1,100 drivers were challaned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17408551", "title": "Rs 100 crore suit against Thane civic body chief chief", "text": "THANE: Shiv Sena legislator Pratap Sarnaik has slapped a Rs 100-crore suit against Thane civic chief RA Rajeev for allegedly \"sullying his reputation\" in the case filed against his construction firm for water theft.Sarnaik held Rajeev responsible for registering an \"erroneous case\" against his construction firm for securing illegal water connections for Vihang Hills, a residential complex built by the Sena MLA's firm along Ghodbunder Road.However, Rajeev maintained that the offence of acquiring illegal water connections was registered after a spot scrutiny by the water department officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17408952", "title": "Non-deserving people in list: HC seeks govt stance", "text": "KOCHI: The state government should inform its stance on alleged inclusion of non-deserving persons in the compensation list of endosulfan victims, the Kerala high court ordered on Wednesday.The order by justice TR Ramachandran Nair was during the admission hearing on a petition filed by M Gangadharan Nair, secretary of PCK Samrakshana Samithi. The court ordered the chief secretary and district collector of Kasargod to file reports explaining the state government's stance within two weeks.According to the petitioner, the re-categorized list of endosulfan victims, which contains more than 4,000 persons, includes persons who are suffering from ailments not related to endosulfan exposure such as asthma, traffic accident victims, and ENT problems. Along with recommending a compensation for endosulfan victims, the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) had categorized the victims into four groups: bedridden, deceased, mentally-challenged, and those with other disabilities.Though the state government accepted the NHRC's recommendation for compensation, it had drawn up a separate list than the one forwarded by the commission in the name of re-categorizing. The decision to re-categorize victims was taken at a meeting held at Thiruvananthapuram on July 24 this year. The aim of re-categorization was declared as an effort to match the government's list with the one provided by NHRC.The petitioner has pointed out that a total of Rs 32 crore has been handed over to the state government by the Plantation Corporation of Kerala, a public sector company promoting cash crops that landed in trouble for aerial spraying of endosulfan, an insecticide that is being phased out globally for its adverse health effects.Following NHRC's intervention, the state government had agreed to pay Rs 5 lakh for bedridden endosulfan victims in 11 panchayats of Kasargod. A survey conducted by the state government in October last year had revealed that the number of endosulfan victims in the 11 panchayats comes to more than 2,000.Activists had alleged at Kasargod that the re-categorization is aimed at excluding victims from the scope of the compensation package.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17407511", "title": "'Vishwa Hindu parishad trains girls to hate Muslims and Christians'", "text": "PANAJI: The people in the Vishwa Hindu parishad (VHP) are \"not monstrous, but their teachings to young girls are problematic\", says Nisha Pahuja, maker of the documentary 'The world fefore her', based on the right-wing organization.\"The people in the VHP are like all of us. But some of their teachings are problematic as they teach them to hate Christians and Muslims. They have so much of love for the country, which I like, but it is complicated. Their message is one of hatred,\" Pahuja said. Her documentary provides a peak into a training centre where the VHP disseminates its ideology and trains girls in self-defense.Pahuja said that it took her two years to get access the training centre and win the trust of the VHP to shoot the film. \"After interacting with members of the VHP at different levels, they finally trusted me enough to let me into the training centre. But they wanted me to portray them in favourable light,\" she said.The Canada-based filmmaker said that there was no pressure on her to make her film in VHP's favour or not to portray them in poor light. \"I did feel insecure every now and then when I was interacting with VHP leaders,\" Pahuja admitted.Her film also provides an insight into the lives of women training for the Miss India pageant and brings out the contrast in between them and the VHP trainees. \"My original idea was to see the changes in India post-liberalization and the role of women. I wanted to show it through women who participate in the Miss India beauty pageant. But then I came across this strong woman training with VHP and I decided to make the film showing the contrasting ideologies of these two women,\" Pahuja said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17409919", "title": "KMC moots policy to check multidrug resistant bacteria", "text": "MANGALORE: Kasturba Medical College and Hospital (KMCH), Manipal University has introduced an antibiotic policy aimed at curbing multidrug-resistant bacteria. As per the policy, doctors in the hospital will prescribe antibiotics based on a report from microbiologists. KMCH claims that such a practice is a first in the region.Dr Chiranjay Mukhopadhyay, head of department of microbiology, KMCH, Manipal told TOI that giving treatment to patients infected by multidrug-resistant bacteria is big challenge as such patients do not respond to antibiotics. \"Unfortunately, such bacteria take birth in hospitals itself. For instance, if a patient, who is undergoing treatment for injuries following a road accident, gets infected by pneumonia bacteria, heshe will be given antibiotics for both injuries as well as pneumonia. As a result the bacteria will become multidrug-resistant,\"the doctor added.Under the antibiotics policy, KMCH has already started fumigating operation theatres and intensive care units. \"Soon we will start a practice where antibiotics will be prescribed only based on a report from microbiologists,\" said Chiranjay.Various tests will be conducted on bacteria and microbiologists in their report will advice appropriate antibiotics that can be prescribed. \"This practice will prevent the spread of multidrug-resistant bacteria,\" he added.Dr Jagadish Chandra K, assistant professor of the department of microbiology, Yenepoya Medical College said, \"To prevent the spread of such bacteria we have formed an infection control committee. Such bacteria are created because of unreasonable use of antibiotics. Some doctors also prescribe antibiotics, irrationally.\"It is very difficult to implement an antibiotics policy, said Dr Anup Kumar Shetty, assistant professor of the department of microbiology, Father Muller Medical College. \"Out of every 100 bacteria, about 80% can resist multiple drugs. Their numbers are on the rise. Several hospitals in foreign countries are following antibiotics policies. However, it is not practiced in India. The government should make it compulsory to implement the policy in all hospitals,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17409737", "title": "Authorities should ensure that our water bodies are protected and nurtured", "text": "The poor maintenance of natural water bodies in the city has come into sharp focus with the death of fish in Katraj lake and the thick growth of water hyacinth. The authorities may have started cleaning the lake now, but there is much more to be done like taking up a spirited drive to clean up Mula and Mutha rivers and other important water bodies. The authorities need to conduct quality and pollution level checks of water bodies and also strictly monitor the release of untreated sewage and debris into them. These steps are critical if we wish to conserve these precious natural resources. The civic body, the pollution control board and citizens need to work together to ensure that our rivers, nullahs, lakes and hills which add to the beauty of the city are protected and nurtured.Related story:  Four-pronged plan to tackle hyacinth", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17408753", "title": "Teachers to get awards on Dec 2", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik division meritorious teachers' award ceremony will be held on December 2 at Mate Nursery on Gangapur Road. Earlier, the ceremony was to be held on September 5. Three awards will be given and teachers from city, district and taluka will be felicitated.\"We have set up a five-member committee. Three have been honoured with President's Award. Teachers from 54 talukas and four municipal corporations have been considered,\" MLC of Teachers' Constituency, Apoorva Hiray said at a press conference on Wednesday.\"We also have an award specifically for women. This will be given to Vrinda Bhargave of HPT Arts and RYK Science College. Research is an important topic, so we also have an ideal research award that we will be giving to Hiralal Jain of Nandgaon. Suresh Nandan from Dhule has been selected for Nashik division teachers' award,\" he said.Sane Guruji Award will be given to a retired teacher. He said that retired teachers were not given awards and hence they had thought of felicitating them. The award will include a memento, a certificate and a shawl. \"We won't be giving any cash prize. These awards are for recognising the work of teachers. We had asked for proposals from institutes and will decide about the awards after proper scrutiny,\" said Apoorva. These three awards will be given apart from those for meritorious performances in various fields.He said that the coordination committee had also been formed with retired teacher Shyam Patil as the president, in Nashik, Ahmednagar, Dhule, Jalgaon, Malegaon of the division to address the issues of teaching and non-teaching staff.We won't be giving any cash prizes. These awards are for recognising the work of teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407482", "title": "Israel pips US in anti-tank guided missile supply to India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Israel has upstaged the US in the ongoing race to bag the huge deal to supply third-generation anti-tank guided missiles (ATGMs) to the Indian Army, in a project which could well be worth $1 billion eventually.Defence ministry sources said the plan to go in for the American FGM-148 Javelin ATGMs has \"virtually been shelved\" because of Washington's reluctance to provide full military knowhow - licensed \"transfer of technology (ToT)'' - to allow India to indigenously manufacture the \"tank killers'' in large numbers after an initial off-the-shelf purchase.Instead, the Army has already completed extensive trials of the Israeli 'Spike' ATGM, which like Javelin is also a shoulder-launched and fire-and-forget missile, under varied conditions in plains, deserts and mountains. \"The staff evaluation is now in progress as the next step in the procurement process,'' said a source.The Javelin imbroglio has once again rekindled long-held fears in the Indian defence establishment about the US not being a reliable long-term supplier of cutting-edge military technology. India also detests American conditions on \"intrusive end-user inspections'' of weapons sold to its armed forces.The US has notched up military sales worth over $8 billion to India in the last few years, including mega deals for C-130J 'Super Hercules', C-17 Globemaster-III and P-8I maritime patrol aircraft, but they did not involve licensed production in India.The AGTM project, in contrast, involves ToT since the 1.13-million Army wants to equip all its 356 infantry battalions with the man-portable missiles as an effective counter to Pakistani and Chinese main battle tanks. A bulk of the estimated 2,000 launchers and 24,000 missiles required for this are planned for production by defence PSU Bharat Dynamics (BDL) after getting requisite ToT from the selected foreign vendor.With General Bikram Singh identifying infantry modernization as a major thrust area, the Army wants to complete the induction of these 2.5-km range advanced ATGMs by the end of the 12th Plan (2017).At present, infantry units are making do with second-generation Milan (2-km range) and Konkurs (4-km) ATGMs, produced by BDL under licence from French and Russian companies, which are wire-guided and do not have fire-and-forget capabilities.Overall, the Army has an \"authorized holding'' for over 81,000 different kinds of ATGMs, which are critical to stem enemy armoured attacks, but does not have even half of that number in its inventory.A part of the deficiency will be met by the induction of the long-delayed indigenous third-generation Nag ATGMs, which are vehicle and helicopter-mounted, with a 4-km strike range. The Army has already placed an initial order for 443 Nag missiles and 13 Namicas (Nag missile tracked carriers).If Israel, the second-largest defence supplier to India after Russia , does indeed stitch up the ATGM project, it will be the third major missile programme between the two countries. They are already collaborating in two surface-to-air missile (SAM) systems, under which deliveries are slated to begin soon.While the DRDO-Israeli Aerospace Industries (IAI) project for long-range-SAM to arm Indian warships is worth Rs 2,606 crore, the medium-range-SAM one for IAF is worth Rs 10,076 crore.From Heron and Searcher UAVs, Harpy and Harop \"killer'' drones to Barak anti-missile defence systems and Green Pine radars, Python and Derby air-to-air missiles, Israel notches up military sales to India roughly worth $1 billion every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17408497", "title": "State Congress meets go hi-tech", "text": "MUMBAI: The Congress in Maharashtra has introduced a video-conferencing system to help the Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) office in Mumbai maintain regular communication with the party's district offices across Maharashtra.The move has been designed to help senior MPCC leaders monitor party meetings and negate the need for district presidents to visit the party's head office in Mumbai to discuss thier problems.It is also believed that monitoring meetings more regularly in this manner will strengthen the party's grassroots keeping in mind the 2014 polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17406851", "title": "BCCI brass backs troubled Sachin Tendulkar to bounce back", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian cricket board (BCCI) said on Wednesday that it would stand by the under-pressure Sachin Tendulkar , whose poor form and possible retirement have become a topic of hot debate after India's humiliation by England in the Mumbai Test.Some BCCI sources had initially indicated that the board would take a call on Tendulkar if he failed in both the upcoming Tests against England, in Kolkata and Nagpur.However, a top BCCI official told TOI that the board is not reading too much into Tendulkar's recent string of failures.When asked what the board's stand would be if Tendulkar fails in both the Tests, the official said he was convinced \"Sachin will come good\" in the Kolkata Test staring on December 5.\"Tendulkar is a champion cricketer and there is no question of not supporting him when he going through a rough patch,\" the official told TOI. \"He has always delivered when his detractors have ruled him out,\" he added.Tendulkar himself chose to stay away from the controversy, but his close friends told TOI that the batting great had rebuffed reports that he has told chief selector Sandip Patil that the selectors could drop him if they felt he was not making runs and letting the team down.\"It was but obvious to ask him about what TV and newspapers were saying. Sachin simply smiled and said, 'It's untrue. I have never done such a thing (speak to selectors), so why would I do it now. My job is to try and give my best on the cricket field and that's what I intend to do'. I would always believe what he says rather than what the media says,\" a former teammate of Tendulkar, who met him on Wednesday afternoon, told TOI.When BCCI secretary Sanjay Jagdale, who is also the convenor of the selection committee, was asked to comment on media reports about Tendulkar's conversation with Patil, he simply said: \"I am not aware of it.\"Tendulkar's close friends insisted that the batsman is unfazed by all the criticism surrounding him despite going this bad patch. However, some BCCI officials conceded that the champion is under pressure.\"Tendulkar is under tremendous pressure and he knows that he has to score to survive at this level because there are others waiting in the wings,\" said an official.The good news for Tendulkar is that Team India is with him, all the way. His teammates' logic is simple: The Mumbai defeat at the hands of the England was not because of Tendulkar alone.\"The entire batting unit failed to deliver. Singling out Tendulkar is not right. It is unfair,\" a player who did not wish to be named said. The player added that the senior players have taken full responsibility for not scoring 400-plus runs in home conditions in the team meeting.Another player said that Mumbai was a \"terrible loss\" but there was a lot of cricket still to be played in the series. \"There is no crisis as such and the team is now focusing on putting enough runs on the board in Kolkata. We won't let one defeat pull us down.\"Meanwhile, BCCI defended the selectors' decision of not changing the team after the Mumbai thrashing. \"Chop and change is not the way out after losing a Test match. This team is going through a transition. Two top cricketers like Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman have retired from Tests this year but this team will surely turn it around. We can't have knee-jerk reactions to everything,\" a board official said.Times ViewIt is really sad to see the career of one of the greatest cricketers that India and the world have seen coming to such a messy end. This is far from necessary. What we need is a way of dealing with the situation that is fair to Sachin's enormous contribution to Indian cricket and to the immediate needs of the team.The board or the selectors must now take it upon themselves to sit down with Tendulkar and discuss how he sees his future and how the selectors view it. Sachin too, we are sure, would agree that the needs of the team must come first. Between them they should work out when the maestro will call it a day. The speculation and innuendo is not doing anyone any good.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17407719", "title": "BJP to lay siege to Vidhan Bhavan on 11th December", "text": "NAGPUR: State BJP president Sudhir Mugantiwar announced here on Wednesday that his party would mobilize a public agitation and lay siege to the state legislature (Vidhan Bhavan) building on December 11 to protest over issues including low rates paid to cotton, paddy and soyabean growers, FDI in retail , price-rise, corruption, high prices of electricity and rationing of subsidized LPG cylinders.The winter session of state legislature is beginning here on December 10 and on the second day itself, the BJP is planning a massive gherao of Vidhan Bhavan. \"We will surround it from all sides blockading all entry points. Because of ill-governance by the Congress-led government in the state and the Centre, common man is finding it difficult to survive. There are so many issues that need attention but the government is not sensitive to them,\" said Mugantiwar at a press conference.Earlier in the day, he addressed some 11,000 party workers from six districts of eastern Vidarbha at conference held at Reshimbagh hall. The BJP is demanding higher support price for cotton, paddy and soyabean, the three main crops of this region. The current MSP of cotton is Rs 3900, of paddy Rs 1250 and soyabean around Rs 3000 per quintal but the BJP wants it raised to Rs 6000, Rs 2500 and Rs 4000 a quintal respectively.\"To press this demand we will hold farmers' protests in front of all tehsil offices on December 3,\" the state BJP president said. The Dec 11 siege to Vidhan Bhavan will be led by BJP national president Nitin Gadkari (he is also an MLC), deputy leader in Lok Sabha Gopinath Munde , Mugantiwar, Vinod Tawade, Eknath Khadse, Pandurang Fundkar and Devendra Fadnavis, he said adding that thousands of party workers and people suffering from the government's wrong policies would participate.About the alleged irrigation scam in state, he said if the state failed to come out with the promised 'white paper', the BJP would release its own 'black paper' to \"expose the government and the politician-contractor- bureaucracy nexus that had allegedly led to \"loot\" of Rs 76,000 crore.\"About the procurement rates for cotton, paddy and soyabean, he said the state government should compensate the farmers by paying over and above the MSP fixed by the Centre. \"States like Punjab and Madhya Pradesh do it in case of wheat farmers, Maharashtra can do it for cotton and paddy growers. More so because farmers have to live with poor yields because the state government failed to create irrigation facilities as funds went into pockets of ruling politicians, contractors and babus,\" said the BJP leader.He slammed the government for failure to control electricity prices which he said were highest in the country. He also alleged that the state was in no position to fulfill promise of zero load-shedding from December. \"In fact, power cuts would increase to 12 hours a day in rural areas from January,\" said Mugantiwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17409448", "title": "Two commercial buildings sealed in Kovai", "text": "COIMBATORE: Officials from the Local Planning Authority (LPA) initiated lock-and-seal action against two buildings in the city, which were found to have violated building norms. As per orders of the district collector, the authorities locked and sealed two multi-storey commercial complexes situated at Vadavalli and NSR Road in Sai Baba Colony. The sealing drive was held at around 7.15am possibly in a bid to ensure that the procedure was completed before the arrival of the employees at the commercial outlets in these buildings.\"The action was taken after we filed prior notice to the building owners pointing out gross deviations from the approved plans and also violations from the rules and norms of the Town and Country Planning Act,\" said G Easwaran, member secretary (in-charge), LPA, Coimbatore.According to the officials, the lock-and-seal drive began with the shutdown of a commercial complex building on NSR road rented out to a baby accessory chain store, a new generation private bank and a computer centre. The structure with ground plus two floors were constructed illegally occupying a floor area of 7,000 square feet in excess of the approved building plan. There was also no set back space left out in the front, rear and on both sides of the building.The second commercial complex which was locked and sealed is in Vadavalli and housed at least six shops on the ground floor in addition to a beauty salon and other establishments on the first floor. Sudarshanam Complex also did not have adequate parking space reserved for visitors, authorities added. They also pointed out that the building was erected without adequate set back space and also illegally occupied excess floor area of about 2,000 sq ft. LPA officials added that the building was erected without the mandatory permission and approval of the department.However, owner of Sudarshanam Complex, T Shanmugasundaram claimed that he was developing the open space behind his building as parking lot for visitors. He, however, confirmed that he had received prior notice from the LPA about the lock-and-seal action. According to officials, the action was initiated as per the provisions of Town and Country Planning Act, 1971 and the provisions of the same act with amendments included in 2008. \"But mine is not the only building with violations in the city. There are many other buildings in the same locality but they chose to act against this particular building,\" Shanmugasundaram added.LPA officials said the action against illegal buildings will continue in the city in the coming days. Three buildings including a popular departmental store faced sealing and demolition of illegal structures last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17400274", "title": "Filmmaking is a passion job for me: Karan Johar", "text": "He is passionate about his work and believes in the power of cinema, the reason why he mostly manages to hit box office bull's eye, says Karan Johar , the successful director and the man behind Dharma Productions.\"I am a great believer in cinema. I love films. I love the magic of the movies. And I think when you love the movies , you create the movies,\" Karan told IANS in an exclusive interview.This is true of everyone who is involved with his production house Dharma Productions, said Karan.\"I think the reason why we do what we do is because all of us in the company are very passionate about cinema. It's not a day job for me; it's a passion job for me. So, when you have both passion and profession walking hand in hand, you can't really go wrong,\" he said.Karan's passion was evident in his films \"Kuch Kuch Hota Hai\", \"Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham\", \"Kal Ho Naa Ho\", \"My Name Is Khan\" and \" Agneepath \". Known for making glamorous and designer family dramas, he feels his films are able to find a perfect match between intelligence and commercial elements.\"It really depends upon the ethos of a filmmaker and what he or she wants to communicate. We produce what we believe in, but it could be of any type and be a part of any genre,\" he said.\"While we produce a 'Student Of The Year', we have also produced a 'My Name Is Khan', which had its own impact and relevance or a 'Kurbaan', which has some kind of social relevance as part of its plot. So while there is entertainment , there is also relevance and we balance it within the company,\" he said.The latest yardstick to measure a film's success in B-town is whether or not it is part of the Rs.100-Rs.200 crore club, but Karan believes a film's success should be measured on the basis of its longevity.\"I think if a film doesn't last in longevity and in people's memories, it is not a film of importance or relevance. Box office numbers are eventually your report card in the business. But I think what's really important is that you must make a film, which is remembered. So, to leave the film behind in the minds of a cinegoer should be every filmmaker's objective,\" he said.He is quite chilled out about the latest fad of remakes.\"I am ok with remakes. If you can give your own edge and slant, then why not? I think there is a dearth of writers, but I don't think that's why people make remakes....it's also your sense of creativity and what you want to do with it. Remaking it in exactly the same way is no fun. Revisiting it in a certain way and adjusting it to the modern times always makes it interesting,\" he said.Discussing his own experience with \"Agneepath\" , he said it was more of a tribute to his father Yash Johar.\"I wanted to pay a tribute to a film which my father had produced and Mukul (Mukul S. Anand) had directed fantastically. I wanted to make sure that we make it in a different way, which I believe in,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17409208", "title": "CM no to hard sell state in Western Europe", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik has given a thumbs-down to the tourism department's proposal of promoting Odisha in Western Europe . Sources said the CM has struck down names of Sweden, Spain and Switzerland from the list of proposed foreign destinations, where the department mulled to pitch its tourism packages.The proposal was sent by tourism minister Maheswar Mohanty recently. Mohanty confirmed the development, but refused to divulge as to why the plan was rejected by Naveen. \"We planned to explore new markets in the overseas nations,\" Mohanty told TOI.Footfall of Spanish tourists to Odisha is not so encouraging if official statistics are any indication. While a total number of 1,239 visitors from Spain set foot in Odisha in 2008, the number nosedived to 1,124 and 937 in 2009 and 2010 respectively. However, the state witnessed arrival of 1,373 visitors from Spain last year.The influx of tourists from Sweden is also poor. Altogether 235 tourists from Sweden visited the state in 2008. It went up slightly to 320, 478 and 575 in the subsequent years.Tourist data from Switzerland has been more erratic. Only 748 foreigners from Switzerland arrived in Odisha in 2009 as against 1500 in 2008. Their arrival increased to 940 in 2010 and again went down to 819 in 2011.Tourism director H S Upadhyay said the department wants to woo the three countries nevertheless to attract more tourists. \"Though we receive tourists from those countries, we need to participate in tour and travel fairs there to increase their footfall,\" Upadhyay said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17409922", "title": "42 Tamil Nadu teachers receive handwriting training", "text": "RAIPUR: In a unique initiative taken under Sarv Shiksha Abhiyan, about 42 school teachers from various districts of Tamil Nadu attended a residential training on handwriting at Sulekh Gyan Mandir here.The week long training on handwriting was attended by the teachers of TN government schools. It was a joint collaboration with TN government and Sulekh Gyan Mandir under the aegis of Sarv Shiksha Abhiyan. The training was provided by Shobha Mohta, owner, Sulekh Gyan Mandir and Krishna Mohta, joint director.Talking to TOI, Krishna Mohta, said, \"The teachers had undergone rigorous training from 9 am to 7 pm for seven days. Tamil Nadu basically follows the italic style of writing. Here they were trained on the cursive and print style of handwriting on the blackboard as well as copy.\" Krishna said that the teachers would now serve as master trainers to the teachers and students of their state. Follow-up sessions would be conducted in the coming months. The training comprised of psychological understanding of students, speed in writing and development of the IQ level of students.Sulekh Gyan Mandir is an institute that trains teachers and students of government schools in rural Chhattisgarh on handwriting improvement, under the aegis of state government. \"This was the first time that a team from other state attended training. Teachers from West Bengal and Orissa might also come for the training in future,\" Krishna said.He said that the response from TN teachers was overwhelming as they were better aware and raised logical questions. \"They were properly involved and more focussed compared to the teachers in Chhattisgarh,\" Krishna said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17408594", "title": "Samajwadi Party doesn't approve of Mulayam temple", "text": "LUCKNOW: The top brass of Samajwadi Party have expressed their displeasure over the attempt of a party worker from Aligarh to construct a temple of supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav. Rajesh Saini laid the foundation stone of the temple at Nagla Mali in Dhanipur area of Aligarh district on November 22, the 74th birthday of the SP chief.Sources however said that the SP chief has himself expressed displeasure and directed the party workers to collect all details related to the construction of the temple. When TOI contacted, SP spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary said: \"We are a political party and such things are not a part of our outfit. On what I have been able to gather by now, it is a completely private and local idea of some party workers and the party has nothing to do with it,\" he said. Asked if the people behind the project insist on going ahead with the project, Chaudhary said he would be able to comment on the issue once he got all the details.The SP has been against the idea of installing statues of living individuals and had come down heavily on Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) president Mayawati when she unveiled her own statue in Lucknow when she was the chief minister. \"Till date the trend was that people used to install statues of personalities after they are gone. But today, people are so desperate that they are unveiling their own statues,\" chief minister Akhilkesh had then said, referring to Mayawati.The foundation stone for the temple was laid with all rituals complete with a band of priests reciting Vedic hymns and shlokas on November 22. The design suggests that the temple, to cost an estimated over Rs 9 lakh, will comprise a small room which will have a life-size statue of the politician in the middle and is slated to be open for \"worship\" on Mulayam's 75th birthday on November 22, 2013.The man behind the temple, Rajesh Saini, says no one can have any objections on the issue as he was building the temple on a plot of land owned by local residents who had given it away for the temple as their contribution towards the token of respect that people wants to offer to the SP chief. Donations are pouring in from all across the village and beyond to bring up the structure.Amidst voices of desent from within the Aligarh unit of the party, district unit chief Raksh Pal Singh said that installing statue of living personalities or the temple in their name was totally anti-socialist thinking and also against Lohia's philosophy. But Saini is unwilling to take the comment. \"We have scores of statues of Ram Manohar Lohia himself installed by none other than Mulayam Singh Yadav ji in Lucknow and beyond. I don't agree that the move portrays anti-socialist thinking or is against Lohia's philosophy,\" Saini said, dismissing voices of protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17407879", "title": "Maharashtra tourism plans casinos, discotheques in Matheran", "text": "MUMBAI: Matheran, that quaint old hill station close to Mumbai, may be headed for a sea-change. Struggling to make a fair case for any new hill station project after the Lavasa experience, the Maharashtra government now has grand plans to revive Matheran as an entertainment-cum-leisure hub.If all goes according to plan, the tony hill station nestled in the Western Ghats could well boast of a night life rivalling Mumbai's, including casinos, discotheques, music halls and swanky parking arenas. Currently, the only casinos in India are located offshore in Goa. The only hitch: Matheran is a declared eco-sensitive zone, restricting development and movement of vehicles within the region. State government sources say they may have to get an NOC from the Union ministry of environment and forest.The decision to repackage the hill station\u00e2\u20ac\u201dincluding wide roads and regular water supply\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwas taken during a meeting with chief secretary JK Banthia on November 6.Thereafter, Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) was asked to prepare a detailed project plan on the lines discussed. The idea is to give a boost to tourism as well as the existing facilities that are being provided at the hill station. Matheran receives scant tourist flow in the monsoon months of June to August as even train services do not operate then.The government will look to ensure adequate infrastructure to ensure year-long access to the spot. Also, the plan will ensure 24x7 water supply by tapping alternative means. Water is currently being drawn from the Ulhas river and takes up a lot of time and finance. There are other two sources\u00e2\u20ac\u201dCharlotte lake and Simpson tank\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwhich supply water for a brief period in the day.The chairman of the high-level monitoring committee (HLMC) of Matheran (an area declared eco-sensitive in 2003), V Ranganathan, said the government must prepare plans which are in tune with the ecology of the area and keeping the expected noise and pollution levels in mind. \"Whatever is the idea of development of Matheran, the government must keep all environmental aspects in mind and only then present a proposal to us. They must also remember that most of the structures in the hill station have heritage status and so permission of the Matheran Heritage Committee will be required before any drastic alterations,\" he told TOI.Matheran was constructed as a hill station by the British in 1850 because of its closeness to Mumbai. It was thereafter given on lease in 1897. The lease expired in 1997. The existing population of Matheran is estimated at 4,000, and during peak season nearly 12,000 tourists visit it daily.Keep ecology in mind, state warnedAfter the November 6 meeting on repackaging Matheran, MTDC was asked to prepare a detailed project plan on the lines discussed.The idea is to give a boost to tourism as well as the existing facilities at the hill station. Matheran receives scant tourist flow in the monsoon months of June to August as even toy trains do not operate then. The state will look to ensure adequate infrastructure to ensure year-long access to the spot. Also, the plan will ensure 24x7 water supply by tapping alternative means. Water is currently being drawn from the Ulhas river and takes up a lot of time and finance. There are two other sources\u00e2\u20ac\u201dCharlotte Lake and Simpson tank\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwhich supply water for a brief period in the day.The chairman of the high-level monitoring committee of Matheran (an area declared eco-sensitive in 2003), V Ranganathan, said the government must prepare plans in tune with the ecology of the area and keeping the expected noise and pollution levels in mind. \"Whatever is the idea of development of Matheran, the government must keep all environmental aspects in mind and only then present a proposal to us.They must also remember that most structures in the hill station have heritage status and so permission of the Matheran Heritage Committee will be required before any drastic alterations,\" he told TOI. Nearly 12,000 tourists visit Matheran daily during the peak season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17401170", "title": "India's mindset of treating cycling as a poor man's sport has to change: Yuvraj Singh", "text": "Showing his seriousness to the cause of lesser-known sports in the country, cricketer Yuvraj Singh, who has emerged as a fighter who staved off the ravages of cancer, has offered his support to the first edition of cycling event Godrej Eon Tour de India (TDI) in association with Alchemist.Says Yuvraj, \"In India, cycling is considered to be a poor man's transport. That mindset needs to change; people need to realise the pros of the sport like a greener environment, a healthier heart and a daily medium to work out on a busy day-to-day schedule. Tour de India will do two things: one, find the talent to represent India globally and second, open minds towards a healthier nation. I am excited to be a part of it.\"TDI's first edition flags off in Mumbai on December 2 (160 kms), followed by Srinagar on Dec 4 (136 kms) and finally conclude at the Buddh International Circuit in Greater Noida on Dec 9. This edition of the event will see 80 international cyclists and 30 domestic cyclists on the race tracks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17407737", "title": "Metered, 24X7 water connections change life at Deshpande Layout", "text": "NAGPUR: Low pressure and contaminated water supply, leading to diseases, is now a thing of the past for slum dwellers of Adarsh Nagar, Sangharsh Nagar, Nehru Nagar and Wathoda, under Deshpande Layout elevated storage reservoir (ESR), commonly known as overhead water tank. The reason: Orange City Water Private Limited (OCWL) has executed an uninterrupted water supply project in the area.The project is aimed at providing round-the-clock potable water to all citizens by replacing old and leaking water network. All the approximately 3,500 households in Deshpande Layout area will also get new, free water connections.\"At Deshpande Layout ESR area, OCWL is first replacing old and leaking water network and will then replace household water network. Even shanties have been given new metered connections,\" said an OCWL spokesperson.Illegal water connections have also been regularized and meters installed while all public taps have been disconnected. Till November 25, OCWL had replaced 4,600 meter long old water pipeline network in the area and replaced almost 741 household water connections.The slum dwellers were earlier facing severe water shortage and spent hours in fetching sufficient water for their families. They said that they are satisfied on getting the new water connections and pressurized water supply at home.Hasan Ali, a resident of Adarsh Nagar, said since many years they used to get water supply barely for a few hours and that too at low pressure. For the entire day, Ali's wife and other family members remained busy in storing water for both drinking and other use. \"Also, the water was contaminated and people, especially children, regularly fell ill due to water borne diseases,\" he said.Hemraj Dhakate said, \"We have gone through very difficult times. But now just because of sufficient and pressurized water supply, our problems are solved and we can concentrate on other work instead of spending hours fetching water.\"Many also admitted that they had used pumps to draw more water to their households, ultimately resulting in low pressure in nearby areas. \"Now we are receiving water with good pressure without fail,\" said another resident Geeta Meshram, and added that they had stopped using pumps to draw water.The work of uninterrupted water project will not be executed across the city simultaneously. OCWL has started rehabilitation work on command-area system, under which the project would be implemented in each ESR's area turn by turn. The plan for each ESR has been prepared separately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17400656", "title": "The serial mourners for serial quitters", "text": "We're a newspaper, so our phones ring all day, and usually nobody thinks twice about it.These past few days, however, have been a little worrisome, because we pick up the phone and often find a howling, screaming, distraught voice telling us to \"stop the injustice of Barun Sobti leaving the TV show, Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon \". For those of you who don't live vicariously through TV shows, this hugely popular show has been in the limelight recently because its lead actor has decided to quit, as \"he wants a break\". The channel reps claim that they have been getting close to 20,000 calls everyday asking them not to let Arnav (Barun's character) quit the show. The female lead of the show, Sanaya Irani, has also been asked by some fans to quit, because they can't \"bear the thought of seeing her with someone else\". Well, they will not have to see her with anyone else now, because the show itself is downing shutters. We don't know if the fans think that's good or bad news.Fandoms in TV have always been more passionate and more vocal than fandoms in movies. We look at the four most common reasons why lead actors quit shows, and how that affects their worshippers, and subsequently, the shows themselves.Big screen aspirations Many TV actors have film aspirations, and often leave their shows at their peak to follow them. When Mihir ( Amar Upadhyay ) 'died' in Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi , women across the country mourned for months, Ekta Kapoor got hate mail and fans protested against the channel. Ekta was forced to bring him back from the dead, but Amar left soon after that to work in films. His launch, Dhund - The Fog , didn't work too well, and he eventually returned to TV.Much before Rajeev Khandelwal was the host of the scandalous Sach Ka Saamna or the lead in the film Aamir , he was Sujal in Kahiin To Hoga , and almost every girl in the country wanted to marry him. His onscreen chemistry with Aamna Sharif was so powerful that fans wanted them to get together in real life too. But Rajeev wanted to work in films, and left the show to do just that amid rumours of trouble between him and producer Ekta Kapoor. His replacement, Gurdeep Singh, was never given a chance by fans, and the show wrapped up soon after.Prachi Desai left Kasamh Se to work in the movie Rock On! !, and was replaced by Gurdeep Kohli , but the fans never warmed up to the new Bani.Getting a life/getting married Television can be tough on actors because it leaves little time for other things. Barun has repeatedly claimed that he's leaving the show because \"he wants a break\".Mohnish Behl quit as Dr Ashutosh from the show Kuch Toh Log Kahenge citing health reasons. He said in an interview, \"It's an old health issue that keeps recurring and gets corrected after a few days' rest. But it's never been so acute. Gruelling shooting schedules and lack of proper rest have made it worse since I started shooting for the show.\" It was rumoured that the real reason for Mohnish's ouster was that he was uncomfortable doing intimate scenes with the female lead of the show because of his wife, but both the channel and the actor vehemently denied this. Mohnish was replaced by Sharad Kelkar, and it was one of those rare instances when the audience accepted a new actor as their favourite character.Anjum Farooki recently quit Balika Vadhu because she wanted to take a break and get married. Last year, Neha Marda from the same show quit because she was also getting married. Mouli Ganguly took a break from television after she got married because \"she needed a personal life\", and made her comeback with Kya Hua Tera Vaada earlier this year.Don't want to grow old One of television's sure-shot formulae is a generation leap. And even though the women in the show get prettier with age, the men have to sometimes sport a few strands of grey hair to make the leap look believable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17409129", "title": "Electricity board seeks extension of power cut till June", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Rattled by the poor northeast monsoon, the Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) is likely to seek the state electricity regulatory commission's permission to extend load shedding to June next year and advance the evening load shedding schedule by 30 minutes.KSEB representatives will meet the commission members on Thursday and appraise them about the power situation. According to sources, a handful of extra high-tension power consumers have successfully limited their power consumption as demanded by the commission following the proposal to impose a 25% tariff increase for industrial consumers.\"Though a majority of the industrial and commercial units failed to bring down usage, a few of them have made an earnest effort. The board, while seeking to review its proposal submitted to the commission in September last, would seek permission to honour the efforts of industrial consumers who brought down consumption substantially over the last few months,\" sources in the board told TOI.Since the commission had earlier assured that it would review the decision on load shedding and power restriction by November end, the board would need to submit a fresh proposal.It would intimate the commission about the power situation and seek further action.The board would stick to its earlier demand for permission to impose higher tariff on power consumption beyond 200 units a month by domestic consumers. According to the board, since it was paying a higher price for purchasing power, it should be allowed to collect higher charges on par with the actual expense incurred for the same.On Thursday, the board would submit before the commission that the retreating monsoon had failed to improve the water levels in all hydel reservoirs and hence load shedding and power restrictions are a must till May end.It would seek permission to revise the current 6.30pm-10.30pm schedule to 6pm-10 pm from December 1.According to the board, the average power consumption in the state was spiralling up. The average daily consumption of power has touched 56 million units against 53 million units last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407854", "title": "New name for cash transfer to beat bribery slur?", "text": "NEW DELHI: UPA is wondering if the nomenclature of 'direct cash transfer' should omit the reference to currency and replace it with 'entitlements', a rethink as much influenced by claims that it does not convey the import of the initiative as by the opposition's charge that it was an attempt to bribe voters.A day after the Congress embraced the policy as a \"game-changer\", government was abuzz with murmurs that the name of the initiative could be tweaked. The reference to cash is seen as indiscreet as also too narrow.If the review holds, the scheme may be known either as 'direct entitlements transfer' or 'direct benefits transfer'.The idea to rechristen the flagship policy comes in the wake of attacks from sections of opposition that the Centre was trying to \"bribe\" voters with cash. The political class compared it to UPA's farm loan waiver in 2009 which is widely credited with winning Congress the rural masses.Rural development minister Jairam Ramesh told TOI that the government had initiated the move to transfer entitlements to the poor, and not money. \"It is direct entitlements transfer. The name is important. Cash is only a form of entitlement,\" he said.A gung-ho Congress feels transfer of entitlements has the potential to attract the poor who face systemic trouble in accessing their rightful due. Even the crediting of entitlements like old age pension and scholarships straight to bank accounts leaves the beneficiaries at the mercy of the system. While some have to cover long distances to get their money, officials do not cooperate without being indulged. Now, the \"mini ATMs\" will go to their doorsteps to deliver their entitlement.\"It is addressing leakage as well as ending corruption that directly affects the poor. They will feel the change,\" a senior leader said.But there are questions galore on how the government thought of 'cash transfers' after a lacklustre tenure spent firefighting scams and leading to a nosedive in Congress fortunes. The sudden leap of faith has lent credence to claims that the government was trying to find the \"farm loan waiver\" for the 2014 polls.The idea of giving money appeals to people, even if food and fertilizer subsidies have been kept out of its purview for the moment. Evidently, the opposition sniffed attempts to bribe the voters.Ramesh said, \"Its not cash but 'aapka paisa', your money, that means your entitlement. They get it anyways.\"The argument reflected the vehement rebuff dealt by finance minister P Chidambaram when he was asked about the opposition's allegation that cash transfers were a form of bribery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17407573", "title": "Mumbai tourists rescued off Candolim shore", "text": "PANAJI: Two tourists from Mumbai were rescued by lifeguards after they were caught in a rip current off Candolim on Tuesday.Lifeguard Nikhil Satardekar patrolling on a jetski observed that Dinesh Labfz, 25 and Karan Parmar, 28, gesturing for help in a non-swim zone and rushed to their aid. The duoA were secured onto the jet ski mat and brought safely to the shore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17411253", "title": "Trivikram is not acting in Pawan Kalyan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s film", "text": "It was strongly buzzed that Trivikram Srinivas is playing a cameo in his upcoming family entertainer, starring Pawan Kalyan and Samantha. Grapevine had it saying that the director was doing a special role, which last for a few minutes towards the end, and that Pawan insisted to have Trivikram on board.Reacting to all these, the film's producer BVSN Prasad slammed the reports saying that these rumors are totally baseless. \"Trivikram is not playing any role and I cannot understand where the rumors are coming from\", said producer BVSN Prasad.Earlier, ace filmmakers like VV Vinayak (Tagore), Puri Jagannath (Yem Maya Chesave) and Harish Shankar (Nippu) entertained the audience with special appearances. And everyone thought that it would now be Trivikram's turn, perhaps we need to wait for some more time.The film was formally launched a few days back at the film nagar temple and the shooting will begin in December. Devi Sri Prasad is composing the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17407429", "title": "Youth held in fresh Facebook row in Palghar, says account hacked", "text": "MUMBAI: The Facebook controversy over comments by two Palghar girls still fresh, a similar controversy erupted in Palghar city with a 20-year-old computer student's Facebook account hacked and abusive comments posted on his page, this time targeting Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) leader Raj Thackeray. The fresh controversy erupted on Wednesday when Palghar remained shut for the day as the Shiv Sena protested the suspension of the cops involved in the earlier incident pertaining to the two Palghar girls, Shaheen Dhada and Rini Srinivisan.Sunil Vishwakarma, the youth accused of posting abusive remarks about the MNS chief, was detained by Palghar police but allowed to go late in the evening on Wednesday. Police confirmed that his Facebook account of Sunil Vishwakarma appeared to have been hacked by an unknown person. Anil Kumbhare, the new DSP (Thane rural) said an unidentified person apparently posted abusive comments about Thackeray in Sunil's name. The case has been handed over to the cyber crime cell, Thane.But in an eerie similarity with the case of Shaheen and Rinu, who were handed over to police by angry Shiv Sainiks, Sunil was handed over to Palghar police by MNS activists on Wednesday. His mother Paunavi, who accompanied him to the police station, collapsed and was given medical aid at a nearby hospital.The complaint was registered by Bhavesh Churne, president of the MNS' Thane rural student wing. \"We got information about the comment on Tuesday night. We called Sunil to our office, he denied posting the comment. We informed the police.\"The comment was posted from a mobile phone around 3.47pm on Monday. It was followed by a comment from one Prem Patil abusing Sunil for his comment and again a retort in Sunil's name, further abusing the MNS leader. A resident of a Manor Naka chawl, Sunil is the only member in his family with a Facebook account. After failing in class 12, Sunil had joined a computer course in Vasai. Palghar forced to shut downSandhya Nair | tnnMumbai: Palghar, including the Srinivasans, were forced to be part of a shutdown on Wednesday as the Shiv Sena protested the suspension of the cops involved in the Facebook controversy.Meanwhile, the bandh called by the Sena on Wednesday began at 6am and was total as shops, establishments and industrial units in Palghar taluka remained closed, despite several court diktats slamming such bandhs. The entire taluka and Palghar city in particular turned into a fortress with 1,000 cops manning the deserted streets. Contingents of the RAF, riot control police and quick response team guarded the homes of Shaheen Dhada and RinuSrinivasan, the girls who were arrested for a Facebook comment. While Shaheen had commented on the Mumbai shutdown after the death of late Sena chief Bal Thackeray , Rinu had liked the comment.Shaheen is away at her home town in Rajkot, but the Dhada hospital and medical shop remained open. There was heavy police bandobast outside the hospital which was vandalised by Sainiks on November 18. Rinu and her family too stayed indoors as cops stayed put outside her building. Sena leaders gathered at key points in the city ensuring the bandh was total. Sena's Thane chief Prabhakar Raul demanded that the state government revoke the cops' suspensions and called for a strict law to check content on social networking sites.Autos were off the road, state transport buses plied with police security. Railway canteens at Palghar station were shut. Since Wednesday was a state government holiday for Guru Nanak Jayanti, most people too remained indoors. Additional superintendent of police (Thane rural) Sangramsinh Nishandar said no untoward incidents were reported. Several industrial units, which were open till 10.30am, were forced to shut down by angry Sainiks. Various court judgments have put the legality of bandhs initiated by political parties under the scanner. The Bombay high court in 2004 directed two political parties to pay Rs 20 lakh each as compensation for losses due to a shutdown. The court also said the state could take action against anyone or any organization issuing bandh threats. But IPS official-turned-lawyer Y P Singh said action is often difficult as political parties portray the call for bandh as 'requests' and claim the compliance that follows is 'voluntary'.The judiciary has traditionally followed a 1997 SC's diktat upholding a Kerala bench ruling that no political party or organization could cripple industry or commerce in any state or the country, as a whole. But in a U-turn of sorts, in 2009, the SC refused to stall a proposed bandh in Chennai saying bandhs were a legitimate means way of expressing feelings in a democracy.(With additional inputs from Madhavi Rajadhyaksha )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17407666", "title": "Tiwari wants project to be completed before his tenure ends", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), usually in news for project delays, has made the completion of Swami Vivekananda memorial project mandatory by February 28. The chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari might want the project completed during his tenure.In the terms and conditions of the bids for the Rs 85 lakh statue, the NMC has, probably for the first time, made it mandatory for completion of the work on a given date. Normally, the NMC mentions a span of time like six months or two years as deadline and not a specific date.The significance of the deadline matches with the tenure of Tiwari. The project is the brainchild of Tiwari who is a staunch follower of Swami Vivekananda. \"The target is to perform bhoomipujan of the project on January 12, 2013, which is the date of commencement of 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda. The project will be inaugurated in March,\" he said. Tiwari's tenure will come to an end in the middle of March 2013 or on March 31.Officials, however, say that the same rigour about the deadline should be followed when it comes to completing developmental projects directly linked with civic services like those approved under JNNRUM, cement road, malls, multispecialty hospitals, rejuvenation of lakes and rivers, beautification and conservation of gardens like Ambazari etc have failed to either start to complete within the deadline. No specific date is mentioned for completion of these projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407330", "title": "Parents who admitted kids last year help newbies with essential information", "text": "NEW DELHI: You don't recover from the nursery admission experience quickly and parents who successfully admitted their kids last year are now \"seniors\", extending a helping hand to the \"juniors\", gearing up for the process this year. Advice is being offered and accepted on the nature of documents to keep ready, the number of schools to apply and feedback is being gathered on how the schools perform later.\"Last year, I had help from seniors,\" says Sreeju Krishnan, a software engineer who admitted his daughter last year and is now helping his friend's daughter get admission. \"I have told my friend to apply to at least 10-15 schools. I'm also collecting information on the criteria for points. A few schools that I've approached are selling forms but there are no instructions to go with them,\" he says.Vaishali Batra is more concerned about the timing of the admission process. \"I have to go to Mumbai, as a family member has to undergo operation,\" says Batra. As she waits for further information, she gets her documents ready. \"I don't plan to apply to more than 10 schools.\"There are a large number of documents that the parents need to produce before the schools. Several schools demand that the name of the child be printed on the birth certificate and it can take anywhere between two and three weeks to get such a certificate from the municipal corporations.\"My first concern was the birth certificate,\" says Surina Singhal, a doctor seeking admission for her daughter, \"Then I got my school-level certificates out for the alumni points. I'm really banking on them.\" Based in Dashrathpuri, she feels she will \"lose distance points everywhere\". She is also gathering feedback on how schools fare third-grade onwards. \"At nursery level, most schools are excellent but parents start getting dissatisfied by third onwards.\"Sumit Vohra, founder, admissionsnursery.com has been holding talks to help out parents. \"Parents ask me if they should dress formally or informally for document verification and informal interactions with schools. Parents who are not very fluent in English ask if they can speak in Hindi, how they can get their kids into 'branded' schools and whether their qualifications will help them after RTE implementation,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17409661", "title": "Fire mock drill held to test readiness of staff", "text": "DHARWAD: It was an ordinary day with vendors going about their business, office-goers commuting to work, school children going to schools and youngsters chatting at shop fronts. But soon an accidental fire was spotted atop of a school building in Dharwad and the commuters were caught unawares.The fire fighters were immediately pressed into service and alarm was given for children to vacate the building. The fire fighters along with latest equipment rushed to the scene to protect the lives of the children and the staff who were stuck in the building.The all new hydra crane, a latest disaster management equipment reached the spot minutes after the alarm bell rang. This huge machine has the capacity to reach the towers 30 feet height and help the victims. This was operated by a well-trained fire attender and disaster management staff who sit on the top of the crane to reach the victims.Once, the crane reached the fourth floor of the building, the fire attenders jumped into the building by breaking open the window panes and reached the victims. Soon, all the children and staff who were struck in the building were rescued unhurt. The entire operation ended up within 30 minutes.The incident was a mock fire mishap and its venue was the RLS School grounds. The Fire and Emergency Service Department and the Home Guards conducted this mock drill to check the preparedness of the fire attenders. The event was part of the National Disaster Management Day which is an annual event of the department.Besides, the fire fighters also displayed the techniques to put off the accidental fire.More than 500 children and the public who participated in the mock drill were stunned by the performance. Earlier, additional deputy commissioner Mahantesh Bilagi flagged-off the jatha taken out from the deputy commissioner's office by the police, home guards, NCC, firemen, NSS Scouts and Guides, Sevadal, and schoolchildren.The rally later culminated at RLS high school ground for the mock fire drill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17410200", "title": "Doubts haunt Metro dream", "text": "KOLKATA: 'For a better tomorrow', say the tin boards marking out sites for the new Metro projects. There is a surge of hope along the new alignments. Real estate prices have already shot up in expectation. But there are many ifs and buts that could derail the dreams.The problem is land. Unless it is sorted out on a war-footing, the projects will not only lose momentum but may also turn cost prohibitive as delays will lead to higher expenses. The hold-up will also be punishing for Kolkatans who already bearing the pain on the road in the hope of a gain in the near future.Joka-BBD BagThis project has come to a halt as it waits clearance from the ministry of finance. The construction of the via-duct from Joka to Taratala along the median of Diamond Harbour Road went smoothly. But from here on, it will run over the Alipore Mint ground, parallel to Taratala flyover and Majherhat bridge, and then move underground from Mominpore.Earlier this alignment was supposed to go below the Kidderpore Road and Red Road to BBD Bag. But the defence ministry objected and it was shifted to under Victoria. But the defence ministry refused to let a tunnel boring machine under the Maidan. \"Unless, the ministry clears it, we cannot even start the underground portion of the project,\" said a metro railway official.New Garia- AirportFor this much anticipated alignment, the state is yet to allocate land since the Ambedkar bridge and the approachways of Parama-Park Circus flyover and Chingrihata flyover block the alignment from going along the EM Bypass median.There is trouble at Sector V, too, as land is required from the campus of the Bihar Regiment unit.What's more, the initial plan to use the Circular Railway tracks for the final leg of the New Garia-airport link fell flat. The Metro tracks will now go underground for 3.2km after reaching VIP Road. Biman Bandar station will also be underground, from where airport passengers can take the conveyor belt to reach the airport terminal. The exiting viaduct of the circular railway has to be demolished, too. All this has substantial cost implications.Airport -BarasatThis Metro link is supposed to run alongside the suburban railway tracks from Madhyamgram. But encroachment beside the tracks has proved to be a major hindrance. \"Despite having sufficient funds, we cannot make much progress,\" a Metro railway official said.The cost of the project is sure to escalate as the Airport Authority of India (AAI) has strongly objected to the elevated alignment of the Metro in the airport area, leading to a redesigning of 9 km from Jessore Road to the airport to make it underground.The East-West Metro is facing land problems at Duttabad. However, the state government has already taken steps to clear the required land for the construction.When all this comes together, Kolkata will have the second biggest Metro network after Delhi. \"If everything goes according to the plan, by 2016, commuting will not be the same as today. The Metro will criss-cross the city along 125km of tracks. Nearly 20 lakh passengers would travel by Metro daily, taking nearly 66% of the load off the roads,\" said DGM (general) Pratyush Ghosh.AlignmentLengthproject cost allocation% of work donecompletion'10-'11'11-'121.Joka-BBD Bag 16.7 26191500700 35%2015-162.New Garia-Airport32 39511500700 10%2015-16Via New Town3.Dum Dum -Dakshineswar20 22961500700 35%2015-16via Baranagr and Baranagar-Barrackpore4. Airport -Barasat18.223971500700 7%2015-165. Joka-Tollygunge 9 1074 300 5%2016-176. Howrah-Salt Lake . 14.67 4874.51085 27%2015-16Length in Km, project cost and allocation in crores of rupees.The city is slated to have second biggest metro network after Delhi's metro.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "17409282", "title": "Four held for robbery in Lohardaga", "text": "Lohardaga: Bhandra police in Lohardaga arrested four people who were involved in robbery at a farmer's house a week ago.SP Jitendra Kumar Singh said Rojamat Ansari, Tanveer Ansari and Ramzan Ansari of Bhujaniyan village and Samir Ansari of Rahmat Nagar were arrested by Bhandra police headed by officer-in-charge BK Singhon Tuesday night. \"They confessed to their involvement in a loot case of Bhandra PS. case no 48/12.They had looted Rs 4,000 and four mobile phones from Taufique Ansari's home at Bheetha village on November 21. Three of the four stolen mobiles and Rs 500 were recovered from them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "singur", "code": "17410456", "title": "Cops plan to keep monkeys off CM meet", "text": "Singur: If the police have their way, monkeys will get nowhere near chief minister Mamata Banerjee .Several senior officers -including IGP western range Gangeshwar Singh, DIG Burdwan range Basab Talukdar and Hooghly SP Tanmoy Roychowdhury - discussed ways to keep monkeys off the CM's rally venue in Singur on November 30.A langur had clambered on the CM's dais at a rally in Chandernagore last week. It sat quietly through Mamata's speech and scampered away as soon as it was over. The CM had barred her security detail from shooing away the langur, saying it was a good omen on Jagadhhatri Puja. She loved birds and animals, she said.What worries the police this time is that there is a big troop of monkeys near the location of Mamata's Singur meeting. A thicket near the block development office, adjoining the rally ground, is home to scores of monkeys.\"In Chandernagore, the lone monkey did not cause any trouble. But if a group of monkeys descends during the CM's meeting and causes mischief, it will be difficult to tackle them. That is what the cops are worried about,\" a source said.The police officers discussed all aspects of the chief minister's security at Wednesday's meeting in Singur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "17407642", "title": "TDP MLA booked in Congman's murder case", "text": "GUNTUR: TDP legislator Yarapathineni Srinivasa Rao has been booked in the murder of Congress leader Unnam Narendra, 35, on Tuesday night. Narendra was a close aide of MLC TGV Krishna Reddy.Narendra who was brutally murdered at Piduguralla recently joined the Congress after being in the TDP for over a decade. Following a complaint lodged by the family members of the victim, police booked Srinivasa Rao as chief conspirator in the murder.According to information reaching here, Narendra, a resident of Janapadu village in Gurazala constituency was a close follower of Srinivasa Rao till recently when he was in TDP. He, however, quit the party following differences over allotment of funds to some developmental works.Taking advantage of the situation , the local Congress MLC TGV Krishna Reddy encouraged Narendra and started giving priority to his requests. Sources said that Narendra's importance in the Congress had led to heartburn in TDP circles and they also suspected that Narendra could be sharing confidential information to weaken the TDP base in the constituency.Police said that some unidentified assailants followed Narendra around 11pm on Tuesday when the latter went to a hotel to have dinner. The offenders chased him and attacked him with sickles and axes causing severe injuries. The police rushed Narendra to hospital where he succumbed to the injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17409427", "title": "Youths from Red to get free job training", "text": "BOKARO: The district administration is in the process of picking youths living in Maoist-hit zones of the district to provide them job-oriented technical training free of cost.The move has been taken by the administration to solve employment problems faced by the youths of the area. The training will make youths self-dependent and help them bag job offers. The tribal youths belonging to the area are being given priority.Bokaro DC Sunil Kumar said they had already selected 75 youths from the Maoist belt. These youths have been enrolled in the state Mini Tool Room, an institute run by state government, in which they will be provided training in six trades including computer, fitter, wielding and others. These courses are of six months duration and are high on demand in companies.\"We are soon going to pick another 75 youths for the next batch from these areas. This time, we have planned to select 50 girls for the training programme,\" Kumar said. The government will bear all the expenses starting from tuition fees to fooding and lodging of every student. The cost on each candidate selected for the training will come at Rs 65,000. The entire project cost around Rs 1.5 crore which they will meet from the funds sanctioned under the Integrated Action Plan (IAP) project by the government.Kumar said after the training, the youths would get placements in companies where they could earn their livelihood. \"It is a small step taken by the administration to make youths of the Maoist-prone areas self-dependent and to solve the growing unemployment issue. The youths are very keen in getting selected for the training. Officials are getting good response from the residents of the areas like Jhumra, Upperghat and other areas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17408016", "title": "Korean national overwhelmed by GRP cop\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s help", "text": "MUMBAI: A Korean national, Dora Kim (26), who lost her jacket and Rs 50 kept in its pockets on a long-distance train from Udaipur to Mumbai, was overwhelmed by the help extended by the Bandra GRP, especially a woman constable, Anupama Mulekar. The cop offered Kim tea and snacks and helped lodge the complaint, the paperwork being in Marathi.She escorted Kim to Bandra station. \"Kim hugged Mulekar and exchanged phone numbers,\" senior inspector V Dhopavkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17408237", "title": "Catholic groups to rally on Dec 1", "text": "MUMBAI: Following civic notices to several churches in the city, asking them to surrender their land for development of civic infrastructure, Catholic groups are up in arms against the BMC and state government. All Catholic groups have called for a rally on December 1 to discuss the course of action.The Bombay Catholic Sabha, along with the Save Our Land Committee (SOUL), has demanded that the BMC revoke all land acquisition notices that it served to the Our Lady of Assumption Church and St Joseph's School in Kandivli and the St Anthony's Church in Malad for river widening and road widening work respectively.The BMC has given notice to the Kandivli church, asking them to surrender between 0.5 metre to 4 metre of width of land at various points along the boundary wall in lieu of the compensatory FSI for the church to widen Poisar river that runs along the compound. \"The river is 36 metre wide near the church, but at several points, it is 10 metre. Why can't BMC widen those portions and deepen the river to increase the holding capacity,\" said Dolphy D'souza, spokesperson, SOUL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "17409839", "title": "Harmonium teacher Keshavarao Thite dead", "text": "BIJAPUR: Veteran harmonium teacher Keshavarao Thite, 94, died at his residence at Achar Katti locality here on Wednesday.He was a recipient of the Karnataka Rajyotsava award in 1999. He was also awarded the Karnataka Sangeeta Nrutya Academy award in 2010.A bachelor, Keshavarao began his career as a harmonium master at the age of 16. He was associated with various drama companies including those belonging to Kandagal Hanamantarao, Sidramappa Handiganur, Enagi Balappa and others. Thite was well-versed not only in harmonium, but also played the flute.He opened a music school \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Sri Raghavendra Sangeet Vidyalay \u00e2\u20ac\u201d here and trained thousands of students. He had accompanied famous vocalists Bhimsen Joshi, Gangubai Hangal, Basavaraj Rajaguru, Mallikarjun Mansur and others in several programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17409601", "title": "HC slaps notice on chief secretary", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Wednesday ordered notice to chief secretary SV Ranganath and BDA commissioner T Sham Bhat in a contempt petition.A division bench headed by Justice DV Shylendra Kumar also ordered notice to urban development secretary Subir Hari Singh on a petition filed by advocate S Vasudeva complaining that an August 25 order passed by the high court regarding the controversial G category sites has not yet been complied with by these officers.The petitioner has alleged that the officers have close nexus with politicians and that they are intentionally delaying the process of the constitution of the committee consisting of three members and not placing all the applications of the allottees. \"The relevant records are burnt or destroyed, how does the court order get implemented,'' the petitioner has asked.He had separately issued a legal notice to these officers on October 12, 2012. On August 25, 2012, a division bench of the high court had allowed two PILs filed by Vasudeva in part by holding that the allotment of 319 G category sites referred to in those petitions as illegal.The court had also ordered for constitution of a committee comprising two retired HC judges and a retired senior official to go into allotments of sites by the BDA under G category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17408271", "title": "Tired of traffic jams? Hop into a carpool", "text": "GURGAON: For those who hate driving on Gurgaon's roads because of the traffic jams, carpooling could be the best option. It would not only lead you to office and back home in lesser time but also help in reducing carbon footprint in the city.And to promote carpooling in a big way, three young minds left their corporate jobs and launched a community car-share service - FolksVagn - to fight traffic chaos and check environmental degradation.Sameer Khanna, the founder of FolksVagn, says \"We were terribly frustrated with the traffic in Gurgaon and then in February this year we decided to do something about it. My two other friends, who were worried about the impact of the polluted environment on our children, also joined me.\"Khanna, a former senior manager at Ericsson, said FolksVagn is a community car-share service that enables people to share their daily home-office travel with friends, colleagues and other like-minded people. In Gurgaon, carpooling was being discussed on various platforms but we decided to promote it in more serious manner by not only telling them about the benefits but also making it user-friendly.With help of his friends and co-founders Swati Sahai, a telecommunications postgrad from Aston University and Promila Bhat from Hewitt, he has made it more than just carpooling. \"It is a non-restrictive system that allows flexi-timing, choice of travel mates, mobile alerts, cashless payments, pre-verified users, corporate-only members with separate women-only groups, zero fee, no usage-compulsion and up to 100% fuel cost savings\" he said.He further said that it is a technology-for-good initiative that reduces carbon emissions and by being a part of it, individuals and big corporate houses can make a tangible difference to the environment as well as economy.In order to ensure safety and security of users, the service is available for only corporate employees that too after manual verification or referral process. And only personal cars are allowed to be part of carpooling.Speaking about the response of the service, Khanna said users have responded in a positive manner and the company is approaching big corporate houses to join hands and contribute in making Gurgaon green and traffic-jam free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17410439", "title": "Winter's here, mercury to slide in 2 days", "text": "KOLKATA: Winter-lovers finally have reasons to celebrate. With the Met predicting a drop in temperature over the next couple of days given the conditions remain favourable, keep your woollies handy and get ready to flaunt your favourite jackets and pullovers.The night temperature started dropping from Monday onwards when the mercury touched 15.4\u00c2\u00b0C. According to weathermen, it is expected to touch the 15\u00c2\u00b0C mark by Thursday night and dip further to around 14\u00c2\u00b0C by Friday. On Tuesday, the minimum temperature at 15.4\u00c2\u00b0C was two degrees below normal. Over the past few years, night temperature around this time was much higher, ranging between 16\u00c2\u00b0C and 22\u00c2\u00b0 C.\"Under normal conditions, winter sets in Kolkata by November-end. And this year, all parameters are perfect for winter to arrive on time. The next few days will have the mercury dipping even further,\" said an official of the Regional Meteorological Centre Kolkata. The districts, too, have started enjoying their share of the winter chills. In fact, Sriniketan recorded a minimum temperature of 12.3\u00c2\u00b0C while it was 12.5\u00c2\u00b0C in Krishnagar.Weathermen, however, said it would take at least two weeks for winter to reach its peak. For that, the maximum and minimum temperatures have to hover around 18-19\u00c2\u00b0C and 12-13\u00c2\u00b0C respectively or dip even lower. It's expected to get chillier once the Northerly wind starts blowing into the region. But that is unlikely to happen before the third week of December or towards its end. Snowfall in the Himalayan region, too, plays an important role in making the weather chillier.\"Going by the prevailing conditions, we expect to have a good winter this year,\" added a Met official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17408869", "title": "Local green warrior gives it all for cleaning lakes", "text": "Twenty-five-year old microbiologist and Chennai resident Arun Krishnamurthy has become the youngest recipient of the prestigious Rolex Young Laureate Award for Enterprise. He, along with four other under-30 social entrepreneurs from all over the world, has won prize money of 50,000 Swiss francs for his ongoing work on restoring lakes in Chennai. The diminutive yet articulate green warrior, with twinkling eyes and a heart-warming smile, was felicitated at a ceremony in New Delhi on Tuesday.Krishnamurthy runs an NGO, Environmentalist Foundation of India, which is involved in conservation work in various cities. In the past three years his NGO has restored nine lakes across Chennai, Hyderabad and Kolkata and aims to take the number to 20 by 2016. Now, with the prize money he plans to bring Lake Kilkattalai near Tambaram back to life. He plans to do it in four stages: map it; clean it of garbage and pollutants; desilt it and strengthen the periphery and plant native herbs on bunds, which eventually will attract birds, insects and other organisms that make up a healthy lake ecosystem.\"The lake, which feeds the Pallikaranai wetland, is home to several species of birds and pond turtles. It is being choked,\" says Krishnamurthy, whose passion for nature was stoked while growing up in Tambaram surrounded by beautiful lakes. \"The lakes used to support a variety of birds and insects. As a child, I remember spending hours spotting birds like herons and egrets. But over the years the water in the lakes has receded and surrounding flora and fauna has also taken a hit.\"His first clean-up act was in 2008 in Hyderabad, where he was working with Google. The city was dotted with lakes but many of them were slowly getting filled with garbage and pollutants. It reminded him of what was happening in Tambaram. When faced with another dying lake, Gurunadham Cheruvu, he decided to take action. He convinced the city municipality to give him a garbage collection truck and got together a bunch of excited school children to manually clean up the lake.The second one was Lakshmi Pushkaram in Chennai in 2009. \"When we clean up a lake, we remove garbage with the help of volunteers. The actual restoration entails protective fencing, deepening of the water body and cordoning it off from encroachments,\" he says. In 2010 he decided to quit Google and turn full-time conservationist.To fund his community work he set up Krish Infomedia, a small communications firm, after doing a media course at IIMC in Delhi. His company advises enterprises on how to invest in social and environmental campaigns to improve their public image. Half of his income from the firm goes into EFI activities.Apart from lake conservation EFI also cares for stray animals, works to increase awareness about wildlife and save disappearing species of birds and animals. He is helped by close to 900 volunteers, mostly school children and teenagers. \"These children are my role models. They never let me rest. If I have just helped an injured cat, they bring me 20 more strays to take care of. They are innocent with unconditional love for environment,\" says Krishnamurthy who also counts primatologist Jane Goodall as a defining influence on his life. During an India visit, Krishnamurthy, a nine-year-old then, met her and she wrote in his diary. \"That diary is my most prized possession.\" The meeting also set him on path of life-long conservation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407895", "title": "Sheila Dikshit makes fast recovery after surgery", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit , who underwent an angioplasty procedure following blockage in one of her arteries, is \"recovering fast\" and is likely to be discharged from the hospital on Thursday.Dr Ashok Seth, chairman of Cardiac Sciences at Fortis Escorts Heart Institute, said Dikshit has been making \"good progress\" since the procedure was performed on her.\"She was transferred to private ward on Tuesday itself and she has been making good progress. She is recovering rapidly and there is absolutely no problem,\" Seth said.The 74-year-old minister has been \"very active\" post the heart procedure and sources said she even attended to some of her official work at the hospital room. Dikshit underwent angioplasty on Tuesday for opening of the blockage in right coronary artery. She was admitted to the hospital on Monday night following difficulty breathing and throat infection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17407080", "title": "'Sachin Tendulkar's mind is only on cricket'", "text": "MUMBAI: Sachin Tendulkar is known to stay away from controversies and unconfirmed reports. Wednesday was no different. He refused to react to media reports that he had left the call on his retirement to the selection committee because he was not scoring runs.Instead, he spent more than two hours at Mumbai Cricket Association's Bandra Kurla Complex in the afternoon, working on his batting.People very close to Tendulkar, however, told TOI that the batting great had rebuffed these speculative reports and that he was focused and determined as always.Sources at the Tendulkar residence claimed that the batsman was neither watching the news nor reading the newspapers. \"His mind is on his batting,\" said a source.A former Mumbai teammate and a close Tendulkar confidant said that it was hugely disappointing to see people reacting to the batting legend in such a manner. \"I did speak to him for a few minutes but we didn't talk cricket. He didn't seem perturbed and is keen to come back in a big way,\" he said.Reliable sources revealed that there was no debate on Tendulkar in the selection meeting that took place in Mumbai on Tuesday. \"Unless India captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni himself has doubts, none of the selectors will raise such a concern. On his part, Dhoni has always backed Tendulkar to the hilt and will probably back him more in such a scenario,\" said the source.\"There seems to be an over-reaction to India's loss in Mumbai. They did lose very badly, but India won the opening Test and there are two more left in the series. It is also not just Tendulkar who has failed. If the team continues to perform poorly then surely the selectors will do what is needed but to expect them to act according to public perception is wrong,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17408341", "title": "Mercury plunges, Churu coldest at 6\u00c2\u00b0C", "text": "JAIPUR: Northerly winds across the state guided the mercury to take a dip across the state. Churu remained the coldest in the state with a minimum temperature of 6.1 degrees Celsius, the Met reports said on Wednesday.Jaipurities woke up to another chilly morning with minimum temperatures of 11.7 degrees Celsius, almost a degree below the normal minimum temperature. Even during the day, the mercury continued to dip as the city witnessed a maximum temperature of 28.8 degrees Celsius, almost 2 degrees below the normal range.Early morning mist is bothering farmers as it is harmful for crops. The streets looked deserted during early hours. No early morning fog was reported in or around Jaipur, according to the met reports.Met dept also said winter has fully set in the state, especially in western Rajasthan. In the coming weeks, the temperatures will dip further. \"Jaipur is likely to witness minimum temperatures below 10 degrees Celsius,\" a Met officer said.Churu was followed by Sriganganagar that recorded a minimum temperature of 7.6 degree celsius, Pilani 7.8, Chittorgarh and Udaipur 11.0 degree celsius each, Jodhpur 12.0, Barmer 12.4, Bikaner and Ajmer 13.0, Jaisalmer 13.2 and Kota recorded a minimum temperature of 13.7 degree celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407884", "title": "CBI not govt\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s handmaiden, says Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Outgoing CBI director A P Singh denied the agency was used by the government to coerce allies and opponents, saying cases involving political heavyweights like BSP leader Mayawati and SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav are in the courts and the agency has nothing to do with them.\"Nobody can direct us. We investigate our cases and take them to court. I will maintain CBI is not a handmaiden of the government. I keep hearing that Mayawati and Mulayam are manipulated through CBI. All cases against them are now with the court. We have nothing to do with them,\" Singh told TOI.Singh, however, agreed that there was a perception that CBI was a whip wielded by the government and this needed to be addressed. \"The best way to do that would be making the appointment of CBI director through the collegium system. That way, no one will allege that the CBI chief is a government appointee,\" Singh said.Interestingly, his successor Ranjit Sinha's appointment has been hit by a controversy with BJP leaders Arun Jaitley and Sushma Swaraj arguing the decision be kept on hold until the collegium system recommended by the select committee on the Lokpal bill is implemented.Cases involving the two UP chieftains, who are important outside supporters of the government, have made news in the past with CBI reported to have changed its position before the court. Singh's remarks may indicate that the cases are now beyond any intervention.Singh admitted that there may have been errors in the agency's investigation of the 2006 Malegaon blast, where nine alleged SIMI men were initially arrested by Maharashtra ATS only to be later bailed out after the role of Hindu extremists came to light.The Malegaon case had seen some sensational developments after Swami Aseemanand, close to the Abhinav Bharat group, confessed that the blast was carried out by the Hindu outfit.The Malegaon blast case was handed over to CBI by Maharashtra government in December 2006 on the same day that the ATS filed a charge-sheet against the nine arrested men. In February, 2010, CBI filed a supplementary charge-sheet in the case almost toeing the ATS line.Post-Aseemanand's confession, CBI started a reinvestigation in the case in 2011 on the Hindu terror line before the case was handed over to National Investigation Agency.On the two lines of investigations, Singh said, \"At that time (during the first investigation) there was not even a hint of Hindu terror angle. However, after the Aseemanand confession, new information was revealed and the agency began to act on this information. Now the case is with the NIA. Once it completes its investigation, we will know what, if any, mistakes were committed by the CBI.\"On the issue of extending CBI director's tenure, Singh said, \"It takes one year just to understand what is happening. By the time one puts things in motion, the tenure is over. If I had more time, I could have accomplished a few more things such as filling all the vacancies, posting my officers abroad for speedy processing of letter rogatories (LRs) and get a state-of-the-art forensics laboratory sanctioned.\"The outgoing director said he was satisfied with the way CBI was functioning but stressed that the agency needed to speed up investigations. \"For that to be achieved, LR processes have to be quick and government needs to expedite sanctions,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "atchyutapuram (visakhapatnam)", "code": "17407995", "title": "SEZ unsettles lives of ryots, fishermen", "text": "ATCHYUTAPURAM (VISAKHAPATNAM): L Pyditalli is too old to work as a daily wage labourer. He has neither the strength nor the education to take on the might of those who reduced him from a landlord to a pauper.Pyditalli is one of the thousands of farmers and fisherfolk whose life has been reduced to penury ever since the government pushed a whopping 5,500 families from over two dozen villages of Atchyutapuram and Rambilli mandals out of their native villages seven years ago to make way for the multipurpose Andhra Pradesh Special Economic Zone (APSEZ).As part of their rehabilitation package, these residents of 27 villages, comprising farmers and fisherfolk, were offered a cash compensation and promised jobs in the 100-odd companies in APSEZ, a five-cents (one cent equals 48 sq yds) site for a house, a pair of milch buffaloes and another five cents for the barn. While each of the displaced families got Rs 2.90 lakh for each acre in 2004, the money has since frittered away, leaving them with no livelihood. As for the other promises, they have just retained that on paper.\"The government authorities and local leaders assured us that each family will get a job and milch buffaloes but we have not got anything. I used the compensation money to get my two daughters married. Now, I have nothing left and I can't get daily wage work either because they say I am too old. What can I do now?\" laments L Pyditalli.\"These were the assurances by the leaders before the land acquisition. But already seven years have passed and villagers of nearly 20 villages have vacated their habitats. Till today, the promises have not been fulfilled,\" said another displaced farmer bitterly.The government had acquired about 9,200 acres in 27 villages of Atchyutapuram and Rambilli mandals for the APSEZ. While the government allotted 1,000 acres to Brandix apparel city, a Sri Lankan apparel company, another 2,100 acres was allotted to the Baba Atomic Research Center, while it developed around 3,500 acres for the APSEZ.While the government used 10 per cent of the total acquired land for providing basic amenities to companies, very few of which have actually started production, the remaining 2000 acres of land is lying unutilised.While the government was planning to shift people from 27 villages in both the mandals, residents of seven villages including Paladibba, Jogannapalem, Errinaidupalem, Chippada and Dupputuru refused to vacate.This has resulted in a peculiar problem. They are not able to avail of employment under the NREGS schemes as all the villages fall in the SEZ premises. The residents of these seven villages have not even been provided with a rehabilitation colony.\"A few women got jobs in Brandix and other industries. But the pay is very less - only Rs 70 to Rs 80 per day,\" S Appa Rao of Chippada village said.However, Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC) zonal manager, Yati Raju, told TOI that they had offered the rehabilitation package to all the displaced persons and constructed a rehabilitation colony spread over 458 acres at Dibbapalem near the SEZ.But the agitated villagers alleged that few residents who did relocate to the rehabilitation colony were being forced to live in miserable conditions as basic amenities have not yet been provided.However Raju of APIIC said, \"The works by the Panchayat Raj department are going on in a phased manner. They have completed drainage and water supply work and will now focus on bitumen roads at an estimated cost of Rs 12 crore. Work is being carried out according to the occupancy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17408058", "title": "Activists join hands for compassionate living", "text": "MUMBAI: His Holiness, the XIV Dalai Lama, launched the first-ever World Compassion Day at an event in Mumbai on Wednesday. The programme was organized by the animal rights group Humane Society International (HSI) and Pritish Nandy Communications .Urging the packed audience that comprised filmstars, animal activists and industrialists to try their best to shun meat and other non-vegetarian foods, Dalai Lama said: \"A vegetarian diet is the most healthy one for you. We must respect all forms of life.\"Later, when the mediapersons asked His Holiness if he also feels compassion for China which has taken over his country, Tibet, he stated: \"Till my death I will feel compassion for China. One should not harbour negative feelings for any living being.\"Dalai Lama later added that the new regime in China today is much different than what it used to be 30 to 40 years ago. \"The new reality is that totalitarian states are on the decline. This is a world trend, and the Chinese Communist Party will also soon see that democracy is the best thing,\" he asserted.President and CEO of The Humane Society of the US, Wayne Pacelle , which is the American wing of HSI body, said that in India, meat and beef consumption is still quite low as compared to that in US. \"Livestock farming, where sheep, goats and larger animals are reared for the purpose of meat is a big source for the eco-hazard of global warming. We are persuading food chains like McDonalds and others to shun the use of those animal products where animals are cruelly treated.\"N Jayasimha of HSI said, \"Even in India, there are several poultry farms where hens are forever kept in tiny cages in which the area is smaller than an A4 size paper. We are trying to promote free range poultry farms, where the birds are free to use a much larger area, and thereby lead a happier life and yield healthier eggs for the industry.\"Writer Pritish Nandy said though it is difficult to make everyone give up non-vegetarian foods, it is important to begin by making them feel compassionate for animals. \"No faith teaches us to be cruel to animals. So through the World Compassion Day, we should start by becoming humane beings,\" he said. Actor Anil Kapoor recalled how a meeting with Dalai Lama a few years ago changed his view of the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17410292", "title": "Inept Kanpur Municipal Corporation makes festival lose sheen", "text": "KANPUR: The chanting of Vedic mantras resonated in the skies as hundreds of earthen lamps lit up the city's ghats during Dev Deepawali celebrations here on Wednesday. Almost all the ghats along the Ganga, stretching from Ganga Barrage at Nawabganj to Siddhnath Ghat at Jajmau were decked up on the occasion. In all, celebrations were held at all 19 ghats of the city.Dev Deepawali marks the culmination of month-long Ganga Mahotsava, which starts from the day of Sharad Poornima. According to Hindu mythology, the festival symbolizes Diwali celebrations by the gods.Sarsaiyya Ghat, especially decorated and cleaned on the day, was literally dazzling with thousands of lamps kept on its stairs. The Maha Ganga Aarti performed here saw the participation of prominent political leaders of the city along with administrative, police and civic body officials. NCC cadets as well as students from prestigious educational institutions from the city also gathered at various ghats to take part in the celebrations.\"The target was to light up around two lakh diyas at various ghats. But the efforts and support of the locals made this target seem small. More than three lakh earthen lamps were lit by the people who showed enormous enthusiasm,\" said NKS Chauhan, municipal commissioner.The official said similar community activities would be organized in the future as well as they help create awareness among locals about Ganga cleanliness.At Parmath Ghat, the scent of incense sticks and camphor during Ganga Aarti added a religious flavour to the celebrattion. \"The lamps floating on water are resembling the stars twinkling in the sky. The scene is worth capturing in the camera,\" said Mitali Mishra, a dental student.The efforts of Dev Deepawali Samiti were worth mentioning who tried their best to decorate the various city ghats and stairs.It is noteworthy that that due to the grandeur and crowd pulling potential of the festival, KMC authorities included Dev Deepawali in its annual calendar. But due to poor management, the festival lost it glamour even on the second consecutive year.The condition of Massacre Ghat was pathetic as there was hardly any space for devotees to perform Deep Daan. The stairs were slippery, the bank was flooded with Puja waste and improper lighting added to the woes of the people. However, the people braved these adversities and gathered at this ancient ghat in huge numbers. They cleaned the stairs themselves before releasing the lamps in the river.\"Its very bad that KMC cleaned only Sarsaiyya Ghat because politicians gather there. Massacre ghat has its own mythological and cultural significance, yet it remains unclean throughout the year,\" rued Amit Gupta, a local resident.The visitors at Guptar Ghat and Mishra Ghat also complained of improper lighting arrangements and lack of cleanliness. However, the municipal authorities said the people themselves made the ghats dirty after taking a holy bath in the morning hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17410143", "title": "District-level panel proposes to include Aurangabad under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission scheme", "text": "AURANGABAD: A district-level committee on Wednesday decided to send a proposal to include the city under the Central government's Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) scheme, which would change the face of the city. Aurangabad has crossed the 12 lakh population mark as per the 2011 census, thus it is entitled to stake claim for the JNNURM.The decision was taken at a review meeting held at the collectorate. The city has already got two sub-head schemes under JNNURM: the Integrated Housing and slum Development programme (IHSDP) and the Urban Infrastructure Development Scheme for Small &amp; Medium Towns (UIDSSMT).\"The aim of the meeting was to garner all party support in this regard,\" said Chandrakant Khaire, member of Parliament, who chaired the meeting. \"Efforts will be made so that Aurangabad gets a fair deal. The city is known for its world heritage sites and it now fulfills the population criteria. We will pursue the matter with the chief minister and the Central government,\" said Khaire.\"I am confident that sufficient funds will be sanctioned for the city in this budget session,\" he added.Sikander Ali, the executive engineer, said, \"The Central government has already sanctioned Rs 1183 crore funds for the urban poor housing project under the IHSDP scheme of which the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has received Rs 615 crore. Altogether, Rs 542 crore have been spent benefitting 617 people.\"\"AMC has prepared a proposal under the Rajiv Awaas Yojana for the housing project for the urban poor under which 40% of the funds are to be provided by the Central government, 45% to be raised through bank loans and 5% will be contributed by the beneficiaries as the expenses to the House,\" he said.\"A proposal of Rs 749 lakhs to carry out survey work for the housing project has been submitted to the Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (MHADA),\" he added.\"For the first ever pilot project of its kind under the UIDSSMT, i.e. a Rs 792 crore parallel water supply pipeline between Aurangabad and Jayakwadi project, the Central government has released the first installment of Rs 143.86 crore for AMC. The state government and the AMC are supposed to contribute 10 per cent share each and 80% of the funds are to be provided by the Central government towards the pipeline work.\"Incidentally, the AMC has earned Rs 35 crore interest on Rs 143.86 crore funds sanctioned by the Central government. \"Earlier, the project cost was Rs 365 crore but due to the delay the cost escalated to Rs 792 crore,\" said the AMC commissioner, Purshottam Bhapkar.The AMC has been trying, for the last six years, for assistance from the central government for the third, bigger water supply pipeline, to fetch water from Jayakwadi dam, which is about 60 km from the city. Presently the city receives 100 million litres per day (MLD) water from Jayakwadi dam through two pipelines of 1400 and 700 mm diameter. The city requires about 165 MLD presently and considering its growth, it would require 300 MLD in immediate future. The new pipeline would help the AMC fetch at least 300 MLD from Jayakwadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "singur", "code": "17407254", "title": "Trinamool minister faces Singur protests", "text": "SINGUR: Trouble is brewing for the Trinamool Congress in the very land that brought Mamata Banerjee to power. Singur land-losers gave an angry thumbs-down to the ruling party on Wednesday, shouted slogans against newly-appointed agriculture minister Becharam Manna and demanded that the state government give them back the price of the acquired land that is locked in a legal battle.The demand for return of land was the cornerstone of Mamata's strategy to overthrow the Left Front government. And it was the first executive decision she made after being sworn in as chief minister. It came as a shock for Manna and other party leaders to see the landlosers clamouring for cash, rather than be \"treated like beggars\". The defiance of shunted minister Rabindranath Bhattacharya \u00e2\u20ac\u201done of the main faces of the land agitation \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has further fanned the discontent.Manna had a bitter homecoming with his new status. Several farmers, who had queued up in front of the Singur block development office to collect advance rice coupons after being denied their quota of subsidized rice for the last six months, vent their anger on Manna as soon as they saw him. Supply of subsidised rice has been stopped since May 2012. Wednesday's camp was held two days ahead of the chief minister's scheduled meeting at Singur.Even the likes of Badal Santra \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the land labourer from Bajemelia who had chased Tata Motors officials during a spot visit in November 2006 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d have turned hostile. Stepping out of the queue for rice coupons, Santra said: \"When we had land, we used to sell rice. Now we have to line up for the government dole. Even that has become irregular. We are being treated like beggars. Nobody is now talking of returning our land. They are all pointing to the court order.\"Meera Panja, a one-time activist from Gopalnagar's Sahanapara, was livid. \"During the Singur movement we took charge. Becharam Manna used to frequent our houses. They have forgotten us. I would request Mamata Banerjee to help get the price for our acquired land,\" Meera said.If this was the mood on ground zero , their once political patrons \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Rabindranath Bhattacharya and Becharam Manna \u00e2\u20ac\u201d took it a new low by trading charges against each other. Still undecided on attending the CM's meet at Singur on Friday, Bhattacharya hurled a fresh allegation at the government. He said he had informed the CM about the \"seed muddle\" during his tenure as agriculture minister.\"I had taken steps against the poor quality Meramec seeds supplied by Tirupati Agro Industries. Some seeds were supplied to Singur farmers, but the yield was poor. I got the seeds tested at the Bidhan Chandra Krishi Visva Vidyalaya laboratory. My fears came true. I took up the matter with the chief minister. Later the seed company moved court,\" Bhattacharya said.Manna took on Bhattacharya in a bid to puncture his clean image. \"Rabin-babu didn't act according to his claims. Those expelled from our party on corruption charges are known to be close to him. He can't show a single resolution that he moved against corruption. So what if he doesn't consider Mamata Banerjee as his ideal? She has a place in the hearts of the people in Bengal,\" said Manna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17407718", "title": "Case registered over Facebook post with 'casteist' remarks", "text": "PUNE: A crowd gathered at both the Wanowrie and Hadapsar police stations late on Wednesday night to demand action against a person who had posted allegedly casteist remarks on social media networking site Facebook.The Wanowrie police have registered a case under section 66(a) of the Information Techonology Act and section 505(2) of the Indian Penal Code in the matter. The case has been transferred to the Cantonment police station for further action. The police are trying to trace the person behind the post.Speaking to TOI, senior inspector Raghunath Jadhav said that more than 200 people had gathered at the Hadapsar police station. He said the police appealed to them to maintain peace. Senior inspector Bajirao Mohite, who also spoke to this paper, said some activists in the crowd at the Wanowrie police station handed him a memorandum demanding action against the person behind the post. He said he held a meeting with the activists and appealed to them to maintain peace.Meanwhile, the activists were planning to take out a morcha to the district collectorate on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17409230", "title": "Switzerland is the best place to be born in the world, India 66th", "text": "LONDON: Switzerland is the best place to be born in the world in 2013 - and India is 66 and Britain is just 27th, according to a new research.People born in Switzerland will tend to be the happiest and have the best quality of life judged in terms of wealth, health and trust in public institutions.The Scandinavian countries of Norway , Sweden and Denmark also all make the top five in a 'quality-of-life' index highlighting where it is best to be born next year.The Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU), a sister company of The Economist, attempts to measure which country will provide the best opportunities for a healthy, safe and prosperous life in years to come.Their index links the results of subjective life-satisfaction surveys - how happy people say they are - to objective determinants of quality of life across countries.One of the most important factors is being rich, but other factors come into play - including crime, trust in public institutions and the health of family life.In total, the index takes into account 11 indicators. These include fixed factors such as geography, others that change slowly over time such as demography, social and cultural characteristics, and the state of the world economy.The index also looks at income per head in 2030, which is roughly when children born in 2013 will reach adulthood.Small economies dominate the top 10 countries, with Australia coming second and New Zealand and the Netherlands not too far behind.Half of the top 10 countries are European, but only one, the Netherlands, is from the euro-zone.The crisis-ridden south of Europe, including Greece, Portugal and Spain, lags behind despite the advantage of a favourable climate.The top ten countries listed are: 1) Switzerland, 2. Australia, 3. Norway, 4. Sweden, 5 Denmark, 6. Singapore , 7.New Zealand, 8. Netherlands, 9. Canada and 10 Hong Kong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17407599", "title": "HC seeks govt\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s stand on jailed ex-cop", "text": "HYDERABAD: The high court on Wednesday directed the state government to clarify its stand on the plea for the release of former constable M Abdul Qadeer, who is serving life imprisonment in the murder case of assistance commissioner Sattaiah, within two weeks.Acting on a contempt petition filed by Qadeer's lawyer Pushpinder Kaur against the government on Tuesday, the bench asked why the home secretary has failed to provide a reply to the earlier direction of the court.The court was informed that in August last Sabera Begum, wife of Abdul Qadeer, had approached the HC seeking his release as the convict, who has completed 26 years in jail, was suffering from multiple health problems.The court had, then, directed the home department to respond within six weeks. Since there was no response from the home secretary a contempt notice was served on October 3 which too remained unanswered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "17410034", "title": "Eshwarappa stabbed me in the back: Yeddyurappa", "text": "SHIMOGA: Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa , who is all set to resign for the primary membership of BJP on November 30 to form his new political outfit KJP, is holding conventions at all taluk headquarters in the district from Wednesday.At the Shimoga convention, he took BJP state president and deputy chief minister KS Eshwarappa to task for \" stabbing him in the back\". While asking his supporters to defeat Eshwarappa if he contests from Shimoga, Yeddyurappa said: \"His arrogance can last for a maximum of three months, after that his supporters will never allow such people to step into Vidhana Soudha. Be careful about such selfish power mongers.\"Attacking BJP for neglecting his contribution in bringing the party to power in the state, he cautioned his supporters to be careful about \"crooked leaders who are enjoying power without doing any good for the state\".He challenged BJP leaders to announce their action against his supporters and face the consequences. Eshwarappa, who was in the city performing homa and special pooja at his house, said he would not take Yeddyurappa's words seriously.He reiterated his earlier stand that the former chief minister will never leave BJP and all those leaders who will take part in December 9 convention at Haveri will face action from the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17408677", "title": "2 LPG connections? Surrender one now", "text": "BANGALORE: If you have two LPG connections in your name or in the same address, then you must read this. You have just two days left to surrender one connection to your local LPG distributor or agency. The deadline to submit Know Your Customer (KYC) forms available with your agency is November 30. Else, your connections will be blocked from December 1.With the six-cylinders-a-year-rule taking effect, the state-owned oil companies-Indian Oil Corporation, Hindustan Petroleum and Bharat Petroleum ------- have fast-tracked the re-validation of consumers' connections. The deadlines have been extended from October 31 to November 15 and now to November 30.In case you want to keep both connections, one will be regularized as domestic and the second as non-domestic. The domestic connection will allow you to get six cylinders per year at a subsidized rate of Rs 419.50 and every additional cylinder will cost Rs 917 at the non-subsidized rate. But you can book any number of LPG cylinders through non-domestic connection at a rate of Rs 1,224 (in Bangalore).This re-validation process has been taken up to weed out multiple connection possessors in the country. \"KYC will need customers to fill up these forms with photographs, proof of identity and address which will help us find genuine connections,\" said Dilip Rai, chief area manager, Bangalore, Indian Oil Corporation .He explained that the oil companies have categorized multiple connection holders into two sections-one who have same name and same address and other who have different name but same address. \"If you don't surrender one connection, then the connections will be blocked from December 1 and you can approach our local offices to fill the forms and opt for one connection. People who voluntarily surrender their second connection will also have to fill the KYC. But consumers who have only one connection in their name do not need to fill this form,\" Rai said.He said that the validation of consumers who have two connections or more, each from three different oil companies, will be done by sharing data among the three companies after November.FOR TENANTSIf you are a tenant, the local distributors will physically verify address and the different connections that you and your owner possess. KYC is asked to be done for new customers too and for those who want to regularize the connection in their name.THE RULEYou are allowed one connection (two cylinders) per household as per LPG control order (2000) with amendments, issued under the Essential Commodities Act 1955", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chicago", "code": "17409194", "title": "Headley, Rana to be sentenced in January next year", "text": "CHICAGO: The sentencing of American-born Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorist David Headley, accused of involvement in 26/11 Mumbai attacks, has been fixed for January 17 next year while that of his accomplice Tahawwur Rana has been rescheduled for January 15 from December four.According to Chicago court spokesperson Randall Samborn, US district Judge Harry Leinenweber will announce the sentence of the two accused, who have been charged with conspiracy of 2008 Mumbai attack and plan to attack a Denmark newspaper.\"The sentencing date for Tahawwur Rana has been rescheduled from December 4, 2012, to January 15, 2013, and the sentencing of David Coleman Headley has been scheduled for January 17, 2013.\"Each sentencing hearing is scheduled to begin at 9:45 am on those dates before US District Judge Harry Leinenweber of the Dirksen Federal Courthouse,\" the spokesperson said.The 52-year-old Healdey, who conducted reconnaissance of all the targets in the 26/11 Mumbai attacks for LeT, has pleaded guilty of all the charges framed by the Federal Bureau of Investigations .Headley was accused by the FBI of plotting against the employees of a newspaper in Copenhagen and later of conspiring to bomb targets in Mumbai, providing material support to terror group LeT and aiding and abetting the murder of US citizens in the 2008 Mumbai attacks.Headley pleaded guilty to all charges on March 18, 2010. The terrorist could have faced death on charges of conspiracy to bomb public places in India and six counts of murdering US nationals in India but he escaped it by entering into a plea bargaining with the FBI under which he will cooperate with their investigation of terrorist activities.Rana was held guilty by a jury on June 10, 2011 of conspiracy to attack a Denmark newspaper and aiding Lashker-e-Taiba but was acquitted of involvement in the Mumbai attacks in 2008.Rana's plea for acquittal and retrial was dismissed in June this year after which December four was fixed for his sentencing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17409953", "title": "Maulana Abul Kalam Azad revolutionized education field: Expert", "text": "MYSORE: Maulana Abul Kalam Azad's contribution as first education minister of Independent India was commendable as he brought revolution in the field of education, said Rizwan Qaiser, history professor of Jamia Milia University, Delhi, on Wednesday.He was delivering a lecture on the occasion of National Education Day. The programme was organized as part of the birth anniversary of former education minister Maulana Abul Kalam Azad at Senate Bhavan. Delivering a talk on \"Maulana Abul Kalam Azad: His scholarship and vision of nation building\", Qaiser said Azad stood for united and federal India. He also established a number of educational institutions and gave prominence to traditional and technical education.Azad set up University Education Commission and Secondary Education Commission under the leadership of S Radha Krishnan and Mudaliar. They recommended suggestions to bring about several changes in the field of education, he recalled.When the colonial rule was rooted out from India, he supported retaining English as a medium of education along with regional languages. Apart from it, several literary and cultural organizations such as Sahitya Academy, Lalithakala Academy and Sangeeth Nataka Academy were established under his chairmanship to project Indian culture abroad, Qaiser said. Earlier, the programme was inaugurated by Goa and Mangalore university former vice-chancellor B Sheikh Ali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17408376", "title": "Railways\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 institute to impart accounting training", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railways is going to set up its own training institute for imparting training and improving finance and accounting skills among its officials.Railways will set up an Indian Railway Institute of Financial Management (IRIFM) at Secunderabad to train its officials in accounting and finance.The state-run transporter will also start a specialized programme for deputing middle-level finance officers abroad for training in accounts and finance.Announcing the decision on the occasion of the Indian Railway Account Services (IRAS) day, Vijaya Kanth, financial commissioner of railways, asked IRAS officers to examine their role in public service that is meant to be efficient and effective with integrity.She exhorted the officers to improve their skills which should keep pace with developments outside the finance world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17407625", "title": "Making 20ft bronze statue in three months is impossible: Experts", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) intends to install a 20ft tall, bronze statue of Swami Vivekananda by February 2013 to mark his 150th birth anniversary. However, the price bid for the tender to make the bronze statue will be opened only on December 1, after which the selected sculptor will start work. But many sculptors of repute have said it is nearly impossible to make a 20ft bronze statue in three months.Many complex procedures are required to make a bronze statue of such dimensions. Completing all of them, along with making sure that all government approvals are taken will take at least a-year-and-a-half on average, say experts.Calling it an impossible task, Shreyas Garge, owner of Garge Art Gallery, Nashik, said, \"Even if fibre cast is ready, bronze requires a lot of time to set. Around 15 months will be required for that itself. If somebody has said that the statue will be ready by February 2013, then the work has already started.\"\"There are a lot of procedures, including casting, approval by authorities and the final finishing. Even if a clay model is ready, a 20ft statue will require at least six months to be completed,\" said MP Pawar, ex-dean of Sir JJ School of Art. He added that the normal process of making the statue will take a minimum of one year. \"Technically, it is impossible to complete a statue in such a short time span of three or four months,\" Pawar said.However, a few believe that this timeline is feasible, with some conditions. SR Satarkar, a senior sculptor from Amravati, said the task is not an impossible one. \"Though the ideal time period would range from six months to a year, with good team work and quick decisions, the work can be completed in three or four months,\" he said. He also said that the project cost estimated by the corporation seems to be fair, since the artists too deserve their due for the hard work they put in.However, some also claimed that making a statue is not a mechanical task, but an artistic endeavour. \"Making a 20ft statue is no cake walk. Art is not magic; it is not like erecting a wall. It requires a lot of time and effort. If the work has to be done properly, a time period of at least two years is required. Even if moulds are ready, it cannot be completed in three or four months,\" said Latika Katt, a renowned sculptor.Uttam Pacharne of Suruchi Art Studio, Mumbai, who is also chairman of Bombay Art Society, was of the opinion that if somebody claims to be able to deliver the work in three or four months, then the statue is either already made or will be of very low quality. \"The clay work itself requires about three months. Then there are the government and art society clearances. It's a nearly impossible task,\" he said.Agreeing with him, Vinay Wagh, partner of Mumbai's Wagh Sculptors, a 110-year-old establishment, also said that the completion of the statue in three months is out of the question. \"It will easily take one or two years,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17410326", "title": "Boom time for industry of wedding paraphernalia", "text": "KANPUR: Winter brings along the wedding season and with very few 'muhurats' (auspicious time) this season, most of the hotels, guest houses, banquet halls, community centres across the the Industrial city have already been booked for wedding parties well in advance.\"After November 29, there are only seven 'muhurats' for weddings in December. The period of about seven days from December 2 to 14 is the most auspicious time for weddings, so most of them are during this period,\" astrologer Sushil Awasthi told TOI.Not only the marriage venues, from buggies to 'ghodiwala' and pundits to DJ's and band parties and 'mehndi' artistes have all been paid well in advance.Most of the hotels and marriage halls and lawns located in areas like Mall Road, Swaroopnagar, Aryanagar, Kanpur South, Kidwainagar, Barra and Naubasta have no space till December 14.Ganesh Pandey a manager at a Mall Road hotel said booking of rooms has started well in advance. \"Starting from tomorrow, all rooms besides a banquet hall in the hotel will remain occupied till December 14,\" he said.The situation is more or less same at other hotels in the city. A three star hotel's open air roof-top is booked for marriage ceremonies till December 14. A senior hotel staff said the roof-top has been booked for wedding ceremonies months in advance. \"Our reception counter is flooded with booking queries. With no space left, we are totally helpless and have no option but to say sorry to the customers,\" he added.Another hotel, this one in Motijheel area, has no space. \"Our rooms are booked right up to December 12,\" a receptionist at the hotel informed TOI.An official of a marriage lawn, situated in Cantt, told TOI the lawn was booked until December 14.This space crunch at hotels, marriage halls and community centers has led to city residents organising marriages in school and college premises, parks, playgrounds or on the roads in the vicinity of their houses.Most of the city-based caterers have bookings throughout the fortnight-long marriage season and they have no time either.A city-based caterer said they were expecting good business this season. \"We have stopped bookings particularly for the seven 'muhurat' dates, December 2, 5, 6, 9, 11, 12 and 14,\" he said.Tent house owners are doing great business too and one located in Parade area said this time booking number is high compared to last year. For booking, they said they had no time this marriage season.\"Our booking has gone up to 100%,\" said a band party owner, Mahendra Bhola. \"We will go for three to four shifts for most of the wedding 'muhurats' this season,\" said Vivek, his assistance. \"We normally charge between Rs 10,000 but during rush, our charges escalate upto 25,000 and at times above,\" he added. Buggy owners and 'ghodiwallas' too are feeling the heat and finding it difficult to meet the demand. \"I take the buggy or 'ghodi' (mare) to three to four weddings a day. We charge from Rs 5,000-8,000 for a buggy and Rs 3,000 to 5,000 for 'ghodi', depending on the shift and the distance the 'baraat' covers,\" said Qadeer bagghi &amp; ghodiwala of Chamanganj area.Beauty parlours for bridal make-up have also been witnessing huge rush these days. \"We are giving our customers special offers on various packages this marriage season,\" said Lily, a beauty parlour owner in Kidwainagar. A huge rush of women and girls is being witnessed in market places for 'mehndi' artistes. \"We are doing brisk business in the ongoing marriage season,\" said Kailash, a mehndi artists in Naveen market area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17409563", "title": "Woman found dead in underground water tank", "text": "RAJKOT: A woman resident of Kailashnagar on Kalawad Road was found dead in an underground water tank near her house on Tuesday. Sources said Asmita Ruparelia (28) had gone missing in the afternoon.Police sources said postmortem report of the deceased suggests that she died of drowning. Her father Shamji Dobariya, a resident of Devgam in Lodhika taluka of Rajkot, believes that she was murdered.Asmita's husband Nilesh Ruparelia is businessman in the city. They had been married two years ago and have a four-month-old daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17409830", "title": "Schoolchildren take fancy to computer games", "text": "HUBLI: Schoolchildren in Hubli are increasingly drawn towards computer games. In a city where traditional outdoor games like gilli-dandu, kho-kho and kabaddi were popular for decades, computer games are making inroads. Even cricket is losing its sheen and children prefer to spend time in computer centres playing PC games.There are around 180 to 200 computer centres in Hubli and every day each computer centre sees 30-40 school and college students visiting. \"During summer we get more number of children,\" said owner of a computer centre in Keshwapur. Cyber centres in Vidyanagar, Keshwapur, Dajibanpeth, old Hubli, Koppikar Road and Cotton Market flood with students playing a variety of games.A cyber cafe owner Shankar said games like war cock, condition-zero, revolution and other games are popular among children. Computer shops charge around Rs 10-15 per hour for playing games.PUC student Sazid Khan said: Computer games are interesting and give more thrill that outdoor games. We can play PC games in a short time, whereas we need a lot of time to play outdoor games. So, many children have switched over to the computer games rather from outdoor games.\"Class VIII student Prateek Doddmani said that computer games helps children develop concentration power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17409276", "title": "Villagers build road to reach Narsingh temple", "text": "HAZARIBAG: More than 50,000 people on Wednesday performed puja of Lord Narsingh at the famous Narsingsthan temple from 4 am at Khapirawan village, about 6 km away from Hazaribag, on Kartik Purnima.A large number of villagers of the area with the support of some politicians and affluent people constructed an approach road to the temple from the main highway by 'shramdan' for the convenience of the devotees who had to walk several kilometres to reach the temple. The villagers offered their labour to construct the approach road to the temple which was in a bad shape as the local administration failed to construct the road despite funds being released for it.Devotees from far-flung areas of Hazaribag, Chatra and Giridih reached the temple site around midnight and lined up at the main entrance of the temple for a 'darshan' of the deity. A fair popularly known as 'Narsingh Mela' is one of the biggest attractions of the festival.Despite severe cold this year, both men and women, took holy dip in water bodies adjacent to the temple and worshipped Lord Narshingh with garlands and sugarcane sticks. The high demand of flower and sugarcane prompted the dealers to do a brisk business and sell them at exorbitant prices, said Vivek a devotee.Small garlands were sold at Rs 25 to 30 a piece and a single piece of sugarcane was sold for Rs 30 to 40 a piece. This prompted the farmers of this region and Barkagaon to grow sugarcane and fetching a good price during this time of the year.Elaborate security arrangements were made by the district administration both for controlling the traffic and also to maintain law and order. Several health camps were set up by the administration to provide on-the-spot treatment of devotees. Transport arrangements for carrying the devotees from Hazaribag to temple were also made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17408139", "title": "Allahabad ghats swarmed by devout on Kartik Purnima", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On the occasion of Kartik Purnima on Wednesday, thousands of devotees took a holy dip on the ghats of Ganga and Yamuna here. Devotees arrived at various ghats of the city from the early hours and took a holy dip at Baluaghat, Gaughat, Rasoolabad ghat and Sangam Noz and offered prayers.In view of the huge crowd, elaborate security and barricading was done at ghats and police with personnel kept a strict vigil. A senior police official told TOI \"The bathing started since 5:30 am and continued till late evening at different ghats and Sangam Noz. He added that adequate police forces were deployed at all prominent ghats and the bathing concluded peacefully\".Be it women , children or the aged, all thronged at Sangam Noz and Baluaghat to take a dip on the pious occasion. The full moon day or 15{+t}{+h} Purnima day of the Shukla paksha of the Kartik month is considered auspicious. Kartik Purnima festival coincides with Guru Nanak's Birthday. \"My entire family makes it a point to arrive at Sangam and take a holy dip. As schools and office remain closed on the occasion, it is a perfect outing for my family\", said Meenu Khanna, a resident of Dariyabad.Priests say it is believed that on the day of Kartik Purnima, gods descend on earth and reside in the sacred rivers. Ganges and other sacred rivers witness elaborate ceremonies on this day. Devotees who bathe in the sacred rivers on these days can also get rid of their negative vibes and receive blessings of God, said Dr Ram Naresh Tripathi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17409980", "title": "Divided BJP cannot rule Karnataka: Siddaramaiah", "text": "MYSORE: Opposition leader in the legislative assembly Siddaramaiah on Wednesday said BJP was a divided house and lacked the gusto needed to lead the state.The party that claimed to be different was now a divided house with at least three factions. Former minister B Sriramulu has left it, while former CM BS Yeddyurappa is charting his own political course. The remaining leaders are hanging on to the BJP, which can neither lead the state nor attend to people's aspirations, he said at the Other Backward Castes Convention in the city hosted by the KPCC. \"BJP is now synonymous with illegal and dishonest politics. People are waiting to vote it out of power,\" he said.He ridiculed BJP chief KS Eshwarappa saying he deemed it fit to criticize him to elevate himself as a leader.The meet saw former minister H C Mahadevappa attempting to walkout of the event, upset that his speech was interrupted by Siddaramaiah's delayed entry.As the former minister was addressing the gathering, Siddaramaiah entered the venue prompting leaders to leave their seats to receive him. This irked Mahadevappa, who decided to walkout of the event.But Siddaramaiah intervened and asked him to return.Former union minister CM Ibrahim also went up to Mahadevappa and pacified him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17407398", "title": "Compensation scheme for victims of rape, acid attacks", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa cabinet on Wednesday approved the Goa Victim Compensation Scheme, 2012, for providing monetary compensation to the victims or their dependents, who have suffered loss or injury due to crime and require rehabilitation.Announcing this at the usual post-cabinet media briefing, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that the maximum compensation will be 10 lakh. Those eligible for the compensation under the scheme will be victims of rapes, acid attacks, human trafficking, etc.The compensation scheme follows directions from the Union ministry of home affairs in view of insertion of a new Section 357-A in the criminal procedure code.Under the scheme, the Goa government will constitute a fund called the victim compensation fund for which a budgetary provision will be made every year. The victims will be compensated from the fund, when recommended by the court. The quantum of compensation will be decided by the district legal service authority or the state legal service authority.Under the Goa government scheme, when no trial takes place, the victim or dependents may make an application to the state or district legal services authority for award of compensation if the victim has not been compensated for the loss or injury under any other scheme of the central or state government, insurance company or any other institution. The victim may also apply for compensation if the loss or injury sustained has caused substantial loss of income to the victim's family making it difficult to meet ends met without any compensation.The scheme is also in compliance with the directions of the Supreme Court which vide its order dated February 11, 2012 in the case of Laxmi v/s Union of India in W.P (Crl) No. 129 of 2006, directed that the state government in coordination with the central government prepare a scheme as provided under Section 357-A of the criminal procedure code for the purpose of providing compensation to the victims of crime in particular acid attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17408938", "title": "Kidnapped lorry driver found dead at Kelambakkam", "text": "CHENNAI: A 38-year-old lorry driver, who was abducted by a gang, was found dead at Kelambakkam on Tuesday. Police said Marimuthu, a resident of Tirusoolam, earlier had a fight with another lorry driver.\"He had broken the windshield of a lorry after someone damaged his vehicle's windshield. Elders in the area had tried to pacify the warring parties,\" a policeman said.Police on Sunday said abuses were hurled among Marimuthu and the others and there was tension in the neighbourhood. On Monday morning, the squabble continued and Marimuthu's wife Lavanya requested him to calm down.On Monday night, a gang barged into his house and bundled him into a car and sped away. On Tuesday, police found his body with injuries. The body was moved to Chromepet General Hospital for postmortem and investigation is on. Police said that one person has been detained in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17409078", "title": "One held in Tycoon fraud case", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Police have arrested Rajesh Sadasivam (32), one of the accused in the Tycoon money chain fraud case.The police team led by DSP (crime detachment), Vadakara, picked up Rajesh from Mian Sahib Road in Chennai and brought him to Vadakara on Wednesday evening.Hailing from Aruvikkara in Thiruvananthapuram, Rajesh has been absconding ever since the police launched a man hunt from him in May, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17409609", "title": "Land denotification by BS Yeddyurappa govt quashed", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Wednesday quashed the denotification of about four acres of land at Hebbal and Hebbal Amanikere done during the tenure of the BS Yeddyurappa government for benefiting a company.Allowing a petition filed by Lake View Tourism Corporation, Bangalore , Justice Anand Byrareddy said the denotification was illegal as the government had already taken possession of the land pursuant to a project mooted by the petitioner company.\"The government has no power to denotify that land, the physical possession of which was already taken,\" the judge has said in his order . The four-acre plot was part of 63 acres land acquired in 2002 by the KIADB for favouring Lake View Tourism Corporation, following the clearance given by State Level High Power Committee. The land was allotted to Lake View Tourism Corporation.ARKAVATHY TANGLEInterestingly, some portion of the same 63 acres land had been notified by the BDA in 2003 for the Arkavathy Layout despite opposition from KIADB. Ultimately, the high court upheld KIADB's position and a division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen imposed a cost of Rs 2 lakh on BDA for preferring an \"unnecessary\" writ appeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17410460", "title": "Cabbie returns lost mobile phones to techie", "text": "KOLKATA: When techie Abir Biswas boarded the yellow pre-paid taxi at Kolkata airport, he had bargained for a swift drive down to his workplace at New Town. Instead, it turned out to be an emotional roller-coaster that began when Biswas stepped off the cab and ended when he spotted the taxi drive up 15 minutes later.And was he glad to see it. Biswas embraced the man at the wheel, as though he was a long-lost friend and not a stranger he had encountered barely half hour ago. That's quite unlike the sentiment that an average commuter shares with a taxi driver. In fact, it's bitter hatred over habitual taxi refusals, malpractice by way of meter tampering and rank bad behaviour.\"I wish there were more men like Rajiv Ranjan Singh driving cabs. Not even in my wildest dreams could I have imagined a taxi driver returning two cellphones within minutes of losing them in a taxi. I am so grateful that he took the trouble of actually driving back nearly 10km to hand over the cell phones to me when he could easily have deposited them at the airport police station or just pocketed them,\" said Biswas.The IT consultant with TCS arrived by the 1.30pm IndiGo flight from Bangalore after a two-day tourand boarded a pre-paid taxi for the office in New Town. On the way, he received three calls and also called two persons. By the time he finished the fifth call, the taxi had already reached Unitech. Handing the driver the counterfoil, he picked up the laptop bag - the only piece of luggage that he had - and alighted from the cab. Though he had travelled 16km, since the Rajarhat Expressway is empty, he reached in 15 minutes flat. With most of the time spent on the phone, he had hardly noticed the driver. In any case, he didn't need to.It was moments after alighting that he fished for the cellphone in his trouser right pocket and couldn't find it. He rummaged the other pockets but could find neither of the two cellphones. Instead, a cold pang seized him. There were numerous contacts stored in the phones.\"After the initial panic, I got hold of a colleague's phone and dialled the numbers. But they went unanswered. Then it dawned that I had the pre-paid slip. I fished out the crumpled paper and dialled the number on it. I gave the taxi's registration number and was assured that the complaint will be handed to the police station. But there was no assurance of recovering the phone,\" he recounted.Biswas was then contemplating what to do next when a taxi arrived. A tall, well-built driver alighted and walked towards him. The driver had spotted him instantly though Biswas did not recognize him initially.\"I think this is your phone,\" Singh told Biswas, handing him the Samsung Galaxy S2 handset. The furrowed creases disappeared and a visibly relieved Biswas embraced Singh warmly.Together they checked the rear seat again and found the other cellphone, Nokia C3, had slipped under the backrest.Biswas later went to NSCBI Airport police station to close the case and returned to his office in the same cab. This time though, he wasn't on the phone but chatted merrily with Singh. He learnt the latter hailed from Bihar's Motihari district and came to the city in 1986 when he was only 12 and that he owed the honesty to his upbringing. \"My father would say, there is enough for your need but never enough to meet your greed. Also, a cellphone is just not a device, it's a lifeline these days. People come to a strange city with just phone numbers and addresses stored in the phone,\" Singh added.Incidentally, Singh owns the taxi and doesn't drive them often these days. He has been driving the cab for the past fortnight because the regular driver is away on leave since Chhat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17408396", "title": "Trinamool unstinting against FDI: Party MP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Trinamool Congress, which started the winter session by attempting a no-confidence motion against the government, is clear that it will do its best to stall FDI in retail from being implemented and vote against the policy decision.In a blog posting, party MP Derek O'Brien said, \"The Trinamool Congress and its leader Mamata Banerjee , chief minister of West Bengal , have been the original and unstinting crusaders in the matter of FDI in multi-brand retail. Other parties have periodically jumped on and off the issue. Some of them are seeking deals with the government, others are seeking publicity. Only Trinamool Congress has a consistent and principled opposition to FDI in multi-brand retail at this stage of India's development.\"O'Brien said the government did not have an option but to come to Parliament on the issue, as changes in the FEMA regulations made by RBI to implement FDI in retail had to be put to vote. BJP and the Left parties have also talked about this provision which can be blocked by Parliament to turn the policy redundant.\"Change in FDI regulations can be made only by the RBI, in turn, changing regulations in the Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA) of 1999. From time to time, the RBI issues notifications making such changes or amending the regulations. Section 48 of FEMA mandates that all such changes be laid on the floor of the House; such changes are called subordinate legislations as per the Constitution of India,\" O'Brien said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17409233", "title": "Hazaribagh ammunition traced to Operation Blue Star", "text": "RANCHI: The huge cache of ammunition recovered from Chapri forest in Giddi police station area of Hazaribagh district may be a part of the cartridges and rocket launchers that were snatched away by Sikh Regiment jawans in the aftermath of Operation Blue Star 28 years ago. The place from where the cache was recovered is about 20 km from the Sikh Regiment Centre in Ramgarh and this further supports the preliminary conclusion drawn by police.Police sources said the Sikh Regimental Centre jawans at Ramgarh camp had revolted in June 1984 against Operation Blue Star and murdered their commander Brigadier R S Puri. \"The jawans had taken away with them huge quantity of arms and ammunition and the cache recovered from the forest in all probability belongs to the Indian army,\" said a source adding that prima facie they had reached this conclusion because the security personnel had also recovered mutilated uniforms of army men along with ammunition. Police recovered around 5,000 cartridges of rifle, over 100 grenades and ammunition for rocket launchers on Tuesday.Jharkhand police spokesman IG S N Pradhan refused to jump into any conclusion. \"We have sent a request for experts from army, state forensic science laboratory and those with expertise in ballistic science to examine the ammunition recovered from Chapri jungle. If need be, we will also call experts from ordnance factory to examine the ammunition,\" said Pradhan adding that some of the experts would come from Delhi and within a couple of days.\"Till the time, we get a report from all possible agencies, it will not be correct to make any comment as it is one of the rare recoveries of the state and probably the country,\" he added.This is the second big achievement in terms of recovery of arms and ammunition in the district and fourth in the state within a couple of months. In September, police had recovered US-made Colt and Hart manufactured M-16 rifle, Italian pistol and UK-manufactured bulletproof jacket from arms. The recovery was made by police from the Silodar forest on the border of Barachatti police station of Gaya ( Bihar ) and Chouparan police station (Jharkhand) during an operation on August 29. In November, police had also recovered around 80 Pakistan made cartridges from Simdega and US-made rifle from Palamu. In all the four cases, the arms and ammunitions were of Maoists and their splinter groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17407752", "title": "Computerization of ration cards on the slow track", "text": "PUNE: The state government's project to issue computerized ration cards is yet to gather momentum as the district administration has till date processed only 29% data. There are about 8.50 lakh ration card holders in the city and 7.50 lakh in rural parts. Details of only 5 lakh cards have been processed so far.A senior official of the food grain distribution office (FDO) admitted that the pace of work has been slow but said the data feeding process has been streamlined now. \"The work is likely to be completed in the next four months,\" the official said.As per the plan, every ration card holder in the city will get a software-generated computerized ration card, just like a driving licence. Every card will have a unique bar code while the details of the card-holder saved below. The government will be able to access these details online whenever required.An FDO official said that computerization of ration cards will help restrict illegal practices in the public distribution system (PDS) and detect fake cards. It will also restrict presence of touts, he added.The administration has appointed two agencies to upload the data. An official said, \"We have asked the agencies to upload the information directly on a main server. The work initially faced hurdles because of frequent failure of the server.They were rectified recently. At present, information of some 3,000 card holders is uploaded every day. Total 16 lakh cards are to be processed.\" The agencies have been asked to submit weekly report on the progress of the data entry work.In a recent drive, the administration had canceled about 2.17 lakh ration cards for reasons like fake addresses and wrong information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17407901", "title": "Factionalism necessary for growth in Congress: Aslam", "text": "BHOPAL: I did not indulge in factional politics and that is the reason why despite having given 32 years of my life to the Congress party, I still have no position in the organisation,'' former MP and head of the Indian Olympic Association Aslam Sher Khan said on Wednesday.I never encouraged factionalism and neither did I display my show of strength. These are necessary in the Congress party today for growth.''Aslam Sher Khan, who contested the Lok Sabha elections on Congress ticket five times, is a furious man after the party's central leaders from Madhya Pradesh did not let him accompany them to meet AICC president Sonia Gandhi after a coordination committee meeting on Saturday. There are 14 members in the Congress coordination committee, including central leaders B K Hariprasad, Digvijay Singh , Suresh Pachauri, Satyavrat Chaturvedi and Union ministers Kamal Nath and Jyotiraditya Scindia . Other members include PCC chief Kantilal Bhuria , Aslam Shar Khan, former minister Indrajeet Patel and former speaker Sriniwas Tiwari.After two-hour meeting at the AICC headquarters at 24, Akbar Road in New Delhi on Saturday, the central leaders and Union ministers headed for 10, Janpath to brief the party president on assembly elections 2013 in Madhya Pradesh leaving behind Aslam Sher Khan and the other 'lesser' Congressmen. Ever since, Aslam Sher Khan is angry and displeased.Addressing a press conference on Wednesday afternoon, he said: Muslims have extended unflinching and blind support to the Congress party in Madhya Pradesh. And yet the party is oblivious that this community needs representation at the higher level. Do we have to form our own faction to display our strength?''Aslam Sher Khan argued that over the past nine years, Madhya Pradesh Muslims don't have a single Parliamentarian and not a single minister in the state government. There are at least 45 assembly seats in the state which have 20% Muslim voters,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17408459", "title": "Train teachers to counsel kids: Experts", "text": "MUMBAI: On the occasion of National Education Day, educationists and experts got together at Yashwantrao Chavan Pratishtan to discuss a code of conduct for schoolchildren. While the need for a set of rules was agreed upon, most experts focused on the importance of the role of a counsellor in schools and the lack of adequately trained teachers who are 'primary counsellors' in every class.\"Discipline is the training of the mind and should not be forced on children. The counsellor should play a pivotal role in instilling discipline in classrooms,\" said Shailaja Mulay, a teacher-counsellor and an education consultant.In a panel discussion, several issues related to the code of conduct for students were discussed, including qualities of a counsellor, training matters and involvement of parents and teachers in a child's education. \"Teachers need to be trained specially in psychological handling of students. The current scenario of training for teachers lacks this feature. A teacher needs to respect the individuality of every child and reach out to them,\" said Dr Samir Dalwai, a developmental paediatrician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17408683", "title": "Khadi, Saras Mahotsav in Patna from December 3", "text": "PATNA: The state office of khadi and village industries commission (KVIC) will organize a monthlong 'Rashtriya Khadi and Saras Mahotsav, 2012' at Patliputra ground from December 3 to January 2. It will be formally inaugurated on December 7.Products from Jammu and Kashmir, Assam, Jharkhand, Madhya Pradesh, West Bengal, Odisha, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Tripura, Manipur, Nagaland, Himachal Pradesh and various other states of south India will be on display at as many as 225 stalls.Customers will be given a discount up to 25% on the khadi products.There would be various theme pavilions also. \"The temporary Gandhi museum that we are planning to set up here will showcase over 400 rare pictures of Mahatma Gandhi and several other freedom fighters. ,\" EP Lepcha, director, state office, KVIC, told TOI.Visitors to the fair can also see how khadi products are made . There would be around ten food stalls selling snacks from Rajasthan, Bihar and UP. Artists would perform dances of different states.On weekend, various programmes like fashion show, essay writing and debates would be held for school and college students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17407480", "title": "Human resources development minister stresses awareness on sanitation and hygiene issues among school children", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ongole", "code": "17407623", "title": "Dacoits strike again, loot petrol bunk", "text": "ONGOLE: Burglars struck in Prakasam and Nellore in the early hours of Wednesday and decamped with about Rs 2 lakh cash from a petrol bunk. They also took away the computer from the petrol bunk at Gudlur village by threatening the staff with a revolver.Upon information, SP Kolli Raghurami Reddy rushed to the spot and formed special teams to nab the offenders. This is the second major strike by the dacoits in the district in the last fortnight. A jewellery merchant was killed and robbed of nearly 2 kg gold ornaments a fortnight ago at Bestavaripet village in the Markapuram division. Ten special police teams formed to nab the culprits have not yet been able to make any breakthrough in the case.The dacoits used a fire arm to threaten the staff at the petrol bunk at Gudlur. Police officials here are surprised over the use of a firearm as dacoits are not known to use them.Police officials suspect that the same dacoit gang which killed the jewellery merchant was behind the raid on the petrol bunk.Curiously, the dacoits reportedly came from Nellore district and looted the Gudlur petrol bunk. Police said the four-member gang reportedly threatened the driver of an ambulance near Poondi, a village near Tamil Nadu border in Tada mandal of Nellore district on the intervening hours of Tuesday and hijacked the vehicle.After travelling for some distance, the dacoits trussed up the ambulance driver and pushed him out of the vehicle near Veenambakam village of Doravarisatram mandal. The dacoits then headed straight to the petrol bunk at Gudlur and, at gun point, asked the staff to cooperate at 1am. The scared staff gave the keys of the cash chest to the dacoits who picked up the Rs 2 lakh in it and left.The dacoits took care to disconnect the surveillance cameras in the bunk and even carried away the computer with them. The dacoits abandoned the ambulance at a crossroad on the high way and walked away. Police said the dacoits would have used the ambulance to avoid the attention of the patrolling teams on the national high way.In fact, the Prakasam and Nellore district police set up special patrolling teams on the border areas primarily because of the menace of dacoits.SP Raghurami Reddy said the search would be intensified to nab the dacoits. According to initial inputs, police believe that at least four people took part in the 'operation'. In the Bestavaripet loot, at least dacoits were believed to have taken part in the operation as they came on three motor bikes. Although, police recovered one abandoned bike from a nearby village, no headway has been yet on the Gudlur case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17408431", "title": "Jaipur-Agra Shatabdi starts, ferries 131 on maiden run", "text": "JAIPUR: The much-awaited Jaipur-Agra Shatabdi Express was flagged off by Jaipur MP Mahesh Joshi from the Jaipur junction railway station here on Wednesday. Aimed at boosting tourism in the most popular tourism circuit - the Golden Triangle - the train is planned to reach Agra and return on the same day.On its maiden run, the train ferried 130 passengers in chair class and one in executive class. Joshi flagged off the train at 7.05 am in the presence of Civil Lines MLA Pratap Singh Khachariawas and other dignitaries.According to railway authorities, the train has six wagons of chair cars and one wagon of executive class. \"It will reach Agra at 10.35 am everyday. The train will run six days in a week. The train will not be available on on Thursday,\" said Tarun Jain, chief public relations officer ( CPRO) of North Western Railways (NWR).\"The train will return from Agra Fort railway station at 4.20 pm and will reach Jaipur at 7.50 pm. It will take a total time of 3 hours and 30 minutes to complete the journey between the two stations covering a distance of 230 kms,\" he said.On the response train got on its maiden run, Jain said, \"It carried 130 passengers for the chair car while one passenger opted for the executive class.\"The tourism sector has welcomed the train and said it would be hit among the tourists.\"I think a tourist coming to Jaipur and wishes to visit Delhi and Agra have better train connectivity from here. Railways have now given options like double decker and Shatabdi express running for Delhi and Agra,\" a tour operator said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17408793", "title": "Red killers put khaki in a fix", "text": "KOCHI: If you return home alive after traveling though city roads, you can consider yourself lucky. The city police remain mute spectators as private buses, notoriously known as red killers, continue to terrify motorists by bullying and rash driving on the city roads, having claimed an 8-year-old as their latest victim on Monday.For a change, the city's top cop has admitted the department's inability to rein in private buses due to the lack of cooperation from the public and coordination between concerned departments. He also lashed out at private bus owners for promoting rash driving culture among drivers who are as such insensitive to other motorists.Following the Monday's accident in which a girl was crushed to death by a private bus at Vytilla, city police commissioner MR Ajith Kumar has promised to make a concerted effort to book private buses that violate traffic rules in the city.\"I need the support of the public. Just SMS me the number of the private bus that's being rashly driven through the city. I assure you that the city police will take action. No one comes forward to lodge a complaint. Only when an accident occurs, there's a public outcry against private buses,\" Ajith Kumar said.According to the commissioner, it was not possible to deploy policemen across the city to monitor private buses. \"With the available manpower, the city police will not be able to book all errant private bus drivers. Each resident of the city is responsible for ensuring an accident free city, which now lacks a good traffic culture. Private bus drivers and the bus owners are responsible for this state of affairs,\" he said.As an immediate step, he said that the city police have decided to conduct a detailed drug test on private bus drivers. \"It is easy to check drunken driving. We suspect that a large number of drivers are using drugs while driving. We have also decided to remove air horns from all private buses in the city,\" he said.BOX: Tougher laws requiredThe commissioner said that the existing law was not enough to book people who drive vehicles negligently and kill innocent people. The accused in accident cases are currently booked under IPC Sections 304 (A) and Section 279. \"In reality, these two sections are not enough to book offenders as it is a bailable offence. We need more tough laws and make it a non-bailable offence and the accused gets maximum punishment. Only if we have tough laws, people will obey them,\" he said.Section 304 (A) - Causing death by negligence - Whoever causes the death of a person by any rash or negligent act not amounting to culpable homicide, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to two years, or with fine, or with both.Section 279 - Whoever drives any vehicle, or rides, on any public way in a manner so rash or negligent as to endanger human life, or likely to cause hurt or injury to any other person, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to six months, or with fine which may extend to one thousand rupees, or with both.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17407540", "title": "Miffed Vijayashanti looking towards BJP?", "text": "HYDERABAD: A long awaited homecoming could be in the offing for TRS Medak MP Vijayashanti. Sources both in the TRS and BJP said the former actress is miffed at TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao for being sidelined in the pink party and is all set to join the BJP. The actor, however, denies that such a move is on the cards.What could make it easy for the actor to quit TRS and join the saffron party is that KCR's party has only two MPs, both houses of Parliament included. Since her leaving would amount to a vertical split in TRS, the anti-defection Act will not apply and she can 'merge' her half of the party with the BJP or any other party. For the record, the anti-defection Act would apply only when less than one-third of the total members of a legislature party quit.Her absence at the Suryapet rally where KCR addressed a massive public meeting last Sunday was conspicuously reported. Endorsing that Vijayashanti was upset with KCR for being sidelined in the party, BJP spokesperson NVVS Prabhakar said the doors of his party were open for the film star-turned politician.\"Everyone knows that the TRS is not treating Vijayashanti well, and she is unhappy in the party. And considering her commitment to the Telanagana cause, we are ready to back her in any manner. And the BJP doors are open for her,\" he told TOI.Ironically, KCR had vacated his Medak seat to make way for Vijayashanti just before the 2009 elections and after fielding her from Medak, the TRS supremo himself contested from Mahbubnagar and the two of them emerged victorious. After a successful film career, Vijayashanti joined the BJP in 1998 and headed the women's wing in her capacity as national vice-president. However, in 2005, she left BJP and floated her own Talli Telangana party only to merge the same with TRS in January 2009.Vijayashanti's proximity to BJP veteran leader L K Advani is well-known, and she had triggered the view that she still had a soft spot for the saffron party when she met the patriarch last year in Medak while he was on his country-wide Rathyatra.TRS sources said Vijayashanti was miffed at the party leadership for being ignored in significant policy making, and particularly with KCR who has reportedly asked her to contest the Assembly polls next time.\"We are surprised that being an MP, Vijayashanti thinks contesting Assembly polls is a demotion for her. And it is unfortunate that she is unhappy over such issues when the party has given her a responsible position. KCR has already spoken to her. I hope the issue will be sorted out,\" said a senior TRS leader.For the record though, the Medak MP denied that she was joining the BJP and told TOI that she would never leave TRS. Seeking to clarify on her absence at the Suryapet rally, Vijayashanti said she was down with fever and suffering from low blood pressure on Sunday and had obtained the party permission to stay back at home. \"We respect Advani as he is a father figure for us, and we are grateful that the BJP leaders said their doors were open for Vijayashanti. But, the situation does not warrant that she leave the TRS and join the BJP,\" said Srinivas Prasad, Vijayashanti's husband. He added that Vijayashanti was recovering from her illness and that she would take part in the state executive meeting slated for Friday and thereby debunk speculations on rift between her and KCR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "guwahati/itanagar", "code": "17407282", "title": "Northeast celebrates Guru Nanak's birthday", "text": "GUWAHATI/ITANAGAR: The 544th birth anniversary of Guru Nanak Dev was celebrated across the northeast on Wednesday focussing on his teachings and tenets of universal brotherhood.This year, the celebration of the Guru's birthday was aimed at fostering the spirit of brotherhood and spreading communal harmony among people, especially when some parts in the state are afflicted with ethnic strife. It was in Assam that Guru Nanak met Sankaradeva and spoke on the importance of universal brotherhood.\"Guru Nanak is not only as known as the guru of the Sikhs but for the entire world as well and hence his title Jagat Guru. The special day began with kirtan and we had singers from Punjab. It was followed by geet mala. Assam has a special reverence for the Guru because it was here that he met Sankaradeva and emphasized on the importance of universal brotherhood. This year, the state had witnessed ethnic strife and we need to look into his teachings to learn more about the spirit of universal brotherhood,\" said a member of Fancy Bazaar Sikh Temple in Guwahati.Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki wished people on Guru Nanak Jayanti, extensively celebrated as Gurpurab across India and the world.\"Guru Nanak Jayanti is about reliving the teachings that are quoted in the sacred Sikh scripture Guru Grant Sahib, the holy book in which hymns of Sikh Gurus are quoted. I believe the celebration would not only be an inspiration for the followers of Sikhism but also to others as teachings of Guru Nanak are universal,\" Tuki said in a statement.Guru Nanak Jayanti is one of the several auspicious religious festivals in Sikhism celebrated to commemorate and remember the birth and philosophy of Guru Nanak, the first Sikh guru and founder of Sikhism (1469 AD - 1539 AD). Tuki expressed hope that the occasion would strengthen the bond between all religious communities and foster peace and tranquility.Arunachal Pradesh governor General (Retd) JJ Singh on Wednesday called upon the Sikhs to imbibe righteous values of Sikhism and stay rooted to their cultural heritage and tradition. Attending the 544th birth anniversary celebrations of Guru Nanak at Gurudwara Saheb, Naharlagun near here, Singh exhorted them to maintain the spirit of sacrifice and community service and help people.\"Joined by a large number of people from the Sikh community and other communities, the governor participated in the Shabad Kirtan and Anand Saheb Path organized on the occasion,\" a Raj Bhawan comminique said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17409679", "title": "5-day meet to dwell on Madhwa philosophy", "text": "DHARWAD: Scholars and followers of Madhwa philosophy from across the country have descended on Dharwad for the five-day All India Madhwa convention organized by Uttaradi Mutt sponsored by the Vishwa Madhwa Mahaparishat at KE Board's high school premises in Malamaddi of Dharwad. The meet will begin on Thursday at 7.30am.There will be discourses, debates on Nyaya, Tarka, Meemansa and Dasa literature among other issues besides bhajan, dance, music and other cultural activities in the evening. Over one lakh devotees are expected to participate in the five-day congregation organized by the Vishwa Madhwa Mahamandal under the leadership of seer of Uttaradi Mutt Satyatmateertha Swamy. Pontiffs of all Madhwa Mutts will grace the occasion.This is the 16th edition of the annual conference and the second in Dharwad. The first conference was held at Dharwad in 1998. Last year Hanumasagar in Koppal taluk hosted the convention.Preceding the convention a bike rally was organized from Nuggikeri Hanuman temple to Kala Bhavan on Wednesday. Pontiff of Uttradi Mutt Satyatmateertha Swamy was taken in a procession in a chariot to Kala Bhavan and later a shobha yatra was organized from Kala Bhavan to Malamaddi. Over 40 bhajana troupes participated in the shobha yatra.A huge pandal has been erected at the KE Board's school premises. Arun Ambekar, a native of Dharwad now settled in Ahmednagar in Gujrat has come to attend the convention. \"We do not get to see and listen to all the leading scholars and seers of Madhwa philosophy at one place. This is the best occasion to interact with the fellow Madhwas and reinforce the preaching of the Dvaita philosophy\" he said.Convenor of the conference and noted scholar Jayateerthacharya Malagi said the programmes include conclusion of reciting Nyayasudha, 108th anniversary of Madhwa Siddhanta Development Executive body, centenary celebration of anointment of Satyapramod Swamiji and annual conference of World Madhwa Mahaparishat among others.Pontiff of Uttaradi Mutt Satyatmateertha will preside over the celebrations and pontiffs of Pejawar, Palimaru, Bhandarkeri, Kaniyur, Subrahmanya and Arya Akshobnhyateertha of Kudli Mutt will be present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17408531", "title": "22-yr-old run over by train", "text": "MUMBAI: A youth, Shubhankar Mandal (22), died after being hit by a train between Parel and Currey Road stations on Tuesday around 7.45pm. The deceased was crossing the railway tracks. Doctors at KEM Hospital declared him dead.Mandal was a West Bengal native and stayed with his uncle in Dahisar. The Dadar railway police went through Mandal's cellphone and located his uncle's phone number. Following an autopsy, the deceased's body was handed over to his uncle. Dadar railway police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17408434", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcManaging two systems of exams tough\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The winter break for teachers and postgraduate students in city colleges will be rather drab.College officials are asking teachers to serve as exam invigilator while students are facing the unpalatable prospect of appearing for exams when everyone else will be holidaying.\"Since colleges offer a large number of postgraduate courses, managing two systems of exams becomes difficult. Most faculty members want to avail the winter vacation and it is difficult to find invigilator,\" Mani Bedi, principal, Government College for Girls, Sector 42, said.PU controller of examinations A K Bhandari conceded to difficulties being faced on account of holidays but said issues would be worked out soon. \"There has been resistance from invigilator since the system is new for colleges, but the university, along with colleges, will manage well,\" he said.However, teachers are not that upbeat. \"Even though conducting the exam is of prime importance, there must be a way to resolve differences. Teachers must be paid 1.5 times the honourarium paid to them for working during holidays. The university calendar also provides for compensatory leave,\" Kuldeep Singh, secretary, Punjab and Chandigarh College Teachers Union (PCCTU) asserted. Faculty member at the Post-graduate Government College for Girls, Sector 42, Dilip Kumar said the university must look at the bigger picture while setting the date-sheet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17408181", "title": "Only 25 m safety zone at Jamwaramgarh?", "text": "JAIPUR: If 123 mines are functioning within a km of the Sariska Tiger Reserve, the Rajasthan forest department has prescribed a safety zone of just 25 metres in the case of Jamwaramgarh Sanctuary.The Supreme Court-appointed Central Empowered Committee was of the view that at least a 500 metre safety zone around national parks and a sanctuary is necessary where no mining, construction or other projects are allowed.\"Without a safety zone, the habitat and wildlife in the national parks and sanctuaries are adversely affected. Mining causes heavy disturbance in the area due to blasting, chiseling, transportation, flying debris and movement of a large number of labourers and persons. The safety zone of 25 metre presently prescribed by the Rajasthan Forest department is totally in adequate as the rocks blasted apart can travel much beyond the safety zone, says the CEC.According to the affidavit filed by the additional director, mines in the SC, \"Increasing the safety zone to the desired level of 500 metre will result in closure of a large number of mines.\"However, in a holistic view, the CEC had allowed continuation of existing mines beyond a distance of 100 metre and no new mining leases within the range of 500 m of Jamwaramgarh Sanctuary. There would be 53 mines that would continue due to the proposed modification.\"These 53 mines have precious and quality minerals like soap stone and marble and therefore continuance is imperative,\" asserts the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17407490", "title": "The world has gone digital, says scientist-turned-film director", "text": "PANAJI: Photographs capture memories for posterity. And though film-based photography predates him, Bedabrata Pain's work in developing camera technology has today enabled millions of people across the world access to cameras through low-cost mobile phones, which incorporate the technology he helped develop.His scientific work in 1993 on the active pixel sensor which is commonly known as the CMOS sensor, is now widely used in in a whole range of cameras ranging from mobile phone cameras to the advanced movie cameras, and even in space telescopes and has created a $ 10 billion digital camera industry.Delivering a master class at the International film festival of India (Iffi) 2012, Pain advocated the use of digital technology for shooting of movies.Pain, formerly a scientist at Nasa's jet propulsion laboratory in the US, quit the space agency in 2008 to become a film director. He has recently released his debut movie, 'Chittagong', which has been critically acclaimed.The IIT (Kharagpur) graduate who also has a PhD from Columbia University , said, \"(In the beginning) everything on the set looked unfamiliar except the (professional RED) camera.\"Pain said he \"could not resist shooting in digital,\" despite everybody advising him against it. \"I did it because I wanted to,\" he added.Digital shooting had better low light capability, while film performed better in high light environments, observed Pain while elucidating on the digital platform he favours. He felt digital offered directors more flexibility in shooting and was also relatively inexpensive for shooting as unlike film cameras, the digital camera can be kept running. It also made editing possible immediately and allowed for 'punch in' capability particularly with regard to close-ups.Describing the ease of use that digital technology brings, Pain stressed that \"the world has gone digital.\" While noting that digital shooting output was the same as what appears to the naked eye, he observed that there was still some way to go in improving of technology to match capabilities of the human eye.He stated that the \"resolution (chosen for shooting movies) did matter, as it gives extra bits of information that makes the picture interesting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17407786", "title": "Western Coalfields Limited wants to mine close to rivers", "text": "NAGPUR: Public-sector coal miner Western Coalfields Limited (WCL) has approached the state government to relax the river regulatory zone norms that prohibit industrial and mining activity close to river banks. The norms are meant for preventing pollution of the water.Coal mining, which has been categorized by the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) among the highest polluting activities, is barred up to 2 kms from a river bank. The river regulatory zone policy is effective from 2009. The state government has notified six rivers in Maharashtra, of which one is Wardha river that flows along a major area under WCL's mines.WCL sees a major production loss on account of norms and has taken up its case with the state's chief minister Prirthviraj Chavan through the union minister of state of coal Pratik Patil, also a Congress leader from Maharashtra. According to WCL's estimates, ban on mining activity due to zoning will lead to a direct loss of 5.64 million tonnes as this has already prevented expansion of existing mines. The reduction is more than 10% WCL's average yearly production.In the current year, WCL estimates to produce 43.15 million tonnes of coal, which is lower than the target of 45 million tonnes. A lower production may ultimately hit power sector and other industries which use coal as fuel. With production down, fuel supply to the new power plants is already constrained. The ban will also affect future expansions cutting down the capacity addition by 11.64 million tones, sources said. This includes one greenfield project with a capacity of 6 million tonnes, said a source in ministry of coal.WCL argues that mining does not lead to effluents being released in the river like other industries. \"Any other industry can change the location but a mine is site specific so we have requested the state government to consider our case. A decision is awaited,\" said a senior official in WCL.The MPCB norms categorize mark red, orange and green industries. The latter two are barred from operating within 1 km and 500 metres from the river bank, and those under red category have to be at least 2 kms away. Mining was brought into the red category through a notification. Although a mine does not need to set up an effluent treatment plant and the water it discharges can be released back into river by separating the coal dust in a settling tank, the source said.WCL was not able to open new mines as land owners were not willing to give their land at old rates notified by the state government. With the new rates ranging from Rs 6 to 10 lakh an acre, the company estimates an outflow of Rs 2509 crore for acquisition. This is almost double its profits and may turn many projects unviable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "pilar", "code": "17407426", "title": "Wagh draws Mother Teresa at artists' camp", "text": "PILAR: St Andre MLA Vishnu Wagh inaugurated the national artists' camp at the Pilar theological college, Pilar on Monday, by drawing a picture of Mother Teresa.The national artist's camp is being organized by the Kerala lalithakala akademi, Thrissur and art, an initiative of the Catholic bishops' conference of India's office for social communications (CBCI-OSC), New Delhi. It started on Sunday and will go on till Saturday.Wagh, in his address, stated that \"Art keeps us alive.\" He added that \"an artist is the only person who puts his foot down to survive. Art belongs to a different religion. Art is a blessing God had given us. Let us create good art and contribute to eternity.\"Ten senior artists from Kerala and five artists from Goa are participating in the artists' camp. After the camp, their paintings will be on display at the Pilar theological college on from Friday.Stressing that there are many things common between Goa and Kerala, Wagh invited the Kerala lalithakala akademi and Thrissur and art to the Kala Academy to display their art works in the future. Wagh is chairman of the Campal cultural institute.Fr Norman Almeida, dean of the Pilar theological college, stated that \"the language of art is a universal language that is endowed with a universal openness to guide the path of the mind.\"Fr Francis Carvalho, superior general of the Pilar society, inaugurated an exhibition of paintings on Mother Teresa at the Pilar museum hall.Carvalho, who designed the main mosaic of the cathedral at Port Blair , Andaman, shared his experiences using visual art to communicate.The paintings that are displayed were done at artists' camp at Kolkata for the birth centenary of Mother Teresa, and were exhibited in Mother house, Kolkata, St Xavier's college, Kolkata, Kerala lalithakala akademi gallery, Thrissur, and Hungarian cultural centre, New Delhi. Next, the touring exhibition will travel to Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17408313", "title": "No property tax, at least for a year", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City residents will not have to grapple with property tax issues, at least for another year.The Congress ensured that the item was struck off the agenda for Monday's house meeting. Besides, with general elections scheduled for early 2014, political will needed to bring in the controversial cess is lacking.Sources said MP Pawan Kumar Bansal advised councillors against raking up the issue in 2013.However, the UT, in a meeting made it clear that it would not defend the MC if the centre decided to withhold grants because of its failure to implement the property tax.According to senior functionaries in the Congress, after winning the MC elections in December 2011, the common view was that mild tax could be imposed. But now that the tax has not been implemented so far, there would be reluctance to do so in 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17407932", "title": "1kg gold stolen from house", "text": "BHOPAL: Unidentified burglars broke open a house and escaped with gold coins and jewellery weighing about a kilogram on Tuesday evening. The incident took place in Danish Kunj under the limits of Kolar police station.The complainant, Rajendra Shrivastava had gone to a city mall along with his family. However, when he returned around 10 pm, the locks of the house were found broken.Later, when Shrivastava, a telecom officer, took stock of the situation and ascertained that around a kilogram of gold is missing from the house, he lodged a complaint with police.The Kolar police confirmed the incident but said they were yet to receive the list of stolen ornaments. It was suspected that the accused was known to the Shrivastava family as he targeted only that almirah in which the gold jewellery and coins were kept, said town inspector GP Agrawal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17407393", "title": "Government creates 250 posts for music trainers in schools", "text": "PANAJI: The cabinet has approved the creation of 250 posts for music trainers and accompanists in the department of art and culture over the next three years. The music trainers and accompanists are to be deputed to various schools to impart music education.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar told mediapersons after the meeting that this fulfils another assurance he gave in his last budget speech.Parrikar, in his budget speech , had proposed that music teachers in schools working under the scheme promoted by the directorate of art and culture will be placed under appropriate pay scale as per their qualification and given proper workload. Now adequate funds have been provided for this purpose and the posts of music trainer and accompanist will be created in the directorate of art and culture to depute them in various schools to conduct music classes.Accordingly, 250 posts of music trainers, 250 posts of accompanists will also be recruited in a phased manner spread out over the next three years as per the requirement workload assessment. In 2012-2013, 50% posts will be created, 25% in 2013-14 and the balance in the year 2014-15.Under the government scheme, grants are given to educational institutions to impart cultural education by way of conducting regular classes in performing arts, that is, music, dances, etc. The schools are at liberty to engage the services of one music teacher and one accompanist that is one senior teacher and one accompanist who assists the senior music teacher. The scheme for aided schools was started in the year 2001and the same was made applicable for government schools in the year 2008. Presently, the scheme is being implemented in 218 schools. Most of these are music teachers and accompanists working under the scheme for over ten years for mere remuneration.The government acknowledges that these teachers and accompanists are instrumental in providing value-based education in the field of music and dance for the school students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "shravasti", "code": "17408052", "title": "Birth ceremony of Sambhavnath celebrated", "text": "SHRAVASTI: The birth ceremony of Sambhavnath began today and a discourse program was organized late in the evening and thereafter other programs related to the womb, birth, worship and knowledge were also organized.Shravasti enjoys the pride of the birth place of the two of 24 'teerthkar' of Jain religion Sambhavnath and Chandraprabhu.A three day Sambhavnath birth ceremony was organized at Bhagwan Sambhavnath temple. A peace 'pooja' was also organized by the priest of Jain religion. On the third day of the program a huge chariot procession was carried out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "17408053", "title": "Guru Jambheshwar University girls continue dharna, demand security", "text": "HISAR: Demanding security and safety on campus, girl students of Guru Jambheshwar University of Science &amp; Technology (GJU) held a demonstration and sat on a dharna for the second consecutive day.Students have been protesting ever since 20-year-old Geetika Mehta was hacked to death on campus by a fellow student on Monday. The students on Wednesday said they would hold talks with the chancellor (Haryana governor) and brief him about their problems. Monday's murder was second on the campus in the last four months.\"This is the second murder inside the university in last four months. But the university authorities have still not learned any lesson and security arrangements on campus continue to be low and ineffective,\" said a student. On August 10, another girl student was stabbed to death at the same place on the campus.Students said the university was putting the lives of girls at risk by not beefing up security. \"We want to talk to the chancellor and tell him our problems. They are not allowing us even this meeting,\" said another student. \"In both the incidents, students came to help and nabbed the assailants. No security person was in sight at the time of these incidents,\" said Shikha, a B.Tech student.Girls said they would lift the dharna only after meeting the VC. Nisha, who was an eyewitness to the gruesome murder of Geetika, said that they were all together at the time of the incident. \"We all were going back to the hostel and Geetika stopped for withdrawing cash from an ATM. As she came out, Pardeep, the accused, asked her to stop and started arguing with her. When Geetika did not pay any heed, he took out a sharp weapon from inside his shirt and first hit her on the neck. Geetika fell down on the ground and then he again hit her hard on the head, killing my best friend,\" said Nisha with tears in her eyes.Meanwhile, university registrar RS Jaglan, said, \"The university administration has accepted all the demands of the students. We are also taking steps to control incidents of eve-teasing on the campus.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17410357", "title": "Darker side of Dev Deepawali: A neglected Ganga", "text": "VARANASI: The city celebrated Dev Deepawali with religious fervour on Wednesday. In Varanasi, the Kartik Poornima (full moon night of the auspicious month of Kartik) comes alive with innumerable clay lamps along the majestic ghats of the holy Ganga to celebrate Dev Deepawali. The reflection of the illuminated riverfront in water as well as floating clay lamps amidst chanting of Vedic hymns created a mystical environment. It is believed that the Gods descend from heaven to bathe in the river on this occasion.However, it is unfortunate to see that the pristine beauty and the heritage of the majestic riverfront that attracts millions of visitors from the country and abroad is being threatened by a number of factors. The city has a beautiful crescent-shaped bank of Ganga with 84 ghats spread in a stretch of 6.8 km.The riverfront has palatial buildings built mostly by kings and landlords from different parts of the country between 18th and 20th centuries. Besides, there are a number of shrines and temples along the ghats.During his two-day visit to the city in March 2008, Prime Minister, Manmohan Singh had showed his interest in the development of Varanasi's heritage. Interacting with a delegation of locals and media, he said that the state government would be requested to form a group of experts to prepare a Heritage Development Plan for Varanasi which would be funded from the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) and other sources.Describing Varanasi as a place of ancient heritage value, he said it is one of the few cities included in Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). \"Here, in Uttar Pradesh, I would like to give emphasis on an important message. This region of the holy Ganga has been the centre of our civilization,\" the PM had said while speaking at the convocation of Banaras Hindu University (BHU). However, today the fact is that most of the heritage properties face intense pressure, and in the name of development, old structures are modified or demolished, believes Prof Rana PB Singh of cultural Geography and heritage studies at Banaras Hindu University (BHU) and member of the Heritage Cell of Varanasi Municipal Corporation. He has been working to help in getting the historic riverfront of the city enlisted in the UNESCO's World Heritage List.According to him, the age-old traditions of Varanasi fulfill the criteria of the UNESCO World Heritage Convention related to intangible cultural heritage. These traditions include the traditions of ritual, folk music, and songs, performing arts like traditional dance, and theatrical performances on special festive occasions, social practices in celebrating festivals, and events.The heritage landscapes are subjected to encroachment, unethical destruction, and change in the basic structure. According to Singh, the riverfront witnesses a spate of illegal encroachments and opening of restaurants and guest houses, partial conversion of the houses into shops or paying guest houses, silk and handicrafts shops, and also transformation of heritage buildings for economic benefits.However, JNNURM includes the heritage component. The Varanasi Development Authority (VDA) assigned the INTACH (Delhi unit) to prepare detailed project reports of selected heritage sites for their conservation as per the criteria of UNESCO.The efforts for the enlisting Varanasi in the UNESCO's World Heritage list were started several years ago, however, nothing has been done so far. Singh has prepared a report on 'urban planning of the Heritage City of Varanasi and its role in regional development'. According to the report, the groups of buildings identified in Varanasi fall into the category of historic inhabited town, now enclosed within the modern city precincts.Further more, the Ganga with its ghats also fulfil the criteria of cultural landscapes as designated in Article 1 of the Convention and specifically that of a cultural landscape. It retains an active social role in contemporary society closely associated with the traditional way of life, and in which the evolutionary process is still in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17409884", "title": "Patancheru-Shamirpet Outer Ring Road: Toll for car Rs 30", "text": "HYDERABAD: With another Nehru Outer Ring Road (ORR) stretch between Patancheru and Shamirpet likely to be opened for commuters next week, the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) has initiated the process of collection of user fee from vehicles.If the toll collection is started, commuters travelling in a car on ORR from Patancheru to Shamirpet have to pay Rs 30, mini bus Rs 50 and bus or two-axle trucks Rs 100. Similarly, for Patancheru to Medchal the user fee would be Rs 20 for cars, Rs 40 for mini buses and Rs 80 for buses or two-axle trucks.Tenders have been invited by the HMDA for collection of user fee from motorists on the 35-km stretch between Patancheru and Shamirpet. The sale of bids began on Wednesday and it would be accepted till December 24 and tenders would be finalised by December end. The manual user fee would be collected till March 2014 at interchange points at Patancheru, Sultanpur, Saregudem, Kandlakoya, Medchal and Shamirpet\"The ORR stretch is ready with the link road at Kandlakoya. The HMDA is planning to throw it open for public on December 3,\" ORR chief general manager N Surya Prakash Reddy told TOI on Wednesday.The HMDA has started collecting toll through PK Hospitality Services Ltd on the completed ORR stretches between Pedda Amberpet and Patancheru and Narsingi and Gachibowli. The contractor has agreed to pay Rs 22.73 crore for 18 months to the urban development authority. The user fee is being collected from commuters at Pedda Amberpet, Bongulur, Raviryal, Tukkuguda, Pedda Golconda, Shamshabad, Rajendranagar, APPA, Kokapet, Edulanagulapally, Patancheru and Nanakramguda interchange.When tenders for toll collection on the completed portion between Pedda Amberpet and Patancheru were finalised, HMDA officials had sought permission from the Municipal Administration and Urban Development (MA&UD;) to entrust toll collection on the Patancheru-Shamirpet stretch to PK Hospitality Services Pvt Ltd as well without calling tenders separately.However, the MA&UD; department rejected their plea and asked them to call separate tenders after completion of the stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17407648", "title": "Death toll in apartment fire mishap goes up to 8", "text": "HYDERABAD: The death toll in Puppalguda fire accident has climbed to eight on Wednesday with M Anantharawamma (55), succumbing to her burn injuries. She was undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Malkajgiri. She died at 3.30 pm. The deceased was the fourth victim in P Venugopal Rao's family, who had earlier lost both his parents and his 11-day-old twin boy in the fire accident.Anantharawamma was Rao's mother-in-law. She was residing at Rao's flat in Baba Nivas to take care of her daughter during her delivery. While Anantharawamma was undergoing treatment at Osmania General Hospital till Monday evening, her family shifted her to a private hospital on Tuesday evening. Meanwhile, Lokayukta has ordered the DG (fire), Rangareddy district collector and Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC), commissioner an inquiry into the Puppulguda fire accident.In a separate incident, a part of the furniture manufacturing unit, OVSR Enterprises at Ram Reddy Nagar, near Shapurnagar Rythu Bazaar got gutted. While the fire alert came to the control room at 6.15pm, three fire tenders from Jeedimetla, Secunderabad and Sanathnagar were rushed to the spot. The fire was put out in about three hours. The extent of damage is yet to estimated, fire fighters said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17409483", "title": "Pakistani intruder shot dead, another caught by BSF", "text": "JAISALMER: A Pakistani intruder was shot dead while another was caught alive as the duo tried to enter Indian territory near a border outpost in Sriganganagar area on Wednesday, BSF sources said.Inspector general of police, BSF, PC Meena said that jawans near border outpost pillar No. 303 spotted the two intruders and challenged them. However, they continued intrusion , forcing BSF personnel to open fire. While one of them was killed on the spot, the other escaped.Later a search was conducted and BSF personnel spotted the second intruder hiding in bushes. On questioning, he identified himself as 70-year-old Basheer, a resident of Bhawalpur in Pakistan. The killed intruder could not be identified as yet. No items were recovered from any of them.The BSF later called a flag meeting with Pakistani Rangers and handed over a protest note. However , the Rangers refused to accept the body of the intruder saying they had nothing to do with him. His body was later buried in the Indian side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17409254", "title": "Girls no more safe as rape cases rise", "text": "RANCHI: Be it parks, colleges, streets or any other public places, city girls do not feel safe anymore. With rape and molestation cases becoming common everyday, not a single girl or woman here can claim that she has never been teased or hooted at while walking on road. Girls say they have to think twice before walking out on roads alone.Neetu Kumari, a student of Ranchi Women's College, said, \"Boys stand in groups at tea stalls or paan kiosks and pass comments whenever they see girls. Some comments are as simple as 'hey pretty' and 'hey sexy' but some are too obscene.\"In the past one year, a number of rape cases, including those by auto drivers and even by family members, have increased fear and distrust among the city girls. \"A minor girl was gang-raped by some auto drivers near the ITI bus stand in August. The incident came as a shock and also created fear in our hearts as auto is the most common mode of transportation and almost 70% of the college-going girls use it as public transport. In such a situation, when one hears an incident, it only increases fear,\" said Swati Aggarwal, a working woman.On the rising number of rape cases in the city, Ranchi University student Preeti Kumari said, \"Its easy to say that girls are equal to boys, but when it comes to incidents like this, girls are the only victims and are low in strength to fight for themselves, especially when there are more than one man.\"Girls claim that they do not feel safe even in open places in daylight. Shalini Singh, a student of St. Xavier's College, said, \"Once I was hanging out with friends in a park, a man came out of nowhere and caught hold of my friend's hand. When we started shouting, the guard came and he ran away.\"In many cases, girls are too scared to talk about any kind of molestation they faced. A Class IX student said, \"The road to my home is usually empty during afternoons. A few months ago, when I was returning from school, a man came on scooter and asked me for some address. While I was listening to him, he suddenly touched my private part, laughed and fled. It was really scary but I was too ashamed to tell my parents about it.\"According to the girls, malls are the safest place to hang out in the city now. \"At least, these places have cameras and guards in every corner. In case something wrong happens, one can get immediate help,\" said Vatsala Tiwari, a college student.According to data available on the Jharkhand police website, as many as 45 rape cases have been reported in the city since January to July 2012. From July till date, an average of at least 10 rape cases have been registered with police.City SP Vipul Shukla, however, claims that the city is safe. \"There are some cases at times, but it is not true that the city is unsafe. We are trying our best to make the city a safe place but even the residents will have to be conscious.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17408144", "title": "Govt rescues teacher forced to beg for living", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after TOI reported the plight of a Sanskrit teacher who was forced to beg on the streets to avoid ill-treatment by his son, the district administration manage to rescue him and shift him to an old age home.On Wednesday, TOI carried a report titled 'Son struck teacher a pauper, seeks alms', highlighting the condition of former Sanskrit teacher Dinesh Dwivedi who begged for a living as he was too frightened to go back home to his son.As a result, a team of district administration officials reached his residence and eventually located him at a bus stop near his home.\"He was given hair-cut, shave and bath and taken home. For further treatment we have sent him to an old age home,\" sub-divisional magistrate Vibhu Kaushik said.The team found that at home Dwivedi was kept in solitary confinement for days in a 10 foot by 8 foot room with no passage for sunlight. The victim, who owned the 900 square foot house, was kept locked up in the dingy room for almost three years by his son Saurabh.Police and officials of the department of social justice and empowerment found traces of smack in the bathroom of the victim's son. He admitted to have committed atrocities on his father under of influence of drugs.Dwivedi's daughter also claimed to be a victim of her brother's violent behaviour and asked officials to send himto a rehabilitation centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17408023", "title": "SBI\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s new branch to be open till 6 pm", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The State Bank of India (SBI) opened its 63rd branch in the city at Asilmetta near Sampath Vinayak temple, here on Wednesday. Inaugurating the branch, SBI general manager Gopal Krishan Kansal said that the timings of operations of the branch from 12 noon to 6 pm, Monday to Friday had been fixed keeping in mind the convenience of owners of shops and establishments as well as residents of Asilmetta and nearby areas.He urged the public to utilise the services from 4 pm to 6 pm at this branch when all the other branches would have closed their business. He added that SBI would open around 100 more branches in the state including seven in Vizag alone by this financial year end. Deputy GM Manoj Khattar said SBI already has two branches working on Sunday, which are located at MVP Colony and Kanithi Road in Gajuwaka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17407777", "title": "Pillion rider dies after BEST bus hits bike", "text": "MUMBAI: A contractor, Mahendra Mandal (52), lost his life after the motorcycle on which he was riding pillion was hit by a BEST bus in Jogeshwari (East). The bike rider, Manish More (30), sustained minor injuries in the mishap that took place on Tuesday.The bus driver, Mahendra Benale (46), was arrested on negligence charges. He was produced before a court on Wednesday and released on bail.The incident occurred at 8.05pm, when the AC bus (route no AS-524), driving at high speed near Shyam Nagar on Jogeshwari-Vikhroli Link Road, hit the bike from behind. \"The bus was heading towards Borivli from CBD Belapur. Mandal was thrown off the bike,\" said an official.Mandal was taken to Sion Hospital and died during treatment. Doctors said he had sustained grievous internal injuries. BEST sources said another biker, Bhavesh Khatri, was injured. BEST has instituted an inquiry and sources said Benale may be suspended. BEST PRO Virendra Bagul said, \"Initial probe shows the driver's negligence. He has said there was a problem with the brakes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "17407634", "title": "Ravi Gupta takes charge as IG Guntur range", "text": "GUNTUR: Senior IPS officer, Ravi Gupta formally assumed charge as Inspector General of Guntur range on Wednesday. SPs J Satyanarayana (rural) and Ake Ravikrishna (urban) and other senior officials in the district were present.The government had appointed Gupta as Guntur range IG in the recent IPS shuffle. Gupta took the reins two days ago in Hyderabad itself when the in-charge IG, KVRN Reddy visited the capital on official duty.Ravi Gupta's appointment is seen as being significant as his predecessor Harish Kumar Gupta was virtually shunted out of the range after he faced serious allegations of bribery in transfer of circle inspectors three months ago. Harish Kumar had hurriedly affected the transfer of 44 inspectors after a TOI story that several inspectors had struck deals with a top cop to get favourable postings.With the massive transfer of inspectors just hours before he left for a training creating ripples in the department, the DGP cancelled all the transfers. He asked the inspectors to go back and continue to work in the previous offices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17409927", "title": "Rath yatra for IT awareness", "text": "RAIPUR: Chhattisgarh chief minister Raman Singh on Wednesday flagged off a 'rural choice project\" rath yatra that aims to take the information technology based services to the masses.\"Information Technology is an effective tool to provide speedy services to the people,\" he said. Being introduced under the e-governance project, the rath will cover 118 villages in Raipur, Durg, Rajnadgaon, Bilaspur and Janjgir Champa districts. 460 choice centres have been opened across the state.People can get birth, domicile and income certificates. They will also provide facilities payment gateway services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17407598", "title": "I will not accept restrictions imposed by judiciary in mining: Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: Having his hands full after taking over the reins of Goa for the second time, he is under pressure to deliver the magic that people hoped he could give. Questions are being asked about the stability of his government especially since mining has come to a standstill and many people may be out of employment, but chief minister Manohar Parrikar is clear. \"Even if the Supreme Court gives the go ahead to restart mining in the state, I will not allow it to resume, until a comprehensive plan is put in place. The government is more stable than ever,\" he says cheerfully. \"It is not the job of the judiciary to run the government, it is we who run the government and we know how the state needs to be administered,\" he stresses when asked on the way forward for Goa out of the mining mess. \"Don't tell me to do the dirty job and put a restriction (on me) and if restrictions are put I am not going to accept them. I am elected and I have been sworn in as per the constitution to govern and I will govern and if I make any mistake, send me to jail. I have no problem with it,\" he says. He promises that soon, there will be enough jobs for people who have lost their livelihoods in the mining sector. \"I will not reveal the plans to you now, but soon you will come to know. Neither is the state out of finances and whatever shortage is there will be overcome through good administration,\" Parrikar tells TOI. Excerpts from the interview:TOI : With the mining sector having come to a standstill and enormous pressure on the government to resolve the issue, what will be your response to the Supreme Court in the mining case?Parrikar: These irregularities were in the past and why are you (judiciary) hammering into the past. We will find out within six months what is there, don't expect us to give a reply to (issues of the) past in two or three weeks. Past is sealed totally, don't mix the future with the past. Unlike other states there is a different government which has come into place here, which has been elected on the mandate to take action against these scoundrels. So allow this government to function, it is not the job of the judiciary to run the government and I am very clear on this. I have not made any wrong statement when I tell you it is the job of the government to run the government and not that of the judiciary. People have elected me and I am responsible to the people. No court officer will come to Curchorem tomorrow and tell people that ok, if you don't have mining (to work on) please do this business (or that)... courts have no accountability to the people. That is why governments are required and governments have been given this power. Don't tell me to do the dirty job and put a restriction (on me) and if restrictions are put I am not going to accept them. I am elected and I have been sworn in as per the constitution to govern and I will govern. If I make a mistake, send me to jail. I have no problem with it. I intend to claim my rights, there is absolutely nothing wrong in claiming my right to govern and I trust that the Supreme Court will definitely consider what I am saying.TOI: How long will it take to restart (legal) mining operations in Goa as per your estimate?Parrikar: I don't put deadlines for myself but what I will try to do is start the economic activity after making a proper assessment of the situation. I am in no hurry to start...even if the Supreme Court tells me to start, I will not start. Sorry, I am not in a hurry. I am so clear about it. I think you understand what I am saying. Let them (mining operations) remain closed...two months have been wasted just running after the Central Empowered Committee (CEC) appointed by the Supreme Court and giving them documents. Let me put everything in order, lots of people are asking me: You say in 15 days and 30 days you will do this. I said I have not seen the mines director until last night, allow me to function. CEC members come here and want this and that (information)...mines department doesn't report to me as of now. They report to the CEC. How do I take action? I am going to tell the Supreme Court that if you want to run the government and you want to appoint the mines minister then please appoint, I have no problem with it. You (court) take over the charge of mining. I am not interested then, but take charge with accountability.TOI: Has the mining issue gone out of your hands now?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "17408571", "title": "Bonhomie blurs borders", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: There was a nip in the air as guests from Pakistan gathered at Neeraj Saluja's Sarabha Nagar residence. But it was soon forgotten as the warmth of hearts and pleasant conversation enveloped the sprawling mansion. Saluja, a city-based industrialist, and his wife Ritu were playing host to friends from Pakistan. As eight couples from Lahore reached Saluja's house, they were overwhelmed by the hospitality showered on them. The bonhomie and nostalgia was palpable as conversation soon turned towards \"shared roots\" and \"similar culture\". \"Agar Hindi aur Punjabi ke signboards ko yahan ki sadkon se hata diya jaye to koi insaan nahi pehchaan sakta ke vo Bharat mein hai yaan Pakistan mein... Hamein in do deshon mein koi antar nahi dikhta kyonki yeh dono ek hi mitti ke bane hai...\". (If there are no signboards in Punjabi or Hindi on the roads of Punjab, then nobody can make out whether we're in India or Pakistan. There is no difference between the two countries as they have the same roots).\" Expressing his sentiments, Lahore's Shahzad Ali Khan added, \"People are the same, sentiments are the same, and even hospitality is the same.\" His wife Tivana smiled and said: \"Now, we only need to do away with the fenced borders. It feels like I am dining at some relative's place in Lahore.\" The couple were among the 16 Pakistani guests at the Saluja residence. For many of them, it was their first trip to India. Another businessman from Lahore, Johar Azad, said, \"The air in India is so refreshing. Though we have been on the move since morning, there is no sign of fatigue or tiredness. Rather than wasting our time resting, we want to enjoy every bit of our stay here. Believe me, it is not possible to express the overwhelming state of our minds.\" Johar's wife Amber echoed his sentiments. \"This invitation has given us a chance to make new friends. Now we have a reason to come back,\" she added. These guests from Pakistan would travel to New Delhi on Thursday morning. \"I am blown away by the hospitality... and the food is delicious. Though there are many similarities between Punjabi and Pakistani cuisine, I have asked my wife to take a few recipes from here so that we could host a similar dinner for our friends back home,\" said Asim Bakshi, another member of the delegation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17409391", "title": "Infighting in Cong over support to Panem stir", "text": "RANCHI: Infighting has once again griped the Jharkhand Pradesh Congress Committee (JPCC) and this time it is because of difference of opinion on lending support to the ongoing agitation of the Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik (JVM-P) against Panem.Panem is a joint venture mining company of the Punjab State Electricity Board (PSEB) and the EMTA Group of Companies which supplies coal to three power plants in Punjab. If the agitation does not end at the earliest, Punjab may face acute power crisis.Despite intervention of AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi , senior leaders of the party, including former and sitting JPCC chiefs, are quarrelling in public. While former deputy chief minister Stephen Marandi and former JPPC president Furkan Ansari are supporting the JVM-P agitation, sitting state Congress chief Pradeep Kumar Balmuchu has described it anti-party.\"The agitation against Panem is for the welfare of people of Santhal Pargana and we are supporting it. The JPCC chief should not oppose our stand as it will go against the party,\" said Marandi.Ansari attacked Balmuchu for his alleged \"anti-people\" stand and said the JPCC chief had vested interest. \"Everyone knows that Balmuchu has business interest with Panem and the agitation has led to financial loss to him. This is the main reason why he is opposing the stand taken by us in the name of anti-party activity,\" said Ansari.Insiders in the party said that Marandi and Ansari have the backing of former Union minister Subodh Kant Sahay who is eyeing the JPCC chief's post. \"It is good that these leaders are trying to strengthen the party by supporting the agitation but if the infighting does not end, it may prove dangerous in the run-up to next Lok Sabha and assembly elections,\" said an AICC member from Jharkhand.Meanwhile, the JVM-P agitation, led by party chief Babulal Marandi , entered the 13th day on Wednesday. The JVM-P is demanding a tripartite agreement between the state, company and the local people for implementation of welfare projects including construction of a Plus II school and a 50-bed hospital at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17409573", "title": "History-sheeter murdered over money dispute", "text": "RAJKOT: A 50-year-old history-sheeter was brutally murdered in the city on Wednesday.A resident of Sanjaynagar on Jamnagar Road Suresh Dodiya was allegedly attacked by three persons in the morning. Police said the murder was a fall out of some money dispute with the assailants. Dodiya was accused in several cases of bootlegging, thefts and other crimes. Dodiya's son Ravi alias Lalo, who was with him, was also injured in the attack.Ravi has filed a complaint with Gandhigram police station and named Mohammed alias Mangli Kasam Manek, Irfan and one unidentified person as attackers.Police said Mohammed had asked Dodiya to meet him on Jamnagar Road to settle the money dispute. Dodiya along with son Ravi and two others went to meet Mohammed. Dodiya gave him Rs 600, but there were heated arguments between them. In a fit of rage, Mohammed allegedly took out a knife and stabbed him. When Ravi intervened, he was also attacked. After the incident, Mohammed and his accomplices escaped from the spot. Dodiya was rushed to civil hospital, but he succumbed to injuries later.Police said Mohammed is also a history-sheeter and has been jailed several times. Dodiya used to regularly purchase liquor from him. After coming out from jail recently, Mohammed asked Dodiya to continue the bootlegging business. However, after Dodiya declined his offer, Mohammed asked him to repay the pending dues.Dodiya's younger son Mohit alias Gajani is behind bars on murder charges. Mohit was arrested for allegedly murdering a truck driver Raju Yadav in October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17407497", "title": "Sharmila Nicollet's Euro lessons", "text": "GURGAON: A glance through Sharmila Nicollet's Ladies European Tour list of performances will tell you that it has been a rough initiation into the big league. But that doesn't mean the engaging smile should be wiped from the 21-year-old Bangalorean's face.\"Lessons, lessons and more lessons,\" she says, laughing, after Asia proved worthy equals to the Rest of the World at the Hero Women's Indian Open skills challenge. \"There have been changes professionally and personally,\" she reflects.Being away in Europe, far from the protective gaze of her mother, she has become more responsible. \"Out on my own, I knew I had to work really hard to achieve my goals. I have certainly become a better person because of my struggles.\"Her confidence may have \"taken a beating\" with the numerous missed cuts, but she has pinpointed the weak areas. \"I was a winner in India. Suddenly I'm on the European Tour and it has been a humbling experience. To be successful on the big tours, you need a great short game and have to be extremely fit.\"So, the Coca Cola has been canned and it's grind time from 7 to 5. \"I have been practising, practising, practising. During the last two months, I have taken up yoga, and turned to a nutritionist to add more quality to my diet. I'm looking to hire a mind coach because the problems are also mental. Earlier, I did not understand the values of such outside help.\"She is quick to point out the positives. \"I haven't missed any of the fairways during the practice rounds here (at the DLF GCC),\" she says. But her thoughts always skip to putting. \"That's the difference between us and them. Their putting average is 24-25, mine is 30-31. That's why I had a stint with Phillip Kenyon (whose wards include Lee Westwood and Darren Clarke).\"Having finished in the Top-25 here last season, she has to do much better to retain her Euro card. She is 138th and only the Top-80 are assured of the elite league.\"Top-5 or maybe a win,\" she dreams. \"You have to aim for the stars otherwise you will be left holding a handful of dust.\" Plan B has been shelved, for now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17407847", "title": "Five-star scare: Woman finds glass in dessert", "text": "MUMBAI: A woman dining at a restaurant in Taj President hotel found a piece of glass in her bitter chocolate ice-cream on Tuesday night.While having dessert at Trattoria restaurant, the woman\u00e2\u20ac\u201dNGO worker Piali Syam\u00e2\u20ac\u201dbit into the glass shard thinking it was some kind of a nut. When it did not break, she pulled it out of her mouth and was stunned to see that it was a piece of glass.A Taj spokesperson later said, \"We sincerely regret this unfortunate incident. The guest was attended to immediately and the staff present apologized to her and offered her all due courtesies. We are investigating the matter. At Taj Hotels, the well-being of our guests is of paramount importance to us and we are taking this very seriously.\"The incident occurred around 11.30pm on Tuesday when Syam had gone to Trattoria with her husband and two friends. The group ordered a pizza for their meal. After that, they called for bitter chocolate ice-cream for dessert.\"Midway through the ice-cream, I suddenly felt something hard in my mouth. I bit into it thinking it was a nut, but it didn't break. So I bit it again before pulling it out of my mouth. I was shocked to see that the object I was holding in my hand was actually a piece of glass. My husband and friends almost did not want to believe what I was holding,\" said Syam.The woman said a waiter then called the chef, who apologized for the incident. \"It could have caused some injury had I swallowed it unknowingly. It was not expected at all,\" said Syam, who then insisted on speaking to the general manager of the hotel. However, she was told that the GM was not available at that moment.Syam, too, told TOI that the GM and the chef of the restaurant called her on Wednesday and apologized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17407537", "title": "Lalit Modi extradition: British govt lukewarm", "text": "LONDON: The British government appears to have failed to respond to India's request to extradite the former commissioner of the Indian Premier League ( IPL) Lalit Modi to India, where he is wanted for questioning by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) of the Union finance ministry for 14 alleged contraventions of the 1999 Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA).A statement issued to TOI by the Indian high commission in the United Kingdom said: \"Modi's presence is required in India by the agency concerned. His refusal to comply is also a violation of the Indian Penal Code.\" The spokesperson added: \"Modi is residing in the UK without valid documents and therefore his stay in this country is not legal.\" All this and more was conveyed to the British foreign office earlier this month, but this does not seem to have elicited any action.The high commission communicated to the foreign office that Modi's passport had been revoked and that even his appeal against this confiscation \"has been disallowed\". The Indian mission also brought to Whitehall's notice the various charges against him and the fact that he is wanted in India for interrogation by the enforcement directorate.A spokesman for the British home office said: \"We don't comment on individual cases on extradition matters until a person has been arrested.\" Clearly, Modi has not been detained; and therefore, London is yet to act on New Delhi's request. India also refuted claims made by Modi in a recent statement issued by him through a PR agent. \"I remain a legal resident in England,\" he had maintained. The Indian high commission has now categorically stated his residence in the UK \"is not legal\".Both the home office and the foreign office were asked by TOI if Modi had been granted British nationality under a new rule introduced by the present Conservative and Liberal Democrat coalition government, which automatically permits this if a person deposits \u00c2\u00a310 million in the UK. There was no comment from either.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17407936", "title": "Leopard found dead in Pench National Park", "text": "BHOPAL: A leopard aged about two-and-half-years was found dead in Karmajhiri range of Pench National Park in Seoni district on Tuesday. Forest officials said the death was probably the result of the tiger attack.Park's field director Alok Kumar pointed out that the post-mortem reports revealed the cause of the leopard's death. There were pounce marks on the carcass and injuries on its back and abdomen, he said. There were signs of fight in the vicinity of the carcass, when it was spotted by the patrolling squad.Autopsy revealed that the leopard was aged around two-and-half years and was a female. Vital organs were preserved to be sent to the Wildlife Institute of India ( WII ) for further analysis.The officer ruled out possibility of a failed poaching attempt in this case.\"We have around 55 tigers. This leopard must have been attacked by one of them,\" Kumar said.Such things are though not common as leopards are swift than tigers. Usually a tiger finds it difficult to catch a leopard as it climbs trees and escape. But once it gets hold of a leopard, the tiger kills it. Similar killings have been spotted in Kanha national park also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17411320", "title": "Aamir doesn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t interfere, he participates: Reema Kagti", "text": "Flying from city to city to promote 'Talaash' is taking its toll on director Reema Kagti's nerves. Suffering from a serious problem of aviophobia Reema is going through the worst ordeal of her life. Reliving her city to city ordeal Reema says, \"It's hell. This whole promotional spree is new to me. When I released 'Honeymoon Travels Pvt Ltd' five years ago marketing was not such a big deal. In any case the film had an ensemble cast of talented actors who didn't really need promotion. But 'Talaash' has three huge stars in the cast. You cannot not promote the film when you have such commercially large names in the cast. So here I am traveling when I am petrified of flying. Every time I sit on the plane I think this would be my last journey. Every time we land I run out and kiss the tarmac.\"For Reema the anticipation for her film's release is exceeded by the terror of travel that precedes the release. \"I am yet to begin getting nervous about how the film would be received. I've done what I had to. It's been a long gap between my first and second film. In-between I wasn't sitting idle. I co-wrote Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara and also assisted Zoya on Luck By Chance . As far as direction goes, I had to take an enforced sabbatical after directing my first film.\"The real reason for the delay in starting Reema's second film was Aamir Khan . Says Reema, \"I wrote Talaash and wanted to pitch it to Aamir. But at that time Aamir said he wasn't even listening to any scripts. So I set that script aside and got down to writing another script. But then I don't know why Aamir changed his mind and agreed to hear my script. He heard Talaash and he was on. I waited four years after my first film. But it was worth it.\"Reema pooh-poohs Aamir's reputation of interference, and the problems the other two female filmmakers Deepa Mehta and Anusha Rizvi had while working with him. \"I don't know about his experiences with others. With me the suggestions were always made in the spirit of participation and I welcomed them. Besides, he was also the co-producer on this project. So his participation was doubly valid. He has this awesome reputation as a man who delivers successful cinema. I don't want to let him down. Not once did Aamir, Rani or Kareena make me feel as though they were big stars. They are cool chilled-out people.\"Reema says she has never felt disadvantaged as a woman filmmaker, nor has she ever seen herself as a gender-driven filmmaker. \"Let's face it. We live in a patriarchal society. You will see men predominant in every field. But that's slowly changing in all walks of life , even in cinema. Here we have Farah Khan, Zoya Akhtar and I . We don't make women-centric films the way female directors used to in the 1980s and 90s.\"To a large extent Reema agrees her journey as a female filmmaker has been easy because of the people she is associated with. \" Farhan Akhtar , Ritesh Sidhwani , Zoya Akhtar and their company Excel are like family to me. It's not about a contract but relationships. I was 22 when I came from my home in Assam to Mumbai. It was relatively easy for me because I found the right support system. Would I leave Excel to explore other avenues of filmmaking? Why would I give up a great relationship just for a change?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17409588", "title": "West Bengal boys to meet Chandigarh in National U-14 football final", "text": "MUMBAI: West Bengal will clash with Chandigarh in the final of the boys' category National Under-14 football tournament to be played in the city on Thursday.In the girls' category, Manipur face challengers Haryana for the title which will be played at the MSSA ground, Azad Maidan. Manipur blanked Goa 5-0 in a one-sided semifinal with Ratan Bala scoring a hat-trick. In the other semifinal, hosts Maharashtra went down 1-3 to Haryana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17409079", "title": "Chilika watch to check poaching", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Wildlife officials have pulled up their socks to prevent poaching in the Chilika because migratory birds have already arrived in the lake. Patrolling was intensified in and around the lake from Wednesday. The step was urgently required because people will celebrate Chadakhai on Thursday. On this day, the demand for meat, chicken, egg and fish would sky-rocket providing ample scope to poachers to rake in the moolah.Over 50 personnel, including forest staff, policemen and volunteers, have been engaged to guard the lake besides 13 boats will patrol inside the lake. \"Round-the-clock patrolling has been intensified in the lake for the next two days to prevent poaching. On Wednesday, patrolling was carried out on the 16-km-long coastline of the lake,\" said DFO (Chilika wildlife) B P Acharya.On Tuesday, wildlife officials had arrested a bird poacher and seized a dead heron from him from Sundarapur within Tangi wildlife range. The accused was identified as Sujit Sarkar of the same village. \"We arrested him while he trapping birds inside the lake,\" said ranger (Tangi) S C Behera. This was the second incident of bird poaching in the lake. On November 11, wildlife officials had arrested a poacher and seized 10 dead migratory birds from him near Abhimanyupur.Over three lakh migratory birds of different species have already arrived in the Chilika with most congregating at the 16.59 sq km Nalabana island, a bird sanctuary inside the lake. They have also been sighted at Bhusandpur, Sorana, Rambha and Kalupadaghat areas.The winged guests mostly come from beyond the Himalayas in Northern Eurasia, Caspian region, Siberia , Lake Baikal and the remote areas of Russia and neighboring countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17409663", "title": "Action on Turkamatti land after assembly session", "text": "BELGAUM: The district administration will take further action on the government order on taking possession of the 722 acres and 32 guntas of land at Turkamatti after the conclusion of the legislature session scheduled to be held from December 5 to 13 in Belgaum.Speaking to the TOI, deputy commissioner Anbukumar said: \"As the entire administration is busy with preparations for the legislature session, the issue will be handled after session.\"The government recently instructed the deputy commissioner to take action under Sections 39 and 94 of the Karnataka Land Revenue Act, to evict unauthorized occupants on Turkamatti land. The Army has been claiming proprietorship over the land as it has been in its possession since 1873.The government had constituted a committee comprising principal secretaries of revenue, law and human rights departments and the DC to resolve the issue. According to the committee report, the land is in the name of the state government as 'Sarkari Khuran' till date since 1973. Hence, the Army has no rights over the land as per the RTC.Meanwhile, Anbukumar said farmers, whose lands were notified for Army's field firing range, are now free to use their lands. With the government having withdrawn the lease order, the army cannot intervene in the use of these lands. Any case of intervention would be treated as trespass, the DC said.Army personnel have been restricted from carrying riffles in the area, the DC said and added that if the Army wants land for firing activities, it should apply to the government.The government recently withdrew its May 2000 order on extending the lease on 7,469 acres for the next 20 years, saying the order had been issued without following the mandatory provisions of law.Anbukumar said the state government had rectified its mistake by withdrawing the past order. Decisions on compensating farmers, whose lands were being used by the Army for years, and constituting a Land Audit Committee to ascertain the exact requirement of land for Army's field firing range would also be taken up after the session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17406966", "title": "Mickky accuses Betalbatim boy with 'grudge' of assault", "text": "MARGAO: Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco on Wednesday sustained a fracture on one of his fingers after he was allegedly assaulted by a 23-year-old Betalbatim resident, Benny Fernandes, after Pacheco questioned him about overtaking his car and blocking his way.Pacheco, in his complaint with the Colva police, said that he was proceeding towards Colva on Wednesday afternoon when, Fernandes, who was riding a motorcycle, overtook his car from behind and blocked his way at Seraulim. When Pacheco questioned him, Fernandes allegedly hit Pacheco on his hand.Acting on the complaint, the Colva police took Pacheco and Fernandes to Hospicio hospital for a medical examination, where it was detected that Pacheco had a fractured finger. While Pacheco was allowed to go home after medical treatment, Fernandes was admitted after he complained of giddiness.Speaking to mediapersons, Fernandes alleged that enraged over being overtaken by him on the road, Pacheco hit him. No police complaint was lodged by Fernandes against Pacheco till late evening.Pacheco, speaking to TOI, said: \"Right from Mungul, this guy tried to block my way by riding his bike in a zigzag manner. At Seraulim, he overtook my car and after stopping his bike right in front, began abusing me. When I questioned him, he came menacingly towards me and hit me on the hand.\"Colva police have booked an offence against Fernandes under Sections 341 (wrongful restraint), 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of the peace), 325 (causing grievous hurt) of the IPC and further investigations are under way.Pacheco, speaking to TOI, said that he was unable to understand his assailant's behavior but felt that the accused \"vented out his frustration\" by assaulting him. \"He has been nursing a grudge against me after four members of his family contested against my candidates in the last panchayat elections and got defeated. Besides, his mother, who has been running a shack, failed to get one this time. He must have hit me out of frustration,\" Pacheco said.The latest case has revived the memory of the incident in 2002 when Pacheco had allegedly assaulted a KTC driver for overtaking his vehicle.Pacheco's appeal against his conviction by two lower courts for assaulting a junior engineer with the electricity department in 2006 is pending in the district court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17410659", "title": "Govt to set up motels along state highways", "text": "KOLKATA: People who frequently travel along state highways and complain of the lack of rest houses, may now heave a sigh of relief. The state Public Works department (PWD) will soon give shape to the housing department's pilot project of setting up six motels along state highways. Titled 'Pantha Nivas', the motels will come up on the sides of Digha Road, Basanti highway and Kalyani highway is all set to start off a housing department's pilot project to set up six motels - to be named as 'Pantha Nivas' - on the sides of the state highways.\"Tenders have already been floated. As a beginning, six such motels will be set up on the sides of the state highways. It will take about 5 to 10 cottah of land for setting up each motel and there will be a gap of at least 30 kilometers between two motels. The cost of constructing each motel will be approximately Rs 40 lakh,\" said a senior government official. The motels will be set up on the sides of Digha Road, Basanti highway and Kalyani highway.Based on the feasibility of the motels and their demand, more such motels may come up later. The authorities will see the feasibility of the motels as to how they are functioning if it is found to be demanding then more such motels will be set up.\"The plan is to set up 40 motels in all, but it depends on the feasibility,\" said a PWD official.According to plan, each of the motels will have two to three rooms and a common space. \"Self-help groups could be engaged to operate and maintain the motels. These details along with the rent for a day will be chalked out after the motels are constructed,\" he added.The 'Pantha Nivas' has been very successful in Odisha where many such motels have come up. \"Often, travelers who are moving along the highway stretches, require food or some restroom after long journeys. Motels are very useful for this purpose,\" said officials.Officials said that the Pantha Nivas concept have been quite popular and successful in Odisha many such motels have come up. \"Often, travelers who are moving along the highway stretches require food or some restroom after long journeys. The motels are very useful for this as travelers, particularly if they include elderly people could take some useful rest and food before taking off again,\" officials said.Land acquisition problems have prevented the government from cashing in on the sides of national highways. The 4-lane work of NH-34 has already hit a roadblock owing to the same reason. In order to sort out the issue, a state-level coordination committee meeting chaired by the chief secretary, will be held on December 5.The sides of any of the national highways, particularly the NH 34 that stretches from Kolkata to Dalkhola in North Bengal could have been very profitable but there are land acquisition related problems. Already, the much required 4-laning work of NH-34 is stuck in some parts due to land acquisition trouble. The state government is going to hold a state level coordination committee (SLCC) meeting on December 5 that will be chaired by the chief secretary and will be attended by officials of several departments like PWD, land and forest, including the district magistrates of five districts through which the NH stretch has gone through to discuss on the present status of the stalemate condition and to sort out the matter. There are some spots in North 24 Parganas and a few towards North Bengal where widening work could not be started due to land disputes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17407396", "title": "Nims, Bibinagar put in cold storage", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three years after it was built with the hope of providing quality healthcare to thousands of people, the ambitious Nizam's Institute of Medical Sciences (Nims) Bibinagar University is still in the \"cold storage\" and officials say they are not sure whether the institute will ever throw open its doors.At least Rs 75 crore has been spent on the unused building and to make matters worse, robbers stuck late on Tuesday night, and made away with furniture worth Rs 2-3 lakh. Authorities at Nims, located 45 km from its Punjagutta campus, set up an inquiry committee, but senior officials say no one in the government seems to be interested in starting the hospital anymore.The hospital, which needs another Rs 60 crore to begin, was supposed to cater to patients from Nalgonda, Mahbubnagar, Medak and Warangal. \"Rs 60 crore is not a huge amount for the government. But nobody is taking interest in the project that will benefit thousands of people in the area. Nalgonda and neighbouring districts are starved of well-equipped facilities and this hospital would have been a boon to the people,\" said a senior official on condition of anonymity.Just about eight months ago, in March 2012, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy had directed officials to ensure that the 150-bed Nims-Rangapur campus, near Bibinagar in Nalgonda district, was ready within six months. It was late CM Y S Rajasekhara Reddy, who had inaugurated this facility a few months before the 2009 elections and promised that the out-patient services would start there immediately and the in-patient services two months later.Meanwhile, B Umesh, Nims security officer, who noticed the robbery during an inspection, said that the items that went missing were bought for the guest house at the hospital. \"Fridge, almirah, beds, sofa sets, AC sets, geysers, and kitchen crockery went missing. Tiles and doors that were unused were also stolen. Nothing is left,\" said Umesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "17409928", "title": "Yellow disease-hit areca growers to get BPL cards", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: Areca growers, who have lost most of their holdings due to the yellow disease, will be considered as Below Poverty Line (BPL) families and will be issued BPL cards.Disclosing this at a public function in Narway in Narasipura village panchayat limits, food and civil supplies minister D N Jeevaraj said families that have less than 4.28 acres of areca garden and which have been destroyed by the yellow leaf disease will be considered.In Sringeri assembly constituency, 8,400 temporary ration cards had been converted to permanent ration cards and 577 more permanent cards were distributed on the occasion. The minister also said the government had altered the parameters required to obtain BPL cards in the state and all the Anganawadi workers and helpers, auto drivers, petty shop owners will be eligible for BPL cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17409457", "title": "Astrologer held in emu farm scam", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 55-year-old astrologer was arrested on Wednesday by the sleuths of Economic Offences Wing (EOW), Coimbatore, for receiving huge amounts of money from managing director of Queen Emu Farms P Mayilsamy. The astrologer invested the money on land at Kolathur and Perundurai.The astrologer was identified as C Gurusamy. On Monday, Queen Emu Farms managing director Mayilsamy was taken into police custody and grilled to ascertain where he invested his money. Mayilsamy confessed that since he had faith in astrology he had given more than Rs 1 crore to Gurusamy who invested the amount in land.A team of EOW police rushed to Kolathur and took Gurusamy into custody. \"Mayilsamy had collected huge amounts of money from the public. He had given Rs 1 crore to the astrologer who invested it in land,\" said a senior police official.After the investigation, Gurusamy was produced before the Tamil Nadu Protection of Interests of Deposits (TNPID) court on Wednesday and was remanded to judicial custody for 15 days. The sleuths have planned to identify the land. The said properties will eventually be attached. Police sources said Mayilsamy was closely associated with Gurusamy and together they had hatched the conspiracy to cheat the public through the setup of Queen Emu Farms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17409002", "title": "Committees are all talk, no action", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When the anti-smoking law was enforced on October 1, 2008 the state government claimed it was serious about implementing the provisions of the Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products Act (COPTA). It had announced three-tier committees at both state and district levels to curb smoking in public places. But till date, these committees have barely managed to do their bit.The state-level committee is headed by the commissioner of health and medical education as president, district-level committees are headed by the collector and police commissioner wherever there is a police commissionerate. While the nodal officer of Gujarat Tobacco Control Programme is the secretary of state committee, one member is from Gujarat police, and is appointed by the state director general of police (DGP).The committee also sees a representation from an NGO, appointed by the commissioner of food and civil supplies.As far as district-level committees are concerned, the superintendent of police or a deputy commissioner of police, a district public relations officer, a food and drug inspector and a representative from an NGO are members of district committees.A notification of the state government claims that a fine of Rs 200 will be slapped on those caught smoking in public areas and that it would be the responsibility of restaurants owners or office managers to take action. The notification further reads that, if the concerned officer fails to take action and a complaint is made to the committee, the owner would also be fined Rs 200.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17407716", "title": "Man held for murdering brother-in-law", "text": "NAGPUR: Jalalkheda police on Tuesday arrested a 25-year-old man for his alleged role in the murder of his brother-in-law Deepak Charpe (24) over the victim's love marriage with his sister.Nilesh Kanhere has been put behind the bars after his younger sister Geeta approached the cops.It's learnt that Geeta had married Deepak against the wishes of her family members who did not approve of her love with the deceased. Despite the opposition, Geeta and Deepak tied the knot in August. The marriage enraged Geeta's family members.On the day of incident, it has been learnt that Geeta's younger brother Nilesh came to Jalalkheda where he had a heated exchange with Deepak. During a scuffle, Nilesh throttled Deepak who died at the spot. Police has charged Nilesh with murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17407808", "title": "Agencies can't prevent court from perusing records: Bombay HC", "text": "NAGPUR: In a blow to Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), the Bombay High court's Aurangabad bench has rejected its two applications challenging the Jalgaon Session Court verdict that had asked the premier investigating agency to furnish investigation records pertaining to a case. \"If the trial court wants to go through the record to ascertain the truth, the investigating agency can't prevent it from going through those by giving reason that they have not produced such record along with the charge-sheet,\" Justice TV Nalawade ruled.The judge added that if the investigating agency or the prosecution is allowed to take such defence, the very purpose behind Section 172 (2), 311 and 319 of CrPC will be defeated. \"The trial court has power to call case diaries of all investigating agencies which had done some investigation in the case. If the material collected during investigation appears relevant to the court, it can have recourse to the provisions of these CrPC sections,\" Justice Nalawade added.The Jalgaon-based widow of late AG Patil, ex-president of Jalgaon District Congress Committee, had filed applications in the trial court praying for a number of issues. While the other prayers were denied, two were accepted. One of them dealt with producing call records and conversation details of the accused who allegedly murdered her husband. Rajni Patil, also a teacher further contended that the four accused were not alone in the killing but it was a plan hatched by three of his political rivals. To pin them, it is pertinent that the call records and SIM details are to be examined. In her second application she demanded that she should be allowed to appear as witness as she claimed to have some secret information regarding the enmity between her husband and his rivals.The additional sessions judge at Jalgaon allowed Rajni's application by observing that such record needs to be placed before the court as there is the charge of criminal conspiracy behind the murder that may be relevant under the Evidence Act. He also allowed her second application stating that she had a grievance that the prosecution was not examining her with some ulterior motive, therefore her evidence can be taken on record by using Section 311 of CrPC.CBI strongly opposed both her applications while challenging the Jalgaon court judgment in the high court. It contended that prosecution cannot be compelled to examine a particular witness by the court and it is their choice to decide as to which and how many witnesses need to be examined in a case. It argued that if the widow deposes, then it might affect the investigation adversely and will derail the case.The high court went through a number of case laws presented and held that the sessions court had given satisfactory reasons for the same. The judge stated that it is the duty of the court to ascertain that nothing relevant is withheld from it and hence can ask for the necessary records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17408228", "title": "Is child protection panel a toothless body?", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan Commission for Protection of Child Rights (RCPCR) has claimed to have received nearly 700 complaints since the commission was formed seven months ago to monitor the implementation of Right to Education Act, 2009 and other issues in the state.Most of the complaints were on corporal punishments which had claimed the life of one Piya Chaudhary recently. She was thrashed by her teacher followed by multiple problems leading to her death. Others include school admissions under Right to Education Act, lack of facilities for disabled students, abandoned children and child abuse among others.Most of these complaints failed to meet its logical end as the commission has on judicial or executive powers, thereby making it a toothless body. The commission acts a carrier and directs the complaints to concerned department and awaits their response.The RCPCR is still struggling to nail down the accused teacher on Piya Chaudhary case in the absence of any state law which describes corporal punishment.\"Most of our complaints go to education department who hardly pays any attention even after our repeated reminders. The department had solved only few complaints due to our regular perusal,\" said a member of commission.Deepak Kalra, chairman of the commission, agreed that they lack powers required for effective monitoring. \"The commission doesn't require judicial powers as our primary job is to educate people on child issues,\" said Kalra adding that they coordinate with several departments at a time and it is difficult considering the amount of work to pursue every case till the end.The limited powers of commission include receiving complaints of child rights violations, taking suo motu cognizance of violations, conducting investigations and forwarding the matter to the concerned executive or judicial authorities. The SCPCR also carries academic surveys concerning child rights and making policy recommendations or even suggestions to the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17409964", "title": "Finally, govt acts to get property records straight", "text": "MYSORE: Learning from the Chamundi Hills land row, the state government has now started the process of issuing katha certificates to prime public properties including the Mysore Zoo and Karanji Lake. This follows a report by Mysore regional commissioner M V Jayanthi to the revenue department seeking its intervention to conserve the prime properties.On August 27, the regional commissioner had submitted a 13-page report to the principal secretary (revenue) seeking government's intervention. Referring to Kurbarhalli survey no 4, Chowdahalli survey no 39 and Alanahalli survey no 41, which house government buildings and also have open spaces that are in the possession of the horticulture and forest departments, she said they should be conserved as government properties on priority. The revenue department, which on Saturday withheld the controversial June 20 order by the Mysore deputy commissioner, is moving in to get the records straight. The revenue department is in the process of directing the departments/agencies, which own properties in these three survey numbers to get katha certificates after producing relevant documents, a revenue department official told TOI.Though the land is in possession of the departments and agencies, there are discrepancies and the move is aimed at addressing it in order to protect them, he said. The officials will be directed to produce documents and make an application to the Mysore tahasildar seeking the katha certificate.After the Chamundi Hills land row snowballed into a controversy, district in-charge minister S A Ramdas on August 21 studied the documents and had found out that some prime properties including the Lalitha Mahal Palace and the Zoo had no katha certificates. The Karanji Lake too, he said, though is in the possession of Mysore Zoo, there are no documents related to it.EC yet to approve Vastrad's transfer!The Election Commission is yet to approve the transfer of Mysore deputy commissioner P S Vastrad to Chamarajnagar. It is likely to take a decision by the weekend. The government, which has transferred Vastrad, has sought the EC's approval as the electoral rolls revision is on.There is a directive from the EC that officials directly connected to election-related works should not be disturbed. BJP MLC G Madhusudana, who met CEO C S Suranjan on Wednesday, said the EC has not yet approved the transfer. He said he met chief minister Jagadish Shettar and chief secretary S V Ranganath and discussed the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17409996", "title": "Rs 20 lakh stolen from shop", "text": "MYSORE: Miscreants, who gained entry into a computer shop on K T Street on Wednesday, decamped with Rs 20 lakh.The burglary occurred at \"Computer Shopee\", a distributor of computer hardware and peripherals owned by S Dilip Kumar. The incident came to light in the morning when the building owner staying in the first floor of the complex noticed the partially opened shutter at 7 am. Alerted by him, Dilip Kumar rushed to the shop.The rolling shutter is suspected to have opened with a duplicate key. Though the shop has a CCTV, it was disconnected. The thieves broke open the cash box and made away with Rs 20 lakh. However, around Rs 52,000 kept in the shop remained untouched. Lashkar police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17407813", "title": "Pali Hill building put on block for Rs 800 crore", "text": "MUMBAI: The controversial Sandhu Palace on Pali Hill, Bandra, touted as the most expensive residential building in the suburbs, is up for sale.Last month, its developer, Sandhu Builders, put the entire building on the block for $147 million, or around Rs 800 crore. But when vigilant residents of the adjoining Chetak Cooperative Housing Society (Manju Mahal) saw the advertisement on an international real estate website, they quickly moved a contempt of court petition against the builder.The society had dragged the builder to court for various violations some months ago. The Bombay high court subsequently ordered a status quo. Sandhu Palace, comprising two 19-storey towers, is the tallest structure on Pali Hill and was among the first buildings to benefit from height regulation relaxations during the tenure of Praful Patel as civil aviation minister.The developer has been quoting more than Rs 60,000 a sq ft, making it the most expensive property in the suburbs. Several large flats were sold to NRIs at more than Rs 35 crore each.The builder said he had spent in excess of Rs 148 crore on the project and sold 19 apartments out of a total of 48. Last week, the Chetak society filed an additional affidavit in the high court after Sandhu's advertisement came to light. It said the builder published the ad on the internet around October 27 and made efforts to dispose of the property, which had been \"constructed by violating rules, regulations and applicable laws by making misrepresentations before the concerned authorities\".The society said the builder was trying to create third-party rights by selling off the property despite the ongoing court case. The builder, Kanvarjeet Singh Sandhu, hit back, stating that he paid the society Rs 8.10 crore as part of the agreement, but it was sill trying to \"coerce and compel\" the developer to arrive at a further financial settlement.\"The petition has been filed with ulterior dishonest and malafide intent to extort Rs 100 crore from the respondents. Thus, the petition is a gross abuse of process in this court,\" said Sandhu.Chetak's petition said Sandhu and the BMC colluded to illegally increase the building's floor space index (FSI). The society had allowed the developer to acquire development rights for three of its four plots. However, the builder allegedly usurped the rights of the fourth plot, which was not part of the agreement. This plot measured 1,775 sq m and also included another 725 sq m reserved for a road setback (future expansion).The municipality's commissioner, deputy commissioner, executive engineer and deputy engineer (building proposal department, Bandra) have been made respondents, along with the developer, in the petition.In 2007, Sandhu paid each of the more than 100 members of Chetak Rs 5-15 lakh for giving power-of-attorney to the builder to utilize about three acres of its land. The agreement mentioned three plots, but the society alleged that the builder \"illegally\" included the fourth plot as well and got them sanctioned by the BMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17408475", "title": "Mouthwatering cuisines add flavour to Lucknow Mahotsav", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lucknow Mahotsav is tickling the taste buds of foodies. From Amritsari aloo kulcha to pakori made of cauliflower, the visitors are savouring the varied Indian cuisines and dishes. But the main attraction in the food section at Mahotsav is the 'Dhaba Junction' which offers the traditional cuisines in desi style.As the name suggests, Dhaba Junction, which is part of Krishi Mela pavilion, has been set up in dhaba style: decorated with bamboo sticks, mats and cots and the restaurant floor cleaned with cow dung. Nadeem, owner of the Dhaba Junction, said, \"We wanted to introduce something new at the Mahotsav and so we created an ambience of desi style. The food served here has the feel of home kitchen.\"The dhaba, which is serving both vegetarian and non-vegetarian food, is getting popular because it is economical as well as delicious. For veggies, Rs 50 thali and makke ki roti and sarso ka saag are most popular. For non-vegetarian food, the dhaba has a separate kitchen.While the stalls from Rajasthan are making a fair attempt to introduce its less familiar cuisine like cauliflower pakori and bikenari rasgulla, other Rajasthani dishes luring the visitors are Rajasthani thali, kachori dal baati churma, gatte ka saag, laddu, bajre ki roti, missi roti and kesari jalebi. The outlet from Amritsar have introduced its famous cuisine. On the menu is aloo kulcha, lachha paratha, dal makhani, kadhi-chawal, makke ki roti and sarson ka saag.Renu Taneja, a teacher who along with her family, was savouring Punjabi food said, \"For two years, we were in Amritsar. But after coming to Lucknow, we really missed the Punjabi food. After eating the food here, we were reminded of the food we savoured in Amritsar.\"Also available is the famous Nankathai from Meerut. Besides, the stalls selling momo and pizza are also recording high footfalls. But the non-vegetarians are going crazy after the mouthwatering biryani, kababs, tikkas and fish fry. The special 'Chandni Chowk ki chaat' too is popular along with bhalla papdi and moong chilla. People are also demanding kesariya doodh and varied flavours of paan at the food stalls.Trolley bags for easy shopping:It's a festive time for shoppers at Lucknow Mahotsav. Saving themselves from the burden of carrying many shopping bags, some shoppers are bringing trolley bags from home. \"We come to Mahotsav for shopping and it becomes tedious to carry many bags. For my convenience, I decided to bring the trolley bag,\" said Himani Kashiker, a teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17408839", "title": "Image makeover for 80 PCR vans", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It has the vibrant red-and-blue colour combination on its exteriors and 'Police' written in silver paint that reflects light during night time. With modified interiors, it is the new Police Control Room (PCR) van of city police that will see induction in a month's time.Talking about the vehicles, Sanjay Shrivastav, joint commissioner of police (headquarters), told TOI that the 80 vans will change the equation of street patrolling in the city. \"When the project was launched initially, a PCR van had to look after two police station areas.With this induction, every police station will get two of the vehicles. It will greatly enhance the response time for the team to reach on the spot,\" he said. He added that allThe vans will soon be equipped with global positioning system (GPS) so that they can be tracked from the control room.A team of senior city police officials collaborated with the city-based National Institute of Design (NID) to create a new look for the city police. The institute not only came up with a slogan -Sure and quick, whenever, wherever - but also suggested the design changes for PCR vans, the first respondents on any crime scene.Talking about the brief, Ajay Tomar, joint commissioner of police, Sector I, who was part of the police committee, said that they wanted a look that is distinct, easily recognizable and can be seen from a distance. The personnel on the van have an important role to play and thus a specialized training will be given to them along with standard operating procedure (SOP). We want the response time to be five minutes for any call to the control room after the van's launch,\" he said. He added that every such van will have police tape (Do not cross the line), plastic cones and torch lights to manage the crime scene before other police teams reach on the spot.Rupesh Vyas, faculty, NID, said that the design of the van will help city police create an identity and build a positive public perception. The team wanted to present the police department as dependable and accessible.Sources said that the vans have been delivered to the city police for some time but due to the code of conduct in place, the vans will not be launched officially before the elections are over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17402148", "title": "Directing a film not easy: Rajat Kapoor", "text": "Rajat Kapoor believes it takes a lot of conviction and convincing power to become a successful director.\"It is a difficult task to make a film. It is certainly not an easy job because you have to not only believe in yourself, but convince a hundred other people to believe in you. First get a producer, then cameraman, production designer, star cast... you have to convince everyone and get them to your world,\" Rajat told IANS.He is known for helming small budget entertainers like Mithya, Mixed Doubles and Fatso! . But he says while moviemaking is about joint efforts of a lot of people, a director has to string them all together.\"You make a film in collaboration (with lots of people). Unless they don't believe in your vision, you can't make a film. That is one of the reasons why a director's job is difficult. Many of them don't make a film, maybe because they don't believe in themselves,\" said Rajat.He will next be seen in Sharat Katariya's unusually titled 10 ml Love , and says as an actor, he completely gave himself into the demands of his director.Katariya started out as an assistant director to Rajat during the making of Raghu Romeo .\"When I act, I don't think about anything else. As an actor, I submit myself to the director because at that point, I am not making a film. I am just a part of it. The problem arises when an actor thinks that he is bigger than the film,\" said Rajat, who is overwhelmed how his protege Katariya has directing him for the big screen in 10 ml Love .10 ml Love , which also features Tisca Chopra, is slated to release Dec 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bangalore/mumbai", "code": "17410000", "title": "Xander group, Temasek Holding\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s realty arm eye Shapoorji Pallonji\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s IT park", "text": "BANGALORE/MUMBAI: Global investment house Xander Group and Mapletree, the real estate unit of Temasek Holdings , are in the fray to acquire Indian construction major Shapoorji Pallonji's business park SP Infocity, in Chennai, valued at Rs 450 crore. The Information Technology (IT) park is 27-lakh-sqft development, and the deal on the table comprises of 8-lakh sq ft of tenanted office space leased to clients like HSBC , Amazon, Saksoft , Hapag Lloyd, Lister Technologies, and Neeyamo.It may include right of first refusal to buy rest of the development, possibly at a pre-determined price. Global real estate consultant CBRE is said to be the advisor to the deal. SP Infocity is located on Chennai's IT corridor and is 2 km away from the city's first IT landmark, Tidel Park.This is the latest in the real estate sale series by the Shapoorji Pallonji Group. Some time ago, it sold Shapoorji Pallonji Biotech Park in Andhra Pradesh to Calfornia-based Alexandria Real Estate Equities. A Xander spokesperson said the company does not comment on market speculation. CBRE officials too declined to comment citing confidentiality norms.Private equity groups like Blackstone, Baring and GIC of Singapore have stepped up its interest in India's office buildings, especially assets in the outsourcing hubs of southern India, as a stable route to participate in the domestic real estate play.Mapletree, which owns about S$20 billion of real estate assets, has been betting big on India. Some months ago, it acquired a technology park in Bangalore for Rs 800 crore. The $2-billion Xander that has Lord Jacob Rothschild, Harvard professor Arthur Segel and Sid Yog as its founding partners, is also extremely bullish on the Indian real estate market.TOI, in April, had reported Xander's interest in buying a 1.2 million-sq ft retail cum hotel space in Chennai from south-based developer Ozone Group for Rs 350 crore. Xander also bought Futura , a grade-A business park, located in OMR from Appaswamy Real Estates Limited for US $40 million. The most recent investment in the Indian real estate market by Xander was in September, when it picked up a 49% stake in the retail component of Mantri Developers' integrated township, Mantri Serenity, in Bangalore, for Rs 150 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17409433", "title": "Another chicken farm charged with fraud in Tirupur", "text": "COIMBATORE: The sleuths of Economics Offences Wing (EOW), Coimbatore have registered a case against a country chicken farm and its managing directors on Tuesday for cheating several people mainly farmers in Tirupur district.Police said A Naatturaja, 40, a farmer from Gandhi Nagar at Udumalpet in Tirupur district invested Rs1.50lakh in Amman and Angalamman agro farms in Tirupur in July 2012. The farm promised him monthly returns of Rs10,000 as incentive in addition to an annual bonus of Rs 20,000. In exchange, the farm gave him 400 chicks which he had to nurture and grow. In the first month, Naatturaju received an incentive of Rs 10,000. Later, he invested an additional Rs3lakh in the farm.However, the farm's branch in Udumalpet closed down in September. Immediately Naatturaja set out for Mudalipalayam in Tirupur to meet the farm's managing directors Mathiyazhagan and Lakshmi. But the office staff prevented them from meeting with them. They also told him never to come to the office again. They assured him however that his money would be returned when the owners sold some of their land.But the office staff did not allow him to meet the managing directors of the firm and advised him that he should not come to the office again. The staff told him that the owners had own land and they will settle the amount after selling it.\"I pledged my wife's gold jewels and invested in the country chicken farm. I was not aware about their cheating ways. I could not make much money as a farmer as the produce was sold at very low rates,\" said Naatturaja.More than 55 farmers have been cheated by the farm at Udumalpet. Naatturaja lodged a complaint with EOW, Coimbatore on Tuesday based on which police registered a case against Amman Agro Farms, Angalamman Agro Farms and their managing directors Mathiyazhagan and Lakshmi, managing partners Kandasami, Devaraj, Prabhu and Senthilkumar. They were booked under section 120 (b) (criminal conspiracy), 406 (criminal preach of trust), 420 (cheating and dishonestly inducing delivery of property) and under section 5 of Tamil Nadu Protection of Interests of Deposits (TNPID) act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17410665", "title": "Buddha slams govt for 'communal chaos'", "text": "KOLKATA: Former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee on Wednesday accused the Mamata Banerjee government of stirring up communal chaos in a very subtle manner.\"This is creating a communal divide, which is helping parties like BJP to make inroads in Bengal. In our time this didn't happen,\" he said.Bhattacharjee, who spoke in reference to the Tehatta police firing on November 14 (though he didn't name it), claimed the government's actions and rhetoric are being implied that it is only working for the Muslims though it is a misnomer in itself.He also argued that if the government's intentions were right, it wouldn't leave in a limbo the Left Front government's decision to reserve 10% government jobs for Muslims. \"It is the need of the hour, if one truly believes in uplifting poor Muslims in the state,\" he said.Bhattacharjee also spoke out for the first time against Trinamool's continual jibes on the Bantala rape case of 1990. \"Each of the accused was arrested, convicted and jailed for life. We don't say that nothing happened during our time, yes a few things happened, but not in the scale and manner as now. Criminals are getting bolstered by the government's attempts to see politics behind each and every incident. The state is gradually slipping towards lawlessness,\" the former CM said.Senior CPM leader Gautam Deb referred to Singur MLA and former agriculture minister Rabindranath Bhattacharjee's claim that the Trinamool supremo was aware of extortion in party ranks. \"The chief minister says she gets crores selling her pictures. Indeed if she gets it by painting, it is to be seen who buys those. Or is it another form of extortion itself?\" he asked. A vocal Deb said they would hold a rally with 20,000 tribals from Jangalmahal on December 16 to punch holes into the government's claims on its Jungalmahal development works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17409516", "title": "Climate change blamed for unseasonal Kesar crop", "text": "RAJKOT: Villagers lined up on Khambha-Rajula highway selling fruits resembling mangoes caught the attention of businessman Girish Savani who was on his way to Diu for a vacation. When Savani stopped his car, he was surprised to know these were indeed kesar mangoes. Savani readily purchased 5 kg for Rs 1,000.Not only travellers but farmers too are stunned by the sudden arrival of kesar mangoes, essentially a summer fruit, amidst the chill of winter. Orchards in several villages of Junagadh and Amreli districts on the periphery of the Gir forest are seeing kesars dangling on the trees, ready to be devoured.\"We were surprised to see the flowering of kesar fruits in winter. There is no difference in the size and taste of the fruit that grows in summer,\" said Salim Malviya, who owns a mango orchard sprawling 25 bighas near Savarkundla in Amreli district.Malviya said each of mango weighs around 300 gm. Now, his family is preparing to harvest the mangoes and ripen them to sell in the market.Agriculture experts say that the arrival of kesar mangoes in winter is a phenomenon attributed to climate change due to drought and seen after over a decade.Dr D V Dalvadia, professor, department of horticulture at Junagadh Agricultural University (JAU), told TOI, \"Many mango orchard owners in Saurashtra have reported flowering of mangoes this winter. This phenomenon is due to drought seen after 10 years.\"According to Dalvadia, deficient rains and drought conditions create an imbalance in the carbon-nitrogen nutrients in mango trees. \"The climate change this year caused an increase in carbon which led to early flowering,'' he said. \"We are selling kesar for anything between Rs 150 per kg to Rs 200 per kg,\" said Bharat Solanki, who owns an orchard near Khambha in Amreli district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407870", "title": "NREGA hits bank hurdle in Tamil Nadu", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tamil Nadu seems eager to revert to cash payments for job guarantee scheme after complaints by workers that the banking system was too cumbersome to access.The state government started payments through bank accounts in five districts after persistent pressure from the Centre that cash wages were unacceptable under MGNREGA since the process was prone to corruption.But problems faced by workers in bank payments threaten to scupper the chances of the state expanding it to other districts. In fact, indications are that Tamil Nadu wants to go back to cash wages under the flagship scheme. Rural development minister Jairam Ramesh has written to finance ministry for redress.Many see the failing bank payment model in Tamil Nadu as evidence of the need for 'direct cash transfers'. An official said, \"The problem lies in last-mile connectivity because it is a disincentive to ask workers to leave a day's work to travel to banks where any way they are not assured of action. Instead, direct cash transfer would take mini-ATMs to their doorstep for payments.\"Sources said after the five districts, Tamil Nadu had decided to roll out bank payments to other 27 districts by March 2013.Tamil Nadu has been the only state that continues to disburse cash under the job scheme even as others have moved to depositing money in personal accounts of labourers long ago. The Centre engaged \"banking correspondents\" to deliver money at work site because the visit to banks led to bitter experiences like harassment of poor illiterate labourers.Sources said the experience of bank payments in Erode, Tiruppur, Tiruvallur, Kanniyakumari and Kancheepuram has not been encouraging. There is about one branch for 15 habitations with long distances to be travelled to operate accounts. Several blocks have just one or two commercial bank branches to cater to 15,000 MNREGA workers. Workers have to spend on transport to operate accounts, and lose a day of wages without being able to withdraw money.Rural bank branches also don't have enough deposits to make payments to labourers who turn up in large numbers on given days.The trouble faced by the southern state in banking payments is, in fact, reflective of general state of affairs. While bank coverage is not good, the 'banking correspondent' model has not taken off because it has been limited to those employed by banks. The modalities like financial limit of Rs 10,000 to 20,000 for a correspondent has been impractical since weekly wages in a village go up to Rs 1 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17408866", "title": "223 vehicles booked for traffic violation", "text": "KOCHI: In a major drive to book vehicles violating lane traffic rules, the transport department on Wednesday booked 223 vehicles from various places in Kottayam, Ernakulam and Idukki districts.The drive was conducted by a team led by deputy transport commissioner P A Sainuddin. Officials said the drive was launched following complaints about drivers of heavy vehicles and light motor vehicles violating lane traffic rules and driving vehicles in a rash manner.An official said the department also seized 13 vehicles which were carrying goods above the permissible limit. \"We also took action against 17 vehicles which did not have tax documents. A fine amount of Rs 5, 01,100 was collected from the vehicles through the drive,\" the official said and added that the drive would continue in the coming days.As per the official, vehicles violating lane traffic rules will be imposed a fine of Rs 500 while those overspeeding will be slapped with a fine of Rs 1,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17408628", "title": "Equal raiders, defenders in women\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s team", "text": "LUDHIANA: The India women's team for third edition of the Kabaddi World Cup was selected after the final trials at the Guru Nanak Dev stadium on Wednesday. A 14-member team was selected, apart from the six standby players, after a week long camp in which 31 girls participated. Among the 20 players named, there are equal numbers of raiders and defenders.While the raiders in the team are Priyanka Devi, Sukhwinder Kaur, Priyanka Pilania, Mandip Kaur, Kulwinder Kaur, Meena, and Pinki Pilania, the standby raiders include Jyoti, Suman and Suman Gill. The defenders in the team are Anu Rani, Renu, Mandip Kaur, Jatinder Kaur, Manisha Gill, Sukhdeep Kaur and Sonia and Randeep Kaur, Ritu and Manpreet Kaur are the standby defenders.After the trials, the selected girls were sent to Delhi, where they will undergo a dope test on Thursday morning. The team will have to defend its title, which it won last year by defeating England. The participating nations include Canada, Denmark, England, Malaysia, Turkmenistan and USA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17407222", "title": "Lower and upper Assam celebrate festival differently", "text": "GUWAHATI: This year, Assam has been ravaged by devastating floods and ethnic strife. The double blow has caused widespread loss of life and property in the state.However, it has not deterred people of the state from soaking in the spirit of Raas and they are upholding the spirit of the festival. The rendition of Lord Krishna's exploits with his lovers, his life story, birth, adventures and other tales are contrasting in lower and upper Assam.Sankardeva, the great social reformer, gave a new and unique touch to this age-old cultural form focussing more on the divine being as a saviour of humanity.In lower Assam, Raas is the manifestation of Krishna's life through different idols and there is no human enactment or role play. In the rural areas, the four-day sojourn draws in people. Even in cosmopolitan Guwahati, the popularity of Raas is growing.\"This is the oldest Raas Mahotsav in the city and we are in our 22nd year. The budget for this year has been fixed somewhere between eight and nine lakhs. We have created a fair like atmosphere and also put up stalls for depicting different episodes of Krishna's life,\" said Deepu Das, the president of Japorigorg Janajyoti Yuvak Sanghor, one of the few Raas organizers in the city.In Majuli, Raas celebrations are in full swing. In upper Assam, Raas is observed through human enactments of different episodes from Krishna's life in complete adherence to Vaisnavite traditions. \"Sankaradeva gave a new touch to this art form based on the Bhagavad Purana. Raas existed since Rig Veda days when it was known as 'saman',\" said Mrinal Baruah, a Raas exponent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17411136", "title": "Salman Khan to remake Chiranjeevi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Stalin?", "text": "It's been strongly buzzed that Bollywood actor Salman Khan might soon remake megastar Chiranjeevi-starrer Stalin, directed by Murugadoss. If some reports are to be believed, Salman will reprise Chiranjeevi's role in this Bollywood version, which is to be directed by brother Sohail Khan .Salman Khan, who earlier starred in Hindi remakes of Telugu films like Wanted, Ready, became blockbusters at the Bollywood box office. The actor is also remaking Ravi Teja-starrer Kick in Hindi, to be directed and produced by Sajid Nadiadwala. Salman is yet to give the nod for Stalin and the filmmaker might announce the project once the actor agrees to it.Stalin was written and directed by AR Murugadoss and the film had Trisha, Prakash Raj and Khushboo essaying important roles. The movie, which has the music of Mani Sharma, was a successful film at the Tollywood box office and is one of the highest grossers in 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17407710", "title": "70-year-old doc dies mysteriously", "text": "NAGPUR: A noted medical practitioner in his 70s was found dead with injuries on the head at his Verma Layout residence on Wednesday. Dr Ramlal Choudhari's motionless body was spotted by his female attendant outside the bathroom.Police have ruled out foul play and claimed that Dr Choudhari collapsed due to ill health. It's learnt that the septuagenarian lived at his apartment with his wife while their children stay abroad. Dr Choudhari and his wife were looked after by an attendant. She alerted a doctor in the neighbourhood when Dr Choudhari did not respond to her repeated calls.Ambazari police were informed after the doctor declared Dr Choudhari dead. His body was sent for post mortem at Government Medical College and Hospital. Police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17409074", "title": "Minister to reconsider gasification plant project at Chalai", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Following criticism against project to gasify municipal waste, the government will study the process and reconsider the idea, according to minister for urban affairs Manjalamkuzhy Ali. He said officials would look into the details of the entire process of generating power through gasification of solid waste.\"If the gasification of municipal solid waste is an outdated idea in the US, it should be taken seriously,\" the minister said in response to TOI's report based on an environmental study that gasification of solid waste was abandoned in the US way back in the 1960s. The report also pointed out that there were no commercial-scale solid waste gasification systems operating in the US currently.However, the minister's rethink has come a bit late. Four days ago, the government had formally reached an agreement with the Loro group for building 35-tonne capacity modern waste plant at Chalai.\"I really don't know the details. If it is no longer used in the US, we have to check it,'' the minister said, adding that as far as he knew the project did not require segregation of waste. \"That is what we have been told. Solid waste need not be segregated and can be directly processed at the gasification plant,\" he said.Experts say that this is absolutely impossible. \"Gasification is not meant for mixed materials and can never be used for processing municipal solid waste. Every object requires an optimum temperature for burning and it varies from one to another. If the waste is not segregated, how is this possible?'' asked George C Paul who is currently associated with a gasification project in Tamil Nadu.The project, which will come up at Tirupur in Tamilnadu, will generate 3 MW power. However, the power is not generated using waste but juliflora, a bushy plant widely found in Tamil Nadu. \"We earlier used wood and coconut shell. Now, we use juliflora. The important thing is that all these are similar and not mixed matter like municipal solid waste,\" added. While the project estimate of the waste plant at Chalai is Rs 65 crore, the one at Tirupur will come up at a cost of Rs 22 crore. Interestingly, both the plants generate the same power.The government is planning six major gasification plants at various municipal corporations, each at a cost of Rs 60-65 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17410261", "title": "Trained as mechanics, inmates hope for life after prison term", "text": "MADURAI: When Soundarapandian entered the high walls of the Madurai central prison years ago he was a broken man. Convicted for murder, he was dejected about his past and clueless about future. But when he steps out of the prison after completing his life sentence soon, Soundarapandian, who is in his forties, would be a proud two-wheeler mechanic.He is one among the 35 prisoners of the Madurai jail who are part of a group that has been trained in two-wheeler mechanism in Tamil Nadu prisons. \"All the 35 are murder convicts who are likely to be released soon. The training would rehabilitate them in the prison and also equip them to face the world outside,'' said prison superintendent K Anandan. Though several prisoners including those in Madurai jail are trained in various sectors like weaving, tailoring and book binding, this is the first time that they are trained as two-wheeler mechanics. The inmates are aged between 25 and 40 years and are on the verge completing their sentence.The 30-day training offered by Rural Development and Self-Employment Training Institute (RUDSET) and co sponsored by Syndicate Bank and Canara Bank commenced recently and is the first of its kind in Tamil Nadu.\"Though this is a free training, it is a full-fledged programme where we start with the basics of automobiles, parts of motorcycles, functioning of engine and attending the faults. Self-employment and income generation for prisoners is the objective. We found that the inmates are longing for a normal life. We don't expect them to commit mistakes in future,'' said K Bharathi, director, RUDSET Institute. He said the inmates undergoing the training were from all walks of life and they were keen on acquiring the skill. A certificate will be provided to them at the end of the training. The prison authorities also have plans to train another batch of the inmates.The participation of the banks in the training programme has increased the prospects of the prisoners getting financial assistance for setting up workshops after their release from prison. \"In fact, we have mooted an idea to start a two-wheeler service station abutting the central prison where the trained inmates could work. We have sought the help of the district administration for the purpose,'' said R Baskaran, social welfare officer in Central Prison.Bharathi said they have conducted similar self-employment programmes in various prisons and the settlement rate was 70 per cent. He's hopeful that the current initiative too will be successful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17408805", "title": "23 shops damaged in Moore Market fire", "text": "CHENNAI: At least 23 shops were gutted in a blaze at Moore Market in Park Town on Tuesday night. Most of the shops sold secondhand garments, stocks of which were destroyed in the fire.Firemen had a harrowing time as fire tenders could not enter the narrow bylanes surrounding the market. Shopkeepers estimated the loss from the fire at 20 lakh.Officers of the fire and rescue services department said they had fire engines on the spot within 10 minutes of receiving the first alert. But the fire engines could not enter the narrow lanes that are lined with shops that sell mechanical items, antiques, ball bearings and a variety of other items.Fire services officers are yet to confirm the cause of the fire, but suspect that a short circuit could have sparked the blaze.Shopkeepers like Syed Ansar said they had closed for the night around 9pm on Tuesday. \"At 10pm we got a call from a shopkeeper whose store is next to mine. He said the building was on fire,\" Ansar said.Several shopkeepers who rushed back to the market said the blaze spread rapidly, reducing stocks of clothes to ashes.\"A strong breeze caused the fire to spread quickly. Engine oil waste on the ground and bundles of clothes fuelled the fire,\" a fire services officer saidSeveral shopkeepers said they had lost their livelihood as the fire destroyed stocks purchased with borrowed money. \"We don't know if the fire was caused by a short circuit or if it was sabotage,\" said shopkeeper Abdul Salam. \"But we are poor businessmen and have no enemies. I hope the government comes to our rescue.\"Shopkeepers said the wiring in the marketplace has been in a haphazard condition for some time. They said they had complained to the electricity board but the board failed to take any corrective action. With no fire safety procedures in place, they said, another blaze could devastate the market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17407376", "title": "Dempo roar back, devour Bagan", "text": "MARGAO: Dempo Sports Club broke out of their slumber after seven unimpressive matches and roared back to life to demolish Kolkata giants Mohun Bagan 3-0 in their 8th round I-League clash at the Nehru Stadium, Fatorda on Wednesday.The roar was loud enough to make the lion's roar in an MGM movie sound like a purr and at the end of 90 minutes, you could see chief coach Armando Colaco exit the arena not just triumphant but with his chest filled with pride as his boys delivered just when he asked them to.It was a clinical execution, painless, yet torturous. You could tell from the look on the face of Karim Bencherifa, the result was not what he expected after the kind of fare Dempo had dished out in the previous games.If the first half was shared, Dempo certainly had the lion's share of the exchanges.They showed true grit and played with punch and panache. There was fluidity in midfield, their tika-taka stamp, very much visible and vibrant. If the cohesion in midfield was effective, the attacking pair of Ryuiji Sueoka and Joaquim Abranches worked in tandem, switching positions intelligently, varying their pace and power too, to a nicety.The defence, not to be left behind, refused to buckle down and gave it everything they had from hard to sliding tackles, winning aerial balls and cleverly boxing the powerhouse called Odafe Okolie. The Nigerian known for demolishing all opposition before him, was kept quiet for major part with the gritty Rowilson Rodrigues, especially brought in for the job of containing Odafe, with able support from stopperback and veteran campaigner Mahesh Gawli. Odafe was forced to drop deep as the match panned out, to get the ball as the flow of passes to him had dried up. It is rare to see the player pleading for the ball to be sent his way and when it never came or went wayward, he threw his hands up in frustration or stamped the turf in anger, mouthing unreadable words.It was a total eclipse of the heart for Karim as it was Bagan's second successive disappointment after his takeover. Not that the red and maroon showed no heart. In fact, they took the battle to the defending champs but each time Odafe looked dangerous, the Dempo defence clamped down on him, forcing him into hasty executions that were totally off target.Basically, it was a battle that Bagan lost in the middle where Dempo was outstanding. And the man who made a major difference was a diminutive midfielder , Godwin Franco, who not only managed to fit into the huge vacant shoes of Climax Lawrence, serving a two-match ban, but lifted the entire performance of the team with his probing passes, timely tackles and astute defending. He capped his outstanding exploits with a spectacular goal which will be remembered by Bagan goalkeeper Shilton Paul for a long, long time. The 25-yard scorcher was swift and sudden and brooked no answer from Paul who was left rooted in his tracks. It also happened to be the final nail hammered into Bagan's coffin.Franco gave indications of things to come when he surprised the Bagan defence and Paul with a crisp free-kick as early as in the third minute that crashed into the crossbar before it was hastily cleared.Dempo had another close look at the rival goal when Abranches' header found Shilton's hands.Thereafter, Bagan elbowed in for some space and Odafe had them under pressure with his raging runs and dribbles as he attempted to bulldoze his way through. He almost succeeded after two failed attempts but just when you thought he had cleared a maze of Dempo legs and was about to nail the net, another leg popped his way and toed the ball to safety.Dempo finally broke free and struck from a swift counter with substitute Romeo Fernandes who came in following an early exit from Clifford Miranda, hobbling off with an ankle injury. Romeo's brilliant curling grounder from the right was cleverly toed into the goal by striker Joaquim Abranches who just about managed to pip Bagan defenders Mehrajuddin Wadoo and Cyprian Stanley to put the ball into the net.A minute before the lemon break wingback Nirmal Chettri's criminal hacking down of Peter Carvalho in the box earned the wrath of the referee who awarded Dempo a penalty that was comfortably converted by Sueoka.Eventually, Bagan were left to lick their wounds and hope to fight another day.Dempo lost another player by the lemon break when they were forced to pull out goalkeeper Subhashish Roychowdhury after he suffered an injury.That, however, did not deter Dempo from starting from where they left off and when Bagan were reduced to 10 men after Biswajit Saha was sent off in the 53rd minute, the writing was on the wall. Dempo tore down the Bagan defence time and again and though goalkeeper Paul brought off some spectacular saves they were not to be denied for long as Franco came up witha cracker of a shot in the 70th minute to put the issue safe.Had it not been for goalkeeper Paul who brought off some further saves towards the fagend of the match, Dempo could have finished with a tennis score, so convincing was their showing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17409168", "title": "Mechanized sweeping to spruce up Puri beach", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Taking a leaf out of the books of Bhubaneswar and Cuttack municipal corporations, the state government has decided to introduce mechanized sweeping at the Puri beach.A Mumbai-based company recently did a demonstration on the features of a hi-tech vehicle, which can roll smoothly on sandy surface and wipe out solid garbage in no time. \"We are impressed by the functioning of the mechanized sweeping vehicle. We will shortly hire the vehicle for beach cleaning,\" Odisha tourism minister Maheswar Mohanty told TOI.\"The expenses have not been finalized yet. We will not purchase the machine. We will hire it on hourly basis for availing the service,\" Mohanty said. Initially, the mechanized sweeping vehicle will ply on secluded parts of the beach as it would be difficult for it to move about in crowded stretches.The stigma of unclean beach has haunted the Puri beach for long. Sweepers of the Puri municipality have failed to keep the shore spic and span. While beach vendors keep polluting the beach by selling food products, several hotels have been flouting the environment pollution norms by discharging sewage onto the beach.A group of foreigners had left the district administration red-faced by taking up brooms in hands and cleaning the beach in January 2010.After the damage, an embarrassed administration had convened several meetings and pledged rigorous cleaning exercises on the beach. But everything fell by the wayside.\"The mechanized sweeping will be a permanent solution to the perennial problem,\" Mohanty said, adding \"We have already encouraged local communities to look after portions of the beach.\"Recently, a voluntary organization, Barefoot, was entrusted with the task of maintaining a 500-meter stretch of the beach, between Pantha Niwas and Mayfair. \"We have engaged our volunteers to clean the beach round the clock. Several other amenities have been introduced for the convenience of tourists,\" Barefoot founder Yugabrat Kar said.The district administration is also contemplating resumption of collection of beach user fee from hotel boarders in Puri. While luxury hotels would collect Rs 10 per room from tourists, those staying in budget hotels would pay Rs 5 along with the room tariff. \"The money would be used for beach cleaning and other development activities,\" said Puri tourist officer Bijay Jena.The government started collecting beach user fee in 2008. Plush hotels then used to collect Rs 25 from tourists while middle and ordinary ones were charging Rs 10 and Rs 5. However, it was stopped in early 2009 due to stiff opposition from hoteliers and tourists.The annual footfall of visitors at Puri stands at around 60 lakh, including 55,000 foreigners. The city has more than 300 hotels, lodges and guest houses with carrying capacity of nearly 40,000 tourists.As the government is planning to re-introduce user fee collection, secretary of Puri hotel association Raj Kishore Patra said, \"Some tourists would agree to pay it, others would whine.\"\"We don't mind paying user fee. But the district administration should utilize the money in the right way,\" said Andrea Philipp, a German tourist.Apart from the user fee, the district administration also collects Rs 500, Rs 300 and Rs 200 from big, middle and small hotels, respectively, for beach maintenance.\"Even though we are paying maintenance fee, the beach continues to remain dirty and dark. Condition of the beach in Penthakota area is the worst. Regular cleaning should be introduced on this stretch,\" said Srimant Kumar Dash, president of India Japan Friendship Centre, an organization working for promotion of tourism in the two countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17408081", "title": "Special vehicle project may finally take off", "text": "NOIDA: If the Noida Authority is to be believed, then the much vaunted and greatly delayed Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) project \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a multi-crore project aimed at shoring up the dismal transport system in Noida and Greater Noida \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will finally get off the ground.Officials said the project is currently with the Authority board and is likely to be approved in the next Board meeting of the Noida, Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway authorities. The meeting, which was scheduled for November 29, has been postponed, though officials said it would be \"rescheduled at the earliest\", after which, work will begin on the ground.\"The SPV has already been approved in principal by the brass of the Noida and Greater Noida authorities. Uttar Pradesh State Regional Transport Commission (UPSRTC) is also on board and all details have been finalised. Only the Board's approval is needed, which we will hopefully get in less than a fortnight,\" an official said.In April, senior officials of the Noida and the Greater Noida authorities met with the new UPSRTC MD, Alok Kumar, to bring in a new plan for improving the public transport system within the two cities. The authorities and UPSRTC then decided to grant a new lease of life to the proposed SPV project, which has been in limbo for over a year now.The SPV is a body of officials of UPSRTC, Greater Noida and Noida authorities. It will control the financing of transport upgrade as well as the acquisition of new buses, feeder vehicles, etc.It will develop an Integrated Transport Management System, complete with user-friendly schedules, route map of buses and feeder vehicles and provisions to help commuters identify the waiting time for buses. It will also help in monitoring traffic. Initially, 1,000 buses are to be added to the existing fleet. The number of buses will gradually be increased. Officials said the SPV will take off with an intial capital of Rs 10 crore.The cost will be shared by the three agencies. UPSRTC will bear 10% of the total cost with the remaining expenditure being equally divided between the Noida and Greater Noida authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17408297", "title": "Photo exhibition: Wild and wonderful in the lap of nature", "text": "MUMBAI: A visual treat awaits wildlife enthusiasts in the city this week.A host of stunning wildlife photographs will be put on display as part of an upcoming awards ceremony. TOI has managed to get a sneak peek of some of these images, which will be formally unveiled at Tata Theatre on November 30.\"This year, we have received over 1,500 photo entries from all over India; most of the pictures are simply amazing,\" said veteran writer and environmentalist Bittu Sahgal of Sanctuary Asia.Sahgal, filmmaker Shekhar Dattari and Sumit Sen of Kolkata Birds are the judges of DSP BlackRock Deutsche Bank Sanctuary Wildlife Awards 2012.Some of the notable photographs include a showdown between a nilgai and a Sarus crane in Bharatpur. \"The nilgai had unwittingly come very close to the young ones of the mother Sarus crane, which then charged at the Nilgai with its wings outstretched. In the picture, it looked like the nilgai had acquired wings on its back. That's why the photo is titled Pegasus,\" said Sahgal. Another intriguing image captures a crocodile from such an angle that only one eye is visible above the water. The photograph, titled The Eye, was taken in Gir National Park, Gujarat, at night.\"We have been holding the awards since 2000 to encourage wildlife photography and honour heroes who do their best to preserve forests,\" said Sahgal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17408567", "title": "Shyam Rajak opens 135 godowns for storage of foodgrains", "text": "PATNA: As part of steps to streamline and strengthen the lifting, storage and distribution of foodgrain for various schemes, food and consumer protection minister Shyam Rajak on Wednesday electronically inaugurated 135 newly-constructed godowns of varying capacities run by Bihar State Food and Civil Supplies Corporation.Rajak said the state government had earlier decided to construct 423 new foodgrain godowns in the state at a cost of Rs 207.59 crore. Of them, 135 godowns had been completed by October 31. While 130 godowns have a capacity of 500 tonnes each, the remaining five have a capacity of 1,000 tonnes each, Rajak said, adding that these godowns are spread over 28 districts. The remaining godowns would be completed by March 31 next year. Together, the foodgrain storage capacity of 135 godowns is 70,000 tonnes.According to Rajak, godowns with a capacity of 500 tonnes were to be constructed in 347 old blocks, godowns of 1,000 tonnes capacity on 49 Bazaar Samiti premises, and 27 other godowns of 2,000 tonnes each on four chunks of land acquired for the purpose. The combined storage capacity of the three types of godowns will be 2.84 lakh tonnes.Incidentally, the state has a foodgrain storage capacity of 4.35 lakh tonnes, but it needs a capacity of 14.78 lakh tonnes to facilitate unencumbered lifting and distribution of foodgrain for various schemes in the state, Rajak said. By implication, even if the construction of 423 godowns with a capacity of 2.84 lakh tonnes is completed, there would still be a shortfall to store the remaining 7.59 lakh tonnes, which would be met by constructing more godowns.Rajak said the government planned to construct 211 godowns with a capacity of 2.18 lakh tonnes at a cost of Rs 169.27 crore in 2013-14.According to him, the government was committed to ensure food security for the listed 1.4 crore BPL families in the state. Their needs are met by the foodgrain supplied by the Centre for 65 lakh BPL families, while the requirement of the remaining families is met by the state government with its own resources, Rajak said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17408746", "title": "Department to plan water release from Gangapur", "text": "NASHIK: The collector has asked the water resource department (WRD) to plan the rotation schedule for water to be released from Gangapur dam for irrigation purpose within a week.After the four-hour long marathon meeting on Tuesday, collector Vilas Patil asked the WRD officials to chalk out a detailed plan to release water for irrigation purposes for the entire year.Water is released six times in a year for irrigation purpose, but considering the water left in the dams and the water reserved for drinking purpose, the numbers of rotation is to be reduced to four times a year.Accordingly, the collector has asked WRD to plan four rotations and present a plan within eight days.The meeting was attended by the officials from WRD, Zilla Parishad and the police department. The prevailing situation in the district due to shortage of rains was discussed in detail.While the district received only 77.76% of rains this year as against 83.68% last year, the water storage in the dams across the district stood at 61% of total storage capacity of 66,354 million cubic feet (mc ft).The collective water in the storage after the end of the rainy season was only 40,789 mc ft.The water in Gangapur complex including Gangapur dam, Kashyapi dam and Gautami Godavari dam was 7,286 mc ft out of total capacity of 9,365 mc ft.While the district received only 77% of rain this year as against 83% last year, the water storage in the dams across the district stood at 61% of total storage capacity of 66,354 million cubic feet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "17410107", "title": "Cop in Tehatta firing now accused of thrashing junior", "text": "NADIA: The policeman accused of firing at a mob in Nadia's Tehatta on November 14 has landed in fresh trouble after being accused of thrashing a junior cop.Shailesh, the sub-divisional police officer (SDPO) of Tehatta, allegedly slapped and kicked assistant sub-inspector Kishore Dey at the Krishnagar Police Lines guest house on Tuesday. Dey's wife Chandrima filed a complaint with Nadia police super Sabyasachi Raman Mishra on Wednesday. Dey has been admitted to the police hospital in Krishnagar. Sources said he had facial injuries, though there was no official word from the police.Mishra confirmed a complaint had been filed. \"The victim's wife has lodged a complaint against the SDPO. The investigation is on,\" he said.Shailesh has been staying at the guest house since the November 14 Tehatta firing, which is being probed by the CID and a magistrate. Dey, a resident of Krishnagar's Ghurni area, was in charge of the guest house. \"The SDPO had been misbehaving with my husband from some time,\" Chandrima alleged in her complaint. \"He summoned my husband on Tuesday morning and asked him what work he had done. When my husband asked him what work he wanted done, he slapped and kicked him. He also threatened my husband not to complain to anyone,\" she added.Shailesh admitted he had met Dey on Tuesday, but rubbished the charges as \"rumour\". \"I met the ASI on Tuesday morning, but no such incident happened. I can't understand why a rumor is being spread against me,\" he said.Speaking to the media later, Chandrima said she wanted \"exemplary punishment\" for the SDPO as he had also threatened to shoot and kill her husband a few days ago after Dey reported late for work. \"My husband is innocent. He cannot be accused of negligence of duty. A few days ago, when he arrived late for work, he (Shailesh) threatened to shoot and kill him,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17408540", "title": "Health department failed to meet own targets", "text": "LUCKNOW: Forget about international commitments such as the millennium development goals, the state has not even been able to achieve benchmarks it set for itself under the National Rural Health Mission. Though NRHM envisaged contribution of departments like panchayati raj and rural development, the programme was to be implemented through the health department. However, the implementing agency failed to achieve the standards in its domain.Mothers continue to die: Maternal mortality rate, or the number of women dying during childbirth out of one lakh women delivering babies, for instance, is a primary indicator of the health authorities' failure. At the onset of NRHM, MMR stood at 440 and the officials aimed to bring it below 100 per one lakh live births. Several hundred crores were spent under Janani Suraksha Yojna (JSY) to promote institutional deliveries. Though the rate of maternal mortality was reduced, it was nowhere close to the target fixed. The census department released a special bulletin on maternal mortality in July 2011 which showed that 359 expectant women per one lakh live births were dying during childbirth each year. The data translates into the death of some 20,000 pregnant women in that particular year.Children succumb to diseases: Reducing infant mortality rate (IMR) was the second most important objective of NRHM. IMR is the ratio of the number of deaths among children less than one year during a given year to the number of live births during the same year. At the onset of the programme, UP's IMR stood at 70 and the officials planed to bring it down to less than 30. A drop of 14 points has been registered since then. But a figure of 57 is still far from the target. Health activists say the rate of improvement is more or less the same as in the pre-NRHM era. \"IMR has come down by an average of two points per annum since 2007 - a rate which existed before the launch of NRHM as well,\" said an activist. Figures from NRHM health management information system support the view. In 2005, UP's IMR stood at 73 per 1000 live births. In 2006, when it was re-assessed, the figure stood at 71. \"In short, the contribution of NRHM has not been able to do anything extra for the state,\" she said.Population swelling: Various health agencies have been pointing out that all other health indicators for UP would improve if it is able to limit its population. Total fertility rate, or the average number of children being born to a woman over her lifetime- is the indicator of a state's population. The attention to TFR was natural. The health officials aimed to bring down TFR from a rate of 4.4 in 2007 to 2.8 in 2012. But the state failed on this front too. As per the latest figures, UP's TFR stands at 3.5. \"Such a high TFR is responsible for UP's huge population. It also reflects the state has not been able to do much on this count. UP also lacks a proper population policy,\" a health activist said.No improvement in health infrastructure: Targets were fixed to improve health infrastructure in terms of buildings and workforce as well. The health department aimed to upgrade all its community health centers as per Indian public health standards (IPHS) so that quality of health services could be improved. But forget about covering all CHCs, the state government could not even plan for the purpose. The fourth common review mission (CRM) of NRHM undertaken by ministry of health and family welfare (MOHFW) revealed that of the 515 community health centers in UP, 308 are below IPHS norms. It pointed out that in 2009-10, 50 CHCs were chosen for a step up but only five have been able to achieve 50% completion. CRM therefore noted, \"The progress on health infrastructure upgradation is slow.\" And the situation has not changed till date. The upgradation work is underway in 27 of the 50 selected ones.Dearth of hands: Considering the shortage of doctors willing to join government health services, NRHM aimed to ensure availability of an AYUSH doctor and a paramedical staff at the block primary health center level. But the process is yet to be finalized. The only good sign is that the process has begun, and the only target achieved in the list was appointment of accredited social health activists (ASHAs). Health officials had planned to appoint 1.23 lakh ASHA workers by the end of financial year 2012. Against its target, the state has recruited 1.36 lakh ASHA workers.National programmes fared better: Benchmarks were set for national health programmes which are a part of NRHM. Targets were achieved to some extent in this head. In the national blindness control programme for instance, the health officials aimed to conduct 42 lakh cataract surgeries in a period of five years starting 2007. With an average of six lakh surgeries per annum, the achievement stood close to 40 lakhs in March 2012. Similarly, under the leprosy control programme, the officials wanted to keep the prevalence rate below an average of one per 10,000 population which they have been able to do.Starting afresh: The health officials are aware of their failure. It was probably because of this that they have set new targets. \"Year 2012 marks the beginning of NRHM's new innings. The new targets are not bulky targets like the previous term. Instead, we have phased them out over the next five years ,\" said a senior officer at NRHM's state project management units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17408477", "title": "Irish educator meets Chandigarh students", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Irish educator Diarmuid Hegarty visited the city on Wednesday as a part of an Education Trade Mission from Ireland. He interacted with students and faculty during an exchange programme at a Sector 17 hotel.The Irish mission is being led by Ciaran Cannon T D, an Irish minister of state for training and skills. Its motive is to promote Irish education in northern India. The founder and president of Griffith College will also visit the Griffith College Indian Admissions Office in Chandigarh.\"Currently, about 1,000 Indian students are studying in Ireland, most of them enrolled in postgraduate courses,\" said an Irish official. To support the booming sectors of the Irish economy, the Irish government has introduced a Graduate Employment Scheme that entitles students, upon completion of a degree or a master's degree in Ireland, the opportunity to avail a graduate visa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17408615", "title": "Devotees throng Damdama Sahib", "text": "Braving early morning chill, devotees made a beeline at the historic Gurdwara Damdama Sahib on Wednesday to pay obeisance on the occasion of Gurpurb. Built in memory of Sixth Guru Sri Hargobind Sahib, the historical Gurdwara Damdama Sahib, situated about 23km west of Ludhiana city, is a very popular shrine. Guru Nanak Dev is said to have visited the shrine along with his disciple Bhai Mardana in 1515 during his first \"Udasi\".Meanwhile, other gurdwaras in city were also decked up to mark the celebrations. \"Nagar kirtan\" and \"ardas\" (prayers), \"kathas\", \"paaths\" (readings from the Guru Granth Sahib) were followed by community \"langar\" in most gurdwaras.Showing a book written by Giani Lakshman Singh Gandarbh, \"Sikh history of Malwa\", Damdama Sahib Gurdwara president Sukhwinder Singh said, \"Guru Nanak visited the shrine along with his disciple and friend Bhai Mardana via Thakarwal and Dhandra village. He was greatly impressed with the people here and seeing them he said 'Ujad, Ujad Waso' (displace and settle). On this, Bhai Mardana asked why and Guru replied that he wanted good people to move away from one place and get settled all around.\" He added, \"Guru Nanak and Bhai Mardana stayed here for a week.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17407572", "title": "Ponty murder case: Punjab orders probe into arms licence", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Facing severe flak over administrative slips by Punjab police in the shootout case involving slain liquor baron Ponty Chadha, Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal on Wednesday ordered an official inquiry into the arms licence issued to Sukhdev Singh Namdhari, who allegedly fired at Chadhas, and the botched-up verification of his passport.Namdhari had his arms licence and passport issued at fake addresses in Mohali and Jalandhar respectively. The licence for his double barrel shotgun (12 bore), recovered by Delhi Police from Uttarakhand , was traced to a non-descript house in Punjab's Ropar district on Monday. In an another lapse, his passport (F 7702856) address was mentioned as \"verified\" at Jania village of Jalandhar district by the regional passport officer (RPO) after favourable reports were submitted by the local police.The inquiry will be conducted by principal secretary (home) D S Bains. \"The report will be submitted within 15 days,\" said Bains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17407800", "title": "Firm wins Rs 42 lakh from insurance company that trashed deluge damage", "text": "MUMBAI: The National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission has ruled in favour of a city-based packaging firm after a defaced cheque almost cost them over Rs 42 lakh. The insurance company had refuted the claim on the grounds that the policy was not renewed at the time the company's machinery had faced severe damage in a deluge in 2000.\"The United India Insurance Co Ltd will pay ATN Packaging Private Limited the insured amount as per the assessment of loss made by the surveyor, after adjusting depreciation and compulsory excess. The amount will also carry interest at 9% per annum from 2001,\" the commission said.According to the company, an insurance policy was taken in 1999. On June 30, 2000, the company sent a cheque of Rs 34,962 as it needed to renew the policy. However, the insurance company informed them that since some water had fallen on it, the cheque was defaced. The company then issued another cheque. The company alleged that this subsequent cheque was duly acknowledged by the bank, by putting their rubber seal on the face of the covering letter.Following heavy rains in July, 2000, flood water entered the factory and allegedly damaged the plant and machinery. The insurance company appointed a surveyor to assess the loss. But the claim was repudiated on March 16, 2001. In the letter, the company said, \"...This policy was not renewed and therefore there is no Policy Contract. In the absence of the Contract of Insurance, we are unable to entertain your claim.\"The company filed the complaint in 2001, seeking Rs 42.74 lakh in damages. The insurance firm denied that it had received the premium cheque.The company's advocate relied upon the documents, obtained through RTI refuted the insurance company's claims. It stated that it had carefully examined the evidence brought out through the correspondence and internal records of the insurance company. \"It has been established that the renewal premium was paid by a cheque drawn on State Bank of India on June 30, 2000,\" the commission observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17408154", "title": "Bengali Association ready to helpnon-Hindi speaking pilgrims", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Bengali Welfare Association (BWA) plans to offer a unique service for outstation pilgrims coming to Mahakumbh, said association general secretary PK Roy.The BWA plans to come to the aid of non-Hindi speaking pilgrims coming from north east, Odisha, West Bengal and south India. These pilgrims often face problems in the Hindi belt due to language constraints.To mitigate their Hindi language problem and giving them information on different affairs, BWA will organise \"Kumbh Mela Inter Regional Information Camp\" on the eve and main bathing days and if possible even on Sunday at Allahabad Junction after procuring permission from the North Central Railway.The unique part of the camp would be that the pilgrims making queries would be given reply in their language.The BWA also plans to repo in students who have come to the city for higher education in the endeavour. Interested students can contact BWA secretary PK Roy at bwa.allahabad@gmail.com or mobile numbers 9794439414/8853306356. The students who will participate in the event will be awarded certificate of appreciation, likely to be signed by commissioner, the district magistrate of Allahabad and the NCR general manager. BWA will soon meet NCR general manager to apprise about the event and to seek all possible support for this cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17408095", "title": "Treat Soraon mishap victims at state's cost: Allahabad High Court", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Taking serious note of the Soraon accident involving a tempo and an UPSRTC bus in which seven persons, including three women teachers, were killed, the Allahabad High Court on Wednesday asked the chief medical officer (CMO) and chief medical superintendent (CMS) of the local SRN Hospital to provide adequate medical assistance to all the eight seriously injured persons undergoing treatment there at the cost of the state.A bench of acting Chief Justice Shiva Kirti Singh and Justice Sanjay Mishra directed that the district magistrate, district police chief, superintendent of police (traffic), chief medical officer, CMS of the SRN Hospital and RTO ( Allahabad) be treated as respondents in the PIL.The court took cognizance of a newspaper report published about the collision between a Vikram tempo and an UPSRTC bus and treated it as a PIL.An advocate of the Allahabad High Court, D S Mishra, placed a news item before the bench for initiation of action treating the news item as PIL. The counsel submitted that the injured persons were being harassed and not being provided necessary cooperation and help in respect of their treatment at the SRN Hospital.Taking cognizance of the issue, the court observed: \"We also except cooperation of police authorities, administrative officials and transport authorities in ensuring that commercial vehicles carry only the prescribed or permitted number of passengers and should be driven by a qualified driver having valid licence and should be regularly checked by traffic police and transport officials with a view to avoid recurrence of such road mishaps.\"The court requested the government standing counsel to appear in this case on behalf of the state and its officials to provide assistance to the court.Fixing December 3 for next hearing, the court asked the standing counsel to seek instructions about road accidents and checking of commercial vehicles, valid licences, etc., in the court by that date from the concerned departments.The court directed the Allahabad district magistrate to ensure that the chief medical superintendent of the SRN Hospital should be provided required help by the state government to ensure that all the eight injured persons of Soraon road accident, who are undergoing treatment in the SRN Hospital, be properly treated at the cost of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17408438", "title": "Student kills self; blames principal in suicide note", "text": "JAIPUR: A 17-year-old youth pursuing B.sc (nursing) from a private nursing college on Sikar road committed suicide by hanging from the ceiling at the residence of his maternal uncle in the city. The deceased blamed the principal for this extreme step.According to the Murlipura police, Anil Kumar Saini was a first-year student of SK Soni nursing college. After skipping dinner, anil locked himself in his room. Later, after sensing trouble, his maternal uncles Ramesh Saini and Dinesh Saini broke open the door were shocked to see him hanging from the ceiling.Soon the Murlipura police station was informed. The cops arrived and brought the body down. \"He was rushed to a nearby hospital early on Wednesday where he was declared brought dead,\" said a senior police officer. The police, in its primary investigation, found a suicide note which said that Anil has blamed his principal.\"In the suicide note the youth has said that Kailash Khandelwal the principal of the college was responsible for his stern action,\" said a senior police officer.Police said that the matter would be properly investigated to find out if there are valid grounds against the principal to make it an abetment of suicide case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17407796", "title": "RS Mundle girls finish second in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: A year after losing in the first round of the Maharashtra State Basketball Championship in Nashik, girls from RS Mundle English Medium School representing Nagpur division displayed enough grit to finish second in the U-17 category of the Inter-Division schools state tourney which concluded at Karanja Lad in Washim recently.Having qualified for their second successive state level tourney, RS Mundle girls failed to overcome the challenge of defending champions from Pune division in the title clash. The experienced girls from Pune defeated Nagpur 47-39 with the quarter-wise scores of 11-10, 10-10, 12-8, 14-11. From Nagpur, Anushree Kaloti (15) and Mugdha Amraotkar (9) played well.In a low scoring semifinal clash, city girls edged out Mumbai division 22-19 with Mayuri Joshi and Anushree Kaloti scoring identical 7 points apiece.Earlier, Nagpur girls kick started their campaign with a morale boosting 66-53 victory over Kolhapur in the quarterfinals. The quarter-wise progress in Nagpur's favour read 18-17, 15-10, 22-16, 11-10. For the winners, Mugdha Amraotkar (19), Harshada Pande (17), Anushree Kaloti (12), Mayuri Joshi (10) and Nidhi Bhoyar (6) played well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407201", "title": "Truckers under CCI scan for freight rigging", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Competition Commission of India (CCI) has ordered an investigation into the alleged role of All India Motor Transport Congress (AIMTC), the largest association of transporters, for asking its members to increase freight charges by 15% soon after diesel price was raised by Rs 5 a litre last September. The commission ordered the probe recently after a case was filed against the transporters' body by an advocacy group.The group, Indian Foundation for Transport Research and Training (IFTRT), alleged that AIMTC indulged in \"similar\" practice of concerted freight hike whenever there was a hike in diesel price. It also mentioned how a \"cease and desist\" order by the erstwhile Monopolies and Restrictive Trade Practices Commission (MRTPC) in 2006 had refrained it from indulging in freight price rigging. AIMTC was also directed to circulate the order to its members with a commitment that the organization would never indulge in such restrictive trade practices.\"However, despite this order, AIMTC constituents defiantly instructed its member truck unions/transport associations to jack up freight charges by 15% with immediate effect in June 2008 after there was a diesel price hike without caring for free play of market forces and its restrictive trade practices,\" said S P Singh, coordinator of IFTRT.He added that when the issue was taken to the Competition Appellate Tribunal, it passed an order against Bal Malkit Singh of AIMTC asking the organization to withdraw the circular of raising freight charges, pay minor penalty and an unconditional apology. Malkit Singh is the president of AIMTC.\"Though they complied with all this last year, the body repeated the same offence in September, announcing a 15% hike in freight charges,\" S P Singh said.IRTFT, in its case, attached news reports which quoted AIMTC executives announcing increase in freight charges. It also mentioned how ground reports showed that truckers largely followed what AIMTC announced and were found seeking higher freight charges.When contacted, AIMTC president Malkit Singh said, \"I have heard about the CCI order. If an investigation has been ordered, we are ready to face it. We will reply to CCI in case we get a notice from the commission. AIMTC had only told reporters how much the increase in truckers' expense would be due to the diesel price hike and the question was asked by media persons. We will put the facts before CCI.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17407216", "title": "Students wary of results amid Delhi University\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s evaluation chaos", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17408609", "title": "Experts to help catch on-the-prowl leopard", "text": "LUDHIANA: Suspecting a leopard on the prowl in Qadian village forest area, the forest department has roped in two experts to help it catch the big cat. The experts have conducted extensive studies on leopards in Uttrakhand.The big cat had escaped from a well in the village on November 11. It was again spotted in the forest area on November 20.Sources in the department said, \"The specialists are examining the leopard's pug marks which it had left eight days ago when it was spotted by a villager in the forest area.They also suspect that it had killed a pig, whose leg was found in the forest on Monday. The department has initiated night patrolling, as the wild animal is active after dusk.\" Divisional forest officer Daljeet Singh Brar said, \"We have sought the help of two specialists, who have done much work on leopards in Uttrakhand. They are already on the job.Search operations are being conducted to catch the wild cat.\" The officials have asked Qadian, Bhatiyaan and Kasabad village residents to be cautious of the wild animal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17408424", "title": "Pataudi Road shooting: 3 held, 2 cops suspended", "text": "GURGAON: Three people were arrested for allegedly shooting at a student in front of Pataudi Road police chowki on Tuesday afternoon. Police produced the accused in a city court on Wednesday and took them on five days' police remand.The DCP (West) suspended the police chowki in-charge and the investigating officer, for their negligence in two respects. They had not registered the case under the relevant section of IPC and secondly they were part of the panchayat held on the issue in the police chowki.\"It was a very unfortunate incident. The sub-inspector in charge (probationer), Arvind Kumar, and the investigating officer, head constable Meer Singh, have been suspended,\" said Surendra Pal Singh, DCP (West). The arrested persons were identified as Sandeep alias Bander, Vishal, residents of Naharpur village, and Amit, a resident of Bhondsi village. However, two more persons are still at large, police said.The victim was reportedly better and was still in hospital. The incident took place on Tuesday afternoon. It was later learnt that a love affair had triggered the violence. There was a brawl between Mahendra, a resident of Narsinghpur village, and Sandeep alias Bander, a resident of Naharpur village, four days ago. Two groups of people held a mini-panchayat for an amicable solution. Then Mahesh Kumar and Mahendra, cousin of the victim, also reached the police chowki.Meanwhile, when Mahesh came out of the panchayat and sat in his car, three armed assailants opened fire on him. Cops said that the accused had fired four rounds at the car and Mahesh was injured by a bullet near his neck. He was taken to a nearby hospital. \"We are questioning the accused and trying to recover the weapon which was used in the crime. We are searching for two other accused,\" said inspector Rajendra Singh, SHO, city police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407118", "title": "Another relative held in Bulandshahr honour killing case", "text": "NEW DELHI: A third suspect was arrested from Aligarh in the Bulandshahr honour killing case on Wednesday. Twenty-eight-year-old Abdul Hakim , who appeared in an episode of Aamir Khan's Satyamev Jayate discussing honour killings, was gunned down in his village by five men on Monday.The third accused, Gullu, is a distant relative of the widow Mehwish and works at Asif's restaurant. It was near this restaurant that Abdul was murdered when he was walking home after a visit to the local police station. Asif, an uncle of Mehwish, and Sarvar, another relative, were arrested on Tuesday.In her interactions with police, media and National Commission for Women, Mehwish has been demanding her relative Aslam's arrest, saying he had played a big role in the murder. He has been detained.The UP police claims personal enmity is the cause of the death. Abdul's family believes he was murdered by Mehwish's relatives for marrying her against her family's wishes. Searches are on to nab two others.Mehwish and Abdul earlier told police and government officials they could be killed for 'honour' and a bounty of Rs 50,000 had been announced for their deaths. The SSP met her on Wednesday. Besides two women constables posted near her house, police presence has been strengthened. Both families said they were receiving threats to withdraw their statements.Mehwish is pregnant with her second child. A special medical team visited her on Wednesday.In 2010, Abdul and Mehwish eloped a day before she was to get engaged to her cousin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17407826", "title": "Party drug worth Rs 65 lakh found in photo frames, one held", "text": "MUMBAI: A passenger carrying nearly 6.5kg of ketamine worth Rs 65 lakh was intercepted and arrested at the Mumbai airport late on Tuesday. Air Intelligence Unit (AIU) officials found the party drug concealed in photo frames.The passenger, a Chennai-based driver, was travelling to Malaysia to deliver the consignment. Incidentally, this was the fourth such case in the past 10 days.Officials familiar with the case said Zafarullah Khan was at the check-in counter, waiting to get his boarding pass for a Malaysian Airlines flight to Labuan via Kuala Lumpur, when a team of AIU sleuths led by assistant commissioner Sameer Wankhede intercepted him. The officials had received a tip-off about Khan's movements.The sleuths asked Khan to show his checked-in luggage and found nine photo frames inside. On checking further, they realized that ketamine was hidden inside the frames. \"A layer of ply was added to the rear portion of the photo frames, which created a false back. Inside, ketamine was stuffed in neatly wrapped packets. All nine photo frames had drugs concealed in a similar manner,\" an official said.Sleuths said the drug was concealed in a very clever manner. \"There was no way to detect the drug inside the wooden photo frames. It would not have shown in the security scanners. Only a specific tip-off helped nail the carrier,\" an official said. \"Usually, drugs are found concealed in false suitcase bottoms, which are not too difficult to detect. However, if packed between two pieces of plywood, it's almost impossible to detect it.\"Officials said Khan, a \"part-time\" smuggler, made 23 trips to Malaysia earlier this year to deliver drug consignments. The AIU is suspecting a common link between the past three cases and the current one, considering that the carriers in the previous cases also came from Chennai and were bound for Malaysia. \"We are investigating if the same syndicate is involved in all these cases. We are also trying to get to the person who is sourcing these drugs,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17408129", "title": "Enforce power roadmap to free state of load-shedding: MERC", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra will have surplus power in 2013-14 and 2014-15, and till then it will have a peak deficit of 1,000-1,500 MW, a roadmap submitted to Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) said.MERC said, \"The roadmap by power distributor MSEDCL to make the state free of load-shedding has long-term goals, hence implementing it without delays is necessary.\" MERC put up the roadmap and comments on its website on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "17407308", "title": "Make encroachers legally accountable: Bodo student body", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The All Bodo Students Union (Absu) has urged the Centre and the state government to make public the verification report on people with suspect citizenship made during the rehabilitation of riot victims to build confidence among the people of the Bodoland Territorial Area Districts (BTAD).Absu president Promod Boro said on Tuesday that the indigenous people of BTAD want illegal encroachers to be made legally accountable and that they would not be allowed to go on violating the law in the BTAD after the recent violence.He said the ongoing rehabilitation of riot victims has shocked the indigenous people as the authorities responsible themselves have violated the law in the resettlement process. Boro said the people of Kokrajhar are worried about clashes erupting again if the police and paramilitary forces are removed from the district. The recent spurt of violence has proved the useless existence of a unified command structure in the state and there is a need to reinforce the police administration, especially in the affected areas, he added.Boro said Absu feels that the genuine issues must be understood by the authorities and if the authorities ignore them during the peace-building and rehabilitation process, there won't be sustainable peace in the region. Absu also appealed to the government to address the issue of protection of tribal land and control over resources properly so that any misunderstandings do not occur again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17407892", "title": "Only half the funds marked for development spent", "text": "PUNE: Of the Rs 449.97 crore marked for development works in Pimpri-Chinchwad, the civic body has been able to spend only Rs 126.62 crore so far.This revelation was made at the general body meeting held on Tuesday. A discussion started after opposition leader Kailas Kadam and Congress corporators Bhausaheb Bhoir and Rahul Bhosale asked questions about implementation of works marked in the civic budget. The head office of the engineering department replied that out of the total budgetary provision of Rs 449.97 crore for development works, an amount of Rs 126.62 crore has been spent so far. The civic administration said that the water supply department spent Rs 14.82 crore of the total privision of Rs 55 crore. The drainage department spent Rs 11.73 crore out of the budgetary provision of Rs 40 crore. The administration, in its reply, gave the status of the works for which tenders have been invited.Some corporators complained that no new development works have been started in their wards since the elections held in February this year. They said the projects listed in the budget could not be completed in the remaining three to four months of the present financial year. Some complained that roads are potholed and citizens are facing problems due to irregular and inadequate water supply. Corporators demanded that contractors delaying the projects and asking for cost escalation should be blacklisted.Garden entry charges hikedPune: The entrance charges for big gardens developed by the Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation will be increased from Rs 5 to Rs 10 (for adults), and from Re 1 to Rs 5 (for children). The proposal to approve the new rates was okayed at the general body on Tuesday. Charges for visitors for video shooting and photography in gardens have also been hiked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17408294", "title": "A Poles Apart Experience", "text": "CHANDIGARH: For the group of young Polish children visiting the city, Gurpurb turned out to be a rich learning experience. The children participated in community service at the Sector 8 gurdwara, where they took in details of the Sikh way of life. Everything was novel and exotic. The dress, the head gear, the rituals, all were significant in one way or another.The children were especially enamoured by the \"langar\" which signifies the idea of sharing. \"For the first time, we ate sitting on the ground with nearly 40 to 50 people sitting in the same row. It was nothing like anything we have experienced before,\" said Borowiak Doroto, a 10-year-old dancer. She was also quite taken in by the music at the gurdwara. \"Melodious and soothing\" is how she described it.For 9-year-old dancer Dembski Kacper, the Sikh dress was the most interesting part of his experience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17407522", "title": "MMC solar streetlights still not functioning", "text": "MARGAO: The solar streetlights installed by the Margao Municipal Council (MMC) around its building have not been functioning for the last one year. Even while the city was celebrating Diwali, the festival of lights, and more recently, the famed Dindi, the solar lamps failed to contribute to the illumination of the MMC square.The Goa Energy Development Agency (GEDA) and the MMC had, in a joint project in February 2010, installed 50 lamps in the city - 12 around the municipal building and 38 in the municipal garden. The cost of the project was shared equally by the MMC and the GEDA with the former depositing 6 lakh with the latter. While the lamps installed in the garden are working fine, the 12 lamps around the municipality garden are not in order.Sources in the MMC said that the lamps were procured from three different companies which were expected to carry out regular maintenance for a period of five years. \"The solar lamps began malfunctioning in less than six months of their erection,\" an MMC official said.MMC chief officer Srinet Kothwale said that the fault in the lamps appears to be drained batteries. \"The batteries need to be recharged. We have already brought this to the notice of the GEDA,\" Kothwale had told TOI two weeks ago. Member secretary of the GEDA Michael D'Souza, when contacted on Wednesday said that he was unaware of the issue and that he would look into it.\"So far, I have not received any communication in that regard from the MMC. If there was any arrangement with the private companies for maintenance, I will have to look it up,\" D'Souza said, adding that the project was taken up before he took up his posting at GEDA.Former chairperson of the MMC Savio Coutinho , during whose tenure the solar streetlights project was undertaken, said: \"I had taken the initiative for the project for the primary reason that such a venture by the MMC would boost the government's efforts in promoting renewable energy. If authorities are unable to ensure the maintenance of a few lamps, how will the public be encouraged to go in for solar energy systems? I am of the view that solar lighting systems should be installed in all government offices as it will at least save a lot of wastage of electricity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17408080", "title": "107 shown the door during hostel raid", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The authorities of Allahabad University raided the premises of Muslim Boarding House, hostel belonging to a trust, on Wednesday. Despite it being a holiday, university authorities continued the raid and flushed out 107 illegal inmates from this hostel which provides accommodation to Muslim students pursuing various courses at AU or any of the constituent colleges of AU.Starting the raid on Wednesday morning chief proctor Mata Ambar Tiwari along with the proctorial team, the officiating dean student welfare Dr A R Siddqui and a heavy police force arrived at the hostel and started the physical verification one room at a time. The inmates of the hostel showed discipline and cooperated with the authorities as they waited for their turn at the doors of their rooms with all the relevant documents. Many of the inmates had the slip of the money they had deposited in the bank account of the trust and the chief proctor allowed them to stay in the rooms while the original receipts were taken by the superintendent. Many of the students are pursuing various courses at one constituent college or the other of AU and the hostel rule permits them to stay in the hostel.AU authorities had to put locks on the doors of 30 rooms and 107 illegal inmates were removed from the hostel. The university authorities did not spare the ex-students or those who were pursuing diploma courses or research scholars over staying.The authorities would be conducting raid at A N Jha hostel on Thursday. Although the hostel does not have any vacancy as all the inmates are bonafide, the authorities want to conduct physical verification of the students who have been allotted rooms in the hostel.\"A N Jha would be the last boys hostel where physical verification drive would be conducted following which the authorities would be undertaking raid at girl's hostels on the Women's Hostel campus starting with Sarojini Naidu Hostel (SNH) which would be checked on November 30,\" said the Chief Proctor. Shatabadi boys and Radha Krishnan hostels were clean and as such verification drive would not be conducted in these hostels, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "17409439", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcMolestation\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 case: Varsity victim meets CM, Sachin Pilot", "text": "AJMER: Protest against the chairman of Bhagwant University Anil Singh and the warden Vasudha Deviraj accused in a sexual assault case, intensified on Wednesday after the victim met chief minister Ashok Gehlot and Union minister Sachin Pilot .The victim met Gehlot and Pilot who were here to attend the concluding ceremony of the Pushkar Fair. She met them at the circuit house before they left for Pushkar. The victim alleged that the police were going soft on the accused and demand a fair probe.Gehlot said, \"It's very unfortunate . I have directed the police IG of Ajmer range Anil Paliwal to look into the matter and arrest the accused immediately.''The victim had filed a complaint against Singh on Monday, alleging that he had molested her and that the warden was instrumental in sending her to his residence on the pretext of discussing the fees matter. The two accused have separately moved applications for the anticipatory bail in the district and sessions court on Wednesday.University administration, on the other hand, came out in defence of its chairman.In a press release posted on the varsity's website, the authorities blamed the girl for trying to defame the chairman by accusing him of molestation to get a reduction in the fees.Earlier, she was warned many a times for her conduct, the release added. The varsity officials had earlier claimed that Singh was not in Ajmer for the past 15 days.However, the police in their investigation have gathered the call details of Singh's mobile and have confirmed that Singh was in Ajmer on that day.\"The location of Singh's cell phone has been found to be in Ajmer on Sunday, the day on which the victim had claimed that she was molested, said Sunil Vishnoi circle inspector Christianganj . We have sent a police party to Bijnore and Bulandshahar in UP to look for Anil Singh, he added. The victim had approached SP, Ajmer, and submitted an application for police protection .The victim alleged that she was receiving threat calls. \"Singh's 'accomplices' were making threat calls to me and are putting pressure on me to withdraw the case,\" she claimed.She also alleged that some faculty members had asked her to withdraw the case.\"We are looking into the matter and will take appropriate action ,'' said Rajesh Meena SP Ajmer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407978", "title": "UPA\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcgame-changer\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 a bid to cut subsidies: Activists", "text": "NEW DELHI: Civil society organizations announced their opposition of the government's move towards cash transfers in place of subsidy schemes for the poor. \"Cash transfers will exclude more poor people from schemes and is simply a way for the government to reduce its subsidy burden,\" said Nikhil Dey of the Mazdoor Kisan Shakti Sangathan.\"The NREGA is already a massive cash transfer programme, and we have seen that leakages and corruption have not disappeared as a result of wages directly being credited into the workers' bank accounts,\" Dey pointed out. The biggest problem with the NREGA was the delay in payments, which would be replicated with other schemes once cash transfers were introduced, Dey warned.Problems with correctly identifying the poor would persist with cash transfers, while financial inclusion still lagged behind, activists from the Right To Food campaign, the National Campaign for the People's Right To Information, the National Alliance of People's Movements and the Kagad Kach Patra Kashtakari Panchayat pointed out. Activists also expressed fears about the cash not being able to keep pace with inflation.Economist Reetika Khera from IIT Delhi said that the government had declared their pilot project on cash transfers in place of the kerosene subsidy in Kotkasim in Rajasthan's Alwar district a success. \"However our field report has found that the reason the offtake of kerosense plummeted, some say by 80 per cent, was not because corruption was stopped, but because legitimate beneficiaries were no longer able to access their entitlement. Many didn't have bank accounts, others had functioning accounts but the subsidy either came late or never came at all, forcing them to give up on kerosene,\" Khera said.\"The UID's own documents admit that there is no scientific data to show that their iris authentication or fingerprint authentication technologies actually work,\" said legal researcher Usha Ramanathan who has written criticising the government for collecting biometric data for surveillance purposes.Brinda Karat of the CPI(M) and Prakash Jawadekar of the BJP said that their parties would oppose the move to cash transfers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17407240", "title": "Mesmerizing Sufi strains at IIM-Shillong", "text": "SHILLONG: Soulful rendition of Sufi music by the famous Bharti Bandhu made the audience spellbound at the Indian Institute of Management, Shillong on Tuesday night. This was the first-ever performance of the group in the northeast.\"The Bharti Bandhu mesmerized one and all with their music and ferried everyone into the intriguing world of Sufism and shayari,\" a spokesperson of the youngest B-school in the country said. The event was organized in collaboration with SPIC-MACAY.\"The famous troupe from Chhattisgarh is known for its 'kabir gayaki' and has represented the state and the nation in over 5500 programmes. They have been awarded with various awards including the Lata Mangeshkar Puruskar and the Lokmanya Puruskar and have also represented India at the International Sufi Festival, Lucknow,\" the IIM spokesperson said.The event that saw mes,erizing performances was attended by dignitaries, including the director of IIM- Shillong, Keya Sengupta, campus administrative officer RC Saxena, faculty and students of the institute.\"The Bharti Bandhu gave all their songs and shayaris a managerial twist to engage the students and compelled everyone to ask for more and more. The evening ended with the singers chanting famous Sufi masterpieces like \"dama dam mast kalandar\" and \"mera piya ghar aaya oo lalani\" that left everyone spell-bound,\" an IIM release elaborated.\"The IIM-Shillong, which established in 2008, has become a premier management institute in the country. Within a short span of only four years, it has made its presence felt in the international arena,\" the release read.\"Various MoUs signed with different global management institutes of repute and Sino-Indian management executive programmes are a step towards the holistic approach of the management education adopted by the institute. IIM-Shillong's vision is to groom young managers with a sense of responsibility to society and environment, with a sense of diligence and honesty. Our motto is that managers, who are essentially good human beings, are an asset both for the corporate sector and the nation,\" the IIM statement highlighted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407783", "title": "Rise in J&K; influx, drop in attacks baffle agencies", "text": "NEW DELHI: There is a curious situation in the Kashmir valley this year. A rise in infiltration reported from Pakistan has not led to a corresponding increase in terror activity in J&K;, leaving security agencies wondering if the figures are a correct estimate or is there a more sinister reason behind the calm.Keen to resolve the puzzle, a high level meeting on infiltration convened by the home ministry last week decided to review the methods employed by different agencies like Army, BSF and state intelligence to calculate infiltration and accordingly assess their efficacy and reliability.According to figures till October 31 this year, infiltration attempts from Pakistan rose to 249 from 235 in the corresponding period last year. The figures were arrived at after the Multi-Agency Centre (MAC) reconciled the different figures compiled by various agencies tracking infiltration into J&amp;K.; There is often a variance between Army and paramilitary figures.\"The rise in infiltration this year is marginal, though numbers reported over the last couple of months are more of a concern. But what is really surprising is that there has been no corresponding increase in terror activities in the Valley,\" an official said.This, the official added, leaves limited scenarios: either the infiltration figures submitted are an over-estimation or the terrorists are tasked with not creating trouble in J&K; but are to travel further to the hinterland. There is also a possibility of their lying low in the state itself.Interestingly, though infiltration trend shows an upward trend in 2012 compared to a decline over the past several years, killings of militants while crossing over came down to nine until October 31 from 35 last year. Similarly, 122 militants were turned back by the border forces this year, down from 147 in the corresponding period of 2011.Fewer engagements with terrorists crossing the LoC/international border is matched by falling levels of militancy in the Valley. Incidents came down to 195 until November 13 this year, from 312 in the corresponding period last year. The number of militants active in the Valley was recorded at a much lower 54 compared to 99 last year. Civilian killings too are down from 28 until November 13 last year to just 13 this year, and security forces killings from 30 in 2011 to 10 this year.Sources said a high-level meeting in the home ministry last week decided to assess the methods used by various agencies to arrive at infiltration figures. This may help establish if the reported rise in infiltration was based more on estimates than actual verification.An official conceded that infiltration figures were partly based on estimation made through terror chatter intercepts or worked out on formulas. \"The forces work out the number of infiltration attempts on the basis of the number of intercepted militants. Also, a snapped border fence is often taken as infiltration of a minimum four terrorists. But the cross-border terror chatter could be a conscious attempt to mislead the security agencies.... similarly, one or two terrorists, and not four as estimated, may have infiltrated through a snapped wire,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "17408318", "title": "Tragedy at Centre-funded project in Dombivli kills two", "text": "KALYAN: Two labourers working on a project funded by the Centre died after falling into a manhole on Wednesday evening in Dombivli (W).\"One worker fell into a manhole chamber. When his colleague tried to rescue him, but got stuck inside and died of suffocation,\" said a police officer. \"The private contractor did not provide any safety gear to the labourers that led to their death. The contractor, Marathe, has been booked for negligence,\" he added.The work of laying drainage lines is being carried out by Eagle Construction Pvt Ltd. appointed by Kalyan-Dombivli Municipal Corporation under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17409007", "title": "Railway overbridges at Vengalam and Vengali opened for traffic", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The national highway authorities, on Wednesday, threw open the railway overbridges at Vengalam and Vengali for vehicular traffic. The decision was taken, considering the hardships faced by commuters owing to the repair work.The works on the ROBs in the Kozhikode-Kannur route had started over a month ago following complaints that the potholes on them were causing hardships to commuters. While the repair works on the Vengali ROB was completed a few days ago, the Vengalam ROB was thrown open before the completion of the tarring work of the approach road, considering the traffic woes.\"The work on the approach road of the Vengalam ROB was to be completed a couple of days ago. However, the process could not be completed as the natives obstructed the work of the tar-mixing unit at Kunnamangalam citing the issue of environmental pollution,\" said district collector K Mohankumar. \"The remaining work would start along with the work of Chengottukavu bridge,\" he added.Though the highway wing of the public works department had asked for a month's time to complete the work and had demanded a traffic ban on the route till the completion of the work, the road safety authority fixed the deadline as November 14. The decision to complete the work on a war footing was taken considering the fact that large number of buses and other vehicles plying on the Kozhikode-Kannur route would be affected if the road was to be blocked for a long period.The authorities decided to open the road after holding a discussion with the district collector considering the difficulties caused to road users following the restrictions.Till Tuesday, the vehicles were plying on alternate routes causing inconvenience to the commuters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17408293", "title": "Two held as probe reveals revenge motive, conspiracy in double murder", "text": "GURGAON: Police investigation into the killing of an ambulance operator and his driver has revealed that six people, including a former driver of the deceased ambulance van operator, had killed the two in Sector 37 and later left the bodies in the abandoned van in Sector 10. Police arrested two of the accused on Wednesday, but the mastermind, Rahul, and three others are still at large.The ambulance owner, Bijendra Chauhan alias Kukku, and his driver, Rajendra, were found dead in the HUDA ground in front of Euro International School in Sector 10 early last Friday (Nov 23).The DCP (West), Surendra Pal Singh, said at a press conference at his office here that the motive behind the double murder was revenge.The arrested persons were identified as Akhilesh, resident of Singhan Khera village in Bharatpur district of Rajasthan, and Jaikaran Yadav, resident of Nangla Dakau village in Etawah in Uttar Pradesh. Both were living in Anjana Colony as tenants and Akhilesh ran a grocery shop in the colony.\"The script for the double murder was written by the van owner's former driver, Rahul, with the help of five other accused. Rahul had revenge in his mind ever since he was sacked and his salary was cut by Rs 12,000 after an accident involving the ambulance van he was driving. Rahul had promised to give Rs 25,000 each to the co-accused after the ambulance van owner was killed,\" Singh said.They had called the van owner on the pretext of drop a dead body in Bihar . As per their planning they had killed the ambulance van operator and his driver in sector 37 area and dump the dead bodies in ambulance van in sector 10 to avoid any evidence. Our teams are on job and the other accused along with the master mind of double murder will be behind the bar as earliest possible\", said Surendra Pal Singh, DCP (West).Rahul and others hatched the conspiracy in Anjana Colony, Khandsa, where Rahul and his close friend, Akhilesh, were living as tenants. \"Putting the plan into action, Rahul gave the mobile number of Kukku, the ambulance van owner, to one Ajit, who called the mobile van owner and sought to hire the ambulance van to shift a dead body without postmortem in Darbhanga, Bihar. Kukku and his driver Rajendra were told to come near Radha Swami Satsang Byas on Pataudi Road. Ajit met them there and took them to a deserted place in Sector 37 near Anjana Colony, where Rahul and the other co-accused were waiting. Together they assaulted Kukku and Rajendra with iron rods and sharp weapons,\" said Sanjeev Balhara, the investigating officer and person in charge of crime branch.\"After killing them, they dumped their bodies in their ambulance van and left the van in an empty ground in front of the Euro International School, located in Sector 10, around 4am. We identified all the accused with the help of the mobile call detail report,\" said Balhara, who was assigned the case inquiry two days ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407669", "title": "GMR plans legal battle over Male expulsion", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after Maldives cancelled its biggest FDI by GMR, the Indian company is getting ready to challenge the decision by going to court. India, after reacting angrily to the Maldives' decision on Tuesday, pulled its punches by refusing to add to its statement.On Wednesday, Maldives' politicians, particularly from the Islamist Adhalath Party, were expected to take out a \"victory rally\". Meanwhile, Maldives attorney general Azima Shukoor was quoted as saying that although the agreement had stated that GMR should be given a 30-day notice of termination, the government believed that it need not be followed since the contract was void.\"The government has given a seven-day notice to GMR to leave the airport,\" said Shukoor, adding the government reached the decision after considering \"technical, financial and economic\" issues surrounding the agreement. GMR has been given a week to get out of Maldives.Government sources said they did not want to fan the flames, because it appeared to be tied to local politics. The Islamist Adhalath Party, which has taken a strong anti-India stand, has been tweeting Islamist messages all day, including calling for the removal of Indian high commissioner D N Mulay by November 30. In one of the tweets, its said, \"India can't do anything. We have the upper hand, we have dealt it and it was a flush, GMR has been flushed out. Next the Indian nationals.\"While GMR sources are confident that they have a very good legal case against the Maldives government, some analysts here say the move could be an expression of local politics. In fact, the Maldives government's official letter to GMR, while saying that the agreement was terminated ab initio, also gives the company room to take legal recourse.The Mohammed Waheed government may be trying to undo all the decisions taken by his predecessor, Mohamed Nasheed, who was overthrown in February. Waheed is expected to face a no-confidence motion on December 9, so India is ready to give Maldives some breathing room.GMR sources said they had been assured by World Bank that it would impress upon Maldives that the process of awarding the contract to GMR was fully in line with Maldivian laws and conducted transparently.Earlier this year, Maldives objected to GMR levying an airport development charge of $25 to departing passengers, even though it was part of the contract. GMR, sources said, agreed to stop the charge and defray the costs from the revenue they pay to the government. The cabinet decision came after this agreement.A culmination of a year of turmoil, Maldives' recurrent crises are now having a diplomatic impact. Sources said that apart from GMR, Taj and Tata Housing were also invested in Maldives.The Maldives government statement of Tuesday said, \"The government's decision was based on a paper presented by the attorney general's office at today's cabinet meeting. The paper was based on findings of a thorough research done for the past nine months by a cabinet committee.... Following exhaustive discussions at today's cabinet meeting regarding the above mentioned reports, the cabinet decided to terminate this agreement on grounds that there were many legal, technical and economic issues regarding the agreement, and that it was legally invalid, and impossible to further continue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17409478", "title": "Case registered against online marketing portal", "text": "COIMBATORE: District Crime Branch (DCB) has registered a case against an online multi-level marketing portal on Wednesday for allegedly cheating several people of crores of rupees in Coimbatore, Erode and the Nilgiris.The portal functioned under various names. The portal had promised investors that for an investment of Rs10,000; the firm would pay Rs 850 every month for 60 months and return the capital at the end of the tenure. Agents were promised Rs 2,000 as commission for every investment of Rs 1 lakh. Trusting the firm's words, R Vadivel, 25 of Samichettipalayam had invested Rs 1.50 lakh in the online portal in March 1, 2012. Initially, he received Rs 12,750 from the firm for two months.Later he invested Rs 3.50 lakh on August 1. After the second investment, he did not receive any interest. When he inquired about the firm, he realised he had been cheated. He lodged a complaint with DCB few days ago. In his complaint, Vadivel said that managing directors of Fine Future firm S Senthilkumar, M Vivek of Peelamedu and agent Mohan of Somanur came to his house to receive the money he wished to invest. Based on the complaint, the police have registered a case under section 120 (b) (criminal conspiracy), 406 (preach of trust), 420 (cheating and dishonestly inducing delivery of property) and under section 4,5,6 of Prize Chit and Money Circulation (Banning) Scheme Act, 1978.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17409452", "title": "Traders slam FDI in retail, wants DMK to quit UPA", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tamil Nadu Traders Association condemned the decision of the Union government to allow foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail at a meeting held in Coimbatore on Wednesday and over 1,000 traders took out a procession from Thiruvalluvar bus stand to VOC Park in the city.A M Vikram Raja, state president, Tamil Nadu Vanikar Sangankalin Peramaippu, said the interests of farmers and traders would be affected if FDI is allowed in retail. The decision is against the interests of people, he claimed. He also disputed the claims that FDI will infuse money into the domestic market. \"It will eventually lead to economic subjugation of the country. The foreign players could easily procure goods directly from the farmers and then sell it at a cheaper rate and build monopolies within few years. Thereafter, they would start to dictate terms to the customers but that would be too late as the domestic retail sector would be in no position to take on foreign behemoths, he said.Raja condemned DMK's decision to back the Union government on retail FDI and demanded that Karunanidhi to withdraw support to UPA. He said it was unfortunate that Union ministers, P Chidambaram and P Narayanasamy, were supporting the move.G Irudairaj, Coimbatore president, Vanikar Sangankalin Peramaippu, said the life of small traders would be affected by the decision. Crores of people are employed by the retailers. Allowing FDI in retail would lead to job losses. Globalisation and liberalisation too were expected to bring economic and agricultural development in the country, but no positive change happened. Similarly, the plan to open up retail market for multi-national companies would not bring any good.Irudairaj said the Food Safety and Standard Act is draconian law introduced to support the foreign firms and meant to ruin traders and the domestic food industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17409503", "title": "Wife-beater husband killed by father-in-law", "text": "BANGALORE: A man who allegedly battered his wife regularly often was bludgeoned to death by his father-in-law in Subbanna Palya, Banaswadi on Wednesday morning.Security supervisor Babu Reddy, 45, is survived by wife Kalpana and their 14-year-old son.Banasawadi police arrested Babu's father-in-law Mohan Reddy who surrendered to them after the crime.Mohan told police he came to the city last week from his home town Chittoor. \"My daughter often complained to me about Babu's harassment. He was rude to her and would beat my daughter,\" Mohan said.On Tuesday night, Babu, allegedly in an inebriated condition, started beating Kalpana. \"I intervened and pacified him. He started beating her again at 6am Wednesday. When I tried to stop him, he manhandled me. I was furious and smashed his head with a wooden log,\" Mohan said.Murder-accused hacked to deathA 30-year-old murder-accused was hacked to death in public in Agrahara Dasarahalli, Kamakshipalya, West Bangalore on Wednesday morning. Four assailants attacked Venu alias Venugopala when he was walking near his house around 9.30am with lethal weapons and hacked him to death, police said.\"Venu had been arrested on an attempt-to-murder charge when he attacked businessman Raghavendra in 2008. He was also booked for various cases including chain-snatching and robbery,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17409109", "title": "Habitat loss threatens Bengal bears", "text": "KOLKATA: The National Bear Action Plan, released by the Centre in New Delhi on Tuesday, has sounded an alarm on shrinking bear habitat in Bengal. While over 280 hectares of bear habitat in North Bengal is under human encroachment, in South Bengal more than 5000 hectares of the animal's habitat has fallen prey to encroachment.The report revealed that more than 50% foresters have conceded before the Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) officials during a recent survey that sloth bear population is declining in all bear occupied forest divisions, except Purulia.Though the report said the protected area networks in the state are more or less secured, the areas outside the protected areas are under constant threat of degradation and shrinkage. Interestingly, most of the bear population in South Bengal is outside protected area.The report also said that the two species of bears found in the state - Asiatic Black Bear and Sloth Bear - are killed for illegal bear trade. Tribals also kill the animals during their annual hunting festival in Purulia and Jhargram.\"The habitat of Asiatic Black Bear, found in Darjeeling and Jalpaiguri, is reeling under severe anthropogenic pressure. Human population in Darjeeling and Jalpaiguri has increased by 14% in last one decade, with 42% of the forest divisions reporting human-bear conflict. These are wildlife division I and II and Kalimpong,\" said Sandeep Tiwari, deputy director, WTI.Another major hurdle for bear conservation in the state, the report said, is lack of information, with officials in 71% forest divisions reporting no research works in their areas. The last census by the state in 2004 had pegged the number of Sloth Bears in South Bengal at 200 and Asiatic Black Bears in northern parts of the state at 65.The study, fearing the double barrel attack of habitat loss and poaching against the bears, has urged the state to focus on management of bear-human interactions.\"Between 2002-03 and 2009-10, five seizures of Himalayan Black Bear/Sloth Bear and one case of bear parts were reported from the state. Though Black Bears are mostly poached for gall bladder and skin, local communities indicated that hair (62%), nails (31%) and teeth (7%) are also used for medicines. About 40% of divisional forest officers indicated that there is possible trade of bears and bear parts to neighbouring countries like Bhutan, Nepal and Bangladesh with Siliguri and Sikkim the main trade centres,\" said the report. It also said that though the state is making efforts to tackle human-bear conflicts in certain areas, this is being hindered due to insufficient and well-trained staff.Chief wildlife warden S B Mondal said that WWF-India has undertaken a camera trap study to assess the bear numbers in Senchal wildlife Sanctuary in North Bengal. \"It will determine the scale of conflict, how to solve it and help develop a bear conservation plan for Senchal, jointly with the state government,\" he added.Under SiegeBear Habitat EncroachedIn North BengalForest Division Area (in hectares)Darjeeling 41.44Wildlife II 34.9Jalpaiguri 103.4Buxa East 98.5Bear Habitat encroached In South BengalForest Division Area (in hectares)Bankura South 2300.4Midnapore 582Jhargram 1577.75Purulia 519.3Kangsabati North 525* While sloth bear is distributed both in North and South Bengal, Asiatic Black Bear is found in the hills of northern parts of Bengal* Between 1891 and 1907, the hunting parties of the Maharaja of Cooch Behar had shot 133 bears in a part of northern West Bengal and western Assam* The last census by state forest department in 2004 had pegged the number of Sloth Bears in South Bengal at 200 and Asiatic Black Bears in northern parts of the state at 65", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17408326", "title": "Gastro experts await oral treatment for hepatitis C", "text": "JAIPUR: Gastro experts are eagerly waiting for orally taken drugs to cure Hepatitis C. Currently, IV injections are used which is a costly treatment.The treatment for hepatitis C was discussed in the five-day 53rd annual conference of Indian Society of Gastroenterology which began at Birla Auditorium from Wednesday.US-based gastroenterologist Dr Paul Thuluvath focused on the treatment of Hepatitis C. While addressing doctors at the conference, he pointed out that the research on oral tablets to cure Hepatitis C is on and soon it will be introduced in the market.Focus was also laid on ribavirin, an antiviral drug which is sometimes recommended. However, it is not effective when the IV shots are not administered.The doctors said the rising cases of hepatitis C was a matter of concern and this occurred due to several reasons.More than 600 doctors attended the first day of the conference from across the country. Doctors from the continent and the US also participated in the meet.The conference organizing secretary and SMS medical college principal and controller Dr Subhash Nepalia said, \"Around 600 more doctors are expected to come on Thursday. They will share new treatment techniques and also talk about the researches in the field of gastroenterology.\"Moreover, liver diseases are on the rise following the reasons like obesity and consumption of alcohol among other things.Indian National Association for Study of the Liver (INASL) would discuss about liver diseases and the Society of Gastrointestinal Endoscopy of India (SGEI) would talk about the science and practice of gastrointestinal endoscopy.Also, there would be 28 discussions during the conference. Twelve of them would be addressed by doctors from the US and Europe while rest will be presented by Indian doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17407747", "title": "Over 6% drop in SSC winter results, HSC up by 0.51%", "text": "NAGPUR: The state's winter board exam results for Nagpur division did not live up to the expectations, with SSC results falling by 6.33% while HSC could manage a marginal 0.51% gain. In the six districts that comprise Nagpur division of the state board, Gadchiroli turned out to be the surprise package by registering a remarkable passing percentage.Among SSC exam candidates in Gadchiroli, 42.8% passed while Bhandara stood at the bottom of Nagpur division with a meagre 9.24% passing result. The Naxal affected Gadchiroli district took the top spot in HSC also, with 41.15% of the total candidates passing. Wardha district recorded the lowest figures with 15.65% candidates passing.The competition between the sexes saw the girls beating boys, marginally, in the SSC exam. While 15.28% of the girls cleared SSC exam, only 13.49% boys could make the grade.In Nagpur district, only 9.95% of the candidates managed to clear SSC exam while 17.44% of the total candidates cleared the HSC exam.Nagpur division had a mediocre performance compared to the rest of the state. In SSC exam, Nagpur division stood fourth while in HSC exam it slipped to fifth position.Nashik division topped the state's SSC chart with 24.99% passing result while Aurangabad division took the honours in the state's HSC chart with 26.28% passing result. The newly formed Konkan division, which topped the summer exam rankings, proved to a 'flash in the pan' with results in both exams disappointing. In SSC, the division could muster only a 11.44% result while its HSC results were a little better at 18%. The Konkan division stood eighth (out of nine) in SSC results while managing a marginally better seventh position in HSC results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17410003", "title": "Rise in prostate cancer cases in Karnataka: Expert", "text": "MYSORE: The rate of prostate cancer is on the rise in Karnataka. According to a population-based cancer registry data in the state, 8 of 1 lakh men are diagnosed with prostate cancer, said radiation oncologist Dr Kumar Swamy on Wednesday.Prostate cancer is the third most common type of cancer among men in the state and in general, prostate cancer constitutes 10 per cent of all types of cancer. In 1982, the incidence was three out of 1 lakh men, he said. Kumar, however, suggested that prostate cancer can be reduced by modifying lifestyle and diet.In the initial stages, prostate cancer is asymptomatic and it is curable if detected early, Kumar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407871", "title": "Let foreign patients pay more: Aiims", "text": "NEW DELHI: Should foreigners be treated for free or at subsidized rates at government hospitals in India? The country's premier hospital, All India Institute of Medical Sciences (Aiims), which has been treating a large number of such patients over the last few years, has raised this question.India is fast turning into a medical hub, attracting people from the developed world with its low-cost yet superior medical care. But it has been seen that while catering to foreigners, the medical infrastructure of the country becomes inaccessible to locals.AIIMS recently conducted an internal audit to study the profiles of international patients. It was found that around 1,000 patients came from countries such as Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Nepal, Great Britain and Mexico for surgeries and other procedures every year. The hospital, though, did not maintain any data on the number of such patients who availed OPD services.The study was conducted by one Dr Neha Jain on the data provided by the hospital. It was found that between January and June, a total of 485 international patients were admitted. Of them, 35% came in for cancer treatment, 24% for neurosurgery, 9% for heart ailments and 1% for other procedures. Altogether 31% of the patients were admitted in the building that houses departments like nephrology, medicine, paediatrics, paediatric surgery and orthopaedics among others. Majority of admissions (56%) were long-term.\"We found several instances where the patients claimed to have been helped by local 'connections' which could not be verified because details mentioned were incorrect,\" said Dr Shakti Gupta, head of the hospital administration department. He said the hospital authorities were also found to be unaware of the clauses of The Registration of Foreigners Rule, 1946, under which the local authorities have to be intimated about such patients.\"It is possible that touts/brokers are facilitating admission in the name of 'high quality treatment at lowest cost',\" Gupta added. The cost of treatment for foreign patients in public sector hospitals like Aiims is 1/100th of their home country. Private hospitals charge about 1/10th of the cost.A senior doctor said, \"Subsidized treatment of foreigners at government-run hospitals puts a lot of strain on our limited resources. It should be allowed only in emergency cases and that too with appropriate documentation. We have hundreds of patients, mostly poor people... who are denied treatment because there is long waiting list in super-specialty departments.\"The Gamma Knife Centre at Aiims, which provides surgical treatment for brain disorders, follows the concept of differential costing where the patients from abroad are charged extra. A section of the hospital staff says that a similar policy should be adopted across the centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17409721", "title": "Authorities should carry out regular trainings of staff on protection of historic monuments", "text": "It is surprising that officials of the Department of Archaeology and Museums (DAM) and Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) were completely in the dark about the dug-up pit inside Mecca Masjid even after weeks of work. The monuments in the Old City, especially the Charminar are not just structures of brick and mortar but entities which narrate true tales of events which have shaped the city and the country and should be protected in a much more serious manner. Authorities should carry out regular trainings of staff on protection of such monuments.Related story : Months after sump dug up on masjid premises, officials wake up", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17408462", "title": "Punjab Engineering College to make banking safer", "text": "CHANDIGARH: All set to gauge the lapses in security in the banking sector, the cyber security research centre of Punjab Engineering College (PEC) University of Technology will give trouble shooting remedies to banks now. This year-long project to develop software to ensure security of information with the banks will involve PEC, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and IBM India, which is funding the project.\"While the project is being funded by IBM, PEC is among the five educational institutes that will work on different projects. We are working on finding the gaps in banking sector security in an effort to make banking more secure,\" said dean, academics, at PCE Sanjeev Sofat. The officials from the cyber security research centre said the project aims at protecting information related to risk assessment before any bank decides on internal policies.Taking lessons from information security posture experienced by the banks, the project will involve preparing a \"risk priority number\", the PEC staff said. The software will be developed following the guidelines stipulated by the RBI. Both, PEC and IBM are planning to organize a conclave for the Indian banking industry in December, in order to provide a platform for bankers to share internal problems faced by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "lucknow/new delhi", "code": "17406783", "title": "PMO's clean chit to Robert Vadra", "text": "LUCKNOW/NEW DELHI: The Prime Minister's Office on Wednesday gave a clean chit to Congress president Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra in an alleged land scam involving realty major DLF, telling the Allahabad high court that the allegation against him appear to be false, vexatious and based on hearsay.The PMO was responding to the HC's directive to file an affidavit in response to a PIL demanding the Central government probe the allegations against Vadra made by activist-turned-politician Arvind Kejriwal.\"The petition is driven by a desire for publicity and seems to be actuated by political considerations rather than public interest. It was unnecessarily dragged into the case through this petition in Allahabad High Court,\" the PMO affidavit before the Lucknow Bench of the Allahabad HC said.The PIL was filed by activist Nutan Thakur and the court had asked the PMO to give its views on probing allegations against Robert Vadra.In the affidavit, filed by Dheeraj Gupta, joint secretary in the PMO, it was stated that the case of Vadra and DLF was a matter between two individuals and a purely business transaction. It was also said that both parties have already explained their positions and hence the allegations made seem to be \"false, vexatious and based on hearsay.\" Further, the affidavit accuses Nutan of filing the PIL based solely on newspaper reports.The court is expected to hear the case on Thursday. Asok Pande is the counsel of the petitioner.Nutan Thakur had first sent a representation to the PMO demanding inquiry into the allegations against Vadra and DLF. When she did not get a response, she filed a PIL. On October 11, a division bench comprising Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice VK Dixit heard the PIL and granted three weeks to the Centre for filing objections on the petition.Kejriwal had alleged that Vadra was favoured by realty major DLF, a charge denied by both. He had also alleged that Vadra had bought property worth crores of rupees between 2007-2010 with an unsecured interest free loan given by DLF.Thakur had said that some of the basic questions highlighted by media were unanswered, including the fact that how a company could grow to Rs 500 crore worth with an initial investment of mere Rs 50 lakh. She had also requested the PMO to officially explain the facts before the people of this country as to how and why exactly this happened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17407466", "title": "'Co-productions needed in India'", "text": "PANAJI: Indian cinema lags far behind in co-productions with other countries. This sentiment was expressed during a discussion on 'exploring new horizons: international co-productions' at the 43rd International film festival of India (Iffi) 2012.National award-winning film director Shaji Karun expressed the view that selecting subjects is probably the problem contributing to the lack of Indian co-productions.Karun said co-productions help filmmakers avail of better technology as well as technical personnel and artistes from other countries.The Padma Shri winner stated that his first co-production was with a French producer and this enabled him to screen the movie it at the Cannes film festival as there was a French connection to the film. Karun said \"50-60% of films shown at Cannes have some level of French involvement.\" Karun's 1989 film Piravi found mention at Cannes.\"Co-productions allow filmmakers an opportunity to make subjects that have global appeal,\" he opined.Marion Klotz, an executive at Memento films, was of the view that \"co-productions are a way to open to other cultures, to tell other stories and other cinema.\"She noted that \"international co-productions were very important for (films aiming for) the international market.\" Klotz also observed that many French producers were increasingly working with South Asian directors. She felt that for a film to be eligible to be a co-production, it should have an international commercial potential.Bhuvan Lall, who was moderating the discussion, felt that international co-productions were now the trend and hoped Indian filmmakers would soon follow suit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17407566", "title": "Curtorim villagers firm on opposing housing complex", "text": "MARGAO: Curtorim villagers have expressed their firm resolve to oppose the proposed multi-dwelling housing complex at Dantoloi, Vagulem, Maina-Curtorim as the panchayat body has called the builder on December 4 for discussions before their decide on the issue.\"After the gram sabha, the panchayat had a meeting where it was decided to call the builder and discuss the issue with him in view of strong opposition of the villagers to the project,\" said deputy sarpanch Santan Rodrigues.During the special gram sabha chaired by Rodrigues in Curtorim last Sunday, villagers passed a resolution opposing the construction of a housing complex and had expressed their fear that if they had to give permissions, a precedent would have been set and other real estate projects would be allowed to be constructed in their village despite their opposition.The villagers had raised a host of objections to the approval of the construction license, including complaints that the housing project would pollute the neighbouring agricultural lands, lack of garbage disposal facilities in Curtorim and that the proposed road widening for the project would displace existing houses on the side of the road.\"The proposed project will adversely affect drinking and irrigation water used by hundreds of families as the main nallah carrying storm water from the hill to the fields below lies along the edge of the proposed urban settlement\" said local resident Abhijit Prabhudesai adding that the villagers were dead against the project.The high court had on September 25 disposed of a writ petition filed by the real estate developer with directions to the panchayat body to take a decision on the application of Talak Homes &amp; Estate dated January 20, 2008 as expeditiously as possible and in any event, within 12 weeks from the date of the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17407876", "title": "Criminal held with firearm at Guruwar Peth", "text": "PUNE: The Khadak police on Wednesday arrested a criminal on police records and seized a country-made pistol and a cartridge from his possession.The police team led by inspector Sandipan Sawant arrested Amol Bandopant Hulawale (27) of Kasba Peth.Sawant said that assistant police inspector Sambhaji Shirke had received a tip-off that Hulawale would be coming to Guruwar Peth with the firearm. \"We laid a trap and nabbed him,\" he said.\"Hulawale has cases of body offences registered against him with the Hinjewadi and the Faraskhana police stations,\" Sawant said.The investigating team comprised police constables Sanjay Gaikwad, Ajay Thorat, Shailendra Jagtap and Mahendra Pawar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "frankfurt", "code": "17407934", "title": "New-age Japanese Encephalitis vaccine to be available soon", "text": "FRANKFURT: A new age single dose vaccine with over 90% protection rate against Japanese Encephalitis (JE), which kills thousands of Indian children every year, will soon be available in the country.The vaccine Imojev, made by French pharma giant Sanofi Pasteur, can be used for immunization of those 12 months and older and has undergone successful multi-centre studies in the US, Australia, Thailand and the Philippines with more than 2,400 adults and 2,200 children receiving the vaccine.A pivotal Phase III study in adults showed that a single dose of Imojev is as good as three doses of other vaccines available.A single administration of the latest vaccine also elicited a protective level of neutralizing antibodies in approximately 93% and 99% of subjects 14 days and 28 days after vaccine administration, respectively. Over 84% of adults were still sero-protected five years after vaccination.A Phase III study in children showed that approximately 95% of JE virus naive subjects were sero-protected 28 days after a single dose of the vaccine. The vaccine was well tolerated and there were no safety concerns.Dr Elias Zerhouni, global president of Sanofi's R&D; division, said, \"We will soon launch the new age vaccine against JE in India.\"Jean Lang, head of Sanofi's dengue vaccine programme, added, \"The single dose injectible JE vaccine is ready and will be available in Australia and Thailand at the end of this month. It provides around 90% protection on those older than 12 months. We are in discussions with India's drug controller general about licensing the vaccine for India.\"According to Dr Lang, the development of this JE vaccine started way back in 1998. Approximately 30,000 to 50,000 people suffer from JE annually, mostly in Asia.Officials in India's health ministry said India has been totally dependent on China for its supply of the vaccine against JE. India has been importing the Chinese SA14-14-2 anti-JE vaccine from China National Biotech Group's Chengdu Institute since 2006, after an outbreak of JE killed over 1,800 people in the country.The Chinese vaccine is made from a live attenuated virus (live cells like bacteria grown in laboratory, infected with the JE virus and then purified to make the vaccine) and is also a single shot vaccine. However, a ministry official said \"it provides 60 to 70% protection\".In 2006, India imported 12 million doses of the anti-JE vaccine from China and immunized 9.3 million children from 11 districts in four states. In 2007, India imported 21 million doses of the vaccine and vaccinated 18.5 million children from 27 districts.A ministry official said, \"We have been vaccinating 1-15 year olds in India with this Chinese vaccine ever since 2006. We have used it in 113 districts of 15 states. We require around 115 lakh to 350 lakh doses every year.\"JE, a mosquito-borne virus, affects the central nervous system. The JE virus is transmitted to humans via the bite of an infected mosquito. The mosquitoes usually get infected when feeding on domestic pigs carrying the virus.The Cabinet recently approved a proposal for a comprehensive multi pronged strategy for the prevention and control of JE and Acute Encephalitis Syndrome (AES). The plan will be implemented in 60 priority districts for a period of five years till 2017 jointly by the ministries of health, drinking water and sanitation, social justice and empowerment, housing and urban poverty alleviation and women and child development.Focused interventions will be done in the states of Assam, Bihar, Tamil Nadu, Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal. The major activities will include public health interventions, expansion of JE vaccination, improved case management, medical and social rehabilitation, improved provisions of drinking water and sanitation in rural and urban areas and improved nutrition.The National Japanese Encephalitis Programme is expected to cost Rs 3,354 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "medak", "code": "17407508", "title": "Krishna Yadav rejoins TDP", "text": "Medak: Former labour minister Krishna Yadav rejoined the TDP on Wednesday in the presence of party supremo Nara Chandrababu Naidu at Alipur village under Narayanakhed constituency of Medak district on Wednesday. Krishna Yadav was expelled from the party after he was accused of being part of the multi-crore Telgi stamp papers scam. He was arrested and spent three years in jail.Krishna Yadav joined as ordinary party worker in 1985 and was elected thrice from Himayatnagar assembly constituency in Hyderabad. He met Naidu recently and expressed his desire to rejoin the party. Naidu referred the matter to his senior colleagues who reported that except for some minor cases, there were no major criminal cases against Krishna Yadav. Sources say he is looking to contest from Amberpet constituency this time.However, his readmission did not go well with his colleagues, especially with party leader Talasani Srinivas Yadav and other party activists. Few of them even met Naidu three days back to complain that his inclusion would spoil the reputation of the party in the current situation where TDP is up in arms against YSR Congress party's corruption. On the other hand Krishna Yadav brushed aside any differences with other leaders. \"I have come to work in unity for the benefit of TDP\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17407723", "title": "Vice-chancellors will tell farmers about FDI: Governor", "text": "PUNE: State governor K Sankaranarayanan said that vice-chancellors of agricultural universities in the state have been asked to meet farmers' associations and groups across the state and explain to them the benefits of foreign direct investment (FDI) in retail.\"The vice-chancellors will meet farmers and discuss with them the concept of FDI and how it is set to make them better entrepreneurs. It will not result in their exploitation,\" Sankaranarayanan said in the city after unveiling a 12-ft statue of social reformer Mahatma Jyotiba Phule at the University of Pune (UoP) on Wednesday.\"Farmers are opposing the policy fearing that it will weaken their position in the market. However, it will not harm them, but strengthen them in many ways. The benefits are many to the farmers.\"Meanwhile, the unveiling of Phule's statue was pending for the past five years due to several controversies surrounding it. Chhagan Bhujbal , state public works department minister, had donated the statue to the UoP. Bhujbal was also present on the occasion. He said that Phule has played an important role in laying the foundation stone of the education system in the country.Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan, who was the chief guest for the function, said, \"Social reforms in our country have been successful due to the efforts of Mahatma Phule. He encouraged women empowerment through education despite facing a lot of opposition and that is why we see successful women in every field today.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17409050", "title": "Vigilance probe into Kochi Biennale", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The government has ordered a vigilance inquiry into irregularities in utilisation of funds by Kochi Muziris Biennale Foundation but stopped short of blacklisting the foundation. The state cabinet that met here also decided not to release more funds to the biennale and to withdraw all government nominees from the foundation's committee.\"The vigilance inquiry has been ordered based on the report of the financial inspection wing. It found irregularities in the utilisation of Rs 5 crore given by the LDF government. Certain government officials had ignored norms for government funds and the inquiry will see who they were,'' minister K C Joseph said.The government also asked the foundation not to use the government emblem or the logo of Lalithakala Academy. However, Durbar Hall at Ernakulam will be provided free of cost to the foundation as decided earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17408117", "title": "Railway staffer killed after his car turned turtle", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A railway employee was allegedly killed after his car turned turtle on the Raj Nagar Extension road in Ghaziabad late on Tuesday night. Police said as the victim had been speeding, his car overturned when he took a sharp turn.The victim, Arjit Gupta, stayed at Brij Vihar. He was returning to Ghaziabad in his Alto after attending a wedding in Noida, added cops. Gupta was undergoing training as a technician with the railways.\"We are not sure of the exact cause for the accident, though prima facie, it is a case of speeding,\" said a senior police officer. Police said the sharp turn on stretch has made it accident-prone. \"We are waiting for the postmortem report to ascertain if the victim was drunk at the time of the accident,\" said a cop.After the accident Gupta's car crashed into the ditch below the road, causing severe injuries to his head and chest. \"He managed to get out of the car but died outside due to excessive bleeding and trauma,\" said the police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17408861", "title": "Mystery shrouds body in gutted car", "text": "CHENNAI: Mystery persists over the discovery of a charred body in a gutted car in Neelankarai on Tuesday. Investigators, who retrieved the half-burnt registration plate of the Maruti Zen (TN 22 E 3940), found the car belonged to Anbu Kamal, 32, who owns a paint shop on Valmiki Street in Thiruvanmiyur. A piece of bone from the gutted body has been preserved and police plan to send it to a laboratory for a DNA test.Kamal's wife Sheela had filed a complaint with the Thiruvanmiyur police saying her husband was missing. Kamal, who had purchased the car recently, was the seventh owner. \"We are making inquiries with his family members,\" an investigating officer said.On Tuesday, the security guard of a private company in Neelankarai was the first to spot the burning car. \"Thick smoke was emanating from it. The guard rushed near and saw a man inside. He tried to open the door but couldn't as the car has a central locking system,\" a police officer said.\"The fire was out of control. He informed some of the employees of the company and brought them there. By then, the car was almost completely gutted and there was a body on the front seat engulfed by flames,\" the officer added.Soon, fire and rescue services personnel reached the place and put out the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17407977", "title": "TCS to start construction work within two weeks", "text": "INDORE: IT giant TCS has decided to start construction work at its proposed site at Super Corridor in Indore within a fortnight, after getting concrete assurance from the state government for giving mandatory clearances through single window system and providing basic civic infrastructure at the place.TCS that has been allotted 100 acre land at the Super Corridor for setting up its unit, will now start initial construction work with a boundary wall within two weeks duration.\"Land deeds have been signed during the recently held global investors' summit and now the government has promised to give necessary clearance with ease through the single window system. Satisfied with the promises and pro-activeness of the government, we have decided to start the construction of a boundary wall at the allotted land in two weeks time,\" said project manager of TCS Praveen Kumar . He said that the next phase of work will commence as soon as the company gets other mandatory clearances. The works are in advanced stage and are expected to get approval at the earliest, following which they will submit their plan, he said.Divisional commissioner Prabhat Parashar said IT companies had some queries which were satisfied by the department concerned. They wanted to know whether they could get temporary power connection to start work at the site. MPEB officials have assured that they will get power as and when the company asks for.Companies allotted land at the Corridor have no power connections and civic infrastructure like sewerage, water supply etc.Parashar said that the department concerned had made a presentation before the company officials briefing them about the plan to develop infrastructure. To provide power at the Corridor, a Rs 145 crore plan is ready and the process of preparing DPR for laying water pipeline has been initiated. Parashar has instructed the Indore Development Authority (IDA) to inform the respective departments like fire, police and electricity about the land reserved for them so that the department concerned can prepare its plan and implement it on time.IDA CEO Deepak Singh said 40 MLD of water will be supplied to the Corridor from Yeshwant Sagar. The Authority is preparing a DPR for the nearly 14 km long pipeline. The DPR is expected to be complete within two months. Place has also been earmarked for fire and police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17407570", "title": "Months after sump dug up on masjid premises, officials wake up", "text": "HYDERABAD: Weeks after a 15-20 feet pit was dug up inside the Mecca Masjid complex for building a water tank and local complaints of how it has become an eyesore, the Department of Archaeology and Museums (DAM) which protects the structure, said it has not given any permission.Any excavation at the Mecca Masjid needs permission of DAM while the Archeological Survey of India which protects Charminar does not usually allow any construction near 300 meters of the historic structure. It has recently issued notices to several groups after finding constructions taking place without permission.\"We will depute an officer tomorrow to check the status of this excavation and will take appropriate action,\" GV Ramakrishna, director of DAM told TOI, when asked about the dug-up pit at the masjid.Authorities are building a sump with a capacity of five lakh litres at an estimated cost of Rs 35 lakh to cater to the routine maintenance of the mosque and needs of worshippers. The need for water at the mosque remains critical which was not addressed due to technical problems and the recent spate of communal incidents.The excavation was started by the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) about weeks ago.Surprised observers including heritage activists pointed out that despite the plans for the sump being drawn a year ago and execution work starting in September this year, the DAM still remains either indifferent to development activity in the mosque or has been caught napping while cranes and bulldozers are clearing soil and boulders near the proposed tank area.Officials of the HMWS&SB; had no answers when they were asked if they sought permission from DAM but pushed the blame on the roads and buildings department. \"We are not certain if permission has been sought from the archaeology department. This is because the work was allotted to us when the R&B; department had failed to take it up,\" an official from the HMWS&SB; said, on the request of anonymity.The official added that he would have to sift through documents to check if DAM's permission was sought in the first place.After excavation, a concrete bed would be laid which would be followed by laying a steel base for reinforcement.Meanwhile, chemical conservation of the Mecca Masjid has resumed with fungus, moss and lichen being removed from the maqbara. The marble lattices will also be cleaned using preservatives. According to deputy director Trimurthy Raju, the maintenance work is supposed to be completed by December 20.\"Around 3,600 square metres of the monument will be chemically cleaned. The delay is on account of the more than 100 feet height of the facade and walls. Further, it is required that we carry out work carefully and not at breakneck speed,\" he said.Times ViewIt is surprising that officials of the Department of Archaeology and Museums (DAM) and Archaeological Survey of India ( ASI) were completely in the dark about the dug-up pit inside Mecca Masjid even after weeks of work. The monuments in the Old City, especially the Charminar are not just structures of brick and mortar but entities which narrate true tales of events which have shaped the city and the country and should be protected in a much more serious manner. Authorities should carry out regular trainings of staff on protection of such monuments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17408786", "title": "Fog delays 33 flights", "text": "BANGALORE: If you are planning to travel by an early morning flight, think again. Foggy mornings are delaying flights scheduled to depart from BIA.BIA authorities admitted that thick fog delayed 22 departures and 11 arrivals on Wednesday. Two flights were diverted to Chennai. Similar disruptions have been happening for the last couple of days, they said.Bommanahalli resident Kamal Kumar Shekar's flight to Mumbai was delayed by over 90 minutes. The flight was to depart at 5.55am but left around 7.30am and reached Mumbai at 9.30am. \"Thankfully, the connecting flight from Mumbai was after a gap of three hours from the time I was scheduled to reach there. We got really worried when the cabin crew announced that the flight will be delayed due to thick fog cover around BIA,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17407843", "title": "Water, Raj Nagar land may rock NMC general body", "text": "NAGPUR: The general body meeting on Thursday is likely to be stormy with issues related to water supply, sanitation and Rajnagar land on the agenda. Besides, the BJP-led ruling group is all set to put an end to its internal dispute by nominating one of its corporators to the NIT's board of trustees.Mayor Anil Sole has been convening general body meeting each month regularly. Thursday's is special meeting. Sole may not allow discussion on issues other than those in the agenda. Sole included election of a corporator as NIT trustee in the agenda. It means the issue has been resolved. The ruling party kept the proposal pending due to infighting. Corporators Avinash Thakre, Ravindra alias Chhotu Bhoyar and Balya Borkar are frontrunners for the post. BJP's parliamentary board met on Wednesday to finalize the name.Sources told TOI that the corporators from opposition group may raise the issue related to Raj Nagar land pending since August. The town planning department has proposed to delete reservation of town hall on the land. It has invited strong protest from corporator Dr Prashant Chopra who alleged it would benefit the builders. The opposition may also raise issues related to water supply and sanitation as the administration failed to solve these problems.It will be interesting to see whether the general body will put an end to the proposal for reduction of octroi on gold , silver, edible oils and 13 other types of goods. The state government asked NMC to reconsider the proposal saying it would result in revenue loss of Rs 5.50 crore per annum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17408001", "title": "Govt mulling desalination project in Vizag", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The state government is toying with the idea of setting up a desalination plant in Vizag which will not only cater to the drinking water needs in residential areas but also the water requirements of industries in the city.The government is planning to take up this project on a trial basis and is currently in the process of estimating the project cost, viability of the technology and required land for the project, minister for industries and infrastructure, ports, airports and natural gas, Ganta Srinivasa Rao told TOI after a high-level meeting held at the Secretariat in Hyderabad on Wednesday. Muncipal administration and urban development (MAUD) minister M Mahidhar Reddy and principal secretary, MAUD, Sam Bob were present at the meeting.Dubai-based consultant Orange management is understood to have made a power point presentation on desalination of sea water and its possibilities.The government is mulling the project as the Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation (GVMC) is unable to cope up with the increasing demand for the drinking water and the needs of the growing industries in the city.At present, the city's total demand is 80 MGD (million gallons per day), but supply is only around 55 MGD to 57 MGD in the Greater City, with nearly 56 MGD being supplied to domestic consumers. The city has a population of 20 lakh or nearly 4.5 lakh households, of which only 1.5 lakh households have domestic connections and another 70,000 are bulk connections.The various proposed projects in Visakhapatnam district like PCPIR too require water even as the requirement of existing players like Vizag Steel Plant are going up due to expansions.The meeting also discussed the water needs of Hyderabad and Tirupati that have been reeling under severe shortage over the past few years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17408791", "title": "Style sessions make teachers smarter in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: \"You don't look good in green. Don't wear green clothes,\" a Class VII student of a prominent city school told his teacher. The teacher burst out laughing, but the boy's remark took her by surprise.Kavita Ghosh was also taken aback when a student walked up to her and asked her which shampoo she uses. \"She interrogated me on my shampoo brand. I told her I use whatever I get my hands on. I also told her about the importance of oil and nutritious food for shiny and silky hair. I couldn't help but realize how much kids observe,\" says Kavita, who teaches at DPS South, Bangalore.Chipped nail polish, sloppy attire, gaudy make-up and uncoordinated clothing can put off kids, who are not past giving their teachers the once-over. Teaching in style is the latest mantra. And city schools have gone a step ahead and are organizing 'fashion talks' and sessions on how to dress up for teachers. Professionals guide them on how to look presentable on the job.\"Children notice a lot about what their teachers wear -- if the footwear goes well with the attire, or if the hair is pinned back properly. Today's children want their teachers to look their best,\" says Indraani Sudarshan, education head, Ebenezer International School.School heads feel it's very important for kids to connect with teachers at the appearance level. \"We have sessions for teachers where professionals advise them on what to wear and what not to -- from colour coordination to how a dupatta should be draped. If a child does not connect with the teacher, he or she will never be interested in listening to what the teacher says,\" says Sarojini Rao, principal, Indus International School.Inquisitive pairs of eyes follow teachers everywhere, even noticing whether they look dreamy or dull. According to Michelle Saline, fashion designer, such sessions have become the need of the hour. \"Today kids are so aware of fashions and current trends that they cannot help but observe their teachers. They don't realize that their teachers are too busy to make up,\" says Michelle, who conducted a 'fashion talk' for teachers of Delhi Public School, South, recently.According to experts, the last-minute 'mirror job' is a must for a teacher before entering class. Sonali Malhotra, image and etiquette consultant who's conducting such sessions at Indus International School says, \"Teachers are role models for students. If a student likes a teacher, that particular subject becomes a favourite. Sadly, most teachers prefer to dress down than up. The advice we give teachers is to dress in a monochromatic manner. Nails should be properly shaped with light shades of polish. We ask them to refrain from bright colours and to take care of their heels. Hairstyles should not distract students.\"MAKE-UP TIPSApply kohl on the eyesPin up the sariEnsure lips are not crackedHands and feet are manicured and pedicuredCarry neutral coloured handbags (beige, black, steel grey)Wear flat footwear with bead and stone workLook into the mirror and ask yourself, 'Am I looking good today?'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17410191", "title": "Crops in Jalna district most affected by rainfall deficit", "text": "AURANGABAD: The state government's decision to release nine thousand million cubic (TMC) feet of water from the upstream dams into the Jayakwadi reservoir will solely be reserved to meet the drinking water needs of the region. No provision for water has been made for irrigation purposes.This combined with the 57 % rainfall deficit in the region this year has hit cultivation of wheat, jowar and gram that cover almost 70 % of the total agricultural land. Rabi crops are expected to yield better results than kharif.Out of the eight districts that comprise Marathwada region, three have been worst affected. Jalna is the most affected district in the Aurangabad division, which has received less than 50 % rainfall as compared to Beed and Aurangabad which received almost 65 % of average rainfall. The average annual rainfall received by the region is 650 mm.Satish Shiradkar, divisional statistician of the agriculture department at the Aurangabad division, said, \"Six blocks of the Aurangabad division, namely, Aurangabad, Beed, Ashti, Patoda, Gevrai and Shirurkasar have received less than average rainfall this year.\"Shiradkar said that out of the one lakh hectare area of kharif crop land that is cultivated annually in the region, nearly 20 thousand hectares will only be cultivated this year. \"Around 80 per cent of the agricultural land will not be cultivated as water for irrigation is not available,\" he said.Wheat being a major kharif crop grown in the region, irrigation mainly depends on the groundwater sources. However, due to less rainfall received by the region, the groundwater sources have not been able to recharge. Wheat cultivation is completely dependent on irrigation said Shiradkar.\"Almost 90 % of the total wheat cultivation will be affected in Jalna, while almost 70 % of wheat cultivation will be affected in Beed and Aurangabad will have less than 60 % of wheat cultivation, \"he added.As for the rabi season , Shiradkar said, \"Jowar is the main crop cultivated in the region. Due to the rainfall received from Nilam storm during mid-season, it has shown good yield and also on quality.\"Due to the less agricultural activity this season, more than one crore farmers and their families have been affected. \"It is too early to predict about the yield and losses that will occur as the sowing season continues till January end, \"he said. The division mainly depends on Jayakwadi reservoir, Nandur - Madhmeshwar and Vaijapur water supply schemes for irrigation purposes, but they have also not been recharged during monsoon.Shiradkar said that even though rabi and jowar has been cultivated, a considerable portion will be used only for fodder for cattle as insufficient water will not allow the crop to grow up to grain levels.The situation will be able to be analysed by the December end to predict the complete yield of the cultivated land. He said that the department had prospects to implement National Food Security Scheme and its demonstration, if the region received good rainfall. However, the plans have been kept on hold for now.The groundwater sources in Jalna region have already gone dry while the existing groundwater charges may not sustain in coming months.The major markets for selling crop produce in the region are Lasur station and Jalna gram market. A majority of the produce is supplied to surrounding markets of Ahmednagar, Nashik, Khandesh, Vidharbha and rest of Maharashtra from Jalna market.Maize is another crop cultivated, of which around 70 per cent is used for fodder and the rest meet the industrial demands for the production of starch.However, the total crop production is not expected to affect, as it will be compensated from the crop production from Parbhani, Solapur, Pune, Sangli, Ahmednagar, Osmanabad and some parts of Aurangabad.\"Rabi production will be clear by December end, however, it will have considerable reduction on all crops due to late sowing this year, Shiradkar told.Yogeshwar Chavan, district convenor of Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatna said, \"The farming activities have been affected drastically this season, only 25 per cent of land has been able to be cultivated due to less rainfall.\"Chavan said that out of the 273 villages in Kannad taluka, more than 100 villages have started depending on tankers for drinking water purposes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17408659", "title": "Decision on financial powers for heads of departments today", "text": "NASHIK: The decision on extending financial powers to the heads of departments (HoDs) of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) is likely at the standing committee meeting on Thursday.The civic administration has chalked out a proposal to increase the financial powers of the HoDs of the NMC up to Rs 10 lakh per year. The proposal will be tabled on Thursday for approval.If the standing committee approves the proposal, the HoDs like water supplies, PWD, town planning, health and other departments will have the power to spend in an emergency.Meanwhile, a stormy discussion is expected on the proposal. The civic panel's chairman Uddhav Nimse is against the proposal. He said the administration must take approval of the standing committee for expenses and there is no need for such financial powers.Moreover, three different proposals to approve the expenditure of the works, amounting to Rs 7 lakh, carried out already, is to be tabled for approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17409415", "title": "Girl's death shrouded in mystery", "text": "RANCHI: Mystery shrouds the death of Puja Sahdeo whose body was recovered from her house at Kute on the outskirts of the city on Wednesday.SP (rural) Asim Vikrant Minz said police received information about a woman having committed suicide by shooting herself with a rifle when no one was there in the house. \"A team of policemen along with experts from the state forensic science laboratory recovered the body. We have taken the body and the weapon in custody,\" said Minz adding that the woman apparently died because of gunshot injury in the abdomen.Police will send the body for postmortem on Thursday. In the meanwhile, fingerprints and other evidences from the spot will be collected. \"We are trying to collect information from the in-laws of the woman and her parents to ascertain the reason behind the death. The preliminary information collected by police from both the sides is contradictory. While the in-laws claim that she committed suicide, the parents of the woman say that she was murdered,\" said the SP. Former RJD MLA Girinath Singh, the uncle of the woman, too claimed that she was murdered. \"Anyone who knows the length of rifle can easily infer that one can't commit suicide by firing bullet anywhere below the chest,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17408782", "title": "She hacks it in a man's world", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Among the few butcher shops that dot Jamalpur Chakla, it's hard to ignore Faridabanu Kureshi , sharpening her knife before readying some chicken for sale. She is the lone woman who mans a popular butcher shop in this city - the Nofil chicken centre. She wields a butcher's knife with aplomb as other men do around her. With her knife she claims, she could even mince meat within minutes-like her counterparts. Life as a butcher is not easy, says Faridabanu, whose husband Mohammed has to resist taunts and prejudices from community members.\"We were broke and had a family to feed. My husband needed regular customers and for that he had leave the shop for marketing. I chipped in and volunteered to handle the responsibility seven years ago, while he found new customers,\" says Faridabanu. As women are not supposed to kill animals, I have an assistant in my shop. I do the rest of the cutting and selling. \"I had to learn this art of cutting fast as customers prefer various sizes of chicken meat. I remember how my hands trembled when I lifted the butcher knife for the first time. It was heavy. But slowly I was comfortable with it,\" says Faridabanu.Her husband Mohammed says, \"I am proud she handles the shop and I am not insecure like other men, who worry that that their wives cannot look after the family in the husband's absence. She is comfortable doing the job, that is all that matters to me. I do not care much of what people say about us.\"Faridabanu was sewing clothes to make ends meet till a few years ago, only to realize that she would not earn much from the profession. \"Selling bangles, sewing clothes were other businesses that I was considering, but there is more money in operating a butcher shop.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17410920", "title": "Rajinikanth to work with Mani Ratnam", "text": "The moment we come across two big names who are about to team up, we certainly get awestruck. If we ask in Kollywood, whether these two names are getting ready for a single project, they are saying yes.Reports have that Superstar Rajinikanth is once again getting ready to star in sensational director Mani Ratnam's forthcoming flick. The last outing of these two stalwarts of South India was 'Dhalapathi' in 1991. Afterwards, both rose to different levels and never joined hands together.Rajinikanth is currently wrapping his dubbing part for 'Kochadaiayan' (Vikram Simha in Telugu), while Mani is finishing the post-production of 'Kadal'. After finishing the ventures in hands, this combo is said to be gearing for a sensational project.Rajini's super stardom and Mani's realistic sensationalism is a treat to watch if the film materializes. Before all this, superstar's fans can enjoy the treat of 'Shivaji' movie's 3D version from his upcoming birthday, December 12th!Source: www.gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17409215", "title": "Capital neglect for state emblem replica", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The replica of the Konark horse, adapted as the state emblem of Odisha in 1964, installed at the busy Master Canteen Square in the city has fallen victim to neglect.Bushes, political posters and promotional banners have defaced the statue. Ask the BMC and the BDA, the two development agencies in the state capital, and they conveniently pass the buck on the other. \"It was modeled on the state emblem but neither the government nor the public cared to maintain this piece of art,\" said Raghunath Mohapatra, who sculpted the 18-ft long and 15-ft high statue. The government installed it in 1980.Mohapatra said the sculpture was his tribute to Bhubaneswar, which become the state capital in 1948, even though the government was yet to pay him the full promised amount of Rs one lakh. But the lack of upkeep hurts the master craftsman. \"It pains me to see political parties pasting posters on the sculpture,\" he added. Such is the state-of-affairs that the statue is hardly visible from behind the iron barricades that surround it due to plant overgrowth.The BDA maintains the park where the statue is installed but the development agency's officers argued it is the BMC's job to clear the mess around it. On the other hand, BMC officials said the park belonged to BDA and it should maintain and conserve the statue.Chief horticulturist of BDA Ashok Dhar admitted the statue needs immediate repair. While parts of the statue had chipped off, tying of ropes and pasting of posters have severely damaged and defaced it. \"The BMC gives permission for putting up posters and banners in and around the city. It is also for the corporation to pull down hoardings, posters and banners put up without permission,\" Dhar said.Refuting the allegations, Bhubaneswar Mayor Ananta Narayan Jena said, \"The park and the statue are under the BDA. We have no role in its maintenance.\" He, however, assured to clear up the mess around the statue.Dhar informed there was a proposal to shift the statue but nothing has been finalized yet. \"For better maintenance of the park and to lend it a heritage look, we had earlier erected stone boundary around it. We had to revert to iron barricades following numerous complaints of nuisance inside the park,\" he said.Abasar Beuria, a former diplomat and ex- convener of Bhubaneswar chapter of the Indian National Trust for Arts and Cultural Heritage (Intach), said, \"The sculpture has a history and it conveys some message. It was installed not only to beautify the city but also as a symbol of Odisha's pride. It is shocking to see the statue in its present state with the government showing little regard to its maintenance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17408480", "title": "Patna University Students' Union, a launching pad for many netas", "text": "PATNA: The forthcoming Patna University Students' Union (PUSU) election, being held on December 11 after a gap of 28 years, has raised the political aspirations of many student leaders who are girding up their loins to join the fray and the bandwagon of active politics.In fact, PUSU has served as a launching pad for many politicians. Several PU student leaders have earned name and fame in the political world. Ever since the first PUSU election in 1959 (Shailesh Chandra Mishra was elected president and the union was inaugurated by the then defence minister V K Krishna Menon at Patna Science College ground), elections were held almost regularly until 1984. In 1973, Lalu Prasad, Sushil Kumar Modi and Ravi Shankar Prasad were elected PUSU president, general secretary and assistant general secretary, respectively. While Prasad had contested from Samajwadi Yuvjan Sabha, Modi and Ravi Shankar had contested from Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parisad. Earlier, Ram Jatan Sinha had also been elected PUSU president.Following the 1974 students' movement and promulgation of national emergency, no elections were held for the next four years. ABVP-sponsored candidate, Ashwini Kumar Choubey, was elected president of the union in 1978. In 1980, Anil Kumar Sharma was elected president. The last PUSU elections were held in 1984 in which Shambhu Sharma and Ranbir Nandan were elected president and general secretary, respectively.But, after 1984, when the Congress government was in power in the state, the powers that be preferred not to hold elections as, they thought, elections would promote caste war and violence. Even when the student leaders of JP movement came to power, they avoided elections to the union for some obvious reasons.The Bihar State Universities Act, 1976, and the Patna University Act, 1976, provide for students' union at the university level for raising the causes and grievances of students. The trend of students actively participating in politics began in the early 20th century when the country was fighting for independence. Political parties at that time sought the support of young college students who organized themselves happily to help one party or another. This trend continued even after independence, said PU's retired professor of political science, Bachoo Sinha.However, the students' participation in active politics increased following the 1974 movement led by Loknayak Jayaprakash Narain. Many of those who took active part in this agitation occupied political centre stage at the national and state levels, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17409149", "title": "Rosy success for florist", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Life may not have been a bed of roses but it did leave him with a lasting fragrance. Sarat Narayan Mohanty's sprawling 20-acre rose garden in Mallikmunda village in Subarnapur district has flower vendors of four districts make a beeline for the bouquet of love.Sarat's fascination for the king of flowers took roots at an early age. \"My love for roses bloomed during my school days. I would stealthily pluck roses from the school garden and keep them by my bedside for days together,\" he said. Now, he has branched out with floriculture, the nature's way.The 35-year-old started with 100 saplings of rose, which he had bought from the horticulture department, on a small patch of land. The next three years saw him tending to plants which produced 2,000 flowers daily. There is a huge demand for all the four popular varieties of roses which he grows.Sarat invests 40 per cent of his monthly turnover of Rs 1 lakh on growing rose plants. He had taken a loan of Rs 18 lakh from the horticulture department on 50 per cent subsidy, the second year, to expand his business. \"I have incorporated modern methods of rose cultivation with the guidance of the department,\" he said.While his roses travel all the way to Balangir, Sonepur, Boudh and Kalahandi, he now plans to open branches at these places for the convenience of the vendors and quick payment.The Deputy Director of Horticulture (DDH), Radhashyam Patra, said Sarat will enjoy support once he gets a grade as per the norms. \"The scope for growth is limited as of now. Once he is graded as per the guidelines, the loan inflow will increase and the horticulture department will procure more rose saplings from him,\" Patra said. Sarat has already created a model nursery, which is rare in Odisha, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17407454", "title": "Comunidade polls from Dec 2 to January 27", "text": "The elections to the managing committees of the state's 210 comunidades, which are often described as village republics, for the triennium 2013-2016 will be conducted in a phased manner from December 2 to January 27, 2013. A major chunk of the comunidade bodies are in coastal talukas, with Salcete alone accounting for 40, 66 in Bardez, Bicholim and Pernem, 56 in Ponda and Tiswadi, 24 in Quepem, 14 in Mormugao and six each in Canacona and Sanguem talukas. The jonoeiros and shareholders of the comunidades have been requested to cast their vote in the usual meeting places of these bodies with the requisite identity proof.Craftspersons to get free stalls at Lokotsav: Craftspersons registered under the Goa handicrafts rural and small scale industries development corporation, RDA, handicrafts marketing and service extension centre, etc, will be provided stalls free of cost at Lokotsav, the 14{+t}{+h} national level art and crafts fair to be held from January 7-16, 2013. Application forms will be available at the department of art and culture, Sanskruti Bhavan, Patto-Panaji, from November 29. Craftspersons should submit the forms to the department by December 10. Lokotsav will be organized by the state's department of art and culture in collaboration with west zone cultural centre, Kala Academy (KA) and Sports Authority of Goa at Darya Sangam, KA, Campal-Panaji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17407980", "title": "Unable to pay fees, Malwa Institute student kills self", "text": "INDORE: Unable to pay his fees, a 23-year-old student of hotel management allegedly committed suicide at Central School campus on Tuesday night. He left behind suicide notes for his mother, sisters and college principal in which he mentioned that he had become burden on his family. He was unable to pay the college fee of Rs 40,000, said police.Investigating officer Babulal Sharma said that the deceased was identified as Mayank Reshwal alias Golu, son of Jagdish Reshwal. His father is attendant at Central School and lives inside its campus only. Golu was pursuing hotel management course from Malwa Institute.Quoting Jagdish, Sharma said that he did not have dinner on Tuesday. He reportedly told his mother that he was not in a good mood and asked her not to disturb. On Tuesday morning, his family members noticed him hanging from the ceiling. They immediately informed police about the incident.CSP, Sanyogitaganj SM Zaidi said that police found few suicide notes from the spot in which he stated that no one should be harassed for his death.He, in the suicide note, urged family members to take care of his sister Pooja and not to use his photograph anywhere in the house. His body was sent to MY Hospital for post-mortem. Investigation was on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "17408034", "title": "A girl who went to Karbala to see the procession of Muharram gangraped", "text": "BAHRAICH: A girl who went to Karbala to see the procession of Muharram was kidnapped and gangraped by two motorcycle-borne youths when she was on her way back. The victim's father has registered case against two persons. The police are raiding to nab the accused.The police told that Shabnam resident of Mahadeva Salarpur village under Risia police station went to Karbala to see the procession of Muharram along with the other children of the family. When she was on her way back, Saddam and Pahelwan reached their on the bike and dragged Shabnam to a nearby filed and raped her.Shabnam reached home late at night and narrated the incident to her family. A case of gang rape was registered against Saddam and Pahelwan. The station officer told that the accused are absconding after the incident and the raids are being conducted to arrest them. The girl has been sent to the district hospital for medical examination.Fire in hut, 1 dead: A house caught fire due to some unknown reasons and an old man was charred to death while two cattle and three houses were burnt to ashes.The police told that Ramsanehi (75) resident of Dhuswan under Sonwa police station was sleeping in his hut which caught fire due to some unknown reason. By the time Ramsanehi knew about it he was surrounded by the fire and was charred to death. A cow, a calf and other household goods were also burnt to ashes. The fire burnt his neighbor's house as well. The household goods in the house were also burnt to ashes.Annual Day celebrated: St. Norbert School celebrated its annual day with great pomp and show. Dance performances and skill based program were organized. Varun Mehta who topped the district in class x ICSE boards of 2012 bagged away all the prizes. Dr Sangeeta Mehta, his mother gave a thank you note praising the faculty, staff and the current and ex principal of St. Norbert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17408986", "title": "Three more Keralites on road to sainthood", "text": "KOCHI: On December 2, when Tamil Nadu celebrates the pronouncement of its native martyr Devasahayam Pillai as 'Blessed' by the Vatican, Kerala also has much to look forward to. The Catholic Church in the state is finalizing preparations for the canonization of its select trio \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Kuriakose Elias Chavara, Sr Euphrasia Eluvathingal and Puthenparampil Thommachan.Devasahayam Pillai, who converted to Catholicism in Tamil Nadu in the 18th century, is believed to have been killed for promoting the religion. He is the first Indian martyr who died for the faith to be given the title of 'Blessed'.Pillai and Thommachan are the only laymen from India to be considered for sainthood. The church in Kerala is now going ahead with the elaborate measures for the four-tier canonization process that would bring three more saints to Kerala. The state has one of the only two Indians to reach sainthood \u00e2\u20ac\u201d St Alphonsa of the Immaculate Conception, whom the Vatican canonized in 2008. While three names are listed for the 'Blessed' stature, four are being considered for the title 'Venerable' and 18 for the title of 'Servant of God' which is the first stage on the road to sainthood.\"The process would take decades, and even centuries. St Alphonsa was declared Blessed in 1986, but her canonization came only in 2008. We are completing the procedures for the others from here,\" says Fr Stephen Alathara, deputy secretary general of the Kerala Catholic Bishops Council.Interestingly, Pillai's name was nominated by the church in Kerala as he was reportedly imprisoned in 1752 by Travancore King Marthanda Varma who was upset about Pillai's conversion from Hinduism.While Kuriakose Elias Chavara, who was declared Blessed in1986 by Pope John Paul II, is the founder of the Carmelites of Mary Immaculate, the first congregation for men in the Syro-Malabar Church, Sr Euphrasia Eluvathingal is a nun from the same congregation, who was declared Blessed in 2006 for a miracle done through her intercession.\"Kuriakose Elias Chavara may be canonised within perhaps in two years' time,\" says Fr Paul Thelakat, spokesperson of Syro-Malabar church. Thommachan was known as the Kerala Assisi for popularizing the Franciscan Third Order in Kerala.According to church documents, he was involved in missionary activities from the age of 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17407505", "title": "Indian cinema is evolving: Amritraj", "text": "PANAJI: Leading producer Ashok Amritraj has thrown up a challenge before India's film fraternity: \"Give me a good Indian screenplay that will appeal beyond the boundaries, I'm ready to make it.''\"In filmmaking, it isn't technology, directors or actors that are important; it is the screenplay. If you have a good screenplay that will have universal resonance, the actors, directors and the finance will come to you,'' he told TOI.The international film festival of India (Iffi) has a special retrospective of his films this year, to honour his contributions to cinema. \"Even though there have been talks of taking Indian cinema to Hollywood for long, nothing much was happening. Indian cinema will manage to draw the attention of Hollywood only when our filmmakers or writers produce powerful screenplays. Hollywood makes different kinds of films, and they are looking for good screenplays,'' he said.He said he would make an announcement of his new project in the entrainment industry in industry on Thursday at the Iffi.He also said Indian cinema is evolving to a very good stature internationally, though he is bit disturbed about the divide between the commercial cinema and the festival films or art house movies. \"They should learn to live together,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17407770", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation gets down to verifying property tax recovery", "text": "NAGPUR: The revenue collection scam has forced top officials of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) to start verifying if there have been more such irregularities. Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane has now decided to audit and verify all property tax recovery.In the revenue collection scam, Rs 57 lakh revenue related to market and health departments was collected in two zones but not deposited into NMC's account. The revenue from these two departments is very less, as compared to other departments like octroi, property tax and water tax. The uncovering of this modus operandi at the zone levels has led to suspicions that such irregularities are present in other departments too.The revenue from octroi department is monitored in a centralized manner, and so it may not come under the scanner. But the revenue collection from property tax and water tax may be a matter of investigation. Besides, the number of complaints and arrears in these two departments are high, and not verified since long.This might have prompted Wardhane to also announce verification of recovery from property tax department. Confirming the decision, a senior NMC official said the zone-wise audit and verification may be carried out by deputy director (audit) Suvarna Pande, who unearthed the latest scam.A few assistant commissioners and officials from the property tax department said that complaints related to property tax collections are in large numbers. Property tax is collected zone-wise in two ways. The taxpayers pay the tax inspectors sitting in all zones. The tax collectors also go door-to-door and submit the recovered tax to tax inspectors. Then, the amount collected is handed over to bank staffers who come to the zones every day for collection.\"There are complaints from many taxpayers that the tax is shown as due despite being paid. Many such disputed cases are pending since long, since taxpayers do not preserve the receipts. Besides, some cases have come to fore where the amount in the receipt with the taxpayer and the counterfoil with the zone office is different,\" officials said.Shockingly, NMC's accounts department had never cross-checked the amount deposited by a zone with it with the bill receipts at the zone level. Like in the scam, chances of discrepancy in revenue cannot be ruled out.If the data of arrears available with NMC's property tax department is considered, the possibility of irregularities is huge. The arrears have been on the rise with every passing year. The arrears remain pending while fresh arrears pile up every year.There are 5,33,884 property taxpayers in the city. The total recovery every year is around Rs 230 crore. In the last fiscal, the total due amount was Rs 235.20 crore, of which arrears amounted to Rs 133.44 crore while the current demand was only Rs 101.80 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17409086", "title": "Odisha joins national eligibility-cum-entrance test for medical entrance exam", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Putting to rest all speculations, Odisha has finally decided to join the national eligibility-cum-entrance test (NEET 2013), the over-arching pre-medical entrance replacing state-level examinations. \"We had some apprehensions. After the Centre agreed to address those, we have agreed to be part of NEET-2013 for undergraduate medical admissions this year. There will be no separate state-level entrance,\" health secretary Pradipta Kumar Mohapatra told TOI on Wednesday.Mohapatra had on September 24 expressed the state's apprehension that the test would mean medical seats in state-run colleges might go to students from outside the state. \"We had raised certain issues with the health ministry. We are satisfied with the response,\" he said.The government had sought clarifications about the fate of MBBS seats in case enough Odia students fail to qualify for it. The Centre has clarified that a percentile system will be worked out where states can prepare their own merit lists depending on number of state quota seats (85% of total seats) available there. A separate national merit list will be prepared for filling up 15% seats in all states, which are currently filled from the All India Pre-Medical Entrance Test (AIPMT).\"This would ensure that Odia students continue to occupy 85% seats in the state,\" Mohapatra said, adding the Directorate of Medical Education and Training (DMET) would do the counselling for these seats. The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) will conduct NEET, which is scheduled for May 12, 2013.Mohapatra said CBSE also agreed to include Koraput as a centre for NEET. Earlier it had chosen only Bhubaneswar and Rourkela as centres. The government had requested for centres in five cities, the other two are Sambalpur and Berhampur, the health secretary said.For medical aspirants, there would be five facilitation centres to help in the application procedure at DAV Chandrasekhapur, Mother's Public School and Kendriya Vidyalaya (KV-I) in Bhubaneswar besides KV-I, Cuttack, and Delhi Public School, Rourkela. Online application procedure for NEET is likely to start from December 1. There would be 180 objective type questions in the three-hour examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17410227", "title": "Cracker of a start to Ei Samay EMSA rally", "text": "KOLKATA: The inaugural edition of Ei Samay EMSA time-speed-distance (TSD) rally got off to a cracker with 22 cars and 12 motorcycles engaging in a spirited drive from Kolkata to Burdwan, covering 240 km of national and state highways, village roads and dirt tracks in seven hours. The Ei Samay EMSA Rural Run 2012 was held under the licence of Federation of Motor Sports Club of India (FMSCI).A TSD rally requires drivers and navigators to take their vehicles along an undisclosed route marked by arrows/ markings/ directions along with distances mentioned in a road book or commonly known as a 'Tulip Chart'. Each team has to drive at the specified variable average speeds specified in the road book. The variable average speed necessitates teams to be at a specified location at a particular point of time. Any delay or early arrival at a particular point along the specified route will attract penalty points and as such the team with the minimum penalty points becomes the winner. This is monitored by marshals, posted at secret locations who record the timings maintained by the teams.The rally was flagged off from Rabindra Sadan at 7am on Wednesday. The vehicles then drove around 60 km along Kona Expressway and Durgapur Expressway up to Gurap for the first stage before moving into Mogra-Gurap Road and River Bank Road through Sahapur, Netragarh, Halara, Jamalpur, Shayanpur and Pala Sreerampur for the next stage.After 50 km on the state highway, village road and dirt track, the cars and bikes hit NH2 again near Shaktigarh. For the next 30km stretch, the participants raced through Burdwan Bypass and Galsi up to Paraj. The next 70km was rural metalled road and dirt track as the cars made their way to Guskara town via Paraj railway station, Abhirampur and Ausgram. For the final 25km stretch, the vehicles hit NH2B as they moved towards Burdwan via Talit railway station before getting on to NH2 to reach the finishing line at Purbasha bus stop around 2pm.The rally was coordinated by Eastern Motor Sports Association (EMSA), an organization created in 1994 by a committed hardcore group of motor rallyists and track racing enthusiasts. EMSA brought in professionals from the corporate world to give the association the cutting edge of administrative and organization prowess. EMSA pioneered the introduction of the 'night rally' in the TSD format and the 'special stage' (SS) format of speed rallies in the eastern part of the country. EMSA is affiliated to FMSCI, the national body for motor sports, and a member of FIA , the international body for motor sports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17409907", "title": "Bank implements revised RBI regulations", "text": "MANGALORE: Karnataka Bank Ltd , has introduced the revised guidelines of Reserve Bank of India on Kisan Credit Card (KCC) scheme. This will help large section of farmers across India. As per the scheme which is effective from November 15, farmers can avail working capital loan in the form of overdraft for raising various crops and maintaining their farm equipments and also term loan for meeting their investment credit requirements.The period of KCC is for five years and farmers have the option to renew the overdraft every year with 10% increase in the limit. The overdraft facility is useful to farmers as it is an operative account and they can credit the sale proceeds of various crops to the account and utilize it when required.The bank has also planned to introduce ATM card enabled transactions to the farmers under the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17410334", "title": "Small, marginal farmers have reason to cheer", "text": "KANPUR: Good news for the not so big farmers. The Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) will be providing input support, including bio-fertilizers, chemicals and high yielding varieties of seeds to marginal or small farmers who own land area less than one or between one and two hectares, respectively. The support rendered by ICAR will not include cash help but input support of worth Rs 10,000 to individual farmer.This help will be given to 12 farmers identified by Chandra Shekhar Azad (CSA) University of Agriculture and Technology which is one among 74 centres of All India Co-ordinated Research Project on Integrated Farming System.The project of ICAR is being undertaken by CSA University not only with the aim to help marginal and small farmers enhance their income but also to provide them with round the year employment and livelihood.It will also help increase the gross domestic product (GDP) as 86% of farmers in the country come under marginal or small farmer category having land either less then one hectare or between one and two hectares and at present these farmers do not contribute much to the country and the GDP. The basic concept of the project being that along with cultivating crops, the farmers need to engage in allied activities like animal husbandry, bee-keeping, gardening, mineral mixture, fishery, floriculture, vegetable production, horticulture to name a few. They would be taught integrated farming methods. Principal of the ICAR's pilot project is M P Yadav, HOD, Agronomy Department, CSA University under whose supervision the project is being operated.Talking to TOI, assistant professor Naushad Khan of CSA University, involved in the project, informed, \"So far, farmers have remained completely dependent on agriculture, but now we will teach them ways to increase their income. Along with cultivating crops, farmers will be taught about various other techniques by which they can earn more. These allied activities include animal husbandry, fishery, floriculture, vegetable production and horticulture.\"Khan added that apart from these benefits, the farmer will be able to get food and nutritional security.When asked if the university has identified farmers who will get the benefit of the ICAR's project, Khan said, 12 farmers of rural pockets of Kaushambi district had been identified by the university to be given necessary intervention which includes providing HYV seeds, bio-fertilizers etc of up to Rs 10,000 per farmer.It is worth mentioning here that the CSA University will receive funds for the purpose from Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) as part of the contingency fund.When questioned about the need of introducing such a project for farmers by ICAR, the CSA scientist said 86% farmers in the country were marginal with agricultural land either below one hectare contribute nothing in the market. According to the statistics (done by ICAR), while marginal farmers contribute nothing to market in terms of agricultural produce, small farmers sells 54% of their produce and consumes the remaining part. Big farmers owning more than 2 hectares land sell 94% produce and consume the rest. But since the percentage of marginal and small farmers is higher in the country, the ICAR developed a pilot project to provide farmers with a support of Rs 10,000 by giving required inputs instead of cash.The CSA scientist said farmers benefiting from the ICAR's project are identified based on the crop module used by them and the constituents it contains. It is only after this that scientists from CSA University would provide technical suggestion and other required intervention, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17407275", "title": "Manipuri play 'Kumudini' selected for Nandikar's national theatre fest in Kolkata", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Banian Repertory Theatre's critically acclaimed Manipuri play 'Kumudini' is going to be among the 19 plays selected for the 29th Nandikar National Theatre Festival to be held next month at the Academy of Fine Arts in Kolkata.The annual Nandikar National Theatre Festival is the biggest theatre carnival of Kolkata and one of the biggest in the country as well. The festival provides a platform for stalwarts and amateurs alike and for participants not only from all over India but also those from the international arena. The festival will begin from December 16 and continue till December 25.'Kumudini', directed by M C Thoiba and scripted by M C Arun, is based on the quest for understanding contemporary Manipuri women and deals with the insurgency situation in the northeast.Besides 'Kumudini', two plays from Assam Anup Hazarika's 'Charandas Chor' and Baharul Islam's 'The Green Serpent' will also take part in the festival.\"Much has been discussed about Manipuri woman. Some have put them on a pedestal whereas some say women are exploited in our society. It is a confusing scenario. The play revolves around a contemporary radical who seeks answers on different facets of contemporary Manipuri woman and her position in the socio-political sphere in the backdrop of the life and times of Maharani Kumudini,\" says Meghachandra Kongbam, a theatre-critic.'Kumudini', produced in 2007, was also performed at Hyderabad and Tirupati in the 7th Abhinaya National Theatre Festival 2012 in August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17408915", "title": "Kerala State Electricity Board can\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t levy development charges: HC", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) cannot levy development charges citing higher connectivity load from consumers living in multi-storied buildings such as flat complexes, the Kerala high court ruled on Wednesday.The order by justice PN Ravindran was while considering a batch of petitions filed by flat owners, builders, and operators of multi-storied buildings.Ruling in favour of consumers, the court asked KSEB to return the money collected excessively with six per cent interest. When a consumer applies for a new connection, KSEB's rules of 2003 allow levying money in tune with the connected load. However, KSEB is collecting money not approved in its rules in the name of Levy of Transmission Side Development Charges, the petitioners had pointed out. The rules allow levying the cost for facilitating the connection such as expense for drawing the electricity line, setting up the electric post, setting up the transformer, etc. But KSEB is levying extra money from consumers residing in areas with high connectivity load citing development that are not linked directly to them, the petitioners had alleged.For one kilowatt ampere connected load, KSEB is collecting Rs 2,650 as developmental charges and money is being collected even citing setting up of substations, the petition said. One of the petitioners, a builder, had to pay Rs 80.7 lakh extra while setting up connections in tune with the connected load worth Rs 1.64 crore.Ruling against KSEB, the court held that such development charges cannot be levied without prior approval from the regulator. Though KSEB had sought approval of the commission for levying developmental charges, it was not allowed, the court pointed out. The regulatory commission failed to intervene though KSEB levied developmental charges without its permission, the court observed. KSEB doesn't have the power to levy money that is not specified in its rules and there is no provision that enables such a demand, the court ruled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17408961", "title": "Sarga Sangamam 2012: CBSE state youth festival starts", "text": "KOCHI: The 18th CBSE state youth festival, 'Sarga Sangamam 2012', started in the city on Wednesday.During the inaugural ceremony, actor Suresh Gopi said that rather than restrict the festival to just CBSE schools, they should have a festival wherein both the state schools and CBSE school students compete with each other.The four-day extravaganza of art, music and dance, organised by the Kerala CBSE School Managements Association, is being held at the Sarabhai Science Park, Kakkanad, and has attracted over 10,000 students from CBSE schools all over the state.Contests will be held in four categories, which will see 1,030 schools participating. Last year, 960 schools took part in the fest held at Palakkad. On November 30, students will contribute a cheque to the chief minister's relief fund. Each student has contributed a minimum of Rs 10 for the voluntary programme, and an amount of Rs 50 lakh has been collected so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17408907", "title": "Air ticket commission can\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t be part of tariff: Kerala high court", "text": "KOCHI: Commission for air travel agents cannot be included in the air fare and agents cannot insist on it, the Kerala high court ruled on Tuesday. The order by justice PR Ramachandra Menon came while considering a petition by an association of air travel agents that represents 700 members. Ruling against the demand raised by IATA Agents Association of India, the court held that it cannot interfere in this matter as no violation is established.Further, the court pointed out that airline ticketing industry has undergone rapid change after the introduction of web ticketing. All operators have online ticket booking system now. Therefore, the services of travel agents have to be changed to travel facilitators or perform other such tasks, the court observed.In the petition filed in July this year, the association had questioned director general of civil aviation's decision not to interfere in the dispute over commission between agents and airlines. Directorate general of civil aviation (DGCA), the regulatory body for civil aviation, had informed the association that it cannot interfere in the issue as there is no provision for intervention in the concerned laws, Aircraft Act of 1934 and the Aircraft Rules of 1937.The association had pointed out that many airline companies, mostly foreign, are now asking agents to charge commission from travellers as service charge while some operators have cut down the commission from 3% to 1%. The contention of the association was that airlines are bound by Air Craft Rules to fix a tariff governing fares, rates, valuation charges and other charges that include commission payable to agents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17407724", "title": "Congress video conf facility ready", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee's plan to connect through video conferencing almost all its district party units with state head offices at Tilak Bhavan in Mumbai has been implemented successfully. The facility was tested with the MPCC president establishing link with some district units on Tuesday. However, in the city the facility at Devadia Bhavan offices of the city unit is expected to be operational from December 9 with a formal inauguration by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.City Congress president Jaiprakash Gupta said the video link is planned to be opened in presence of Chavan who will arrive in the city on December 9 for the winter session of the state legislature. \"We have also got an approval from the MPCC for a novel 'Jansanvad' programme to be launched on that day on the occasion of party president Sonia Gandhi's birthday,\" said Gupta. Under this programme, while the legislative session is on in the city, each day one minister from the state government would hold a 'jansanvad', or an interactive session with public and party workers, at Devadia Bhavan.Meanwhile, the video link facility at Tilak Bhavan was tested by Thakre in presence of agriculture minister Radhakrishna Vikhe Patil, minorities affairs minister Naseem Khan and minister of state for home Satej Patil. Illustrating how the facility would increase effective communication, the MPCC statement said when Akola party functionaries related the poor state of traffic management in that city, Patil immediately called up the police officials of that city and asked fixed up a review meeting.With the 2014 general and state elections in mind, the Congress is gearing up its organization and trying to connect better with people by addressing their problems efficiently, said an MPCC source, adding that the video link was a measure in that direction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17408891", "title": "America's Af-Pak envoy calls it quits", "text": "Rice's setback was one of the two faced by the Obama administration on Tuesday ahead of its second term starting January. In another development, the administration's Special Representative for Af-Pak Marc Grossman announced he is leaving for the private sector. Grossman, who was an undersecretary of state, was coaxed out of retirement and a private sector job to take over as SRAP in 2011 after the death of Richard Holbrooke . Nearly two years later, the drawdown in Afghanistan and the continuing flux in ties with Pakistan, Grossman reportedly told his staff this week that he would leave in December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17409849", "title": "Guard against non-conventional warfare: Prithviraj Chavan", "text": "PUNE: Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan highlighted the need for apt preparedness against various forms of lowcost non-conventional warfare including the misuse of social media by terror elements.\"The young generation in the field of defence have an added responsibility of being ever watchful against the low cost non-conventional warfare while preparing themselves to be a potent force in the conventional warfare,\" he said at the convocation ceremony of the National Defence Academy's (NDA) 123 course here on Wednesday.Commandant of NDA Lt Gen Ashok Singh presided over the ceremony that saw a total of 313 cadets including five from Bhutan and three from Afghanistan, being conferred with degrees in science , computer science and social science streams from the Jawaharlal Nehru University .Chavan, who is an engineering graduate from BITS, Pilani, and a post-graduate science degree holder from the University of California , Berkeley, said that India has been able to focus on priorities such as economic and scientific progress mainly because of the sense of security generated by the Armed forces post-1971 .\"Our defence preparedness will ensure there will be no need for physical warfare but, we can never lower our guard. Many forms of low cost non-conventional warfare tactics are being deployed by those who do not wish well for India,\" he said.Tactics like infiltrating fake currencies and pushing narcotics and psychotropic substances in the market and misuse of social media are major challenges along with the need to constantly upgrade and prepare as a potent defence force, he added.Chavan advised the cadets to remain a student throughout their life even as they scale greater heights in their professional career. \"We are in a world where the technology revolution has unfolded. This is the age of microprocessors , internet, wireless communication and convergence of all these technologies , which are changing fast, as ever. The competition to get to the top is severe,\" he said.The requirement of highlevel of intellectual capabilities in the Armed forces was never more than now, he said and advised the cadets to keep innovating and doing research . \"We are in a position to experiment and explore new things to make our armed forces a very potent force,\" he said.Chavan also stressed the standards of leadership and personal behavior that will always keep the young officers in good stead. \"The NDA's role in creating what our armed forces are today can never be underestimated,\" he said. \"Defence forces is all about leadership and that is what is inculcated at the academy. The values of courage, honesty , dedication, hard work, team work and looking after your men are forged at the academy ,\" he added.Principal of NDA Om Prakash Shukla read out the annual report while Rear Admiral Anand Iyer, deputy commandant of the academy, proposed a vote of thanks.Of the 313 cadets from the 123 course, 90 cadets were awarded bachelor of arts degrees , 77 were awarded B.Sc computer science degrees and 146 were awarded B.Sc degrees.The chief minister awarded trophies and medals to the cadets who have excelled in the three streams of the graduation programme.Medals and HonoursAdmiral's trophy: Battalion cadet captain (BCC) Bhojpal Shakya, for first rank in the overall order of merit Commandant's silver medal and chief of the army staff trophy: Cadet Atmakumar S Bhat, for first rank in science stream Commandant's silver medal and chief of the air staff trophy: BCC Bhojpal Shakya, for first rank in social sciences stream Commandant's silver medal and chief of naval staff trophy: Cadet Pramod Singh, for first rank in the computer science stream", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17401367", "title": "Rekha to play Sharman's Granny", "text": "Sharman Joshi, who was last seen in Vidhu Vinod Chopra's film 'Ferrari Ki Sawari', is gearing up for his next project, which also features Bollywood diva Rekha. The actress will play Sharman's grandmother in the movie.The film, produced and directed by Indra Kumar, is slated to go on the floors in early January. It will be shot in Mumbai and Dubai . The story, a social drama laced with comic elements, revolves around the relationship between Rekha and Sharman. Informs a source, \"The actor plays a US-returned guy, who is extremely fond of his naani (Rekha). He stands up for her when she is ill-treated by the family. Randhir Kapoor plays Sharman's grandfather.\"We hear Sharman is quite excited about the prospect of working with two veterans \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Rekha and Randhir. \"I'm looking forward to working with her. She is extremely versatile and one of the finest actresses of Indian cinema,\" reacted Sharman when we met him in Lucknow on his recent visit, adding, \" She is playing my grand mother in the movie and the story revolves around the relationship we both share.\"And while talking of relationships, we asked him what his equation with his fatherin-law, the legendary Prem Chopra is like. To which he replied, \"Well I share a very friendly relation with him. It is always an honour and a privilege to be with him. He has an absolute shining personality, the way he conducts himself both off and on screen is very inspiring. I don't get to meet him often but there is enough to learn from his experience in the film industry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17407790", "title": "Maharashtra to table 11 bills during Nagpur winter session", "text": "PUNE: The state government will table 11 bills in the winter session of the state legislature, which will start in Nagpur from December 10. The anti-superstition bill, the private school and regulation of fees bill and the proposed second amendment to the Gram Panchayat Act are some of the major bills expected to be discussed and passed, state parliamentary affairs minister Harshvardhan Patil said on Wednesday.Of the 11 bills, six are new and five are pending bills, he said.Patil was addressing a news conference in the city to announce awards given by the state cooperation department to cooperative institutions, including dairies, sugar factories and rural urban credit societies that have been performing well.The Maharashtra Prevention and Eradication of Human Sacrifice and Other Evil Practices and Black Magic bill is pending before the assembly. Narendra Dabholkar, founder and executive chairman of the Maharashtra Andhashraddha Nirmoolan Samiti expressed his disappointment on the continued delay in passing the bill.If the second amendment to the Gram Panchayat Act is passed, candidates submitting nomination forms for local self-government elections will get a period of six months to submit their caste verification certificates. \"At present, the candidates have to submit the caste certificates along with the nomination forms. Many a times, the administration is pressed for time to provide the certificates to candidates,\" said sources in the state parliamentary affairs ministry.Meanwhile, Patil said that the Kolhapur-based Shri Hanuman cooperative milk and agriculture allied services society has bagged the state level Sahakar Maharshi award. Pune-based Tirupati urban credit cooperative society has been selected for the Sahakar Bhushan award in Pune division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17410205", "title": "Bigfoot DNA shows human connection, says study", "text": "NEW YORK: The legendary Bigfoot is a human relative that arose some 15,000 years ago, a five-year DNA study said. The study conducted by a team of experts in genetics, forensics, imaging and pathology, led by Texan researcher Melba S Ketchum sequenced three complete Bigfoot nuclear genomes and determined the species is a human hybrid, her firm, DNA Diagnostics, said in a statement.Ketchum suggested that Bigfoot or Sasquatch mated with modern human females that resulted in hairy hominin hybrids, but the scientific community is dubious about her claim, LiveScience said.\"A team of scientists can verify that their DNA study, currently under peer-review, confirms the existence of a novel hominin hybrid species, commonly called 'Bigfoot' or 'Sasquatch', living in North America,\" the statement said.Ketchum's research has not appeared in any peer-reviewed journal, and there's no indication when that might happen, LiveScience said. Ketchum has called on public officials and law enforcement to recognise the Sasquatch as an indigenous people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407067", "title": "GB Pant professor removed for \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcharassment\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: A senior professor in the psychiatry department at GB Pant Hospital was relieved from her duties by the health department on Wednesday following complaints from postgraduate students about \"misbehaviour\" and continuous \"harassment\".Delhi health minister A K Walia said the professor, Dr Arun Lata Agarwal, has been sent back to her parent cadre, the Union health ministry.\"There have been complaints about her husband Dr Sanjay Agarwal, too, who heads the department. We are inquiring into it and another former professor, Dr R C Jiloha, has been requested to head the department for now,\" he added.The students had alleged in a written complaint that the couple verbally abused them without any provocation. In case they become examiners, the professors repeatedly threatened, these students would fail unless they now work as per the couple's wishes.\"Relieving one of the professors will not help. We fear that Dr Sanjay Agarwal would try to damage our career prospects,\" said a complainant.Dr Sanjay Agarwal refused to comment while his wife did not respond to the calls either.The nursing union of the hospital is also supporting the students. \"We have also been at the receiving hand. If they are not removed, we will go on strike from Thursday,\" said Liladhar Ramchandani, general secretary of the union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17408332", "title": "Hope sustains those who didn't let cancer win", "text": "GURGAON: Indra Jasuja, coordinator for Gurgaon chapter of the Indian Cancer Society (ICS), had lost her husband to cancer and herself survived breast cancer. Tania Bhalla, an entrepreneur, had lost her mother to ovarian cancer some eight years back.These women and many others who have either survived or suffering from cancer themselves or whose close relatives are cancer patients have come together to spread awareness about the deadly disease.The event - Festival of Hope - is a fashion show event, where survivors will walk the ramp to spread the message. The unique cancer awareness event is being held in association with the Indian Cancer Society and Fortis Memorial Research Institute on December 1-2 at DLF Club Aralias.Jasuja, 74, was lucky to survive breast cancer as her condition was diagnosed in the first stage and just underwent radiation treatment. This happened 14 years ago, following which she started out helping cancer patients. But calamity struck once again after eight years, when her husband was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in the last stage and could not be saved.Jasuja is a clinical psychologist and visits a prominent hospital in Gurgaon where she tells patients about how to deal with the disease. Moreover, her organization also provides medical aid to poor patients.Bhalla, director, Jammu Style (which deals in luxury hand-finished Cashmere and silk scarves), was a constant companion of her mother in her fight with the ovarian cancer, which was diagnosed in the third stage. Bhalla's mother, who was in early 50s, underwent one major surgery, 13 chemotherapy sessions and two laparoscopic surgeries during her two years long loosing battle with the disease.The two women said the disease was still a taboo topic and everyone feels that this is one thing that would not happen to us. \"This is one myth we would like to bust through this event. People should not put their health on the backburner while chasing their personal and professional dreams,\" said Jasuja.Bhalla added that even as cancer is hereditary in her family, her mother avoided seeing a doctor. \"She used to have stomach ache. I would like to tell people, especially women, not to take their health casually,\" said Bhalla.During the event, awareness workshops will also be held by medical professionals and NGOs. Besides that, sale of F1 Art Paintings by ICS will also take place. There are 25 pictures painted by disadvantaged children and a few are signed by Formula 1 drivers.\"The whole idea has helped us move from a time when cancer was rare to the present, when support and awareness are free and open,\" said Shalini Vig Wadhwa, Founder of 100 Degrees, and the woman behind the conceptualization of \"The Festival of Hope\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407725", "title": "Cop let off for losing warrant", "text": "NEW DELHI: A sessions court has asked a Delhi police officer to tender an apology to a metropolitan magistrate for misplacing and failing to execute a non-bailable warrant. The court has also asked the cop to give an undertaking that he will be careful in discharging his duties in future.Additional sessions judge Ramesh Kumar gave the order, while waiving a fine of Rs 10,000 imposed on Sub-Inspector Bal Kishan in June this year by the magisterial court. In its order, the magisterial court had ordered deduction of the fine amount from his salary.The SI then moved the sessions court against the order. On SI's appeal, the sessions court modified the order considering that the SI had misplaced the NBW and his failure to execute it was \"not deliberate\". tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17410342", "title": "Despite venue change, Shilp Mela has many buyers", "text": "VARANASI: The overlapping of Ganga Mahotsav with festivities and fairs in other parts of the country has left many artisans away from the Gandhi Shilp Mela organised as part of Ganga Mahotsav at Urban Haat, Sanskritik Sankul (Cultural Complex) from November 25 to December 04.According to training officer, handlooms, AK Verma, many acclaimed artisans could not make it to the Shilp Mela this year because most of them are gearing up for the 'master creation festival' to be held in Delhi in December and Suraj Kund festival which will be held in February 2013. At the same time, Lucknow Mahotsav and Bali Yatra of Orissa almost overlapped with Ganga Mahotsav, taking away nearly 30 percent of its regular artisans who anticipated better sale in these festivals, informed Verma.Notably, a number of regular handicraft artists from North East and some southern states did not participate in the 10-day fair. Despite this, the Gandhi Shilp Mela is drawing a good number of buyers everyday. While over 500 tickets were sold in only two hours time on Wednesday, officials revealed that a business of over Rs 45 lakhs was done in the last four days.While the place already appeared like a microcosm of a diverse India on the fourth-day of the handicraft fair showcasing varied art works from different parts of the country, the premises of the Haat was abuzz with cultural and folk performances including a puppet show which enthralled grown ups as well as children.Besides, the fair has attracted visitors across the demographic. While the handmade sandals of Haryana are attracting hundreds of college and schoolgoing girls, men and women were seen splurging on furniture, stone works, woolens, shawls, bedsheets, textiles of Gujarat, Rajasthan, Jammu and Kashmir, pillow covers, cushions, and paraphernalia for home decor and home furnishing. At the same time, art forms like Madhubani paintings and brass works attracted several buyers and art lovers.The palm leaf engraving and patta paintings of Orissa, which according to Debadatta Pradhan, an artisan from Orissa, is a 1200-year-old art form remained a centre of attraction among visitors. According to Pradhan, the engravings and patta paintings are prepared on palm leaves with as many as 155 natural colours obtained from Khandneel, Shankh, Harital, Geru.\"Earlier speculations that Shilp Mela witnessed an identity loss after its venue changed from Beniabagh to Urban Haat have proved to be a false. The fair, when was held in Beniabagh, witnessed huge crowds but in Urban Haat, the artists are experiencing great sale of their articles,\" informed Verma.It is worth mentioning here that a fund of Rs 15 lakh has been granted by the Government of India separately for hosting the Shilp Mela (handicraft fair) during Ganga Mahotsav. Aiming to promote the handloom and handicarft products and creating a direct platform for artisans to meet the buyers and exporters, the Shilp Bazaar has invited artisans from across the nation.Over 200 artisans have participated in the fair. Government has also provided free stalls to 150 handicraft artisans and 30 handloom artisans. Artisans have come from Andhra Prasad, Gujarat, Kerala, UP, Mumbai, Madhya Pradesh, Sikkim, Himachal Pradesh, Orrisa, Bihar, Jharkhand and several other states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17408430", "title": "MERC public hearing today", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) has arranged a public hearing on petitions filed by all Mumbai power suppliers to hike their one-time charges on meters and connections.The hearing will be held on Thursday at the World Trade Centre (WTC), Cuffe Parade, 11am onwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17407199", "title": "Third Test: Battle of attrition on a slow turner looms large", "text": "KOLKATA: The controversy over the kind of surface that will be dished out at the Eden Gardens for the third Test between India and England here continues to simmer, but it is increasingly becoming clear that MS Dhoni will not get the 'rank turner' he has been craving for.Make no mistake, there is tremendous pressure on the CAB and its curator and groundstaff to oblige the Indian captain, but the ground realities may force the authorities to come up with a half-way house of a pitch that may not be entirely to Team India's liking, nor please the Englishmen who have traditionally struggled at this venue.No matter how bald the pitch looks on the morning of opening day of the Test match, the new ball always swings in the serene environment of the Eden Gardens which will bring the pacers into play.Seeing off the new ball would be the key to a solid start for the team batting first as a typical Eden pitch tends to ease out later in the day, allowing batsmen to literally make hay while the sun shines.It will be hard work for the bowlers, particularly if rival batsmen are prepared to graft for runs. The onus will be on bowlers to keep things tight, and not allowing batsmen to cut loose.The first two days are the best to bat on before the pitch starts yielding some turn and the ball keeps progressively low and comes slowly off the surface.These are conditions in which Indian batsmen thrive on. There can be no better surface for a struggling Sachin Tendulkar to check in with a substantial knock befitting his stature.Spending some time in the middle is the key to shaking off poor form and Virat Kohli and Yuvraj Singh will no doubt relish the opportunity to do so on a pitch that should allow them to make adjustments in footwork.It will hardly be the kind of surface that Virender Sehwag will relish, for the ball hardly comes on to the bat on mud-baked surfaces, but then when has the pitch interfered with his 'Nawabi' strokeplay?Apart from the English pacers, the one bowler who is likely to pose the biggest threat will be Graeme Swann . The key to bowling on slow turners is taking the pace off the ball, and Swann is a master of variations.It will be tough for Monty Panesar , though. His quickish left-arm spin may have earned him a hatful of wickets in Mumbai, but unless he bowls slower here, he is unlikely to be effective.The key for India is to pick the right combination in the bowling department. Zaheer and Ojha are automatic choices, but choosing their partners poses a ticklish problem for Dhoni and Fletcher.Ishant's pace may be handy in these conditions, but Dinda, with wickets behind him in domestic cricket, is raring to go. Having played all his cricket here, Dinda knows the conditions better than Ishant. The same logic applies to Harbhajan Singh , who has been a hero here many times in the past.It will be interesting to see who gets the nod, but no matter which combo takes the field, it will be hard work as wickets and runs both have to be earned in what promises to be a battle of attrition between two sides desperate to prove a point or two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17406903", "title": "Editors' arrests recall Emergency, Zee says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the Zee group called it a move to gag the media \"without an official declaration of emergency\", the two arrested editors of the group were remanded to two days of police custody on Wednesday and chairman Subhas Chandra called by the police to join investigations.In a clear sign that the crime branch was ready to dig its heels in the case, top officials confirmed that they had served notice to Chandra, who owns the Zee group, on two successive days.\"We had asked him to join the investigation on Tuesday, but he had communicated his inability to do so on that day. We have sent him another notice on Wednesday evening,\" a top police officer told TOI.As the Zee group launched a major defence of its arrested editors, a trial court sent two - Sudhir Chaudhary and Samir Ahluwalia - to police custody after Delhi police said it needed to unearth the conspiracy. The arrests were made on basis of a complaint by Congress MP Naveen Jindal's group that the two tried to extort Rs 100 crore for not broadcasting news reports linking the firm to the coal scam.Metropolitan Magistrate Gomati Manocha also rejected the bail plea of Chaudhary, head of Zee News and Samir Ahluwalia, head of Zee Business.Appearing before the court, Delhi Police told the court that Subhash Chandra and Punit Goenka, MD of the channel, were also accused in the case. It said Chandra was complicit in the demand of money.A police source, however, clarified that Goenka had not been send a notice yet. The cops have also now charged Chaudhary and Ahluwalia with cheating, claiming that they also need to examine how the CAG report - which was at the centre of the acrimony between Zee News and the Jindal Group - was accessed by the media organization.Going on the offensive, the Zee group called the arrests \"illegal\" and said \"intimidating the media may further boomerang (on UPA 2).\"The media house it raised three points for the police. First, it asked what was the sudden provocation for the arrests when both editors were always available for questioning. Second, it pointed out that an interaction of around six hours (meetings between the editors and Jindal officals took place on September 10, 13, 17 and 19) was edited into 14 minutes of \"distorted\" conversation. And third, the group claimed Jindal himself offered the money to them, a fact that the cops were overlooking.In a statement, Zee News CEO Alok Agarwal said, \"In 65 years of democracy in independent India, this is only the second time the media has been censored without putting an official stamp of emergency\".Agarwal accused Jindal of misusing the official machinery, saying the steel tycoon had earlier tried to influence Zee News by offering money. \"The fact is that Jindal is the one who offered money first to the editors, and then, to the company. He also tried to influence various senior functionaries in Zee News, not only directly, but also through various other people, including his elder brother, uncle and some political leaders...,\" he added.Asked if his statement could be backed with proof, Agarwal said, \"Proof will be produced as and when required.\"Police sources, however, said they had proof of a conversation between Ahluwalia and Subhas Chandra immediately after the meeting between the editors and Jindal group. \"The call lasted 286 seconds and the call location is inside the hotel, which was the venue of the meeting. We believe the call was made to inform Chandra about the meeting. We need to question Chandra on this aspect,\" the source said.Naveen Jindal on Wednesday avoided commenting on the fresh allegations levelled against him by Zee News channel, saying all efforts were directed to ensure that the truth comes out. \"I would like to repeat that I have a lot of respect for the media. This matter is under investigation by the Delhi Police. Also, it matter is sub judice. So, I think, it is best that we leave it at that,\" said Jindal.Meanwhile, the Jindal group said in a statement that the law was taking its own course. \"Zee TV's comment that the arrest of its editors is a Black Day for the media is unfortunate. The arrest of the two journalists being termed Black Day is rather demeaning the credibility of the media. Instead, Black Day was the day when these editors tried to extort Rs 100 crore from the Jindal group,\" the statement said.The crime branch maintained that the arrests had been made according to the law, after the CFSL reports reached them confirming that the CD was not doctored. The cops claimed they have enough prima facie evidence, including extensive call record details to build their case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17407836", "title": "Property tax dept apathy costing Nagpur Municipal Corporation crores", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has issued a notification to increase property tax, RTI activist Shankar Gulani has exposed loss of crores of property tax due to apathy of municipal staffers. Standing committee chairperson Dayashankar Tiwari has now directed tax officials to set the record right.According to the estimate of NMC officers, there are over 6.5 lakh properties in the city, of which only 5.33 lakh are registered with the civic agency. Over a lakh property owners are not paying any tax because NMC has not bothered to conduct ward surveys, and these citizens have not shown any interest in getting themselves registered and assessed.Also, thousands of persons who got themselves registered are not getting property tax demand notes because the required formalities were not completed. A high percentage of such cases are in unauthorized layouts at Asi Nagar zone.Explaining the mess, Gulani said, \"As per norms the tax inspector should inspect the property, prepare a report and enter details in the property tax records. The mutation document and property tax receipt should be issued only after these formalities are completed.\"\"Many property owners are in a hurry to get the mutation document. In such cases, the zone staff give you the papers without completing any formality. As you do not have a property tax account, you do not get a demand note next year. If you go to the zone office, they tell you to bring last year's receipt and issue a demand on its basis. In the absence of your account, any tax you pay gets deposited in the zone's miscellaneous account,\" Gulani said.Such property owners never get demand notes and very few of them bother to pay tax on their own year after year. \"The accumulated loss of NMC is in crores,\" he claimed.\"A person who has evaded tax since years can easily get a demand note for this year by showing a bogus receipt for last year. Thus, he will have a genuine receipt even after evading tax running into thousands and even lakhs,\" Gulani pointed out.NMC officials were least bothered about setting things right until Gulani demanded details of revenue deposited in miscellaneous accounts of the ten zones by way of property tax three months ago. It came to light that the records were computerized only after 2004, before which NMC practically has no record.Madan Gadge, chief accounts and finance officer (CAFO), said that NMC did not suffer any loss due to this practice as the revenue from all sources was reconciled after each financial year. \"We do have to find out the source of the money in miscellaneous accounts.\"Dayashankar Tiwari said that this mess had come to his notice two months ago. \"I have issued instructions to tax officials to tally the record of last five years for every zone. Tax accounts of all those who pay property tax should be created immediately. Property tax data pertaining to a zone should be available there,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17406824", "title": "Delhi govt eyes 15% quota for poor in private schools", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government is set to propose an additional 15% reservation for children from poor families in most private schools in the city. According to the proposal, which will be presented before the high court once it's cleared by the chief minister, the quota will be applicable to admissions made from class II to XII.The reservation, if passed by the court, will affect 394 private recognized schools in the capital that have been allotted land at concessional rates by government agencies. The proposal is in response to a high court order.The schools, according to lawyer Khagesh Jha whose PIL resulted in the proposal, include \"all the big names you can think of\". As per their lease deeds, these schools were obliged to reserve seats for economically weaker sections (EWS) although there was no unanimity on the extent of the quota.\"In response to a PIL about schools not complying with obligations in the lease deeds, the high court had issued an interim order in 2007 that had fixed reservation at 15%,\" says a senior official in the department of education. However, in 2011, a new set of rules came into the picture with the Right to Education Act. RTE enforced reservation of 25% but that was only at the entry level. Admissions till Class I are now covered by RTE.Many schools, now reserving 25% seats for EWS students at entry, were under the impression that the RTE's provision nullifies whatever obligations were spelt out in their respective lease deeds.The list of schools that have received land includes all major school chains such as Modern School, Delhi Public School, Bal Bharti and Springdales, as well as most other well known institutions \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Vasant Valley, Sanskriti, St Columbus, Mother's International and Sardar Patel, to name just a few.\"The RTE provides for 25% reservation at entry point. The high court asked us to come up with a policy that combines the RTE admission guidelines with the lease deed obligations that have never been superseded or repudiated legally. We are not in a position to ignore this and following the court's interim order, the reservation for EWS on admissions after Class I has been made 15% across the board,\" said Kiran Walia, Delhi's education minister.Walia added that one-third of the 15% will be for the school's own staff and the rest for outsiders. The decision is awaiting the approval of chief minister Sheila Dikshit and once cleared, will be presented before the court.\"The confusion was the result of a DOE notification dated January 1, 2011 that stated it was 'in supersession' of the notification based on the 2007 high court order that had upheld the validity of obligations mentioned in the lease deeds. But following this new notification, schools started fulfilling the reservation requirements of RTE alone ignoring the lease deeds,\" said Jha.Another petition filed in 2011, this time by a parent, resulted in the high court directing the department in September 2012, to make the \"necessary policy decision\" within eight weeks.Jha, who, along with Ashok Agarwal, had filed the petition in 2011, says that number of students sometimes doubles in higher classes. \"We have found through RTIs that number of seats increase manifold, typically after class six. Entire sections are added. Now for new admissions they'll have to have reservations,\" says Jha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17407670", "title": "Three of family among 4 booked for cheating", "text": "NAGPUR: MIDC police have booked four persons, including a father and son, for their alleged involvement in duping three students to the tune of Rs 2.08 lakh with the promise of getting them admitted into a reputed engineering college. The four, now charged with cheating, are believed to be behind a racket that tricked people on the pretext of getting admissions against donations.The offence has been registered against Satish Khallase (50) and his son Shushrut (25), and Shankar Thorat. Satish's wife Kalpana too has been booked in the case. It's learnt that Thorat had introduced Premchand Mohnani to Kalpana, who promised to get his son Sumit admitted in an engineering college. Kalpana also made a similar promise to Sumit's two friends - Chetan Jehani and Mohammed Razzak Pasha - for admission. The trio made a payment of Rs 5.86 lakh in instalments to Kalpana at her office at Hingna.Thorat also compelled Mohnani to cough up Rs 47,000, claiming it to be his commission for Sumit's admission.Mohnani and others later started building pressure on Kalpana and others, as the promised admissions did not happen. The accused later returned around Rs 4.25 lakh to the students and their parents, but were not keen on settling the rest of the amount, which led to the police complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17409944", "title": "Multi gyms for fitness freaks in villages", "text": "MYSORE: With the Mysore zilla panchayat (ZP) and the youth service and sports department mulling to set up fitness centres or multi gyms at gram panchayat level in the district, the health-conscious youngsters in rural areas can now flaunt their sizzling six-pack abs like their counterparts in cities.Mysore ZP is planning to spend around Rs 40 lakh to implement the project from Rs 2-crore untied fund. Once implemented, Mysore will be the first district in the state to set up gyms at rural level. \"Under the untied fund, the ZP can undertake any innovative centre-specific need-based activity so we thought of utilizing some of the fund to set up multi gyms in village panchayats,\" said ZP chief executive officer (CEO) M N Ajay Nagabhushan.Earlier I had plans to up similar gyms in Belgaum district, but due to transfer it did not materialize,\" he added.Mysore has 46 village panchayats and each village will have multi gym facility. The gyms will be set up in either panchayat or other government structures. Local bodies or NGOs will be vested with the responsibility of maintenance, however the facility will be provided free of cost.The ZP is planning to complete the project by the end of March. Varuna village panchayat will be the first to get the facility. Today's youth are not very keen to visit \"Garadi Mane\", the traditional gyms in villages. The concept of a traditional gym seems to have lost its charm over the passage of time and they are on the verge of closure.Multi gyms with modern facilities will appeal to the young generation and help them maintain fitness, Nagabhushan said. There are plans to extend the facility to BCM boys and girls hostels too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17410021", "title": "JSS University launches PG course in water sciences", "text": "MYSORE: To put in place better systems and management practices in the water sector and train people to manage water better, JSS University(JSSU) is offering a two-year Master's programme in environmental sciences (water and sciences).The department of water and health at JSSU was set up in 2010 and PG environmental sciences was added in 2011 in collaboration with Khon Kaen University, Thailand. A European university will also join the consortium. The PhD programme was introduced in 2010 and this department is the only one offering such courses in Karnataka.The head of the department of water and health S Suriyanarayanan gave details of the course which includes summer project and industrial training at the end of second semester.The course structure and depth of knowledge is more intense than the regular environmental science graduate level courses. However, the basics such as the study of physical sciences, environmental biology, earth and atmospheric sciences, and environmental monitoring remain the same.Career opportunities!Graduates can work with various government departments and agencies such as forestry, environment, pollution control boards, urban planning, industry, water resources, agriculture, and non-governmental organizations protecting the environment.Some industries and research organizations also employ many environmental scientists. Waste treatment industries, refineries, distilleries, mines, fertilizer plants, food industries and textile mills also need environmental scientists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17409369", "title": "Ranchiites live under shadow of fear", "text": "RANCHI: Colleges in the city do not seem safe any more with the recent incident of gunfire near Marwari College spreading panic among students and raising questions about police's effectiveness in controlling crime in the city.On Tuesday, two young men on a bike opened fire in front of Marwari College after the security guard tried to stop them from entering the college premises during youth festival without identity cards. The duo drew out the guns after the bomb they lobbed near the guard did not burst. However, no one was hurt.Madhavchandra Mandal, who was on duty at the gate during the festival, said, \"We have strict instructions not to allow anyone without identity card. There were students and other people around when the incident happened and anyone could have been hurt. We were lucky.\"Rajiv Kumar, a student of Marwari College, said, \"There are incidents of outsiders picking up fights with students of our college. But Tuesday's incident was really scary. Now it seems criminals are taking over the neighbourhood.\"Few days ago, students of St Xavier's College spotted strangers with guns near the college. \"They looked like some VIP's bodyguards but were not in uniform. They came in a Bolero without a number plate,\" a student said. These incidents are taking place despite majority of the colleges taking security measures.Vice chancellor of Ranchi University, LN Bhagat, said, \"Crime on campuses is definitely increasing. Guards are appointed but if someone fires at the guard and gets inside campus, nothing can be done. It is a matter of law and order in the city and responsibility of the city police to keep crime under control.\"City SP Vipul Shukla said the security has been increased near Marwari College but no special arrangement will be made for colleges.\"Every part of the city is equally important and we have proper security arrangements everywhere. There will be crime somewhere or the other but it does not mean that the city is not safe,\" said Shukla.Last year, the Khushboo murder case shocked the city. In April 2011, Khushboo was beheaded by inside St. Xavier's College where she was appearing for the intermediate examination.The murderer, Vijendra Prasad, was later sentenced to death by a Ranchi court. \"After the death sentence, fear began to subside but the recent incident has revived it,\" said Kumari Rakhi, a student of Marwari College.\"Earlier, we were only worried about eve-teasing but now we are worried about our lives. You never know when someone comes and opens fire,\" added Rakhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17407953", "title": "HIV is not an obstacle for marriage", "text": "INDORE: While HIV/ AIDS is still a social taboo , a number of positive individuals have shed their inhibitions and are getting hitched despite knowing the risks of infection. If the doctors are to be believed, contracting HIV is proving no obstacle for the couples who want get married and lead a normal life despite their condition.\"There are number of patients who feel stigmatized knowing that they contracted HIV somehow but we have helped a number of couples to get married and lead a comfortable life. I have helped nearly half-a-dozen HIV positive couples to tie the knot,\" Dr V.P Pandey, professor, department of medicine, Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital said.\"It is affection towards the partner which leads to marriage in such cases. One of my patients, a positive girl wanted to take the plunge despite knowing that she cannot have a baby. She didn't deter from her decision and said that nearly 15% of population does not have their own kid. She was confident that she could one or get one through IVF treatment,\" said Dr Pandey.According to the doctors, HIV positive couples have fair chances of having a normal child. With the medical treatments available and technological advancement, having a HIV negative child is possible. \"In past 7-8 years there are such medicines available, which make it possible to have a normal baby. I have seen nearly 100 couples having a normal baby in past 7-8 years,\" Dr Pandey said.The number of people getting married despite knowing they are HIV positive is even higher with the AIDS Society of India. Dr I.S Gilada, president of the society said, \"Those who are aware and know that HIV is manageable and allows for a good life expectancy through treatments do not fear about getting married. They want to live life as a normal individual and do anything for their affectionate partner.\" He further added that he has arranged marriages of 19 positive couples and 50 marriages of at least one partner who is HIV positive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17408981", "title": "Income tax survey operation against builder", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a survey operation against a Gandhinagar-based builder, tax sleuths have detected unaccounted income disclosures worth Rs 15 crore. I-T officials of Gandhinagar range on Tuesday cracked upon the realty group, which has launched several hi-end residential schemes between Gandhinagar and Ahmedabad.I-T sources said that in the operation it was found that the group had suppressed its income to evade tax. IT officials said that the group has agreed to cough up tax on the unaccounted income during payment of their advance tax in December.In the last two months, I-T officials have intensified search and survey operation with fears of dip in advance tax collections. The department has cracked down on more than 50 groups in the last two months in the state.The officials have devised their ways to boost tax collections. Few officers are meeting top tax payers, while others have identified sectors where using survey operations tax compliance is to be increased.On Tuesday, the officials also initiated survey on a city-based jeweler which operated out of CG Road. The officials said that the jewelry group is believed to have suppressed their sales and verifying their records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17408455", "title": "Student wings of Janata Dal (United), RJD oppose elections", "text": "PATNA: Nitish Kumar-led JD(U) and Lalu Prasad Yadav-led RJD are arch rivals politically, but their student wings - Chhatra Janata Dal (U) and Rashtriya Chhatra Janata Dal, respectively - have, of late, emerged as strange bedfellows in so far as the forthcoming Patna University Students' Union (PUSU) elections are concerned.These two student outfits have joined hands in opposing the PUSU elections scheduled for December 11. They are opposed to the elections being held as per the recommendations of Lyngdoh Committee.Surprisingly, neither the ruling JD-U nor the RJD has so far spoken anything either in support or against the conduct of PU Students' Union elections. Some time back, education minister P K Shahi had, however, expressed his reservations against the Lyngdoh Committee recommendations.Chhatra JD-U leaders, who have been holding protest dharnas and demonstrations on the campus for the last few days, are opposed to most of the recommendations of the Lyngdoh Committee, including 75% attendance, regular passing of examinations, age limit and ceiling on election expenses, being made mandatory for contesting the polls. They have announced that they won't allow the elections to be held if these recommendations are not waived.The student wing of Bharatiya Janata Party , another constituent of NDA, is, however, taking active interest in the PUSU elections. Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) is engaged in electioneering and is likely to sponsor its candidates on all the key posts of the union.All other student organizations, including All India Students' Federation, All India Students' Association, Chhatra National Congress Party , All India Democratic Students' Organisation, Patna University Students' Forum, All India Backward Students' Forum and Bihar Vikas Chhatra Morcha have already started canvassing to garner the electorate's support for their candidates. They have been holding meetings in different colleges and organizing poster exhibitions highlighting students' welfare measures. While some organizations have already announced the names of candidates for different offices of the union, others are likely to do so in a day or two. Besides, several independent candidates are also likely to enter into the election fray.The sale of nomination forms will start on Thursday and these would be filed on Friday and Saturday. The final list of candidates contesting for all the 24 posts, including president (1), vice-president (1), general secretary (1), secretary (1), treasurer (1) and executive members (19) will be published on December 3, said PU Students' Union election committee convener U K Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17409411", "title": "Rs 550cr mega action plan for Red bastion", "text": "BOKARO: Like Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh who focussed on the development of Maoist-prone Saranda and Latehar areas in Jharkhand , the state government has turned its attention to the two Red zones of Bokaro - Jhumra and Upperghat.The district administration after conducting an exhaustive survey has come up with a mega development action plan concentrating on 80 villages of Jhumra and 39 villages of Upperghat, with a budget of Rs 550 crore. If all goes well, Jhumra and Upperghat will turn into the most prosperous parts of the state in the near future.Over half a dozen villages situated on the Jhumra hill in Gomia block are about 80 km away from the district headquarters, while Upperghat comprising several villages is about 62 km from Bokaro city in Nawadih block. These two areas are dreaded Maoist zones like Saranda where Ramesh travelled frequently to boost development in the recent past.Although Ramesh has not visited either Jhumra or Upperghat, development in these areas is picking pace. Jhumra was once known to be the Maoist headquarters. Security personnel busted training camps of ultras, unearthed landmines and entered into gun battles several times here. Upperghat has also seen several Maoist incidents that claimed the lives of countless security men. Both the hilly terrains with a thick forest cover are the most sensitive Maoist zones in the district. No major Maoist incident has taken place in Jhumra and Upperghat in the past one and a half year. This can be counted as an achievement of Bokaro police. But there's no denying the fact that development has had a role to play in this as well.Four years ago, when administrative officials were returning to their base after a Janta Durbar at Jhumra village situated at the peak of the hill, the villagers pelted them with stones demanding water, electricity, road and peace.Today the scene is different and the villagers who would criticize the administration earlier are now turning to block offices and Janta Durbars for a solution to their problems. Electricity reached the villages in Jhumra hill and its surrounding areas only six months ago. The demand of villagers for water has also been fulfilled with water tanks and water pipelines being installed about two years ago.Bokaro DC Sunil Kumar said 600 electricity poles were installed to cover the distance from Karma substation situated at in the foothill to Jamnijara and Jhumra villages. Seventy eight houses at Jhumra village and 32 households in Jamnijara have already been electrified.Turning the dream of more than 500 villagers residing in Jhumra hill into a reality, the administration has started construction of 12.7 km road from the base to the peak. Building roads here is an uphill task as topography and Maoists remain major constraints. If they had their way, Maoists would never want the terrain to be accessible to the police. But the administration is coming up with a road at a cost of about Rs 19 crore. CRPF men have been deployed at road construction site to prevent any disturbance. Upperghat too received good road network and other development projects in past few years.Kumar said that mega action plan is focused only on Jhumra and Upperghat areas like that of Saranda. However, the central government has identified Bokaro as one among the 78 Maoist-hit districts in the country and has sanctioned Rs 85 crore in the span of the past two years. Several development projects, including that of infrastructure, has been started across the district with that fund. \"But this action plan is only for Jhumra and Upperghat which will be sent to state government for approval. We have covered each and every area from roads, irrigation, health, education, electricity, agriculture, check dams, Aganwadi centres, animal husbandry to water, rural housing and other schemes which will bring massive development in these two belts. It will also help in weeding out extremisim,\" said Kumar. He added, if the government does not release the fund at one go, they will carry out the projects phase-wise from the funds they receive under various other schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17408245", "title": "Panel says dental student used unfair means", "text": "JAIPUR: A second year dental college student of NIMS University, whose complaint against its director that he sought sexual favour in lieu of awarding passing marks had triggered a controversy, has now found herself in the dock.The State Women's Commission, probing the complaint, said that the counter allegation by the university against the student of cheating while appearing in the supplementary exam has been found true. \"The chit recovered from the table during the exam has a handwriting similar to the complainant,\" said Lad Kumari Jain, chairperson of the Commission. \"It means that the girl had used unfair means at the examination hall.\"Her second allegation that she was deliberately failed in three subjects for refusing sexual favours was also found false. The commission checked her previous academic records and found that she was not a bright student and had flunked in subjects before also.\"We have called the examiners of a government dental college for rechecking her papers. The result was no-change in her marks. The rechecking by independent teachers refutes her second allegation of deliberately failing,\" said Jain. The case was reported to the commission on October 30, 2012.On her defense, the victim made a fresh allegation that \"cheating was a normal phenomena in our university.\"The interim report has brought much respite to NIMS administration. The NIMS University had argued that girl had falsely implicated them as she was caught cheating in the classroom. \"To divert the attention and punishment she had leveled false allegations,\" said a NIMS official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17407390", "title": "Not many takers for Telugu in schools, colleges", "text": "HYDERABAD: City students prefer learning oriental languages or German and French to Telugu with hopes of getting better jobs abroad while the government said on Wednesday it was firming up proposals of introducing Telugu from 2013-14 academic year in schools and colleges.Only a miniscule percent of students opt for Telugu in classrooms and according to official records of various central boards, just about 5% of an average of 5,500 class X students in CBSE and ICSE schools takes up Telugu as their second language. In Intermediate, just about 20% of the students opt for the language in their final examinations.As per last year's board examination records, out of 3,856 students who appeared for CBSE boards, just 2% opted for Telugu as their second language. And in ICSE, out of 1,563 students who wrote the examination, just 3% opted for Telugu. The situation is even worse in the intermediate Public Examination (IPE) as out of 8 lakh students who wrote the examination just 20% had opted for Telugu.The language choices of students in schools are guided by their quest for high scores, teachers explained. While Telugu is a low scoring paper, students opt for languages like Sanskrit and French to get over 90% marks. \"Most of the languages other than Telugu which are offered in colleges are taught at the elementary level. It is easy to study and easy to score,\" said M Prakash, a junior college lecturer.Students concentrating on cracking the Joint Entrance Examination (JEE) always opt for high-scoring languages. \"Students in Intermediate second year attend only three to four Sanskrit classes before they write the examination. With Telugu lessons, one cannot do that, hence a very small percent of even the Telugu speaking population opt for the language,\" said P Madhusudan Reddy, general secretary, Government Junior College Lecturers' Association.In several central board-run city schools, the reason for opting out of Telugu is different.\"Currently, there is a huge demand for oriental languages like Cantonese and Mandarin as parents are aware of job markets opening up in China,\" said principal of a school located in Begumpet. While most of the 70 CBSE and ICSE schools in the city offer French, German and Spanish, there are others which offer the less popular languages including Korean and Japanese.Meanwhile, the Andhra Pradesh State Council of Higher Education (APSCHE) said it was working on the various nuances of tweaking policies to introduce Telugu in colleges. In degree colleges, a three-point language formula will be introduced as per the recommendation of the Telugu Languages Commission, P Jayprakash Rao, chairman of APSCHE said. \"It will not be unilateral but made in consultation with the vice-chancellors of universities in the state,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17409999", "title": "Mysore University students want separate department for public administration", "text": "MYSORE: Students of MA in public administration on Wednesday demanded the University of Mysore to bifurcate their department from political science.About 100 postgraduate students boycotted classes and staged a protest in front of the Crawford Hall. Upset with their counterparts, students of political science who had stopped them from taking their semester exam in June, they demanded for a separate department and classrooms.Their demands include: a separate department with a chairman, board of studies and board of education.They have demanded the university to start public administration as an optional paper for BA students in all colleges affiliated to the university.\"There has been a lot of cold vibes between the students of the two courses. We want a separate department,\" H Govindaraju, an Mphil student in public administration, said. Students submitted a memorandum to the registrar in the absence of VC V G Talawar and threatened to go on a hunger strike if their demands are not met. The decision of the varsity is expected to be known on December 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17407701", "title": "Theft at Vaishali Nagar sparks protests", "text": "NAGPUR: A burglary at the residence of Pathan family at Vaishali Nagar, which came to fore on Wednesday morning, triggered protests among local residents, who said antisocial elements are starting to make forays in the locality.The burglars decamped with cash Rs 15,000 and some gold ornaments from the residence of a petty contractor when his family was away. Altaf Khan Pathan said that the miscreants had on an earlier occasion stolen his puppy too.\"We were supposed to return on Tuesday evening from our relative's place, but opted to stay back as we were delayed. A neighbour told us about the burglary after our milkman spotted the broken latch,\" said Pathan. The miscreants had broken open the front door latch to sneak into the house. \"The burglars damaged almirahs while forcibly opening them. They also searched for valuables on the first floor but could not find much. The rooms were left ransacked,\" he said.It's learnt that the Pathan family lost all the currency notes they had collected with the holy number '786' on them, worth around Rs 15,000. Pachpaoli police have registered an offence.Amit Pandey, a local political worker, said that the locality is being by miscreants. \"A bunch of armed youngsters barged into a house and looted the family at knife point in broad daylight earlier this year,\" he said. Pandey added that several dogs have been either found dead or are missing from the area, hinting at some miscreants doing away with the local dogs. \"Someone had killed my dog too some days back,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17409693", "title": "Schoolchildren sensitized on heritage", "text": "DHARWAD: Lt Gen (retired) SC Sardeshpande highlighted the importance of preserving and promoting the rich heritage of India. Inaugurating the Intach (Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage) Club at JSS Kannada Medium High School in Dharwad, he said India had several historical monuments which reflect the rich Indian art and culture and they need to be protected for posterity.These are the symbols of our supremacy in art, literature and culture. It is important to know that they need to be protected. Intach is into preserving them, he explained.Former commissioner of income tax NP Bhat, head mistress Rajani Das, Sudhamani Rao Maina Divate and others were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17409084", "title": "Official report suggests takeover of poor home", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The recent spate of controversies involving the government-funded Sri Chitra Poor Home may see the shelter for destitutes ending up under the complete control of the state government. Social welfare department director M S Jaya has made a recommendation towards this in a report submitted to social welfare minister M K Muneer on Wednesday.The minister himself acknowledged this in a press conference he convened here. He had ordered the director to conduct a probe following several complaints against the present administrators of the poor home. The report also contained the official's findings on the recent incidents at the poor home, including the cases of two boys trying to flee the institution and a molestation attempt complained by a nine-year-old girl inmate.The minister said that strict action will be taken, based on the recommendations made in the report. At present, the government has difficulties in getting directly involved in the administration of poor homes like Sri Chitra. Hence, the recommendation on taking over the poor home would be considered seriously.He further said that the department had embarked on a mission to modernize all orphanages and care homes for children, women and aged people under the social welfare department. The department officials are already in the process of preparing an action plan for the venture. The plan is to complete the modernization works within a year.Meanwhile, there was a fresh town on Wednesday following allegations that the Sri Chitra home authorities denied readmission to the eight-year-old boy who had tried to run away a few days ago, when his father brought him back on Tuesday. But the superintendent of the poor home, Aleyamma Varghese, dismissed the allegations stating that their actions were purely based on rules and regulations.She said that Rajesh, the father of the boy, had taken him from the poor home after giving a written statement. Now, the boy can be readmitted only with the approval of the child welfare committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "17409881", "title": "TAPMI adjudged the best B-school", "text": "MANIPAL: Just a month after the Credit Rating Information Services of India Limited (CRISIL) gave the A*** grade to TA Pai Management Institute (TAPMI), the business school has earned one more feather in its cap. At the 20th Dewang Mehta Business Schools (DMBS) award ceremony held in Mumbai recently, TAPMI has won six awards including the best B-school award in Management category. The event was organized by Business School Affaire and Hindustan Unilever Limited.K Manjunath, chief librarian of TAPMI was adjudged with the AIMS International Outstanding Librarian Award at the event and the award will be conferred on him at the 10th AIMS international conference on Management to be held in IIM-Bangalore in January 2013.Other awards that the institution bagged are: Best professor in operations management - Raghunath Rudran, best placement brochure, second place in best student award (female category) and fourth place in overall best student award category \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Esha Gupta, best student in management (male) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Unnikrishnana Nair, best paper presentation (research based) award \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Sidharth Panigrahi, Unnikrishnan Nair. Contestants from more than 33 leading B-schools from across India took part in the event.O Chowdari Prasad, chairman admissions, TAPMI said, \"Such awards boost the confidence of students and will help attract students from different parts of the country and abroad.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17407954", "title": "Errant builders must give Mhada its share by April", "text": "MUMBAI: After slapping fines on developers of cessed buildings who are yet to surrender surplus built-up area worth over Rs 200 crore to Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada), the state housing department has now given them time till April next year to comply.About 33 developers owe Mhada 1.22 lakh sq ft of built-up space, which is roughly equivalent to 407 small-sized (300 sq ft) flats. In a recent order, the department gave the builders time till April 15 to surrender the surplus area. In cases where the area on site is inadequate, it has permitted surrender of an equivalent area in the same ward. Officials said fines would be collected for the period till the area is surrendered. Criminal action will be initiated against developers who fail to do so by April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407609", "title": "Vote on FDI likely in LS, RS still a worry for UPA", "text": "NEW DELHI: The possibility of Parliament functioning on Thursday brightened with the government ready for a vote on its FDI in retail policy in Lok Sabha but UPA's fragile numbers in Rajya Sabha continue to be a thorn in the flesh for the ruling coalition.Negotiations between the government and BJP leaders failed to achieve a breakthrough as the opposition insisted on a vote on FDI in both Houses, rejecting parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath's proposal for a floor test only in Lok Sabha.Aware that UPA will have to scramble for numbers in the upper House, the government suggested that a vote could be done away with in Rajya Sabha. Leaders of opposition in Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha, Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley , did not find this acceptable.Assured of the support of other opposition groups like Left, AIADMK, BJD and smaller outfits like AGP and TDP, the BJP leaders saw no need to withdraw their demand for a vote in both Houses, leaving the government to deal with unenviable choices.Some ministers voiced the view that the Lok Sabha vote was crucial and a loss in the upper House could be swallowed. But while this might look like an effort to reconcile with the situation , government managers do not want to lose a vote in Parliament.Minister of state for parliamentary affairs Rajeev Shukla , who was also part of the negotiations, said, \"We hope Parliament will begin functioning as government is open to a discussion under any rule.\" The expectation is based on Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar likely to accept a motion under Rule 184 that entails a vote.There is a possibility that the discussion will be first initiated in Lok Sabha next week giving time for the government to bring BSP and SP around to supporting UPA in the upper House. The opposition is already preparing for the next round with CPM's Sitaram Yechury saying \"amendments to foreign exchange amendment act allowing FDI in retail must be voted by the Budget session.\"Swaraj argued that UPA need not fear defeat as the government would not fall. \"Only the FDI decision will have to go. If majority of members are against the decision, then the government should abide by it,\" she said. But this hardly suits the government.With the meeting with BJP leaders proving a partial success, the government is confronted with Samajwadi Party's refusal to vote in favour of global retailers setting up shop in India. The government needs the support of SP's 9 and BSP's 15 MPs to cross the hurdle in Rajya Sabha.The upper House has an effective strength of 244, even the abstention of SP and BSP will bring the halfway mark down to 110, leaving the UPA well short at 95 MPs. The odds may improve a bit if BSP's 15 MPs vote for the government, but just SP abstaining means the halfway mark rises 118. In a closely divided House, there are hardly any unattached votes.BSP leader Mayawati has said she will decide her stand once a relevant motion is before Parliament. The BSP supremo has made it clear that her cooperation hinges on the government moving a contentious bill seeking to grant reservation in promotions for SC/ST government employees.The government has listed the bill but matters are not so simple. SP leaders have dropped ample hints that the party will oppose the bill tooth and nail, equating it with their resistance to the proposed law providing 33% quota for women in all legislatures.SP believes opposing the SC/ST bill pays it dividends in its backward caste constituency while also finding favour of upper castes. BJP's compulsions do not allow it to oppose the bill outright, but SP has no such qualms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17408935", "title": "Mercury dips in city, weatherman says cold weather likely to last 3-4 days", "text": "CHENNAI: Cold nights are back in the city. After see-sawing for three weeks now, the minimum temperature is once again dipping. This weather condition is likely to last 3-4 days.November, the coldest month, began with the minimum temperature around 23 degrees Celsius after cyclone Nilam crossed the coast on October 31 and the city was virtually cloudless. By November 18, it fell to 17.6 degrees Celsius, the lowest in a decade.The rise and fall in temperature, say Met officials say, is mainly dependent on cloud cover and relative humidity. \"When the sky is clear, the heat escapes the atmosphere faster. The presence of clouds traps some of the heat,\" said India Meteorological Department deputy director-general Y E A Raj.There has been little moisture, usually brought by winds from the east, due to the weak monsoon activity. Soon after the all-time low of 17.6 degrees Celsius, a new system formed 1,100km southwest of Chennai and began moving in a northwesterly direction. As it neared the coast, the moisture content increased and the minimum temperature rose to 25 degrees C.Now, it is falling again. On Tuesday, the minimum temperature was 22.2 degrees C and further dropped on Wednesday to 20.6 degrees C. \"However, this is just one degree below normal for this week,\" said a regional meteorological centre official.The dry weather is likely to continue for three days at least. \"Apart, from the occasional shower, we do not expect any changes in the weather. Some rain is expected from December 4,\" said Raj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17408766", "title": "Free dialysis a boon to poor: CM", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar was greeted by protests on Wednesday as soon he arrived for the inauguration of Pandit Deendayal Dialysis Centre at Rajajinagar, an initiative taken by local MLA and law minister Suresh Kumar.Jayakumar Hiremath, an activist fighting against corruption, threw pamphlets demanding the appointment of Lokayukta and a halt to corrupt practices in BBMP even as Shettar was walking towards the stage.Hiremath said the government is turning a blind eye to corruption in the state. Shettar continued to walk towards the centre, without showing any signs that he noticed the chaos.Addressing the audience, Shettar said: \"A dialysis centre providing free treatment for BPL card holders and subsidized treatment to those above poverty line is a boon, at a time, when many are suffering from kidney diseases.\"He compared the benefits of the dialysis centre to Vajpayee Arogyashri Yojana, which provides BPL people with free/subsidized treatment at super-specialty private hospitals.Suresh Kumar said: \"It's difficult for a poor person to shell out Rs 5,000-6,000 for dialysis every month. Dialysis is a continuous process and can ruin a person financially. The main reason behind starting this centre was to help them. At least 10 people have already registered with the centre and will be put on treatment immediately. The centre can treat 18 people every day.\"The nine-bed centre has been opened under a public-private partnership initiative with Rotary Club of Peenya. About Rs 2 crore has been contributed by Suresh Kumar from his MLA's local area development fund.Home minister R Ashoka and Mayor Venkatesh Murthy left soon after Suresh Kumar addressed the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17406978", "title": "Ponda man hit by speeding bus, dies", "text": "PONDA: Dinesh B Mazalkar, 40, a resident of Gaune in Ponda, who was knocked down by a speeding passenger bus at Karanzal-Marcaim on Wednesday afternoon, succumbed to his injuries in the evening.Ponda police said the Mazalkar was crossing a road when the bus hit him while proceeding to Marcaim late Wednesday afternoon. He sustained severe injuries and succumbed to them while being administered treatment at the Ponda community health center.The police have registered an offence under Sections 304-A (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) and 279 (rash and negligent driving) of IPC and the driver of the bus, Sanjay Naik, a resident of Kundaim has been arrested. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kuala lumpur", "code": "17407684", "title": "Asian footballers await biggest prize", "text": "KUALA LUMPUR: In the constellation of Asian football, Ali Karimi is the star burning brightest at the moment. The Wizard of Tehran is lionized by the press, so much so that a media conference was rescheduled by two hours to accommodate his late arrival in the city.Needless to say, the photographers are following his every moment and fans jostling for a slice of him. Even the two other contenders for the AFC Player of the Year award seemed happy playing second fiddle.\"It's an honour to be seated alongside Karimi. He has been my hero and remains a big star back home in South Korea,\" said Lee Keun-ho .Lee is a huge star himself in South Korea and, by many accounts, could - or rather should - be the winner of the AFC Player of the Year 2012 to be presented at a glitzy ceremony on Thursday.The South Korean played an influential role in Ulsan Hyundai's run to the 2012 Asian Champions League title and later walked away with the Most Valuable Player (MVP) award.His performance throughout the tournament - scoring in four consecutive games prior to the final - has been described as \"exemplary\" and should he, as expected, be crowned the best in Asia, it will be a fitting tribute before he goes on to join the South Korean army for compulsory two-year duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kuala lumpur", "code": "17407695", "title": "India lose AFC Challenge Cup bid", "text": "KUALA LUMPUR: India's ambitious bid to host the AFC Challenge Cup next year went up in smoke as the AFC Competitions Committee decided to award the hosting rights to Maldives on Wednesday.India were among the four countries who were jostling for rights to host the tournament, the winner of which would earn a direct qualification to the Asian Cup 2015 in Australia. The Competitions Committee, however, did not consider the former champions' bid and instead decided to narrow down the choice to Maldives and The Philippines .\"We had made it clear to the All India Football Federation (AIFF) that they were not being considered since India had already hosted the tournament in 2008,\" said a senior AFC official.AIFF president Praful Patel , deputy chairman of the AFC Competitions Committee, did not attend the meeting on Wednesday.Tajikistan were also in the fray but their recent hosting of the AFC President's Cup meant they too, like India, lost out at the first stage itself.\"The AFC wants different Member Associations to host tournaments. The committee felt Maldives was the best choice. Maldives will host the next edition of this eight-team final,\" said the official.The winners of the AFC Challenge Cup 2016 and 2018 will not be eligible for direct slots in the 2019 AFC Asian Cup but will have to play the play-offs with the two best remaining teams from the AFC Asian Cup qualifiers who failed to qualify for the Finals.Meanwhile, participating countries - mostly lower ranked - will heave a sigh of relief after the committee approved North Korea's exclusion from future AFC Challenge Cups and maintain automatic qualification for top three teams from the 2015 edition in the next edition. North Korea won the 2011 Challenge Cup in Nepal and have already sealed their place in Asia's biggest football tournament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17407823", "title": "NMC standing panel favouring non-performing firm?", "text": "NAGPUR: Installation of traffic signals at 10 major squares in the city seems to have hit a roadblock. It has become a victim of standing committee's questionable decision to go for retendering the work.Sources at Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) told TOI that traffic signals at these squares were important as existing signals at three of ten proposed junctions were non-functional and barely functioning at the remaining seven. \"Traffic police had asked for traffic signals at these junctions a couple of years ago. The work at these junctions was taken up in second phase. The proposal was prepared in June this year but has been facing one problem after another,\" sources said.The traffic department of the NMC prepared the proposal and sent it for approval of municipal commissioner on June 28, 2012. The department proposed that the works to be done only by manufacturers of traffic signals. The then municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal okayed the proposal worth Rs 44.60 lakh. Then it was tabled for approval of standing committee that, for some reason, wanted to allow dealers to participate in the tender.The department floated the tender and four agencies participated of which two were manufacturers and others claimed to be dealers. The department verified documents of all four and found that one Decofurn Constructions submitted a copy of agreement and claimed itself re-seller. The agency is doing the work of installation of traffic signals at 48 junctions since 2010 and also undertakes operation and maintenance of the signals.The department asked legal advice to confirm whether the agency may be called as dealer or re-seller. Senior counselor Sudhir Puranik in his legal advice dated August 30 confirmed that the agency was re-seller and not dealer. Thus, the agency was declared disqualified along with another agency. Then, the department opened the bids of remaining two agencies of which the lowest bid was of Pune-based Nucleonics which is a manufacturer.After taking the approval from municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane, the department sent the proposal for approval from standing committee for issuing work order. The standing committee, however, on November 12 kept the proposal pending asking the department information about bids that were not opened. Then the committee, in its November 26 meeting, sent the proposal back to the department asking it to go for re-tendering. It did not mention any reason for its decision. Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari said the decision was taken as one of the bids was not opened.Sources, however, said the panel is wanting to favour Decofurn constructions which has a dubious record. \"The agency failed to complete work on 48 junctions by July 2011 which was condition in the contract. The work on 17 junctions is still pending. Therefore, the department decided to execute works by manufacturer. The case is a fine example of how particular agencies are favoured at NMC,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17387601", "title": "Kim Kardashian shares weight loss tips", "text": "Kim Kardashian, who is famous for her womanly curves, has hared her post-indulgence weight loss tip - throw out those Thanksgiving leftovers.For many tucking into the leftovers is as eagerly anticipated as the Thanksgiving meal itself.\"Throw out those left overs!\" the Daily Mail quoted Kim as writing.\"As delicious as they are, Thanksgiving is over.\"You don't need to eat those left overs!\"\"With the Thanksgiving break now over, it's time to get back to the grind.\"\"We all indulge a little over Thanksgiving, after all, that's what the holidays are all about!\" she wrote.The 32-year-old shopaholic advised those who were planning on hitting the shops, online or at the mall, to concentrate on buying items that would help them achieve their workout goals.\"There are tons of deals in stores and online so treat yourself to a new workout outfit or some new sneakers that will get you motivated to hit the gym,\" she wrote.Kim admitted that she had also indulged during the holiday season.\"Don't beat yourself up, but stay focused,\" she said.\"We all gain a few pounds here or there during the holidays, and that's fine.\"But get back into your regular lifestyle and focus on eating healthier and limiting your 'treats'... after all, Christmas is just around the corner,\" she said.Her her very last tip was a simple one - drink more water'.\"You'd be surprised the difference drinking more water can make to your weightloss mission and workouts,\" Kim said.\"Most of us don't drink enough, and you've probably been avoiding water these last few days and treating yourself to sodas, alcohol and yummy holiday drinks. Two-four litres per day of water is what you should be drinking, so strive for that!\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17409250", "title": "Poor upkeep takes toll on big cat population", "text": "BOKARO: At a time when animal lovers of the country are running roaring campaigns to save the big cats of the jungle, the death of a six-month-old cub at Jawaharlal Nehru Biological Park, commonly known as Bokaro zoo, has once again exposed the zoo authorities' negligence.The death of Akbar, a white tiger cub, takes the number at Bokaro zoo to four - two tigers and two cubs - in just eight months.Spread over 127 acres, Bokaro zoo is home to about 340 species of animals and birds. It is maintained by Bokaro Steel Plant. The zoo has lost more than a dozen animals, including seven tigers, since 2005.Besides tigers, two lions, two hippopotamuses, three leopards and other birds have also died due to poor maintenance that usually leads to diseases like diarrhoea.Akbar was diagnosed with diarrhoea a couple of days ago and was under treatment. On Wednesday morning, when the zoo staff visited its enclosure to give medicines and food, they found Akbar dead. All efforts by the veterinary doctor at the zoo, G Chakraborty, to save the cub failed. The zoo authorities in presence of district forest officials later conducted postmortem and buried Akbar's body.Authorities, however, denied allegations of ill-maintenance. \"None of the inmates died of poor upkeep. Some died a natural death with old age while others of diseases,\" said Bokaro Steel Plant spokesperson Sanjay Tiwari.But the rising number of deaths at the zoological park contradicts claims of good maintenance by authorities.When several states are seriously working towards tiger conservation, Bokaro zoo authorities are taking little precautions to check these deaths. The zoo lacks infrastructure needed for the safekeeping of wild animals.Unlike other places, it does not have any special arrangement to protect animals from heat or cold waves. Security at the zoo is not enough and outsiders often sneak into the boundaries without getting noticed. The damaged boundary wall remains unrepaired even after several incidents of theft inside the zoo and at the zoo hospital.The park is also facing acute manpower crunch and cannot patrol the menagerie effectively. Sources said the zoo was losing its trees as squatters often cross the boundary wall to collect firewood.While the recent deaths have drawn the attention of animal activists in the city, it has hardly made an impact on the Jharkhand forest department, which is doing little to conserve the wild cats. However, an official in the department admitted that death of animals at Bokaro zoo is the highest among other zoos in the state, including Ranchi and Jamshedpur.With Akbar's death, the number of tigers has reduced to two. Akbar's parents - Ganga and Satpuda - came to the zoo on January 22 from Maitri Bagh in Bhilai. They were brought in exchange of an emu, a peacock and parakeets. Akbar's other brothers were Amar and Antony.Antony died on June 21, 35 days after it was born. The male tiger, Satpuda, died of paralysis and sores on August 25.Earlier in April, another male tiger Vishnu died a mysterious death, but zoo authorities claimed that it was a natural death. Ganga and her cub Amar are the survivors.Of the seven tigers that died, two were tigresses, three were male tigers and two cubs. Meanwhile, the female hippopotamus, Basanti died during pregnancy in 2010, November while the two male Lions died in past three years span.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17408765", "title": "Accused in Rs 1.50 crore fraud arrested", "text": "NASHIK: Mayank Dhruv, the main accused in the fraud case of Vikalp Trade Solutions to the tune of nearly Rs 1.50 crore, was arrested by the Sarkarwada police and remanded to custody till December 3 by a Nashik court on Wednesday.According to the police, the accused was taken into custody after he was found moving about in the court premises on Tuesday afternoon. One more accused in the case Smita Mayank Dhruv, wife of Mayank Dhruv was sent to judicial custody on Monday.The Sarkarwada Police said that the hunt for the other four accused was underway. Those still absconding are Sanjay Bhalerao, Vijay Nikam, Yogesh Khairnar and Santosh Aher.Senior police officials informed that interrogation during the police custody of accused Mayank Dhruv will help them identify the proportion of fraud the accused have committed in Nashik and the people who have been cheated in the case.According to the police, Dhruv also had one more office in Mumbai at Dadar which was ransacked by the investors there last year on the day of Raksha Bandhan.Since two accused in the scam, Santosh Aher and Sanjay Bhelerao, are retired cops and were active directors in Vikalp, there is a possibility that a large number of police personnel may have invested in the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407781", "title": "Man who threw acid on kin gets life term", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man has been awarded life imprisonment by the Delhi high court for killing a 21-year-old woman by throwing acid on her.The convict, Subhash, wanted to establish an illicit relationship with his distant relative, Nirmala. But when she spurned his advances, a vengeful Subhash threw acid on her in March 2005, mortally wounding her and injuring her two sisters.Hearing Nirmala's screams, her father woke up and rushed to the room and saw Subhash holding a jug which he dropped and fled. While leaving, he bolted the door from outside. Nirmala's father called the police and rushed her to the hospital. After fighting for life for almost a fortnight, Nirmala succumbed to her injuries. In her dying declaration, she accused Subhash; and her sisters, too, confirmed that she had reprimanded Subhash a day before the attack for making a pass at her.Subhash challenged Nirmala's dying declaration as well as the testimonies of her sisters. However, the trial court convicted him of murder and sentenced him to life imprisonment. Subhash then moved high court against the verdict; but a bench of Justice Sanjiv Khanna and Justice S P Garg shot down the plea and upheld the verdict of the lower court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17407811", "title": "Civic body scrambles to recover 10 per cent demolition charges from developers", "text": "PUNE: After cracking down on the illegal buildings, the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) is chasing developers of these buildings to recover expenses incurred on demolition. The anti encroachment department has sent over 400 notices to people, who have built unauthorised constructions. The civic administration has managed only ten percent recovery of the total expenses.\"In last couple of months PMC has sent 400 notices. Some people have more than one illegal construction, so we have sent multiple notices to them,\" sources said.The sources further added, \"Total expense for demolition of the illegal buildings is nearly Rs 50 lakh. Out of that around Rs 5 lakh have been recovered.\" Expenses include the money spent on manpower and machinery and depend on the size of the building. It can range from Rs 20,000 to Rs 2 lakh per construction. Other expenses include payment to contract labourers, hiring of excavators, transportation, communication, survey of illegal buildings, paper work and other staff expenses. There are other direct and indirect expenses such as providing police protection to the squad during the drive.\"The response to recovery is poor. People carrying out illegal construction don't come forward to pay the demolition charges. PMC too don't have a system for a consistant follow up of the notices. Hardly ten percent recovery of demolition charges takes place. Only those people, who wish to carry out legal construction on the same place, come back to PMC and pay the demolition charges.\"A section handling demolition that works under the building department and anti-encroachment department sends notices to illegal constructions before carrying out the demolition. The PMC carries out the drive using machines such as X-cutter which are more effective. The charges of this machine are Rs 250 per sq m.Total charges for demolition of one sq ft of illegal construction with manual works and PMC-owned smaller machinery, are to the tune of around Rs 20 per sq ft. If PMC goes for highly mechanized demolition with private contractors' machines and manpower, then the cost would be around Rs 32 per sq ft, PMC officials said.The demolition team comprises 100 civic officials and 100 workers, as well as 120 police personnel. As many as 12 JCBs, 10 breakers and 10 gas cutters were used during the demolition drive. Even vehicles such as vans, cars and trucks are used in the drive.Anti encroachment drive was carried out at Taljai, Dhankawadi, Kharadi, Shivajinagar, Janwadi, Gokhalenagar, Baner, Balewadi, Pashan, Vadgaonsheri, Kalas, Dhanori, Warje-Karvenagar, Kondhwa and Kothrud during last two months.When contacted to Mukund Barve, sectional engineer of PMC' anti encroachment department, who looks after the demolition division, he said that civic administration was taking different steps to recover the charges, \"Measures like recovering the money from property tax are being adopted. Even steps are being taken to set up a squad to do follow up\" he said, while speaking to TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17408532", "title": "Whistleblower alleges government pressure to give up case", "text": "LUDHIANA: Rajesh Jain, whistleblower in a corruption case against municipal corporation (MC) functionaries, alleged being threatened by the ruling party to stop him from pursuing the case.In a letter to the Punjab vigilance bureau chief director, Jain of Gulchaman Street said he is a material prosecution witness in the case registered against disputed building owner Mohinder Kumar Mehta, draftsman Bhant Singh, building inspectors Gurdeep Singh Bhogal, Padam Chand Sharma and Hardeep Singh. They were booked by the Ludhiana range vigilance bureau on January 25, 2005 for making forged documents. These papers pertained to encroachments on public streets and illegal, non compoundable commercial construction on a Chauri Sarak property.After he gave evidence exposing the nexus between the owner of the property in question and municipal corporation employees, the Vigilance Bureau arrested then assistant town planner Mohan Lal, then municipal town planner Shakti Sagar Bhatia and two draftsmen Mohinder Pal and Nirmal Singh. The vigilance bureau filed three chargesheets in court and the case is on prosecution evidence at present. Two more appeals are pending in court and Jain is a party in one of the cases.In his letter, Jain stated that he had voiced his apprehensions through an application dated March 29, 2008. He said he was under pressure from some leaders of the ruling party who were allegedly making direct and indirect threats to get him off the case.\"I will not be intimidated by pressure as I want to expose corruption and the nexus that has led to mushrooming of illegal buildings in the city. I wrote the letter to apprise the department of the threats so that the vigilance department takes action to safeguard my life and liberty as well as that of my family,\" said Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17407849", "title": "Tiwari wants project to be completed before his tenure ends", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), usually in news for project delays, has made the completion of Swami Vivekananda memorial project mandatory by February 28. The chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari might want the project completed during his tenure.In the terms and conditions of the bids for the Rs 85 lakh statue, the NMC has, probably for the first time, made it mandatory for completion of the work on a given date. Normally, the NMC mentions a span of time like six months or two years as deadline and not a specific date.The significance of the deadline matches with the tenure of Tiwari. The project is the brainchild of Tiwari who is a staunch follower of Swami Vivekananda. \"The target is to perform bhoomipujan of the project on January 12, 2013, which is the date of commencement of 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda. The project will be inaugurated in March,\" he said. Tiwari's tenure will come to an end in the middle of March 2013 or on March 31.Officials, however, say that the same rigour about the deadline should be followed when it comes to completing developmental projects directly linked with civic services like those approved under JNNRUM, cement road, malls, multispecialty hospitals, rejuvenation of lakes and rivers, beautification and conservation of gardens like Ambazari etc have failed to either start to complete within the deadline. No specific date is mentioned for completion of these projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17408894", "title": "Love triangle in Anandnagar murder", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Investigating the case of a 50-year old woman's murder in Anandnagar, city police sent two teams to Ranchi in Jharkhand and Bareilly in Uttar Pradesh to get more information on the missing domestic help, the prime suspect in the case. Two more teams are working in the city to put together the jigsaw puzzle of the information gathered so far.On Monday, Samarth Agarwal, a resident of Dhananjay Bungalows near Shyamal Crossroads, found his mother, Madhu Agarwal, 50, dead on the floor of her bedroom at 4.30 pm. She was stabbed multiple times and when she was taken to a nearby hospital, she was declared brought dead. She had 42 stab injuries. Police had recovered a knife and a country-made gun from the spot.\"We have formed four teams to investigate the case and look at all the possible angles involved. Two teams will start for other states where we are expecting to get details on Manila, the missing maid living in outhouse of the bungalow. She was hired through an agency in Bareilly. We will get her address and photograph from the recruiters. We are also gathering information on Rohit, a youth working as a cook for a while at the Agarwal household,\" said Neeraj Badgujar, deputy commissioner of police, Zone I.Police are yet to get a clear motive in the case. A senior official said that they are probing the possibility that Rohit and Manila might have worked hand in hand for the incident. \"Though Manila was engaged with another youth and was to get married next month, she knew she could get a good booty from this home. The act, however, could not have been planned beforehand as we have found Manila's personal belongings in the outhouse,\" said an investigator. Police had earlier tried to get the details of CCTV cameras of the railway stations but without Manila's photograph,they could not pinpoint any suspect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "17410040", "title": "Nepalis in Dooars, Terai unhappy with GJM", "text": "JALPAIGURI: Though the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha's (GJM) ultimate aim may be to achieve a separate Gorkhaland state comprising the Dooars and Terai along with the Darjeeling Hills, little has been done ever since the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) came to power.A large section of Nepalis in the plains are therefore anxious about their future and have expressed unhappiness at the Hills party.\"The GJM leaders must not have gone into any agreement with the state and the Centre, excluding the Dooars and Terai. We too have fought for the cause and have borne more trouble as we are surrounded by the tribals. It has been one long year and there has been no discussion on Dooars and Terai since the formation of the GTA,\" a GJM activist from Kalchini said.It may be recalled that since the beginning of the Gorkhaland movement in 2008, the Nepalis living in Dooars and Terai had played an active role . They participated in the movement with all their vigourand in the process developed an enmity with the tribals. A clash between the two groups had also claimed the life of one Akbar Lama of Ethelbari.But at the time of signing an agreement, the GJM leaders settled down for GTA, excluding the Dooars and Terai.The Nepalis had initially accepted the move. But lack of initiative on the part of GJM issue of inclusion of Dooars and Teraihas triggered a sense of dissent among them. Moreover, their doubts have increased ever since the state government's high-power committee ruled out the addition of the 399 mouzas from Dooars and Terai to the GTA. Although the matter has gone for a revision, a section of the Nepali population feel that if the GTA starts getting funds properly, their matter would be forgotten.\"The long silence is intolerable. It makes us think if the Hills leaders have forgotten us.In the 80s, when Ghisingh had launched his movement for Gorkhaland, the people of Dooars had supported him. But when DGHC was signed, Dooars and Terai were forgotten. Let's hope this time it isn't like that,\" a Birpara youth said.The GJM leadership seems to be aware of a resentment brewing in the plains. against them in the Dooars. It is therefore that the party has decided to hold a series of meetings with their supporters starting from December. Keeping in mind the ensuing panchyat polls next year, GJM's first target now, as it seems, is not to lose the support base they have in the Dooars.\"We have decided to hold a series of meetings with our men in December. The panchayat polls are drawing near and our party will play an active role in the elections,\" said Samuel Gurung, a central committee member of GJM, who is in charge of the Dooars.The GJM leaders in the Dooars, however, are ready to wait till the panchayat polls. \"Let's see what strategy the party adopts in the panchayat polls and after that. We still are keeping our faith on the Hills leadership,\" said Madhukar Thapa.Achieving a separate Gorkhaland state comprising the Dooars and Terai along with the Darjeleing Hills may be the ultimate goal of Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM). But with more than a year passing by since the formation of Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) and the Dooars and Terai being left out of it, a large section of Nepalis living in the plains are fast turning unhappy with the Hills party as there has been no development on the issue in the period in-between.From the beginning of the Gorkhaland movement in 2008, the Nepalis living in the Dooars and Terai had played an active role in it. They participated in the movement with all their vigour and in the process grew an enmity with the tribals with whom they have been living with from decades. A clash between the two groups also claimed the life of one Akbar Lama of Ethelbari.But when it came to coming into an agreement, the GJM leaders settled down for GTA excluding the Dooars and Terai. Initially, however, the Nepalis living in the plains had accepted formation of the GTA. But the lack of development on the issue of amalgamation of Dooars and Terai in the one year time has added to the unrest of large section of Nepalis in Dooars. Their confusion has increased after the experts' committee ruled out adding 399 mouzas from the Dooars and Terai to the GTA. Although the matter has gone for a revision, a section of the Nepali population has started believing that if the GTA starts getting funds properly, their matter would be forgotten.\"The GJM leaders must not have gone into any agreement with the state and the Centre excluding the Dooars and Terai. We too have fought for the cause and have borne more trouble since we are surrounded by tribals. It has been one long year and there has been no discussion on Dooars and Terai since the formation of GTA,\" a GJM activist from Kalchini said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17408465", "title": "Food stall owners miffed by water shortage", "text": "LUCKNOW: Many shopkeepers of the food stalls were dissatisfied with the organising committee of Lucknow Mahotsav, saying arrangement of water supply was inadequate. Besides, they said some people were using the open space at the backyard of the food court to relieve themselves.Talking to TOI, Nadeem, owner of a food stall said, \"There is not a single drop of water in the tank. With no option left, we are providing bottles of mineral water along with the food.\" He added that it leads to argument between them and customers since they charge for mineral water while the customers believe it is the duty of every eatery to provide free drinking water with the food.Even if some tankers are full, no water comes out of the taps. A Rajasthani food vendor who is putting up a stall at the mahotsav for the last five years complained the taps are dry. Every time, they have to fetch water from the tanker kept at a distant place. He said, \"We never faced any such problem earlier. This year, we are suffering because of poor management.\"Endorsing the view, another stall owner Mahendra Singh , said, \"The open space at the back of food court is covered with garbage. Instead of going to a toilet visitors are using the space to relieve themselves and nobody is checking them.\"When asked to comment, R S Yadav secretary of Lucknow Mahotsav organising committee said, \"Only some of the stall owners are facing problem of inadequate water supply. We have issued necessary instructions and the problem will be solved soon.\" About littering and dirtying the space, Yadav said, \"Lucknow Municipal Corporation is responsible for cleanliness and we will ask them to look in to the matter.\" He added that there were 80 toilets on the Mahotsav premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17408574", "title": "Samajwadi Party leader held for killing cousin by accident", "text": "LUCKNOW: The person leveling allegations turned out to be the accused in the Bijnore incident in which a teen-aged girl succumbed to a bullet injury. Resident of Meerut, Toshi, a student of Class X, was hit by a stray bullet fired by her cousin Rajat Rastogi alias Shanky, aimed at his rival Furqan. When the latter fled the spot, the former hid the weapon of murder and passed the blame on him. In the mean time, a situation of communal riot was averted with the intervention of responsible and influential locals. Rastogi, who owns a medical shop in Shivaji Market in Bijnore, is vice president of Samajwadi Party (SP) Yuvajan Sabha's district unit. On Tuesday, he was at the medical shop and also present there was his cousin Toshi. According to police, Rastogi's estranged business partner Furqan came to the shop with two aides and following heated words, Rastogi fired at Furqan with his .32 bore unlicensed firearm, but the bullet missed the latter and hit Toshi who was at the shop. While Furqan and his aides tried to escape, Rastogi hid the weapon and passed the blame on the former. Meanwhile, Toshi, who was struck by the bullet in the stomach was first taken to a local hospital from where she was referred to Moradabad and died on the way.Based on the version of Furqan and the circumstantial evidence, SP Nitin Tewari rounded up Rastogi and arrested him on finding the murder weapon from his premises and following his confession of crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17409359", "title": "Airtel Money debuts in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: Thousands of people in remote areas of the state have a tough time receiving or sending money as the country struggles to achieve cent per cent financial inclusion. Now they can breath easy with Bharti Airtel launching its Airtel Money services in the state on Wednesday.Chief executive officer of Bharati Airtel (Bihar and Jharkhand), Dhruv Bhagat, said though the concept is very upmarket, in Jharkhand it would be a boon for people living in rural areas where banking service is absent.\"Anyone having Airtel Money account can get money instantly from anywhere in the country through mobile. Since most rural areas in the state do not have banks and the annual remittance of Jharkhand is around Rs 15,000 crore, the company feels that rural customers will definitely use and get benefitted from the facility,\" said Bhagat.Besides, one can buy products, pay bills and get cash from more than 12,000 Airtel Money outlets in the state.Bhagat said the service is fast and one can get the amount within 30 minutes of transferring the money. \"If the amount is small, say Rs 500 or Rs 1,000, then the customer can get the money instantly. We say 30 minutes when the amount is about Rs 5,000 and up to Rs 50,000 because in rural areas the authorized outlets may not have such huge cash with them,\" said an official of the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "dharmapuri", "code": "17408189", "title": "Dharmapuri dalits on hunger strike, wants CM to visit, CBI probe", "text": "DHARMAPURI: Around 4,000 dalits, including residents of Natham Colony, Kondampatty and Anna Nagar, the hamlets ravaged by the anti-dalit violence of November 7, began an indefinite hunger strike on Wednesday demanding that chief minister J Jayalalithaa visit their homes and ask CBI to probe the incident. They also refused to accept the compensation announced by the government.\"The government had announced a paltry amount. We are not ready to accept it. We expect the government to give Rs 15 lakh to each affected family under the SC/ST Atrocities Prevention Act. Besides, the chief minister should visit all the affected villages immediately,\" said S Sakthi, a resident of Natham Colony.School and college-going students also joined the protest. \"Nearly 120 students from Natham Colony, 45 from Kondampatty and 30 from Anna Nagar participated in the hunger strike,\" said B M Nandhan, state youth wing general secretary of Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi (VCK). \"The government should arrest PMK leader S Ramadoss and Vanniyar Association president 'Kaduvetti' Guru under IPC sections 120 (B), 153 (A), 505(1)(B) &amp; (C), 502 (2), and they should be detained under the Goondas Act for instigating violence against dalits,\" Nandhan said. \"All the accused who were arrested on charges of inciting violence should also be detained under the Goondas Act. Disciplinary action should be taken against the district SP and other officials under section 4 of the SC/ST Atrocities Prevention Act,\" he added. The strikers have threatened to continue their protest until their demands are fulfilled by the government.Meanwhile, Harur constituency MLA R Dellibabu and Dharmapuri district superintendent of police (in-charge) M Ashok Kumar visited the dalit hamlets. \"We tried our best to pacify them (people on hunger strike). But they are very strong in their demands,\" said Dellibabu.The state government had announced a compensation of Rs 50,000 to each family and promised to rebuild the damaged houses under various schemes, including Tamil Nadu Adi Dravidar Housing Development Corporation (TAHDCO). \"The district administration took initiatives for the development of dalits under TAHDCO,\" said R Lilly, Dharmapuri district collector. \"Under the TAHDCO scheme, Rs 50 lakh would be released in the first phase. We have also arranged for government loans through banks with 30% subsidy. The district administration took all the measures, but if they (dalits) expect more, then they must approach the government,\" said Lilly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17408004", "title": "'Lalu' undergoing treatment at zoo", "text": "INDORE: An ageing tiger Lalu is being treated at Kamla Nehru Park to self-inflicted injuries in his enclosure. The zoo officials say that the tiger probably got hurt while he was in the bushes or scratching himself against a tree. The reason is not confirmed yet, but the authorities without any delay have started treating the big cat.\"We are giving him antibiotic like Betadine and Laurine, and have done dressing on the injured leg of the animal,\" explained the zoo in-charge Dr Uttam Yadav. He further stated that Lalu has been kept in a special enclosure made of gunny bags so as to restrict his movement and help the doctors to attend on him.\"Veterinarian doctor Akhilesh Upadhyay along with his team is taking care of Lalu, and it was kept in a cage.\"Lalu would be there at about 10 to 12 days, where his movements would be restricted, until and unless his health improves.\"Doctors are cleaning up the wound on daily basis, as the tiger seemed to be in pain and cries out aloud. Because of his growl, the other animals are also getting distracted\", said the zoo in-charge.Some zoo employees believe that Lalu got into a fight with his partner 12-year-old tigress Kamlesh and that resulted in his injury. His partner Kamlesh has hence been kept in another separate cage.Lalu is an ageing tiger, who was born in zoo and has survived more than an average age which is 15 to 16 years. Similarly, there are other two male tigers Shyamu, 20, and Bihari, 21. Therefore, according to the zoo authorities, are trying their best to provide treatment and living condition inside the zoo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17408282", "title": "Shot Pakistani schoolgirl honoured for taking on Taliban", "text": "MUMBAI: Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousafzai was honoured by a Mumbai-based NGO on Wednesday for her brave act of defying the Taliban. The Harmony Foundation conferred her the Mother Teresa Memorial International Award for Social Justice 2012 ,in absentia.Fifteen-year-old Malala, who had voiced her support for girls' education in the terror-infested Swat valley, was shot at by a group of Taliban terrorists who stormed her school bus on October 9. She is under treatment at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham, UK.Both, Malala and her father, Ziauddin Yousafzai were unable to travel to Mumbai due to a medical procedure scheduled for Wednesday. Sevy Ali, a British actress of Pakistani origin, received the award on Malala's behalf and will likely give it to Malala in London on Friday.Ziauddin's acceptance message was read by Abraham Mathai, convenor of the Harmony Foundation. He had written, \"Malala and I are extremely happy and humbly accept the award. This means a lot to us, especially during our time of crisis. Honouring Malala with this award sends out a strong message of support to those whose daughters have to fight and speak out for their basic right to education.\"Another award recipient was Dr Sima Samar, human rights activist and former deputy prime minister of Afghanistan. Union minister Shashi Tharoor and Prof P J Kurien, deputy chairperson of the Rajya Sabha, were the chief guests at Wednesday's event.For Malala, the accolades have been flowing in. Earlier this week, the teenager was ranked sixth by a magazine in its top 100 global thinkers list, and is also reported to be a contender for the Nobel Peace Prize as well as the Time Person of the Year nomination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17407897", "title": "Yet another winter of discontent for Damoh farmers", "text": "BHOPAL: With winter chill setting in, the small and marginal farmers and landless labourers in Damoh are feeling jittery, yet again. The reason, inability of the State to compensate the farmers for crop failure arising out of extreme cold or frost bite or work out a comprehensive policy to deal with the situation. Between November 2010 and February 2011, about 13 farmers affected by crop failure and mounting debts attempted suicide while four lost their lives.The affected families are yet to get compensation.Though last year, weather was less hostile and the loss witnessed was minimal but the apprehension of frost ruining their hopes of good produce still sends shivers down the farmers' spine.\"Several announcements were made two years back but we received no help. We have grown pulses in 6 acres of land but are not sure if they would remain unscathed if the frost 'bites' them once again. We are yet to clear Rs 1 lakh debt my brother had borrowed from money-lenders,\" said Chhevladubey village resident and father of five daughters Ram Kumar (42).His debt-ridden younger brother Bhagwan Das (35) had consumed pesticide after frost destroyed his pulse crop completely in 2010. Nobody asked the family to pay debts for one year but now, they are constantly being pressurized for the same. Their land is under risk from the money lenders. File for widow pension is still stuck in red-tapism.Family members have walked to the nearest Patera tehsil office located some 10 kms away from village at least a dozen time, requesting that the pension case be expedited, but in vain.\"Rs 10,000 to perform the last rites was the only help we received from the district administration,\" added Ram Kumar.\"Most of the villages in Damoh still get only 3-5 hours of electricity for irrigation. Crops in dry lands are more susceptible to frost-attack. Supply of original pesticides should be ensured to avoid 2011 like scenario,\" said another farmer Govind Yadav, adding organic farming should be promoted in Bundelkhand region which is prone to natural calamities.\"Compensation when given benefits only land owners and small and marginal farmers and landless workers are left out. This instills insecurity and promote suicidal tendency among them, said the president of Bundelkhand Vikas Samiti, Vishal, adding that the promise of 10-hour electricity everyday for the temporary electricity connections given to the farmers has also not been fulfilled.\"Government's approach towards agrarian crisis should be pro-active and not reactive. With proper electricity and fertilizer supply, authorities concerned should take all precautionary steps to save farmers from going into a crisis situation. Landless labourers and women farmers must be counted while distributing Kisan Credit Card and compensation,\" said regional director, Action Aid, Sarika Sinha.When contacted, district collector, Damoh, Swatantra Kumar Singh, told ToI that \"Farmers are ready to fight such natural calamities this time. With proper cropping pattern, traditional knowledge and use of advanced machineries, chances of frost affecting the crops have become less. Camps are being held regularly to disburse Kisan Credit Cards. The administration is also providing on rent equipment and machineries required for scientific farming.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407446", "title": "Human resources development minister stresses awareness on sanitation and hygiene issues among school children", "text": "NEW DELHI: Human resources development minister MM Pallam Raju on Wednesday said that awareness on sanitation and hygiene issues among school children, teachers and parents can help create behavioural change within the society.Raju, who was speaking at the launch of CBSE's 'Waves of Change' programme and distribution of its first National School Sanitation Awards, said personal hygiene and environmental sanitation will help students develop good habits in their formative years. The minister also said that by including sanitation, health and hygiene as part of the curriculum, sustainability can be ensured.CBSE, in collaboration with the HRD ministry, ministry of urban development and Deutsche Gesellschaft Fur Internationale Zusammenarbeit, GmbH, has introduced the 'National School Sanitation Initiative' with the aim to inculcate good sanitation habits among the school children in order to acquaint, inspire and celebrate excellence in school sanitation. The awards were distributed by Raju.The National School Sanitation Initiative was launched in April 2010. Under this initiative it is made mandatory for all schools to focus on the practical aspects of sanitation in its right perspective, laying emphasis on personal hygiene, proper sanitation, clean toilet habits, safe drinking water, separate toilets for girl students among others.More than 160 schools were awarded for their efforts to keep their school clean and following proper sanitation in their school premises. Among the schools which got the maximum number of awards was Amrita Vidyalayam with a total of 16 awards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17408864", "title": "There are no smokers in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Amdavadis don't smoke. Though this assertion might seem ludicrous, but records with the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) suggest there are no smokers in this city.It has been four years since The Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products Act (COPTA) came in to force in the city, but AMC has not caught a single individual smoking in the posh new west zone of the city - Jodhpur Gam, Thaltej, Bodakdev, Sarkhej, Chandlodia, Ghatlodia, Ranip -as also in the south zone.Poor implementation of this law has only led to authorities making a joke of it. It does not end here, a glance at the number of individuals fined will show that in the North zone - Naroda, Saraspur, Sardarnagar, Nobelnagar, Krishnagar, India colony and Saraspur - authorities fined the most people,182 individuals.What the AMC has been efficient at, is issuing notices to firms and individuals. The maximum warning notices were issued in the north zone. \"We admit there has been a weak implementation of the law. This is because many offenders we caught had resisted. The police too is responsible for implementation. The special anti-smoking committee that was formed has only met a handful of times,\" says a senior AMC heath official.The action taken report of the AMC over the past four years show how authorities were least interested in implementing the law.A senior health officer of the North Zone adds, \"Whenever we witness a breach of law, we immediately issue a notice to the offender and fine an amount between Rs 50 and Rs 100. There are instances where we have fined officers of our department.\"The city's south zone is indeed a smoker's paradise - which has seen the least action taken , in terms of issuing notices and no one getting caught. A senior health officer in the south zone claims the poor enforcement to the presence of large number of food factories. \"We had already distributed stickers for not smoking, and people are already aware in the concerned area,\" the official claims.Another official, the deputy health officer of the central zone claims, \"The number of people issued notices and fined has declined in these 4 years, since people are now aware about not smoking, at least in public areas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17409354", "title": "Three of a family found dead in Jamshedpur", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: In an incident of murder, three members of a family were found dead in Baridih under Sidhgora police station here on Wednesday. The victims identified as Ratan Chatterjee (58), his wife Shymali (45), and daughter Pyali (17), were found lying in a pool of blood in the wee hours of the morning.\"Unidentified assassins barged into the SR/156 quarter of Tata Steel in Fuja Bagan area and allegedly killed them by slitting their throats with sharp-edged weapon early in the morning,\" said police.Chatterjee, a former Tata Steel employee was the lone bread earner of the family. He owned a public telephone booth in the Baridih market. \"Following his voluntary retirement from the company on grounds of injury, he started running a PCO in the nearby market,\" said one of the neighbours. Police is questioning Chatterjee's elder daughter Sonali and her husband Prahlad Das, resident of Birsanagar, to get some clue about the incident. They haven't arrived at any conclusion yet. Police have, however, pressed sniffer dogs into service to catch hold of the culprits.\"It is too early to conclude about the exact cause behind the incident,\" said deputy police superintendent, (city) K N Chaudhary who led the police team to the incident site after information reached them.Their bodies have been shifted to the government-run-MGM hospital for postmortem. \"We are also examining the call details of the mobile phone (of Chatterjee) recovered from the site,\" said a police officer of the team that arrived at the incident site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "17408185", "title": "School girl hurt as boulder falls on Ooty train", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: A school girl from Kerala was injured when a boulder fell on a moving train on the Nilgiri Mountain Railway (NMR) on Wednesday.As part of their excursion programme, a bunch of school girls from Kozhikode in Kerala were travelling from Mettupalayam to Ooty on Wednesday. Around 40 students from SKV Girls School in Kozhikode were accommodated in one of the compartments.At around 9am, when the train was crossing Arderley, located between Kallar and Hillgrove, a huge boulder rolled down. As the roof of the train was damaged the boulder, further, fell inside the compartment injuring Shakina Shan, 11, Class 6 student.According to Coonoor railway station master, Babu, after the incident, the train was stopped for a while and the girl was given first aid. The boulder was removed from the compartment by the railway staff and the train resumed its journey. The train was delayed only by 15 minutes. Shakina Shan was later treated at the Government hospital in Coonoor. \"It was a minor injury on the girl's hand. After treatment at the government hospital the girl joined her excursion troupe to proceed further,\" said Babu.The excursion group boarded the next train at 12.30pm from Coonoor to reach Ooty. The school girls had come for a two-day visit to the Nilgiris. Babu said, \"The cause of the accident is not known. May be, some animals on the hills above the track might have pushed down the rock\".According to sources, an elephant accompanied with two calves was seen roaming in the hills above the railway track near Aderley on Wednesday morning. It is stated that the animal might have rolled down the boulder. Unfortunately, that hit the running train.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17407412", "title": "Single-window clearance for tourism events", "text": "PANAJI: The cabinet on Wednesday approved a single window system for granting clearance to tourism events like music festivals, beach weddings, craft bazaars, night bazaars and other tourism events in Goa.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar , told mediapersons that such events will be given clearance through a single-window system but the organizers of such events will have to get separate permissions from departments like excise, VAT, Goa state pollution control board and Goa coastal zone management authority as these are statutory bodies.While the government acknowledges that such events have a strong association with Goa and have actually become permanent features of the state, feedback from organizers revealed that they are made to run from pillar to post for clearances from multifarious government bodies. This has resulted in cancellation of many such events.The department of tourism will be the nodal department to grant permission to events like music festivals, craft bazaars, night bazaars, beach weddings, cultural events, exhibitions and MICE (meetings, incentives, conferencing, exhibitions) and other tourism-related events.The events will be classified into two categories - major and minor events. Major events will be of duration exceeding five days or with more than 750 people in attendance and the organizational expenses are in excess of 50 lakh.In order to grant permission to minor events, a departmental permissions committee will be set up comprising the director tourism, deputy director (tourism) and one assistant director.For major tourism events, a state-level permissions committee will be set up with the tourism secretary as chairman. High ranking officials from police, excise, health, tourism, etc. will be members of this committee.The final decision of the state-level committee will be submitted for approval to the tourism minister and chief minister. Once the permission is accorded by the state-level committee, the authorities concerned will accord permissions/NOC/licences, upon payment of prescribed fees, within seven working days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17406150", "title": "Mango people pickled", "text": "The 'aam admi' must indeed feel like the other 'aam'. He is India's favourite political fruit, and by that token, has been skinned, squeezed, shredded, chopped, pulped, dried, pickled and chutnified. The mango people's latest knight in shining subsidies is Arvind Keri-wal, sorry, Kejriwal, who this Monday launched the Aam Aadmi Party. Its acronym is the honorific pronoun, but the objects of its championing are only addressed as 'tum'; their woes are seldom addressed at all.Mr Kejriwal chose November 26 to flag off his party. No, it wasn't to signal the terror he intended to unleash on corruption; this was the date in 1949 when the Constitution was adopted. Yes , as we have increasingly learnt to forget, this sacred document is in the name of 'We, The People' - which is us, mangoes (and womangoes even lower). Astute Arvind didn't entirely ignore the better known 26/11. At the launch, he honoured the fallen NSG commandos, thus subliminally reminding us that the aam admi has been martyred at the altar of political machinations.The cool Mr Kejriwal is unlikely to be fazed by 'We, the Nation' Arnab Goswami when activist and anchor lock aams in Mumbai two Sundays hence at The Times of India Literary Carnival; the rest of you can watch the gripping encounter on Times Now. Having slyly slipped in this puff, i can get down to the real predicament of this poor bloke whom everyone takes a bite of while paying him lip service.The hapless aam admi now finds himself in a custody battle between the Congress party and the lately canonised Mr K. It's not unlike the recent case involving Halle Berry's daughter or the earlier ones in which Adnan Sami found himself pitted against his first ex-wife Zeba Bakhtiar over their son Azan, and later against this second ex-wife Sabah over their dog, Rocky (no, it wasn't named after the state of their marriage). As in all such cases, the more ferocious the tug of war, the more forgotten is the poor creature at the centre of the polar pulls.The common man has always been the commonest factor in all politics. But the UPA first deployed the 'aam admi' ammo in its electoral campaigns of 2004 and 2009. So, in the current custody battle, it has claimed first rights on the term. Its opponents aver that it has squandered its first-mover advantage, and that despite RTI, NREGA, the Food Security Act and Bharat Nirman, the crippled 'mango man' remains almost as langda as ever.Enter, Mr Kejriwal, who has attributed this plight to our latest Villain No.1, corruption. Now this is a dragon he has harnessed, breathing fire on both the Congress and the BJP. So, he cares a baboon's backside for any copyright claims on 'aam admi'.He has walked off not only with the Congress mantle, but also its iconic cap. His erstwhile anti-corruption leader may have made it his badge, but the Gandhi topi is de facto the Nehru topi. Panditji wore it much more than the Mahatma.As things transpired, while his daughter promised to hatao garibi, it's the garib who have progressively found themselves hataoed from any advancement. Alas, this isn't only in Congress-ruled states. In Monday's controversy over the fake photo in a Gujarat election poster, no one denied that malnutrition was highest in a state towered over by the BJP's poster-boy-turned-hologram hero.But what are governments to do when, with not a little help from themselves, the profile of the aam admi keeps changing, and more of them fall between newer cracks. How many crumbs can be thrown at how many from the high table of power? Ouff, these mango people really put poor little rich rulers in a pickle.***Alec Smart said: \"We hope we won't have to ask 'Whendulkar?'.\"bachi.karkaria@timesgroup.comhttp://blogs.timesofindia.indiatimes.com/erratica", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17407478", "title": "'Goa should be the permanent home of the International film festival of India'", "text": "Entertainment Society of Goa (ESG) vice-chairperson Vishnu Wagh, while addressing a press conference on Tuesday, said that noted Kerala filmmaker Adoor Gopalakrishnan has conveyed it to the ESG that Goa should be the permanent home of the International film festival of India (Iffi).\"When Adoor Gopalkrishnan saw the manner in which the film festival was organized this year, he said that he was among the people who raised their voices in protests as to why Goa should be the permanent venue. He said that he too was of the opinion that the festival should keep moving to different locations. But Gopalkrishnan said that it is now his sincere opinion that Goa should be the permanent home of Iffi,\" Wagh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17408006", "title": "Annual Day celebrated at Agarwal School", "text": "INDORE: The annual day of Agarwal Public School was celebrated here on Wednesday. Various events were organized on the theme of 'Matr devo Bhava Pitr devo bhav'. The students idolized their parents through music, songs and plays which was appreciated by one and all. Principal, Aditi Arora informed that the day was organized in guidance of Purshottam Agarwal, who lighted the lamp.The major attractions of the day were presentations made by students on their father and short play 'my mother'. \"It was a delight to see the students and parents enjoying the programme together.The talent of students and efforts put by them was worth praising,\" praiseworthy said Arora.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17409101", "title": "Haren Pandya's wife likely to contest from Gujarat Parivartan Party", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17407562", "title": "Malaysian children's choir to perform today", "text": "PANAJI: The Operafest children's choir from Malaysia will perform over the next one week in Goa.The main performance of classical music with choreography will be held at Kala Academy at 7pm on December 1. The programme will include excerpts from Bizet's Opera 'Carmen', woven into a story and a unique interpretation of the famous Chinese work, the Yellow River Piano Concerto.The choir will also perform at the Church of Santa Inez at 7pm on November 29, Rosary Hall, Navelim at 6pm on December 2 and at Mapusa Church at 7pm on December, 4. The entry is free for all the above performances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "17407228", "title": "7% DA for Tripura govt employees creates ripples", "text": "AGARTALA: Seven per cent dearness allowance (DA) for state government employees ahead of assembly elections has created ripples in the political circle as well as the employees' union in Tripura.While finance minister Badal Choudhury blamed the 13th Finance Commission for deprivation of the state in non-plan gap grant in general and employees' salaries in particular, the opposition accused the government of anti-employees' stand.Choudhury stated all government employees, including those of PSUs, would get additional DA from December 1 and that needs at least an amount of Rs 217 crore annually. He, however, accused the 13th Finance Commission of being politically motivated in allocation of grants to non-Congress ruled states - Himachal Pradesh and Tripura.\"Tripura has recorded the second lowest increase in award amount after Himachal over 12th FC in the country. Twenty out of 28 states have got more than 100 per cent of the amount,\" said Choudhury. He added that the non-plan gap grant has been reduced to Rs 1041.20 crore by 13th FC over 12th FC and that ultimately put the state in severe crisis.Tripura had been given the lowest amount among northeastern states at a hike of 55.96 per. Arunachal Pradesh recorded hike of 158.22 per cent, Assam 137.71 per cent, Meghalaya 125.34 per cent, Manipur 97.48 per cent, Mizoram 88.92 per cent and Nagaland 84.40 per cent, added Choudhury.Denying the allegations, opposition leader Ratan Lal Nath said Tripura received Rs 86,000 crore in the last 19 years from the Centre and still the state had been claiming that 60 per cent of people belong to the BPL that category which indicates the slow pace of development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17408726", "title": "Pourakarmikas on the warpath", "text": "BANGALORE: A section of pourakarmikas on Wednesday struck work, leaving the garbage collection in the city in utter disarray. They are opposing the new solid waste management contracts awarded by the BBMP.The agitation may continue on Thursday though the pourkarmikas plan to meet the labour commissioner.They allege that the new garbage contracts besides stipulating unrealistic service conditions will result in thousands of them losing jobs.The agitation led to garbage heaps piling up everywhere. C Narayan, president, Karnataka State Pourakarmikas Federation, said the new solid waste management contractors will retrench 9,000 pourakarmikas. \"Besides, the service conditions of the new contracts say that if a worker has to take leave, he or she must inform their bosses a week in advance. This is ridiculous. How can we inform our bosses in advance that we will fall ill,\" Narayan asked.Sumitra, who works as a pourakarmika in JP Nagar, said she hasn't got her salary for two months. \"We have now been told that we may be retrenched. This is injustice,\" she said. On Wednesday, the pourakarmikas took out a protest march from Freedom Park to the BBMP head office. Addressing them, BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel said no pourakarmika will lose his or her job. \"The new contractors will give pourakarmikas gloves, shoes, uniform and required accessories. One pourakarmika will work only in one shift,\" said Goel.CONTRACTOR ALLAYS FEARSPrasanna Shastry, promoter of BVG India which has won 50 of the 89 garbage contracts, said: \"I need only 9,500 porakarmikas to cover these many packages in different areas of the city. There are 39 other contracts for which the other pourakarmikas will be recruited.\"\"In our company's service conditions, what applies to me applies to all our employees.We have no such conditions for leave which say even in case of fever the person must apply for leave a week in advance. Who can predict illness?\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17409451", "title": "Former minister Girish Parmar returns to BJP after Congress denies him ticket", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17407594", "title": "Corporation of City of Panaji has no money to pay salaries, pensions", "text": "PANAJI: The Corporation of City of Panaji (CCP) doesn't have enough funds to pay salaries to staff, pension to pensioners or honorarium to its councillors.The financial crisis in the Bharatiya Janata Party controlled CCP has been blamed on the previous dispensation. Speaking to TOI, Panaji mayor Vaidehi Naik said the council has discussed the financial crisis at its meeting. \"Mismanagement of funds and backlog of pending bills of the previous council has resulted into a financial crisis,\" Naik said.CCP commissioner Sanjit Rodrigues has moved a note to the corporation's standing committee stating that funds from all sources have been exhausted and collection of revenue at this time of the year is negligible, amounting to merely Rs 3 lakh a week. The next meeting of the standing committee is scheduled on December 6.\"It is submitted that unless we get help from the government by providing necessary funds or encash one of the fixed deposits it is very difficult to arrange the salaries, etc for the month of November 2012, due on November 30,\" Rodrigues said in the note.Besides salaries to is 800 staff members, pensions are also is due on the same date and the total requirement for this will be approximately Rs 1 crore. The balance currently available in CCP's bank account is around Rs 53 lakh, of which committed expenditure is to the tune of around Rs 45 lakh, thus putting the effective balance at Rs 8 lakh.In addition to this, CCP will require funds for payment of salaries and wages, for the remaining four months of the current financial year.CCP has grants of around Rs 6 crore deposited in the bank in form of fixed deposits from which it intends to withdraw around Rs 1.25 crore to meet the salary expenditure.CCP expenditure in running the corporation for the current financial year was pegged at Rs 56 crore. The corporation has around Rs 20 crore in form of fixed deposits. The corporation's financial position shows a Rs 24 crore revenue deficit till November 23, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17409612", "title": "BJP concerned over thin attendance at public meetings", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17409533", "title": "Water release from canals won\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t affect Cauvery basin farmers", "text": "BANGALORE: Any release of Cauvery water by Karnataka to Tamil Nadu,will not be from the reservoirs, said sources. The release will be from intermediate canals. This will not affect the Cauvery basin farmers.Another issue expected to be taken up during the two-hour meeting, before Jayalalithaa flies back to Chennai, is the distress Karnataka is going through on account of a bad monsoon. The meeting might urge the apex court to expedite the Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal's final award, which has been challenged by all riparian states.The two states have to place before the apex court the outcome of the meeting on November 30.\"Our view is that the talks be held in a cordial, congenial manner. If we are able to find a permanent solution to the problem through talks, it would be good for Karnataka as well as the farmers of Tamil Nadu,\" Karnataka deputy chief minister R Ashoka told reporters in Bangalore.\"This is a question of farmers, it doesn't concern any political party,\" Ashoka added.Ahead of the crucial Bangalore meet, Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Wednesday chaired a meeting with high-level officials, including the PWD secretary and state advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan , to chalk out a strategy.A senior Tamil Nadu government official said Thursday's meeting will be held in a cordial manner since both states are hoping to resolve the long-standing dispute at the earliest . \"If the talks are inconclusive, there might be another round of discussions,\" he said, adding that the Tamil Nadu government is very determined to find an amicable solution by getting the required amount of water from Karnataka.'TALKS ARE OUR BEST BET'I welcome the Supreme Court's suggestion to resolve the Cauvery dispute through dialogue. In fact, this is not the first time the SC has suggested dialogue as the only means of resolving the dispute. In the mid-1990 s, when I was an MP, the then chief justice of India had suggested to then Prime Minster P V Narasimha Rao to decide the dispute amicably through talks as it is an emotive issue between the riparian states. I hope the dialogue between the two CMs is fruitful and there is an amicable solution. Jayalalithaa too should understand the gravity of drought in Karnataka. At the meeting, Jagadish Shettar must explain the gloomy scenario of the Cauvery basin districts with statistics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17407929", "title": "Bike-borne loot girl, flee with her scooter", "text": "BHOPAL: In a plot reminiscent of a Bollywood potboiler, two bike-borne persons stopped three girls proceeding on a scooter, pushed them aside and escaped with their scooter in the BHEL township on Tuesday evening.The incident took place near a children's park some distance away from the Govindpura police station.Police said complainant Alpa Gupta 20, a resident of Bijli Colony, was heading back home on her scooter along with two of her friends when two-bike borne persons looted her scooter.The complainant stated to the police that the two accused came close to her vehicle and stooped her on the pretext of asking an address. However, as soon as she stopped her two-wheeler, the one who was riding pillion on the bike pushed her aside and took charge of her scooter and sped away. Subsequently, the matter was reported to police.The girls have managed to note the registration number of bike. Efforts remained underway to nab the accused, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad/nizamabad", "code": "17407618", "title": "Sharmila, Kavitha in war of words", "text": "HYDERABAD/NIZAMABAD: It's a war of words between Sharmila and Kavitha. Both the women have been at it for the last two days defending their dads. The fight began with YS Rajasekhara Reddy's daughter Sharmila lambasting TRS leader K Chandrasekhara Rao, Kavitha's father, at a public meeting in Mahbubnagar on Tuesday. And Kavitha responded to Sharmila's criticism in her typical style on Wednesday.In a public meeting on Tuesday in Gadwal in Mahbubnagar, represented by KCR in the Lok Sabha , Sharmila criticised KCR for his comments that YSR had done nothing for the people of Telangana. Sharmila did not take kindly to KCR's allegations that she and her brother YS Jaganmohan Reddy had stakes in the companies which got the Bayyaram and Oblapuram mining lease. \"If we prove that we have no stakes in those companies, will KCR fall at her feet and seek forgiveness, even though we are much younger than him?\" Sharmila thundered as the crowd applauded.This did not go down well with Kavitha. The Telangana Jagruthi chief hit back at Sharmila in Nizamabad on Wednesday. \"Forget my father falling at your feet but the people of Telangana will throttle you when the facts about the corruption indulged in by YSR come out,\" Kavitha said responding to Sharmila.Kavitha admitted that it was a fact that Sharmila and Jagan had no stakes in the companies which got the mining lease but she alleged that they had benefited from those companies. \"YSR's signature in granting the mining leases brought them all the benefits,\" Kavitha said.KCR's daughter also alleged that Sakshi newspaper owned by the YSR family received funding from those very companies which had directly got money from the mining leases. \"Is Sharmila open for a debate on all these issues?\" Kavitha dared. Kavitha even went on to say that Y S Jaganmohan Reddy should not be continued to be lodged in a Telangana jail (Chanchalguda jail in Hyderabad). \"Jagan might even sell the jail land,\" she commented. Responding to Sharmila's statement that the people of Telangana were grieved that Jagan had been put in jail, Kavitha said no one was shedding tears for him.Kavitha rebutted Sharmila's claim that YSR had done a lot for Telangana. \"Is it not a fact that YSR took a stance against the formation of Telangana in a meeting at Nandyal? And is it not a fact that Jaganmohan Reddy held a placard in parliament opposing Telangana?\" Kavitha demanded to know from Sharmila. \"Come for an open debate and we will discuss all these issues,\" Kavitha challenged Sharmila.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17407927", "title": "Petrol pump of minister's kin in Dabra looted", "text": "BHOPAL: Thieves allegedly broke open the cash locker of a petrol pump in Dabra, 42 km from Gwalior town, in the wee hours of Wednesday morning and escaped with cash worth Rs 7.5 lakh. The petrol pump owner Vivek Mishra is the 25-year-old nephew of minister for health and MLA from Dabra assembly constituency, Narottam Mishra. Five employees of the petrol pump who were witnesses to the incident claimed, the hoodlums were armed and fired several rounds in the air before fleeing the spot.Superintendent of police (SP) Gwalior, G K Pathak, said: Complaint and FIR has been registered. But it is too early to brief about the investigations.''Pathak said, the incident occurred around 3:40 am on Wednesday when the petrol pump had stopped its dealings and closed down. There were two rooms, one of which had the cash locker inside a steel almirah. \"Five employees were sleeping in the adjoining room. The room with the almirah was not locked,'' the Gwalior SP explained.Three men on a motorbike entered the room even as the petrol pump employees were asleep, they broke open the steel almirah and the locker. It was only when they were escaping with the money that the petrol station employees woke-up and came out. They told the police that one of the employees even asked the thieves, Who are you?''In reply, the miscreants fired in the air from a country-made revolver and sped on the motorbike. However, after firing in the air, they left behind the country-made revolver. The police were told that the thieves threw away the gun.Police have registered a case under sections 458 (house breaking by night) and 382 (theft after preparation for causing death or hurt) of the IPC. No arrests were made till late Wednesday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17407434", "title": "Rizvi Springfield log massive win in Harris Shield", "text": "MUMBAI: Their toughest encounter in this edition of the Harris Shield inter-school cricket tournament for boys under-17 was their opening one against Swami Vivekananda last week. Once they negotiated that hurdle successfully, Bandra's Rizvi Springfield's think-tank admittedly began to breathe easy.So, in their second round clash against New English, also a side from Bandra, Springfield was undoubtedly the hot favourites to emerge winners. And, living up to their top billing, the defending champions authored a stupendous win by an innings and 65 runs.The only thing that went New English's way was the toss. But after calling correctly and electing to bat, New English had nothing to cheer for during the one-and-a-half day they spent on the field in this three-day affair.In their first innings, New English were bowled out for a paltry 64 in 26.1 overs. Left-arm spinner Siddak Singh caused most of the damage, picking up a hat-trick of wickets. He eventually finished with figures of 10.1-4-21-5.He was ably supported by off-spinner Suraj Shetty, who had proud figures of 5-2-6-4. In reply, Springfield, with contributions from Sidak Singh (55) and Prithvi Shaw (40), scored 263.In their second essay, New English showed some characted but that was not enough as they fell short by 65 runs to overcome Springfield's first innings total.Sairaj Parab scored a fighting 56, while Rohan Suvarna missed a half century by two runs. Sidak Singh was again among the wickets, claiming five. He had a match-haul of ten wickets.Breif scores: New English 64 (Sidak Singh 5-21, S Shetty 4-6) and 136 all out (Sairaj Parab 56, Rohan Suvarna 48; Sidak Singh 5-55) lost to Rizvi Springfield 263 (Sidak Singh 55, Prithvi Shaw 40) by an innings and 65 runs", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17409865", "title": "Anti-Naxal Force finds bags, rations but no Naxalites at Charmadi", "text": "MANGALORE: The Anti-Naxal Force (ANF) following leads on possible presence of Naxalites in Charmady Ghat area in DK district came across few items of daily use from inside the jungle on Wednesday. The area lies slightly ahead and to right of Charmady check-post and comes under Belthangady police station limits. However, the information proved to be a hoax and ANF came away with nothing more than a couple of bags of ration and other items.ANF chief Alok Kumar told TOI that two ANF teams on combing operations in the area on Tuesday had some information about Naxalite presence around Charmady. The ANF team found two bags, clothes, ration, 100 paper plates and cups each, a hen, tarpaulin and other items. The team also spotted two boys flee the scene.These teenagers who were reported missing for the past four to five days, later surfaced in their respective homes, Alok added.The teenagers were later questioned by the local police, who found nothing incriminating to connect them with the Left-winged extremists, Alok said, adding ANF had doubts if these boys were supplying essential items to Naxalites, such as those found in the area.Since the ANF team did not come across any utensils or find any sign of cooking in the area, one cannot authoritatively state that Nsaxalites were in the area, he added.Notwithstanding this, ANF has pressed two more teams for combing from Kottigehara and Neriya side to complement efforts of two other teams already at Charmady, Alok said. \"We are utilixing this exercise for area familiarisation and area domination,\" he said dismissing rumours that ANF had captured a Naxalite. ANF restarted combing operations with vigour after Naxalites did not take up the sgovernment's recent cease fire and surrender offer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17408742", "title": "Girl missing for 3 days, cops don't care", "text": "BANGALORE: A Class IV student of a city government school, believed to be nine years old, is missing since Monday. Shockingly, police have not lifted a finger though the girl's family approached them three days ago.The girl was identified as Lakshmi Devendrappa, a native of Gulbarga and resident of Hennur Cross. Lakshmi stays with her mother Shivamma, a labourer, and elder brother Mallikarjun, a mason, and studies in Government School, Hennur, East Bangalore.The family complained to Hennur police the same evening and alleged that she had been abducted during school hours. They said that like on any day, they had dropped the girl at the point where a van usually picked her up.However, school authorities said the girl was absent on Monday.Surprisingly, Hennur police questioned neither the school authorities nor the pick-up van driver till Wednesday evening.Assistant commissioner of police D Narayanaswamy told TOI the station authorities had not brought the matter to his notice. \"I shall immediately ask the officials concerned to bring the file to me,\" he said.Shivamma said her daughter left for school, saying she was going to participate in a dance performance. \"I gave her Rs 100 to buy a locket to wear during the performance. When she failed to return in the evening, I went to the school and enquired with her classmates. They told me they had seen Lakshmi during the morning session,\" Shivamma told TOI.School headmaster Moula Ali, however, said Lakshmi never came to school on Monday. \"The attendance register shows she was absent. We had a Pratibha Karanji ceremony at a private school in Nagavara. Two teachers accompanied 10 of our students for the dance performance and they returned safely,\" he said.SHE MAY HAVE ELOPED: COPShivamma and her elder son Mallikarjun are still sore with the treatment they received at Hennur police station when they went to complain about their girl going missing.A constable is believed to have told them that Lakshmi might have eloped. \"You must tell us with whom she's eloped. What we can do?\" he told the mother-son duo, unmindful of the fact that girl was only about nine years old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17409136", "title": "Jail warders threaten hunger strike", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Activities in jails across the state are likely to be affected as around 1500 warders, head warders, chief warders and female warders of all the 89 prisons have threatened to go on a hunger strike from December 3 to press for their demands, including pay hike, perks and promotional avenues.A four-day demonstration will precede the strike with the warders wearing black badges on duty from Thursday. \"The government has been making tall claims since long. But our demands have gone unheard,\" Asit Kumar Dwivedi, vice-president of All Odisha Jail Employees Association, told mediapersons here on Wednesday.The main demand is salary structure on par with police constables. The monthly basic pay of a police constable is Rs 5,200, whereas a warder gets Rs 4,930. The monthly salaries of constable and warder stands at Rs 20,200 and Rs 14,680 per month respectively, sources said.\"Policemen working in Maoist-hit areas also get 15 per cent more on the basic pay. We demand similar salary structure,\" Dwivedi said.The association members said the basic pay of warder and police constable was the same till 1974. The State Administrative Tribunal (SAT) had directed the state government to remove the disparity in 2003 on a plea by the warders. On June 30, 2011, the warders had resorted to statewide hunger strike and called off the demonstration following assurance from the government. A number of warders were then hospitalized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17407263", "title": "Food Corporation of India official booked for siphoning off PDS foodgrain", "text": "ITANAGAR: Police arrested a Food Corporation of India (FCI) official at Namsai in Lohit district for allegedly siphoning off foodgrain following a complaint lodged by a government-constituted counseling body on the operation of the public distribution system (PDS) in the state.The official of the FCI Tezu depot was arrested on Tuesday after an FIR was lodged by the Consultative Committee, FCI, for Arunachal Pradesh at Tezu police station on November 24 last, official sources informed here Wednesday.The committee complained that M/s Namsai LAMP Ltd and the Tezu FCI depot in-charge had siphoned off a huge quantity of PDS food grains in of September.\"The Namsai LAMP carriage contractors in connivance with the FCI depot in-charge, Tezu, have siphoned off PDS foodgrain. As per the daily dispatch report (DDR) collected from the depot in-charge of Tinsukia, Namsai LAMP had lifted foodgrain in 81 trucks from the Tinsukia depot for the Tezu FCI depot in the month of September,\" the committee said.However, while verifying the vehicle entry record at Parsuram Kund check gate, the committee found that 45 of the 81 trucks loaded with foodgrain from the Tinsukia FCI godown did not cross the check gate. But, surprisingly, the Tezu FCI depot made an entry confirming arrival of all the trucks in its register.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17407928", "title": "Guard who reported criminal murdered", "text": "PUNE: An alert security guard of a commercial complex at Hadapsar paid with his life when a criminal he had once got arrested bludgeoned him to death in the early hours of Wednesday.The criminal, Pravin Salunke (22), of Apna Ghar society at Kharadi, admitted to the police that he killed the 60-year-old guard, Reuben Dada Kardak, of Gosavi Vasti at Hadapsar, as revenge for having got him arrested on October 2. Ironically, Salunke, an engineering diploma-holder, had got bail in that case barely two days after his arrest. Senior inspector Raghunath Jadhav of the Hadapsar police station, however, claimed that they had opposed the bail on the grounds that Salunke was a criminal on record with as many as 14 cases against him. \"However, since robbery is a bailable offence, he was released,\" he said.Salunke has cases of theft, burglary, vehicle theft and robbery registered against him. The police said he has been committing crimes since he was a minor. Kardak was found lying in a pool of blood by the housekeeping staff of the commercial complex around 7 am on Wednesday.Senior inspector Raghunath Jadhav of the Hadapsar police station said that on October 2, Salunke had broken into a shop in the commercial complex and stolen computers.\"Just as he was getting away, Kardak spotted him and raised an alarm. He also promptly informed the police. When a crowd gathered at the complex, Salunke climbed up a tree in the premises. The police forced him to come down and arrested him,\" he said.On Tuesday night, Salunke brazenly made another attempt to enter the commercial complex. \"However, Kardak again spotted him and denied him entry. Salunke and Kardak also entered into a brawl. The criminal returned in the early hours of Wednesday and bludgeoned a sleeping Kardak to death with a huge stone,\" Jadhav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17408843", "title": "75-year-old woman dies after \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcrocket\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 sets sari afire", "text": "CHENNAI: A 75-year-old woman died of burns sustained after a firecracker, a 'rocket' fell in her lap and her sari caught fire at her house in Ayanavaram on Tuesday night.Pachaiammal was sitting on the steps of her house on Vellalar Street and watching the array of lamps lit up for Karthigai Deepam when the accident occurred.The woman, who was staying with her son Dhanapal, had come out of the house for some fresh air. She was engrossed in seeing children play on the street when a rocket fell in her lap around 6.45pm, police said.As she was wearing a nylon sari, she was engulfed in minutes. Hearing her cries, neighbours came to the spot and some of them used gunny bags to put out the fire. She was then taken to the government Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital and admitted to the burns ward where she died early on Wednesday morning.\"None of the neighbours know where the rocket came from as people in the entire neighbourhood were bursting firecrackers on the occasion of Karthigai Deepam. Most of them were children,\" said an investigating officer.\"The rocket may have come from a place that was several houses away from the victim's. residence. So the fire spread rapidly. Moreover, she was wearing a nylon sari,\" the officer said.The Ayanavaram police registered a case and are investigatin", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17407911", "title": "Lifestyle diseases now surface in rural areas", "text": "PUNE: Lifestyle diseases are no longer restricted to urban areas. The state health department recently screened people from six districts in Maharashtra as part of a Union government initiative and found thousands suffering from hypertension and diabetes. Though the number of people suffering from these conditions is not alarming, officials have nonetheless prescribed the all-familiar urban prescription of a healthy lifestyle that includes physical exercise and eating healthy food.As part of the initiative, 11.62 lakh people were screened in six districts \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Wardha, Washim, Amravati, Gadchiroli, Bhandara and Chandrapur \u00e2\u20ac\u201d between August 2011 and November 2012. A total of 34,586 were detected with high blood sugar and 44,371 with high blood pressure. \"By the end of the year, five more districts will come under the project. By 2017, we plan to screen population from remaining districts. The entire state will be covered in a phase-wise manner,\" said Satish Pawar, joint director (non-communicable diseases - NCD), state public health department. He said the project aimed at early detection of lifestyle diseases so that they can be treated early.Major non-communicable diseases are linked by common risk factors, namely tobacco use in all forms, an unhealthy diet, particularly high consumption of fats, salt and sugar, physical inactivity, obesity, alcohol abuse and stress.Over the next five years, the Union government intends to screen the nation's entire population for diabetes, hypertension, cardio-vascular diseases, cancer and strokes. As part of this, a pilot project has been launched in 100 districts of 21 states for prevention, early detection and treatment of these ailments under the national programme for control of non-communicable disease (NCDs).Officials said the project also aims at creating awareness on adopting healthy lifestyles apart from providing both screening as well as targeted intervention to reduce mortality and morbidity due to diabetes and hypertension. Pawar said, \"People aged over 30 and pregnant women are screened for diabetes and hypertension. Primary health centres, rural hospitals and district hospitals have been strengthened to carry out the gigantic task. The government has given us equipment like glucometers and blood pressure apparatus to carry out the screening.\"Initially, the project was launched in Washim and Wardha but was later extended to four other districts - Amravati, Gadchiroli, Bhandara and Chandrapur - in August 2012.\"We have started treatment of people found suffering from diabetes and hypertension. They are being asked to make lifestyle changes, modify their diet and start physical exercise along with routine medicines. Since most whom are found with high blood sugar and high blood pressure are hooked to some or the other form of addiction like tobacco and alcohol, they are being counselled against it and being encouraged to follow healthy habits,\" said Satish More, state programme manager (non-communicable diseases).People have also been advised against intake of excessive salt and oily food and to include seasonal fruits and vegetables in their diets. Besides, they are advised to start physical exercises slowly and work up gradually like 30 minutes of exercises per day for protection of cardiovascular diseases and diabetes.\"They are asked to follow some easy and comfortable exercises like brisk walk, jogging, swimming, playing games and yoga. Besides, they are advised to adopt relaxation exercises, yoga and meditation, listening to music for coping with stress,\" More said.Over the last one year, state health authorities have been holding health camps in the six districts apart from screening people who visit the state's network of public hospitals - sub-centres, primary health centres, rural hospital and districts hospitals - for diabetes and hypertension. \"We have non-communicable disease out-patient departments at some rural hospitals for this purpose. A record of all those screened with their findings is being maintained. Those detected with the conditions are being sent for confirmatory evaluation to rural hospitals or district hospitals,\" More said. A special staff comprising a doctor, nurse, counseller and a computer operator have been recruited at rural hospitals to evaluate the referred patients, he added.Non-communicable diseases contributes half of the total mortality in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17409127", "title": "Government to start acquiring land for NH", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government has decided to commence land acquisition for the development of NH 47 and 17. The complaints on the land acquisition and alignment will be sorted out by a committee headed by the chief secretary. From the present 30 metres, the width of the roads will be extended to 45 metres. To do so, 7.5 meters from both sides of the road will be used.The grievances over removing worship places will also be considered by the committee. The cabinet has also decided to give an exemption to Kumaranasan Memorial at Thonnakkal, which would have lost a good chunk of land as per the present acquisition plan. Cultural leaders and the opposition LDF had demanded an exemption for the Asan smarakam.Auto fare: The state cabinet decided to increase the minimum auto fare to Rs 15. Last week the government had increased the rate to Rs 14 from the present Rs 12. However, the auto driver's union had been demanding Rs 15 as the minimum charge.Regularization: The government has decided to regularize the physically challenged who joined government services on temporary basis between September 1999 and December 2001, and has completed 179 man days. This would benefit 1,953 people belonging to this category. Already, after this government came to power 1121 people in the category were regularised.Sabarimala: Following the HC directive, K Jayakumar has been re- appointed as chief commissioner of Sabarimala.Madhav Gadgil Committee report: The state government will submit its objections to the Gadgil committee report before the Supreme Court appointed expert committee.Freedom Memorial: The government has decided to demolish the freedom memorial constructed in the secretariat campus by the LDF government in 2001. The decision has been taken following a report submitted by the committee headed by B D Dathan, which said that the memorial lacks artistic value and has evoked poor response from the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17408636", "title": "Maya stands tall, despite the burden", "text": "LUDHIANA: At 40, Maya has created history of sorts by becoming the first woman coolie of the state. Maya, who is from Mansa, joined duty at the Ludhiana railway station wearing her badge number 56. Her father is a labourer. Although this does seem to be a statement of women's empowerment, Maya's story is one of hard struggle.The decision of becoming a coolie was prompted not by challenge but by reasons of survival. She has to fend for her family after her husband's death following a spinal injury. He was a coolie too. After he was gone, there was no one to provide for her 12-year-old son and ailing mother-in-law.However, in the face of formidable circumstances, Maya remained an optimist. \"I would not say this is a compulsion but I have accepted the situation and am taking it as a challenge. I will work till my son completes his studies and can care for the family,\" said Maya.The never-say-die woman starts her day at 4am. She gets her son ready for school and reports for duty at 5am. She works till 5pm. Maya's grit is not lost on those who know her. \"Everyone in my locality respects me. People at my workplace are also keen to help me, as my husband used to work here. Even passengers like to hire me to haul their luggage,\" said Maya. According to station superintendent R K Sharma, \"She is the first lady coolie in the state. She has been given the job on compassionate grounds. It is indeed a brave step and we wish her all the best.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17409125", "title": "Contempt plea against Bhubaneswar hotel", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The luxurious Mayfair Hotel in the city is caught in a land row. Residents of two apartment complexes near the hotel have filed a contempt petition against the hotel in the Orissa high court accusing it of undertaking unauthorized construction on a piece of land, contrary to its submission in the court.\"We filed a contempt petition against Mayfair on Tuesday. The hotel has continued work on a piece of contentious land though it had told the HC on September 12 that there would be no further construction activities there,\" the petitioners' advocate, Debasis Tripathy, told TOI on Wednesday. The HC had earlier disposed of a PIL against the hotel by residents of Jyotsna and Ghanssyam enclaves after the hotel placed a submission on record that \"there was no further construction there.\" The two apartment complexes have around 150 flats.The government had allotted forest land measuring around 10,000 square feet to Mayfair on February 26, 2000. However, the state did not execute the land deed. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17407473", "title": "Limbole hits double ton in Times Shield 'B' Division", "text": "MUMBAI: Two double centuries were recorded on Day Two of the three-day Times Shield 'B' Division Cricket Tournament, on Wednesday.Shrikant Limbole of Mumbai Police, who was unbeaten on 191 on the first day against Future Group, went on to score 225 with two sixes and 31 fours.He was also involved in a 121-run partnership with Santosh Shinde (87) for the fifth wicket. Mumbai Police declared at 519-6 at close of play. Future Group were 157-5, with Anit Kadam batting on 73.The other double centurion of the day was Sumit Ghadigaonkar of Serco Global who hammered 210 in his side's total of 444-7 against B. Arunkumar at Matunga.Among other heavy scorers, Mumbai Port Trust's Sanjay Jamsandekar made 114 against Bank of India while Dhaval Panchal of Cosmos Space hit an unbeaten 100* against RCF in Chembur.Brief scores:Mumbai Police 519-6 decl. (Shrikant Limbole 225, Santosh Shinde 87, Rajesh Tandel 35, Humayun Hirapure 74; Sagar Mishra 2- 91) vs Future Group 157-5 (Amit Kadam 75, Ravi Thakur 3-67).Central Railway 193 &amp; 98-2 (Pravin D'Shetty 60*; Rahul Thakur 2-25) vs Western Railway 266 (Dhiren Salvi 62, Atish Walinjkar 67*, Kishor Gohel 51, J.Patil 3-69, Onkar salvi 4-41).Bank of India 261 &amp; 107-5 ( Vineet Sarang 32*) vs Mumbai Port Trust 312 (Sanjay Jamsandekar 114, Ankush Jaiswal 47, Shivam Dubey 35, Anil Sakpal 33, Nehal Katakdhond 6-51).Income Tax 296 &amp; 185-6 (R.Chouhan 52, Pushkaraj Jadhav 61, D.Nagvekar 35*; Atish Gawand 5-49) vs Mumbai Customs 164 (Atul Ranade 30, Y.Dhumal 34, Bala Shirke 49; Dhaval Parab 3-59, Amit Velaskar 5-35).B. Arunkumar 186 &amp; 66-2 vs Sarco Global 444-7 decl (J Joshi 82, Sumit Ghadigaonkar 210, Brijesh Pujari 59; S.Jadhav 2-107, Gawad 2-93, D.Shetty 2-80). RCF 229 vs Cosmos Space 335-7 (Nehal Shaikh 62, Hanuj Ambhire 46, Dhaval Panchal 100* P.Pawar 42).Indian Navy 239 &amp; 256 (Tahir Khan 66, Nilesh Mantri 66,Amit Kumar 38;Vinay Dandekar 5-79) vs Reliance Energy 150 (Sachin Vichare 37, Ninad kadam 55 R. Gawde 30; Rajat Goswami 4-26, Ishwar Tiwari 3-43).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407184", "title": "Students wary of results amid Delhi University\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s evaluation chaos", "text": "NEW DELHI: Six days into the evaluation process, the spiralling chaos has left students apprehensive about the results. Now, they are holding a protest on Thursday against the doing away of the provision of re-evaluation. Delhi University's argument that evaluation of a single script by three teachers will make re-evaluation unnecessary is being questioned as each is still being checked by only one teacher.The teachers are also going to hold a protest against the evaluation process but on different aspects - they are working in acute discomfort without tables, adequate seating and on Wednesday without food. Meanwhile, the ongoing indefinite protest by the teachers completes 50 days.The situation refused to improve as teachers went without food, examiners finding ways and means to form the group of three examiners, standing in queue for taking answer sheets, and finally waiting for the servers to resume working. \"And finally when we formed the group of three like 'three idiots', we started examining the scripts placing them on laps as we didn't manage to get a table,\" said an examiner at Shri Ram College of Commerce.Things are not good elsewhere. A female examiner at the evaluation centre at Hansraj College complained: \"I started from home at 7.30 am to reach the centre on time. First had to scout for partners and then there is no food as it is a public holiday and the college canteen is not open.\"There are other problems like scripts being partially examined as all the three teachers are not present. A teacher at Miranda House, Abha D Habib who is an examiner at the centre in Keshav Mahavidyalaya said: \"Finally when I couldn't manage to form the trio I was asked to do my part which I did and left. So technically only one teacher is doing the evaluation as I won't check the rest of the questions and other teachers won't re-examine the part I did. So how can the university refuse the provision of re-evaluation and aren't we playing with the careers of the students?\"Despite the holiday, evaluation at SRCC was \"well-attended.\" \"Teachers are not clear of the objective of this and new systems have to be developed. The server was down again and infrastructure and food problems have been there from the start,\" says a teacher.He also senses a tussle between the colleges and university centres. \"Colleges are telling us we have to be there to invigilate and the university wants us to be at the centres to evaluate. I have to drive up from South Campus to North Campus to evaluate after invigilation,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17409042", "title": "Mother-in-law framed man for property", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A city sessions court exonerated a man of dowry death charges after the court found out that his mother-in-law had leveled false charges against him to usurp his property.Mohammed Faruq Shaikh, a resident of Gomtipur, was arrested on January 26 this year on an FIR lodged by his mother-in-law, Noorjahan Ansari that he had abetted the suicide of his wife, Firdaus, a day earlier. The woman died of burn injuries.Shaikh was arrested and came to be tried on charges of sections 498A and 306 of IPC. During the trial, it was established that Shaikh was not present at the spot, when his wife committed suicide. When the complainant, Noorjahan was examined before the court, she disclosed that the house Shaikh and his wife were living in was in her possession after the incident.Shaikh's lawyer, Anand Brahmbhatt argued that Noorjahan filed the case against her son-in-law in order to usurp his property. Many relatives were questioned in this regard, but they denied the fact that Noorjahan had leveled charges of dowry death against Shaikh with a view to taking possession of the house.The defence counsel brought electricity officials to the witness box and it was revealed that after his deposition, Noorjahan transferred the property onto her name. She mentioned in documents that her daughter had died a natural death.This led additional sessions judge, V M Nayak to acquit Shaikh, who was lodged in Sabarmati central jail since January 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17407778", "title": "Panel led by Kakodkar to approve GM crops' trial", "text": "NAGPUR: In a move that will raise hackles of anti-GM (genetically modified) crop activists, state government has set up committee under famous nuclear scientist Anil Kakodkar to advise the government on allowing field trial for a particular GM-variety developed by a company. If this committee clears the crop variety, then its trial would be allowed by the government.Besides Kakodkar, the ten-member panel comprises vice-chancellors and directors (research) of the four agriculture universities of the state and the agriculture commissioner as the member secretary. Earlier, only central government's nod was required for field trials. However, now no objection certificate (NOC) of the government of state where the trial will be conducted is required. Some states have banned such trials completely.Agriculture commissioner Umakant Dangat said any company desirous of conducting a field trial of GM crop would have to submit its proposal to agriculture ministry or the commissionerate. The committee would then study the impact of the crop and submit a report to the government. \"We will study the possible impact on humans, animals, environment and biodiversity. The physical, social and economic impact would also be assessed. No aspect would be left untouched,\" Dangat explained.The commissioner said he would meet Kakodkar on December 3 and the two would prepare a brief for the first meeting of the committee. \"We will make experts in biotechnology special invitees,\" he added.Earlier, in March 2012, the government had set up an internal committee headed by agriculture commissioner and having the directors (research) of the four agriculture universities as members. There was no procedure for deciding whether field trial should be allowed and the committee was expected to do that. However, later the government realized that GM crops was a complicated issue and hence it expanded the committee and roped in Kakodkar.Farmer activist Kishor Tiwari feels that the committee is an eyewash. \"There is a dichotomy in the government's approach. On the one hand our agriculture minister Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil is promoting organic farming and on the other chief minister Prithviraj Chavan wants GM crops. Chavan has always been in favour of GM products. Kakodkar has been chosen because he too is in favour of GM crops.\"Bt cotton has been a miserable failure in the state. The government itself admits this indirectly. It has ruined the cotton farmers of west Vidarbha and Marathwada . Now, does it want to ruin the paddy farmers of east Vidarbha and Konkan,\" an angry Tiwari asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17408248", "title": "Invalid passes rife, could be misused: Pilot", "text": "MUMBAI: A mock security drill at the domestic airport has caught the CISF in poor light. The sentries allowed two loaders carrying passes bearing each other's photo to stroll through the terminal area.Airport sources gave a reason for CISF personnel's tendency to focus on the expiry dates of employees' entry passes. \"In the past here have been quite a few instances of workers using lapsed passes to gain entry to the airport,\" said an airport official. \"Since getting an entry pass from the Bureau of Civil Aviation Security (BCAS) is difficult and time-consuming, contractors ask workers to go on using their expired passes. For a while, they managed to get past security till the flaw in the checking procedure was detected. So now expiry dates on entry passes are checked without fail.''BCAS, which issues and renews airport entry passes, has not made it easy for the CISF personnel either. \"When a pass expires, BCAS issues a new pass but does not ask an employee to surrender his or her old pass. So everyone has more than one pass, one valid and the others invalid. I have about five passes of this kind,\" said a senior pilot. \"The invalid passes could be put to wrong use. BCAS should insist that an employee surrender his or her expired pass before collecting the new one.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17408703", "title": "Two convicts who had jumped parole in 2008 arrested", "text": "NASHIK: Two convicts, at large since 2008 after being released on parole, were recently re-arrested by the city police and sent back to jail. The success of the city police in re-arresting the convicts comes close on the heels of a meeting of a committee formed to take measures in re-arresting prisoners having jumped parole.The convicts re-arrested are Lahanu Waman Katare of Kotamgaon and Namdeo Motiram Waghere of Shramik Nagar Satpur, both facing life imprisonment at Nashik road Central jail for murder. Incidentally, both the convicts fell into the police trap on November 17. While Katare was arrested from Gangapur, Waghere was picked up from Pimpalgaon Dhoom in Dindori tehsil.A team of the city crime branch comprising police inspector Arun More, assistant police inspector Shivaji Palde, Naik Pravin Kokate and others, while tracking eight absconding prisoners from Nashik district, learned that Lahanu Waman Katare's native place was Savargaon in Gangapur, near Nashik. However, there was no record of his native place anywhere, which was proving as a major impediment in tracing him.Meanwhile, after tracing his relatives, the police got information of his native place, which expedited the process of his re-arrest. The police learned that the concerned convict was residing alone, away from the Gangapur village by putting up a shanty near the water tanks in the Gangapur dam area, where he was arrested on November 17.Another convict Namdeo Motiram Waghere, resident of Shramik Nagar Satpur, was caught on Saturday night from Pimpalgaon Dhoom in Dindori tehsil. The investigating team earlier traced his sister Suman Gangurde from Shramiknagar, who was the guarantor in his case. After convincing her that she could find herself in trouble if her convict brother was caught, Suman told the police that their native place was Pimpalgaon Dhoom in Dindori. She also told the police that on the earlier occasion her brother had returned to jail after the parole, but this time, he had not done so.However, Suman told the police that her convict brother was likely to visit Pimpalgaon Dhoom as he knew that she would be there on November 17 to see their ailing grandfather who was over 100 years old. Subsequently, the crime branch asked the Dindori police to visit Waghere's house where he was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17407644", "title": "London mayor extends helping hand", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city could soon have its very own Hyderabad Eye and a Madame Tussauds with help from London after its Mayor said on Wednesday that the British government is keen to extend technical support to development projects.On a six-day visit to the city, Boris Johnson, Mayor of London reacted positively to the development plans of the city presented to him and said he would be happy to explore investment opportunities between the two cities as well.\"I will be happy to provide assistance for tourist attractions like Hyderabad Eye and Madame Tussauds apart from other projects like regeneration of the city and the transport system, especially the metro rail,\" said Boris Johnson at an interactive session with other state government dignitaries at Jubilee Hall. \"We will try to facilitate interaction between the organisations that have taken up similar work in London and the government here. We will also explore various investment opportunities in these projects,\" he added.Johnson met the dignitaries at Jubilee Hall and expressed willingness to support projects on tourist attractions, lake development, city regeneration and transport systems. He also visited Indian School of Business (ISB) and welcomed Indian students to apply for London universities.Apart from the various tourist attractions in the pipeline, Johnson also voiced his interest in the Hyderabad metro rail, Outer Ring Road (ORR) and radial road, Musi river front development and the ongoing Clean Hussainsagar campaign. He said Thames Water, UK's largest water and sewerage company, would be glad to provide expertise in cleaning up of the Hussainsagar.While he said that the airport here was very impressive, he raised some questions pertaining to the financing of such projects and the land acquisition. The metro rail project too invited some queries from him. \"Will the system be completely underground or will there be elevated tracks? And will the trains have a driver or will they run automatically so that the in-charge of the train can look after the passengers better?\" He said expansion of the tube in East London for the Olympics resulted in significant development in the area. Johnson said London could learn a lot from the development projects being done here. Also contributing to the discussion at Jubilee Hall were G Srinivas Rao, state minister for infrastructure and investment, Maheedhar Reddy, state minister for municipal administration and urban development and Majid Hussain, mayor of Hyderabad,Johnson later said that London was open to investments and students from India as well in response to students' queries on the current restrictive immigration policy in UK.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17407681", "title": "Maharashtra government to table 11 bills during winter session", "text": "The state government will table 11 bills in the winter session of state legislature starting from December 10 in Nagpur. Anti-superstition bill, Maharashtra private school and regulation of fees and proposed second amendment in Gram Panchayat Act are some of the major bills that are expected to be discussed and passed, said state parliamentary affairs minister Harshvardhan Patil. There will be six new bills and five pending bills tabled in the session, he said.He was speaking in Pune on Wednesday to announce the awards distributed by state cooperation department to well performing cooperative institutions ranging from dairies to cooperative sugar factories to rural urban credit societies.A major bill, Maharashtra Prevention and Eradication of Human Sacrifice and Other Evil Practices and Black Magic, is pending before the assembly. When contacted, Narendra Dabholkar, founder and executive chairman of Maharashtra Andhashraddha Nirmoolan Samiti expressed his disappointment over continued delay clearing the issue.\"The bill is being tabled since July 2011 to today but it is not coming into force. I have letter from Ajit Pawar dated on November 1 this year who has assured me to held a meeting with assembly speaker and state parliamentary affairs minister and take a final call. But there has been no communication from Harshvardhan Patil's side\", he claimed. The bill is passed in April 2011 but the act has not come into force, Dabholkar said.Sources in the state parliamentary affairs ministry said, \"Candidates contesting elections for local self government have to submit their cast verification certificate at the time of submission of nomination forms. In many situations, it created a stress on administration to provide cast certificate to all needy candidates. The state government has proposed to offer a period of six month to the candidates for producing their certificate after the election.\"Kolhapur-based Shri Hanuman cooperative milk society and agriculture allied services society has won the state level Sahakar Maharshi award. Among the divisions, city based Tirupati Urban cooperative credit society has won Sahakar Bhushan award in Pune division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17408214", "title": "Sons decide to shift Begum to relative's house", "text": "COIMBATORE: After staring helplessly at the sealed front door of her residence bearing numerous memories of her late husband and family members for more than 30 traumatic hours, Khurshid Begum, 63, hopes to get respite from the ordeal late Wednesday night. Speaking to TOI, her son K G Riyaz Ahmed said they have decided to shift their mother to one of their relative's home.Begum literally became a collateral hostage in a long-winding legal tussle involving a bank's attempt to take over the property pledged as guarantee for a loan and her family's desperate attempt to resist in every possible manner the execution of the legal orders issued against them. Her late husband K Gaffur had pledged the deed of their 11 cent property on Palakkad-Coimbatore route in Kuniamuthur, when he stood as a guarantor for his acquaintance way back in 1988.\"We have made alternative arrangements and will shift our mother tonight. We are taking her to our relative's house. We do not require any help from social organisations or anyone else. We are capable of taking care of her all by ourselves. We were in a state of shock yesterday and could not immediately react to the situation on time,\" said Riyaz.Begum was confined to her bed kept at the threshold of her house just three steps away from the main gate of the compound through Tuesday night. Dressed in the same attire, a faded floral nighty tucked under a bed sheet, Khurshid sure displayed tremendous courage after she was forced to remain a mute spectator as bank officials and their helpers took the belongings from her house, prepared an inventory and then locked them in a vacant shop, which was also part of her husband's property. According to Rizwan, the family members had difficulty in giving her insulin shots and medicines for blood pressure as bank officials had removed everything from the house and locked them elsewhere. Officials who had come to repossess the property had to return on Tuesday night after family members kept away from Khurshid and the authorities.\"Our friends and relatives are taking care of our mother. We are giving her medicines and are now trying to finalise our next step,\" said Rizwan Ahmed, Khurshid Begum's eldest son.The loan availed from the Variety Hall branch of Indian Bank was reportedly taken for an acquaintance and regular customer at Gaffur's workshop who had assured him that there will not be any trouble whatsoever. However there seemed to have been some unexpected developments post Gaffur's demise on September 29, 1992, and the actual borrower never bothered to pay the dues to the bank inviting legal action. According to family members some social organisations had come forward to shift Begum to a hospital or an alternate location but her children refused.\"We care for our mother and will take care of her under any circumstance,\" Riyaz Ahmed added.Bank authorities had claimed on Tuesday night that the issue was out of their hands as the property was already auctioned off in 2010 and since the family was refusing to move out the possession documents were yet to be handed over to the new buyer. Meanwhile, family members claimed that a writ petition filed on their behalf before the Madras high court was expected to come up for hearing on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17409075", "title": "Warmer nights from December 3", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odisha is likely to experience a rise in night temperature by 3 to 4 degree Celsius from December 3 and it will continue for at least five days, according to the India Meteorological Department (IMD) Centre on Wednesday.\"The state is experiencing night temperature almost close to normal these days. But it is likely to rise from December 3 under the impact of a low pressure over the Andaman Sea,\" said Sarat Chandra Sahu, director of IMD centre in the city.He said inflow of moisture towards land after the system moves closer to Tamil Nadu and Sri Lanka would lead to rise in night temperature in the state.On Wednesday, the minimum temperature was 2 to 5 degree Celsius below normal at many places except south coastal Odisha, where it was normal. The minimum temperature of 7.6 degree Celsius was recorded at Phulbani while the night temperature at Keonjhar was 8.6 degree Celsius.The minimum temperature recorded at other major places, Koraput - 11 degree C, Sambalpur and Balangir -12.6 degree C each and Balasore -15.4 degree Celsius. The state capital recorded minimum night temperature of 17 degree Celsius that was almost normal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17408263", "title": "Valuables worth Rs 71,000 stolen, hunt on for burglars", "text": "MUMBAI: The JJ Marg police are searching for unidentified persons who allegedly entered a house through the window and stole cash and crystal jewellery, altogether worth Rs 71,500, from the locker on Tuesday.The incident took place at Chapawala Chawl between 8pm-10pm when Taslim Kojawali (20) and his sister had gone to their aunt's home nearby for dinner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "quepem", "code": "17407435", "title": "Assolda villagers pummel Agrawal with complaints", "text": "QUEPEM: South Goa collector N D Agrawal's, during his first visit to Assolda on Wednesday, was greeted with a long barrage of complaints by villagers, along with more complaints of the government's failure to solve them. The collector was in the village as part of his promise to visit all panchayats to hear public grievances and solve urgent matters on the spot.He was accompanied by local MLA Nilesh Cabral, deputy collector of Quepem Sandya Kamat, sarpanch Sukash Dessai and panchas.The Assolda panchayat office, which was built around 20 years back, is in a dilapidated conditionm with pieces are falling off the ceiling.A villager, Thomas C Fernandes, told the collector that despite the buildings' weak condition, the panchayat had planned to construct a floor over the existing ground floor. The proposal has to be scrapped to prevent a disaster and save public funds from being wasted, he said.The collector told him that he cannot act immediately on the issue as technical advise is needed, and that he would appoint an engineer to check the stability of the structure.Another resident, Flaviano Fernandes, complained that a fair price shop at Xelvona had been shut down for the past eight months. Ration card holders are not getting their monthly ration, he said.Agrawal promised to initiate strict action against the fair price shop owner, and if necessary, to cancel his licence. The collector expressed regret about the lack of a systematic approach among some officials in discharing their duties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17407126", "title": "Can't turn Eden into Kotla: Prabir Mukherjee", "text": "KOLKATA: Eden Gardens curator Prabir Mukherjee on Wednesday welcomed the arrival of BCCI's East Zone pitch expert Ashish Bhowmick to assist him in preparing the track for the third Test between India and England, but ruled out producing a rank turner as desired by Team India captain MS Dhoni .\"It will be a sporting track, but we can't allow the Eden Gardens to be turned into a Ferozeshah Kotla. I am sure the BCCI and the CAB too wouldn't like that,\" said the 83-year-old Mukherjee, who has produced 15 Test pitches at this venue over 14 years. Mukherjee was referring to the pitch fiasco at the Kotla in 2009 that had invited a one-year ICC ban. However, it's pertinent to recall here that Kotla was banned for a pitch which posed physical danger to batsmen due to uneven, fitful bounce.He, however, promised to keep in mind the Indian team's interests while tending to the 22 yards. \"I know Ashish for a long time. He is a junior colleague and I am happy to have him here with me. We will work together and produce a surface worthy of a Test match,\" Mukherjee added.Interestingly, Bhowmick, who air-dashed to Kolkata from Agartala on Wednesday evening on BCCI's ground and pitches committee chairman Daljit Singh's instructions, had \"inspected\" the Eden Gardens pitch on November 26, a day after Daljit had a look at it during his whistle-stop trip to Kolkata.Daljit, however, claimed that Bhowmick's trip to Eden was a routine one. \"It is usual for the zonal curator to work with the hosting association's pitch in-charge. I was there in Ahmedabad too with Suru Nayak, the West Zone curator. It is part of BCCI's curriculum. Zonal experts need to make sure that all first-class matches are played on good surfaces,\" Daljit told TOI.Mukherjee echoed Daljit's views. \"Last year when Eden hosted a Test against the West Indies, the then East Zone curator, Rahul Das of Jharkhand, had also come down to oversee the preparation of the pitch,\" he recalled. \"I too used to visit other East Zone centres when I was the zonal curator,\" Mukherjee added.Daljit acknowledged Mukherjee's expertise on pitches, saying, \"He is one of the seniormost curators around. I had a good discussion with him about the kind of surface we can produce at the Eden Gardens and I have also shared my views with Bhowmick too. I am sure they will come up with a good pitch.\"Mukherjee also denied getting any direction from either the BCCI or Daljit about preparation of the track. Bhowmick, who was appointed East Zone curator at BCCI's AGM in September, will have a look at the Eden strip on Thursday and hold talks with top CAB officials before addressing the 'ground realities'.CAB president Jagmohan Dalmiya , meanwhile, made it clear that there was no question of removing Mukherjee from his post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17408575", "title": "Airports Authority of India's fresh reprieve to Patna airport", "text": "PATNA: Bigger aircraft like Airbus-320 and Boeing 737 will continue to operate from the Jaya Prakash Narayan International Airport here beyond November 30, till further orders. On Wednesday, the airport authorities received a new order from the Airports Authority of India (AAI) allowing the existing runway length to be used till the AAI sets a new deadline.Earlier, it may be recalled, the AAI had issued order for reducing the runway's length in view of the obstructions in the vicinity of the airport and called for removing them (including trees) on a priority basis. Implementation of this order was deferred a couple of times, with the latest deadline being set to expire on November 30. Reduction of the runway length would have made the airport unfit for operation of wide-bodied jets.The Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) had earlier asked the AAI to get the minimum safety requirements fulfilled for operating the airport. \"The revised runway length was to be implemented from November 30, which has been deferred for the time being,\" said Arvind Dubey, director, Patna airport.He said, \"In the letter issued by the AAI, it is mentioned that the issue of removal of obstructions in the vicinity of the airport remains. The latest order states the obstacles should be removed at the earliest.\" \"AAI has not set any new deadline, but this does not mean that the issue of removal of obstructions has been resolved. The order said that the removal of obstructions should be looked into immediately and the next order from the AAI would depend on the progress of the removal work,\" he said.The concerns of DGCA regarding safe landing and take-off of big aircraft at the airport arises from the fact that there are tall trees along the Phulwari railway track and in the graveyard which remain to be trimmed. The AAI found that the Patna airport had identified 101 obstructions on either side of the tarmac which were dangerous for the landing of aircraft. According to forest department officials, hundreds of trees have been pruned and cut, besides removal of hoardings and streetlights near the airport.All scheduled airlines like Air India , Jet Airways, Indigo, GoAir and Kingfisher fly to Patna and, on an average, the airport witnesses over 40 take-offs and landing by these airlines every day.DGCA had pointed out that the airport has one of the shortest runways in the country at 6,409 feet. Only 5,061 feet of the runway is in use. The short runway makes it difficult for bigger aircraft like Airbus 320 and Boeing 737 to operate at the airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17408005", "title": "Beach houses standing on shaky foundation?", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The unbridled construction activity on Vizag beaches taken up to cash in on the burgeoning demand for dream homes with a breathtaking view of the Bay of Bengal, is resulting in the sea gnawing away at the beach front at an alarming rate.Experts caution that the sea has advanced by quite a few meters from where it was just about 20 years ago and the rapid soil erosion is threatening to eat into the very foundations of the residential and commercial concrete structures dotting the port city's coastline.A combination of various factors such as tidal effects, upwelling and sinking has resulted in several rapid changes off the Vizag coast, posing a serious threat to structures located on the coastline, especially Beach Road, warns Prof O S R U Bhanu Kumar, senior professor, department of meteorology and oceanography, Andhra University.Pointing out that erosion or weathering is a continuous process, Bhanu Kumar said that the coastal zone was witnessing a spectacular change in tidal and wave effects with two important processes of upwelling (sand deposited from sea to shore) and sinking (sand taken away from the shore to sea) playing a key role in the process of erosion. \"The beach profile is very dynamic on space and time scales and is not static as we expect. The impact of rip currents, which are mainly formed by the North East monsoon and South West monsoon and take away sand deposited near the coast, also adds to the erosion. Also, obstacles such as jetties and other man-made constructions reduce the natural gap between sand bars, contributing to erosion,\" he explained.The over-exploitation of the beachfront is damaging the fragile ecosystem in the region, said architect Shabnam Patel. \"Petrol pumps and workshops are coming up near Beach Road. The growing number of structures adds to the pollution of the groundwater system and the sea, which is integral to the community of fishermen.\"Despite Coastal Regulation Zone (CRZ) guidelines, several areas on Beach Road continue to witness unchecked construction activity as realtors flout rules with impunity. CRZ norms indicate that the beach area is public property and needs to have access points to the sea for the public.\"The only people allowed construction in a regulated manner are fisherfolk to meet the demands of the growing community,\" she added. CRZ regulations allow traditional fisherfolk to build fish landing facilities like jetty for their sustainable livelihood as also houses up to 9 meters in height.Prof C N V Satyanarayana Reddy, department of civil engineering, Andhra University, said the construction of structures on sand was not advisable. However, if constructed, they should be supported by groins (barrier built out from a sea-shore to protect land from erosion), which is missing here. He said the problem was much more visible in Chennai and the Kakinada port area but could worsen here if construction was not regulated.However, realtors argue that they are only catering to the clamour for beach-facing properties, which cost around Rs 5,000 per sft as against the Rs 3000-3500 per sft commanded by realty in any other non-beach prime locality like Seethammadhara or MVP Colony, and say they are taking all the precautions required. Some of them also blame Visakhapatnam Urban Development Authority (Vuda) for the ambiguity regarding construction on the beach.\"So far, Vuda has not been clear about CRZ II norms and there is also a lot of ambiguity in its master plan. We do take extra precautions like putting in place deep pile foundations but that varies from builder to builder,\" said Raghavendra Rao, a prominent city builder, admitting that he had noticed the phenomenon of soil erosion phenomenon but points out there is hardly any space left on Beach Road now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17408689", "title": "Indira Gandhi lent Indian politics the dynastic shift: Ramachandra Guha", "text": "BANGALORE: The Congress led by Indira Gandhi fostered a generation of hero worship and dynasty politics after 1969. This inspired many others like Muthuvel Karunanidhi, who started off with noble intentions to fight against caste discriminations, to do the same and has led to a centralization of politics in present India, said Ramachandra Guha , on Wednesday.He was speaking during the launch of his latest book, Patriots and Partisans.The 54-year-old historian went on to add that Jawaharlal Nehru, one of the most charismatic leaders of Indian politics, has been slowly losing his popularity because of the Congress's dynastic politics.\"Sins of seven successive generations have been bestowed on Nehru,\" he said light-heartedly.The highest paid non-fiction writer of the country also slammed the phenomenon called the 'Congress chamchagiri'. \"I saw a long queue of Congress party members waiting outside Rahul Gandhi's house during his birthday, a couple of years ago, braving scorching sun. Nevertheless, Rahul didn't come out to greet them while the 100 kilogram cake they had brought for him disintegrated leaving a trail from the Congress general secretary's house till the Indira Gandhi circle,\" he said.He said that scientific institutions in Delhi couldn't achieve the success of ones in other parts of the country as officials chosen in the capital-based institutions are often selected on the recommendation of politicians.Guha went on to add that massacre of Muslims in Hyderabad during the annexation of the state by the Indian army happened before the constitution came into being in 1950, but it is sad that the perpetrators of 1984 Sikh massacre and 2002 Muslim massacre in Gujarat, which were initiated by Congress and BJP , respectively, haven't still been punished.He slammed right and left wing politicians, saying that the citizens have allowed the Hindu rightists' claims to be truly patriots of the country because the left is often considered anti-patriotic because their fatherland has always been a different country - depending upon the prevalence of Marxists movements in these countries, like China, the USSR, Cuba and currently Venezuela - and also due to the high decibel levels and angry outbreaks of the saffron brigade.\"Violence unleashed by left ( Naxalites ) and right (Hindu fundamentalists) is against democracy, liberalism, religious plularism and tolerance, the idea that our Constitution promotes. Citizens should protect the country from these extremisms,\" he said.TOO EARLYGuha had a word of advice for the Arvind Kejriwal-launched Aam Aadmi Party, saying that it's too early for them to participate in the 2014 general elections. \"Their current economic policies are a bit naive,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nagda (ujjain)", "code": "17407955", "title": "German plant in Nagda shows a way for sustainable development", "text": "NAGDA (UJJAIN): Availability of water is a chronic problem during summer season every year for industries located in Nagda. However, Germany-headquartered intermediate speciality chemical major Lanxess, having its plant here, has come up with a way out to put and end to the crisis. It has started a waste water post treatment plant at its site, with an investment of Rs 35 crore.The plant will treat the discharge from the existing effluent treatment plant (ETP) in a manner that virtually no liquid effluent is discharged from the site. The water recovered from the waste water post treatment plant can be used in production processes.The plant will collect the sewage and waste water flowing from various colonies in the township and will recycle it through reverse osmosis process before making it use-worthy for the plant. It will also ensure that the plant was not affected when the water dries up in the Chambal river, the main source of water supply.Addressing the gathering to unveil the plant, Dr Joerg Strassburger , managing director and country representative, Lanxess India, said, \"We are happy that we have been able to create new benchmarks in the area in India we would continue to invest in further improving our levels of safety and sustainability at our manufacturing facilities in the country.\"Praising the move by the company, the state minister of industry AND IT, Kailash Vijaywargiya, said, \"I will take the message about the treatment of waste water and its use for the running of a plant to the world when I address an international seminar on climate change at Doha on December 1\".Consul general of the Federal Republic of Germany, Michael Siebert, said, \"I have already started interacting with the people here. Last evening I met a number of local industrialists in Indore. I do feel that there is a room for more partnerships between Germany and Madhya Pradesh.\"kumud.das@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17407364", "title": "FIR against cops for sexual exploitation", "text": "PANAJI: A female victim of sexual trafficking has filed a complaint at crime branch against two policemen attached to Calangute police station for sexual exploitation and extortion of money. An FIR has been registered with crime branch against a head constable and a constable.Sources in the police department said the girl in her complaint stated that police constables attached to Calangute police station used to demand sexual favours from her and extorted money from her to allow her to conduct her business. Sources also said the girl alleged that the constables were de-facto running the prostitution business.She said the constables were forcing her to inform them about the new girls entering the prostitution racket so that the policemen could seek sexual gratification from the new entrants, instead of rescuing the girls.The girl has also said that if an identification parade is conducted she would be able to identify the police constables who used her for sexual exploitation.Police sources said the girl has been sent to the protective home and crime branch is investigating the case.Sources added that the girl was earlier rescued by Calangute police and had later made the allegations of sexual exploitation against the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "17406949", "title": "Jain community ready to help restore temple", "text": "KERI: Continued apathy on the part of the directorate of archaeology and archives has led to negligence of the Jain temple at Cudnem, 3km away from Sanquelim.At a recent visit to the temple, Nirmalkumar Jain Sethi, national president of the Jain Mahasabha and other members of the Jain community were left disappointed at the rundown condition of the structure. \"This temple is an example of pre-Portuguese architecture and needs to be protected. The Jain Mahasabha is ready to provide necessary financial assistance and other guidance for its protection and conservation,\" Sethi said.The temple, which boasts a sabhamandapa (hall for audience) and a garbhagriha (sanctum sanctuary), was first brought to light by the directorate of archives, archaeology and museum in 1986. Efforts were made to conserve the structure but in the last three years the government has failed to pay the monument any attention. There is evidence in the vicinity to suggest that the temple and sculptures inside it were deliberately destroyed by invaders in the 17th century AD. It temple was constructed of laterite and lime mortar was used as the binding material. The architecture of the temple has indicated that it belonged to the Vijaynagar period.Chandrakant Bhojepatil from Ponda said, \"The directorate of archaeology and archives should initiate steps for conserve the temple. The Jain community is ready to help in any way possible.\"Kapoor Chand Jain Patni, chief editor of the Jain Gazette weekly from Guwahati said, \"The temple of Cudnem is in a dilapidated condition and its entrance is blocked by grass and undergrowth. It needs to be cleared at the earliest.\"\"The process of tendering the work of all 51 protected monuments in Goa is under way. Debris clearance and minor repair work of the Jain temple will be done,\" said director of archives and archaeology Manohar Dicholkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17409388", "title": "3 bodies of Jharkhand Prastuti Committee cadres recovered", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Palamu police on Wednesday recovered three bodies of Jharkhand Prastuti Committee (JPC) cadres at Taal road in Panki block of the district.Palamu Anoop T Mathew said, \"The three of JPC cadres were ostensibly killed by the CPI (Maoists). The bodies carried marks of bullets and knife injuries.\" The three deceased have been identified as Babulal Bhuiyan alias Avinash, chief of the JPC in the Panki area, and Pradip Bhuiyan alias Prashant and Butan alias Vikram. \"The trio was killed in revenge as injury marks suggest,\" said the SP. On the night of November 28, the Maoists killed them. Sources said the three were held captive on Tuesday November 27 by the Maoists. As all were unarmed and in civil dresses, the Maoists had no difficulty in detaining them, said a source.The Maoists were in hot chase of Bhuiyan as he was a \"declared killer\" of a top Red leader Shahdeo in Panki area about 8 weeks ago. Bhuiyan ran short of luck on Tuesday and fell in the captivity of the Maoists.On the possibility of the JPC hitting back the Maoists, the SP said, \"The JPC is a fragile unit of the Naxalites and is no match for the Maoists and chances of its hitting back is remote.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17408970", "title": "Youth accuses friends of theft", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A youth filed a complaint against his four friends for stealing valuables including 30 pairs of clothes worth Rs 2.45 lakh with Ellisbridge police. While two accused have been arrested, hunt is on for the remaining two.Complainant Alok Sharma, a resident of Amrakunj Society in Ambawadi, stays alone at his residence. When he was going out for four days on November 17, he contacted his friends - Nanji Dave, Mohan, Bhuvan and Narhari and told them to visit the house in his absence so that no burglary takes place.\"When Sharma returned on November 21 he found many of his belongings including pairs of clothes missing. However, the rest of articles in the house were kept intact. He questioned the quartet about the incident but they feigned ignorance. Sharma requested them to return his belongings including cash, valuables and clothes. However, when they refused to do so, he decided to file a complaint,\" said an Ellisbridge police official.Investigators said that they have arrested Bhuvan and Mohan in connection with the case, whereas search for Nanji, considered to be the prime accused, is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17407856", "title": "Health of the Mutha to be measured", "text": "PUNE: City-based Shrishti Environment and Sustainability (SES) Society will soon undertake water sampling of the Mutha river at four locations, beginning from Vitthalwadi to the Sangam bridge near the PMC. The year-long sampling activity will begin from December 25 and the water samples will be collected quarterly with the participation of school and college students.The society will also check the dissolved oxygen (DO) level in the Mutha river against the backdrop of the incident at Katraj lake when low DO level resulted in dead fish earlier this month.The first report of the study will be made public in January 2014. Sayali Joshi, chief executive officer of SES, said, \"The activity aims to inform citizens about the pollution status of the city's rivers. Along with government authorities, it is also the citizens' responsibility to help in the process of river purification.\"Joshi said that water samples to check for DO levels will be taken from four locations. \"As one moves from Vitthalwadi towards PMC, one sees residential buildings. On the other hand, one finds industrial and agricultural sites. The run-off from all these establishments flows into the Mutha. Thus samples will be taken quarterly, after which values will be compared and the cumulative report will be published in January 2014,\" she said.Apart from DO, other water testing parametres such as Total Dissolved Solids (TDS), Biochemical Oxygen Demand (BOD) and Chemical Oxygen Demand (COD) will be tested. \"If the DO in water decreases, its aquatic biodiversity automatically decreases. The DO is the basic parametre in testing the health of a water body. The DO content should be above 5 part per million (ppm) for a water body to be healthy,\" she said.Earlier SES findings show that the DO level in the Mutha river at Vitthalwadi has decreased from 2 ppm to 0.3 ppm in the last two years, she said. \"As we go downstream, the DO goes on decreasing and is always zero at the Sangam bridge,\" said Joshi. She added that it has also been observed that the population of fresh water birds decreases from Khadakwasala to Vitthalwadi, while scavenger species increase from Vitthalwadi to the Sangam bridge.SES is inviting volunteers to participate in collecting water samples, testing for DO and preparing weekly reports. \"SETU has come forward to upload the information on their website. If the response is good, SES will also spread this movement across Maharashtra,\" she said.Meanwhile, as part of a long-term strategy, SES has initiated a programme with its associate organisations to understand citizens' views on Pune's environmental issues and their solutions.The studies will be focused on cost of living, water pollution, deterioration of rivers and lakes and the ever-increasing problem of solid waste.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17408509", "title": "Textile firm to exchange know-how with Pakistan", "text": "LUDHIANA: City-based textile company, SEL plans to send a five-member technical committee to Lahore to visit textile manufacturing units and learn how to manufacture best quality yarn even if the raw material, cotton, is sub-standard. In return, SEL will give knowhow on captive power generation to sections in Pakistan Punjab industry, which faces persistent problem of power shortage.\"During a recent trip to Pakistan, I realised that the country produces good quality yarn despite having sub standard cotton. Here, things are the opposite. We have planned to send a technical committee to learn the know-how behind this,\" Neeraj Saluja, managing director of SEL, said.In return, SEL is to help industry across the border cope with power scarcity, for which captive power generation is a viable technology. \"We can pass on the technology by using biomass. In Punjab (Pakistan), power is a major problem and this project can help them become self sufficient in the power sector,\" Saluja said.Captive power plants are projects that work independently, using biomass. They are meant for in-house power generation and not for sale outside. Besides, Saluja said he was working to facilitate exchange of expertise and knowledge sharing between All Pakistan Textile Mills Association (APTMA), Lahore, and North India Textile Mills Association (NITMA), New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17409982", "title": "Daily wage workers seek regularization", "text": "MYSORE: Daily wage workers of the social welfare department will stage a protest rally on Thursday demanding regularization of job.Workers from Mandya, Hassan, Kodagu, Chamarajanagar and Mysore districts will take part in the rally. \"According to the Supreme Court judgment, anyone employed continuously for more than 10 years on daily wage basis should be considered for regularization. But none of the daily wagers in the department have been regularized,\" Karnataka State Daily Wagers Association president Pramod Chikkamanur said.Other departments like health and family welfare and forest have regularized the job of daily wage workers. Around 3,750 workers in the social welfare department in the state are awaiting regularization order, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407746", "title": "Somebody is goading Singh: Ex-CAG officials", "text": "NEW DELHI: Condemning the attack by former CAG official R P Singh and the ruling UPA on the 2G audit report, a group of his former colleagues have claimed that it was part of a \"deliberate assault and an attempt to damage a crucial pillar of the basic structure of the Constitution\".In a signed statement on Wednesday, a group of retired senior officers of Indian Audits and Accounts Service said they were seriously concerned over the \"unprecedented, prolonged and fierce campaign\" adopted by the government and the Congress party against the CAG.S Krishnan, a former additional secretary and one of the signatories, told TOI that he and many of his former colleagues feel that R P Singh \"could not have said all that without being goaded by somebody. That is the popular feeling\".The statement said the purpose of the campaign against CAG was clearly to cripple the institution permanently and noted that it was \"a deliberate assault and an attempt to damage a crucial pillar of the basic structure of the Constitution\".Besides Krishnan, others who signed the statement are former additional deputy CAG S C Anand, former secretary Ramaswamy R Iyer and former deputy CAGs J N Gupta, B P Mathur and R Parameswar.The former CAG officials criticized R P Singh on his claim that his draft was edited and changed at the headquarters. They said this was the normal practice in all bureaucracies. \"Comments or objections or reports initiated from the field offices may be modified or sharpened or toned down or even dropped at the headquarters. There is nothing sinister in this. It happens in the case of all reports. The CAG's office at headquarters has a responsibility to make sure that the draft report is worthy of signature by the CAG and submission to the President of India,\" they said.Krishnan also pointed out that to ensure quality of the report, there was a system of peer review of the draft by a group of senior officers. \"Mr R P Singh himself is said to have sat in on the peer review of his draft report,\" he said. The peer review may result in changes in the draft report, and once that process is completed and the CAG has approved the draft, the initiating DG has to sign the report. That was normal departmental procedure, he said.\"Not only did Singh sign the report, but he is also reported to have made a Power Point presentation on the 2G report to the PAC. How then can he come forward with reservations at this stage? Besides, his reservations are of no consequence. By signing and submitting the report to the President of India, the CAG has taken full responsibility for it,\" the statement said.The officials also dismissed information and broadcasting minister Manish Tewari's demand that the CAG should engage in a public debate with him over the 2G report. \"Any one of us can debate, but not CAG. He is far beyond that,\" Krishnan said.\"Once a report has been finalised, signed and submitted to the President, there is no question of the CAG debating it with anyone. In fact, once the report is submitted and is laid on the table of the House; it becomes the property of Parliament and is not open for debate in any other forum,\" they said. Such a debate outside Parliament involving the CAG, who is a constitutional authority, would in fact be an \"impropriety,\" the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17410166", "title": "3 years, 38 cases of man-animal conflict", "text": "AURANGABAD: Three cages at strategic locations at Waluj and Pimpalkhuta villages have not helped the forest department capture two panthers from the area.Following the recent case of man-animal conflict in Waluj where a woman was injured by a panther, the forest department had intensified its hunt for the wild cats. The animals were spotted in Waluj and nearby areas.Meanwhile assistant conservator of forest R R Malekari said on Monday that the injured women, the 38th victim in a span of the last three years in the division, would be given compensation as per the government's guidelines. The process was on, he said.In 2009-10, there were six cases of man-animal conflict but no humans were killed. There were cases of panthers and wild boars entering the areas in remote villages of the division and hurting villagers. The forest department had paid a total compensation of about Rs 1.75 lakh.In 2010-11, the number of such cases surged to 13 and one person was killed by a wild boar. The department had paid a total of about Rs 3.76 lakh as compensation in all the cases. In 2011-12, 10 cases of man-animal conflict were registered and a child was killed by a panther. The total compensation paid by the department in 2011-12 was about Rs 3.79 lakh.This year, the cases registered during the current financial year has already touched 9 where panthers and wild boars had injured the villagers. However, no death was reported so far and the forest department had paid about Rs 2.15 lakh in compensation.The state government offers a compensation of Rs 2 lakh for those permanently disabled as a result of attacks by wild animal or are killed. The persons severely injured by the wild animals are offered Rs 50,000 while who sustain minor injuries get Rs 7,500 in the form of compensation. However, the victims of conflicts with wild animals like tiger, panther, bear, hyena, wild boar, Indian wolf, fox, elephant, wild dog and crocodile are only eligible for the compensation benefits. It is also necessary that disability should be certified by the district surgeon or a district-level medical officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "singur", "code": "17410689", "title": "Friends fall out, Singur caught in home battle", "text": "Singur: Rebel Trinamool minister Rabindranath Bhattacharya is ready to pay the ultimate price for speaking his mind. But he wants Mamata Banerjee to drop him from the Cabinet rather than taking the decision himself.Bhattacharya is waiting for the government's invitation to the CM's meeting on November 30. \"Let me see how the government addresses me in the invite - minister or MLA. I will decide my course accordingly,\" the mastermoshai said on Wednesday.Bhattacharya's tactic and his systematic leaks to the media have made Trinamool leaders jittery. The party's Singur block president, Becharam Manna, who was recently made MoS agriculture, has already sought disciplinary steps against Bhattacharya.\"If Rabin-babu was for farmers he would have come to the block office today. He didn't. Instead he is busy making baseless comments against the party. We are keeping our leadership posted about his activities on a daily basis. I have recommended disciplinary steps against him,\" Manna said.But the task isn't easy. The mastermoshai may be an 'ordinary minister' but in Singur, he commands great respect. And Becharam needs a clean man like Rabin-babu to lead from the front.\"The party will lack credibility minus Rabin-babu,\" a Singur Trinamool activist said, pointing out that under his leadership Trinamool had won 15 of the 16 gram panchayats in Singur. \"It won't be the same if the party takes action against Rabin-babu,\" he said.However, Becharam, with his new status, has an edge over mastermoshai in organisation. Realising that Bhattacharya is in his sunset days, some Trinamool men have already switched loyalties. Kalipada Das of Gopalnagar Madhyapara is one such. He was all praise for mastermoshai but the first to hail Manna when he came to the Singur block office on Wednesday.\"Our new minister is a fighter. No one can deny that he took great pains in leading the Singur stir,\" Das said, even as several people standing in the rice queue were livid with Becharam.Becharam isn't sparing his one-time guru. He kept informing Mamata that Bhattacharya is in touch with disgruntled personalities such as Sunanda Sanyal and a party MLA. \"Rabin-babu kept mum all these days. He raised his voice only after he was offered a department that he didn't like,\" Manna said.But these remarks and the oblique reference to mastermoshai's son Tushar Bhattacharya's connections with Tata Motors officials during the land agitation can barely dent mastermoshai's public image that has become larger than life in the last few days.Leader of the Opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra applauded Bhattacharya for his steps against the seed muddle. Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya congratulated him for his courage, and even former panchayat samiti office bearer Sulekha Malik, now expelled from the party called on rebel minister at his Shibarambati house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "pathankot", "code": "17408128", "title": "Two poachers held with leopard skins", "text": "PATHANKOT: Two persons were arrested on Wednesday and two leopard skins recovered from their possession which they were allegedly carrying from neighbouring Himachal Pradesh to sell in Pathankot in Punjab.The two leopard skins are estimated to be worth Rs 1.50 crore in the international market, police said.On a tip off, police at a checkpost near Mirthal arrested the two poachers. They were identified as Gali Ram and his son Anil Kumar , residents of Kansari village in Nurpur Tehsil of Himachal Pradesh.After preliminary interrogation, they said they shepherds and killed the two leopards because they had been attacking their sheep and posed a threat to the human lives in the area also, according to police.They killed the leopard by throwing meat pieces laced with poison in the forest and both the animals.Police said the teeth, claws and skeletons of the leopards were yet to be recovered.Police said the accused have been booked under Wildlife Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17408942", "title": "Cops begin to register domestic help", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city police have started a drive to reach out to housing societies in the western city parts to register servants. Starting the drive on Wednesday, the Satellite police served notice to five societies and registered a case against a resident for not getting the domestic help registered. Police said that the drive will continue in the days to come.Earlier, the Zone I police officials had indicated that most households were not coming forward to register their servants, thus violating the city police commissioner's notification. Police then decided to reach out to societies, identify domestic help, and register them on the spot. Police had also urged citizens to use the city police website to complete the registration online.D N Chavda, inspector of Satellite police station, said that the teams visited several societies in the area and gathered information on domestic help. \"We approached the management of the societies and housing colonies and asked them to complete the formalities or be ready to face the music,\" he said. \"We also distributed forms for registration.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17408045", "title": "Chembur silver shop burgled", "text": "MUMBAI: The Chembur police are looking for a burglar who broke into a shop and stole 13.5 kg silver worth Rs 8.1 lakh on Tuesday at midnight.The incident took place at Chawanda Jewellers. Shop owner, Madansingh Parmar (19), learnt about the incident when neighbouring shop owner called him the next morning and informed him of the the break-in.\"The accused seems to have carried out recce before breaking into the shop. Silver chains, idols and pendants are missing,\" said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17408836", "title": "Hospital to send blood via chute to lab across road", "text": "CHENNAI: A city hospital will soon be transporting their patients' blood samples through an underground chute across a road and a public park.Apollo Hospitals will build the chute through which samples will be moved from the hospital on Greams Road to their research and development laboratory located three buildings away. The 69m chute would run under the Autos Park. Hospital authorities say a normal conveyor belt would be fitted into the chute of concrete.\"The blood samples would be placed in sealed containers, which when placed in the tube would travel to the laboratory in minutes,\" said Dr S Bhama, medical superintendent of Apollo Hospitals.They say this is a lot simpler than carrying test tubes and vials in batches to the laboratory. Called a pneumatic chute, the mechanism is used in Apollo's Hyderabad hospital, the doctor said.The chute needs to be maintained only at normal temperature, but should have a sterilized atmosphere, said Dr Bhama. The concrete exterior structure would be 25cm in diameter. Inside, another pipe of 15cm diameter would be fitted, so a sterilized atmosphere can be maintained.The Chennai Corporation is expected to give permission for the project at the monthly council meeting on Thursday. They will charge the hospital a track rent of 1,27,220 every year, which should be paid in advance. \"Usually a pipeline of 1km will be charged 9,400 a year, but since this a unique project, we charge them five times the normal rate,\" stated a resolution to be passed by the corporation on Thursday.Corporation officials said they have insisted on safety norms. \"We have given them a lot of conditions which they have to abide by, not just regarding rent but also the structure,\" said corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan.Initially the chute was planned to be a pipeline 20ft above the ground. \"This could have caused problems when huge vehicles cross the road,\" said the commissioner.\"We advised them to build the chute at least 4ft underground and ensure that digging for any reason by large machines does not happen,\" said a corporation official.The hospital management then returned with a new plan to move the chute underground, which the civic body approved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17410096", "title": "Key witness in hooch deaths trial shot dead", "text": "KOLKATA: Less than three weeks before the trial in Bengal's worst hooch tragedy was to start, a crucial witness was gunned down on Wednesday on a bustling road in Mograhat, a few steps from the local police station. The victim, 32-year-old Abdul Aleem Sk, had dared to take on dreaded gangster Selim Laskar, who was once the mentor of hooch don Khora Badshah and is now working with him, say sources.The hooch tragedy trial was initially supposed to be held in Diamond Harbour court but the fear of intimidation of the 228 witnesses prompted CID to shift it to Alipore court.Aleem was a rights activist and had recently joined the Congress. Seven months before the hooch deaths, he had led some locals in demolishing Badshah's hooch dens in Mograhat. He was also instrumental in the reopening of a two-year-old unnatural death case of van-rickshawpuller Hara Fakir. The CID has taken over this case too, since Selim is suspected to be behind the 'murder'.Selim was suspected to be involved in CPM's Operation Sunshine \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the armed recapture of Nandigram \u00e2\u20ac\u201d after being arrested from a guest house in Mahisadal in November 2007. He was chargesheeted for possession of illegal firearms.There is a history of witnesses turning hostile or going silent in cases against Selim, say sources. After Aleem lodged an FIR against Selim and his henchman Mujibur, a counter-FIR was lodged by Mujibur two days later. Surprisingly, while Aleem's FIR (case No. 325, Nov 22) was lodged under bailable sections of rioting, the FIR against him (case No. 328, Nov 24) had non-bailable charges.Police find clue to killers, hopeful of breakthrough. Aleem moved court for bail and was granted his plea on Tuesday on the condition that he meet his investigating officer at Mograhat police station at regular intervals.A day later, he was murdered soon after his first visit to the police station.\"Aleem had gone there with three other people. I, too, met him outside the police station. We were talking when Aleem said he needed to go to his office at Gazipara crossing, barely five minutes away,\" said a witness, who refused to reveal his identity. The friends split up.\"He was alone when he was shot twice in the head. The street was bustling with people and almost everyone saw the killers. The police reached there within minutes,\" he added.Aleem's family was too caught up with the post-mortem and other legal formalities to lodge a complaint, said a relative. ASP-rural, South 24-Parganas, Kankar Prasad Barui said police have a \"near clear idea\" to which gang is behind the killing. \"We are hopeful of a breakthrough soon. There are no arrests yet,\" he said.Aleem had recently been elected the Congress block president, said district Congress leader Sujit Patowari. \"He was murdered by Trinamool-backed criminals,\" Patowari alleged. Local Trinamool MLA and newly inducted minister of state for minority affairs Giyasuddin Mollah rejected the allegation, saying: \"How can Trinamool be linked to this?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17407749", "title": "IndiGo opposes bail to troublesome passenger", "text": "NAGPUR: IndiGo Airlines has moved the court to oppose the bail plea of Manoj Virkhare who had created ruckus in a drunken state on its Delhi-Nagpur-Pune flight. IndiGo lawyer Devendra Chauhan said the gravity of the offence led the airline to challenge bail plea of Virkhare. \"It is very rare that an airline takes such a step. IndiGo was forced as Virkhare's actions put the lives of all on board in jeopardy,\" he said.On November 20, Manoj Virkhare created a scene on flight 6E 137 Indigo flight, quarrelling and hurling abuses at fellow passengers. He was first questioned by CISF and then handed over to Sonegaon police. He was later awarded magisterial custody for seven days. Chauhan told TOI it was important that the seriousness of the incident be recognized. \"The captain had to fax the airport authorities from the plane because of the disturbance caused by the passenger. He also requested presence of CISF,\" he said.Virkhare was drunk at the time of boarding the flight and started misbehaving with fellow passengers. In that state, he also damaged the plane. He broke the window panel and, according to Chauhan, even managed to cause a small crack on the window.\"When such a big harm was done to the plane that could have led to a major tragedy, airline was bound to take a step. Virkhare claimed he hailed from a good family and was an ex-navy personnel. In that case, he should have set a better example,\" Chauhan said. Virkhare has not been granted bail as of now as the investigation is still on. The next hearing has been scheduled on December 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15533049", "title": "November 2012", "text": "Home Team  Scoreline  Away team  Venue  Time (IST)    Saturday, 3rd    Man United  2-1  Arsenal  Old Trafford  1810  Fulham  2-2  Everton  Craven Cottage  2030  Norwich  1-0  Stoke  Carrow Road  2030  Sunderland  0-1  Aston Villa  Stadium of Light  2030  Swansea  1-1  Chelsea  Liberty Stadium  2030  Tottenham  0-1  Wigan  White Hart Lane  2030  West Ham  0-0  Man City  Upton Park  2300     Sunday, 4th    QPR  1-1  Reading  Loftus Road Stadium  1900  Liverpool  1-1  Newcastle  Anfield  2230     Tuesday, 6th    West Brom  2-0  Southampton  The Hawthorns  0130     Saturday, 10th    Arsenal  3-3  Fulham  Emirates Stadium  2030  Everton  2-1  Sunderland  Goodison Park  2030  Reading  0-0  Norwich  Madejski Stadium  2030  Southampton  1-1  Swansea  St. Mary's Stadium  2030  Stoke  1-0  QPR  Britannia Stadium  2030  Wigan  1-2  West Brom  The DW Stadium  2030  Aston Villa  2-3  Man United  Villa Park  2300     Sunday, 11th    Man City  2-1  Tottenham  Etihad Stadium  1900  Newcastle  0-1  West Ham  St James Park  2030  Chelsea  1-1  Liverpool  Stamford Bridge  2130     Saturday, 17th    Arsenal  5-2  Tottenham  Emirates Stadium  1815  Liverpool  3-0  Wigan  Anfield  2030  Man City  5-0  Aston Villa  Etihad Stadium  2030  Newcastle  1-2  Swansea  St James Park  2030  QPR  1-3  Southampton  Loftus Road Stadium  2030  Reading  2-1  Everton  Madejski Stadium  2030  West Brom  2-1  Chelsea  The Hawthorns  2030  Norwich  1-0  Manchester United  Carrow road  2300     Sunday, 18th    Fulham  1-3  Sunderland  Craven Cottage  2130     Tuesday, 20th    West Ham  1-1  Stoke  Upton Park  0130     Saturday, 24th    Sunderland  2-4  West Brom  Stadium of Light  1815  Everton  1-1  Norwich  Goodison Park  2030  Man United  3-1  QPR  Old Trafford  2030  Stoke  1-0  Fulham  Britannia Stadium  2030  Wigan  3-2  Reading  The DW Stadium  2030  Aston Villa  0-0  Arsenal  Villa Park  2300     Sunday,25th    Swansea  0-0  Liverpool  Liberty Stadium  1900  Southampton  2-0  Newcastle  St. Mary's Stadium  2030  Chelsea  0-0  Man City  Stamford Bridge  2130  Tottenham  3-1  West Ham  White Hart Lane  2130     Wednesday, 28th    Sunderland  0-0  QPR  Stadium of Light  0115  Aston Villa  1-0  Reading  Villa Park  0130     Thursday, 29th    Chelsea  0-0  Fulham  Stamford Bridge  0115  Everton  1-1  Arsenal  Goodison Park  0115  Stoke  2-1  Newcastle  Britannia Stadium  0115  Southampton  1-1  Norwich  St. Mary's Stadium  0115  Swansea  3-1  West Brom  Liberty Stadium  0115  Tottenham  2-1  Liverpool  White Hart Lane  0115  Man United  1-0  West Ham  Old Trafford  0130  Wigan  2-0  Man City  The DW Stadium  0130", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17410213", "title": "BEd and law varsities in the pipeline", "text": "KOLKATA: If the government's plans materialize, the state may get two new universities solely to conduct BEd and law courses from the 2013 session.\"We propose to convert David Hare Training College into a university to which the other BEd colleges will be affiliated. Similarly, Hazra Law College will be converted to a law university. This will benefit the education system,\" said a higher education department official.A brainchild of education minister Bratya Basu, the move is aimed at easing the administrative complexities that prevail at the BEd and Law colleges. The higher education department has also proposed to restructure the BEd and law courses.\"The decision will ensure smooth sailing for the two courses that are now in the doldrums due to litigation, delay in conducting exam and publishing results and allegations of anomalies during admissions,\" said a department official.Incidentally, this year, admission to BEd courses under Calcutta University was delayed due to a case lodged in high court by a student. The admission process could begin only after the judgment was passed.There are 190 colleges in the state that offer BEd training, including self-financing as well as government institutes. Ten more are in the pipeline. Nine colleges that offer law degrees are also set to expand.Calcutta University officials welcomed the move, saying it would help streamline the courses, especially BEd, the teaching-learning process of which is completely controlled by the National Council for Teachers Education (NCTE). \"It decides on academic matters like the course material and even sets the criterion for the land required to set up a BEd college. When the NCTE Act was last amended, it gave more autonomy to the organisation even in case of affiliation. If the NCTE recognises a particular BEd college, even the university cannot deny affiliation, though the act does not clearly state such a clause. So problems arise in terms of governance,\" explained a senior CU official.The NCTE was formed to develop a quality teachers' training programme and to ensure uniformity and quality in teachers' training, said another senior state university official. \"But the regulatory authorities' norms clash with the affiliating university's rules. So, implementing a uniform legislation is difficult,\" the official elaborated.In case of law courses, too, the Bar Council of India holds the prerogative. \"In case of conducting law programmes, too, the problems are similar, though lesser in number. The control over courses does not completely lie with the Bar Council of India. The ambit of NCTE is much bigger. The regional body of NCTE is in Bhubaneswar. Whenever a communication needs to be made, it has to be sent to Bhubaneswar before subsequently being sent to Delhi,\" said a higher education department official.CU vice-chancellor Suranjan Das said: \"In a country where conditions even vary from one district to another, it is impossible to implement a uniform legislation. It's more so when a centrally administered authority exists with overriding powers. The BEd colleges are affiliated to CU. But the control lies with the NCTE, which decides on the student-teacher ratio, the number of classes and several other factors. Such uniform legislation can be implemented only when they can provide the basic infrastructure. Otherwise, the decision of the central authority and the university authorities may clash.\"\"The NCTE was formed with a general guiding spirit, to introduce high-quality teaching-learning process to improve teachers' education. It was definitely a commendable idea. But to implement it, the central authority is overriding the powers of the university to which the colleges are affiliated. Herein lies the problem,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17409701", "title": "Potbellied cops issue: It is a positive move to cut flab", "text": "Police are now facing unprecedented challenges in the form of agitations and riots, but sadly the foot soldiers of the force seem to be ill-prepared for them. Policing has to be in sync with developments and the men in khaki must be a step ahead of the culprits, but our potbellied-policemen fail the basic fitness test. It is a positive move to cut flab and ensure police personnel are fighting fit. But while prescribing the fitness mantra to constables, police brass has spared the IPS officers. There should not be two yardsticks, at least in terms of fitness.Related story:  Potbellied cops told to trim down", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17407211", "title": "We've gained support &amp; strength: Ulfa hawks", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Paresh Baruah-led hardliners' faction of Ulfa on Wednesday claimed that the outfit has gained support and strength in the last one year and is ready to fight for freedom of the state afresh. The tall claim of the outfit on its \"Protest Day\" is in sharp contrast to security forces' claim the group is shrinking its strength.An email statement of Ulfa hardliner's chairman Abhizeet Asom said, \"It's very heartening that people of Assam have not lost faith in Ulfa as reflected by the streams of boys and girls volunteering to join Ulfa in the last 12 months.\"Ulfa observes Nov 28 as \"Protest Day\" as it was on that day in 1990 that the AGP government was dismissed by the Centre and President's Rule imposed in the state. Besides, Ulfa was also declared as an outlawed outfit on the same day.The email statement added, \"Despite constant efforts by security forces to prevent donors from helping Ulfa, dedicated youth from all sections have remained loyal to the cause. Ulfa acknowledges the support and will fight till Assam's freedom is not achieved\"Sources in the intelligence said, \"Ulfa is gaining strength with the help of Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA), NSCN (K), Rabha Viper Army (RVA) and splinter group of NDFB too. Several groups, led by senior Ulfa leaders like Tibrajit Hazarika, Rupanta Kakati, Arpajyoti Lahkar and Pradeep Gogoi (junior), are sheltering in Arunachal Pradesh's Tirap, Changlang and Lohit districts and Mon in Nagaland.\"City Police have beefed up security to thwart subversive activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17409903", "title": "Stage is set for sixth edition of bicycle rally", "text": "MANGALORE: Young and old alike will swear by pedal power when the sixth edition of RxLife Cycle Rally gets under way here on December 2. Battling early morning chill will be 83-year-old Ramachandra Rao, who will be among the 1,800 cyclists that the organizers expect to turn up for the event.With more than 900 registrations so far, the organizers are certain that the final number of participants will easily cross last years 1,400.The cycle rally started as a family outing on cycles on an early winter morning in 2007. It has since caught the attention of people who love to cycle and has grown in stature as an annual event. The increasing number of registrations each passing year with 240 cyclists participating in the first edition in 2007 to 1400 participants last year vouches for its popularity, says Giridhar Kamath, chief coordinator of the event.The organizers have used the pre-rally enrolment campaign to explain to the participants, most of whom are children aged above 10 years about dos and don'ts of the event. \"Parents are anxious about welfare of their wards. However, children are a more confident lot these days. This also helped avoid the last minute rush to register, a phenomenon that we have been seeing in the past few years and the confusion they create,\" he adds.The purpose of the rally is to popularize cycling as a fitness tool and green alternative for short distance commuting mode, increasing awareness about the need for sane and safe riding habits and develop interest in outdoor activity among children.Citing data provided by local RTO authorities on massive increase in number of two wheelers, Giridhar said, \"A first fall from a bike can be fatal, while a similar fall from a cycle will be a learning experience.\" The rally route this year will cover a distance of 20 km starting from Lady Hill Circle and ending at Bejai-Kapikad School.Organizers have arranged for a cycle rescue vehicle to attend to mid-rally cycle break downs. An ambulance too is on hand to deal with exigencies.\"This is not a competition or a race. Three lucky riders will take home a cycle sponsored by BSA Hercules. Local entrepreneurs have chipped in with gift vouchers,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17409053", "title": "Jagannath rituals on LCD screens soon", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha Tourism Development Corporation has hit upon a plan to screen documentaries, musical programmes and drama on the life of Lord Jagannath on giant LCDs atop four locations on Grand Road in Puri. They are also planning to beam live the annual Rath Yatra.The Rs 1-crore project is expected to liven up proceedings for devotees. OTDC has already identified the locations. \"The project, to be executed by OTDC, is in its final stage. It should be launched in a month's time,\" state tourism minister, Maheswar Mohanty, told TOI.The tourism department has asked the temple administration to keep documentaries, songs and music on the lord ready for screening. Since rituals inside the temple cannot be telecast because of restriction on cameras inside the 12th century shrine, the tourism department will beam recorded festivals outside the temple like the Rath Yatra and Chandan Yatra. Seminars and discourses on the lord would also be displayed. The department is also contemplating showing religious festivals of other temples in Odisha. \"We have also thought of using the screens to beam the Rath Yatra live,\" said Mohanty.The biggest screen (30ft X 15ft) would be set atop Emar Mutt, opposite the temple. \"Since the Mutt faces the Grand Road, people heading towards the Jagannath temple would have the best view. Visitors can watch it from a distance, too,\" said OTDC executive engineer, J K Das.The other three locations are Gundicha Temple, Balagandi and Badasankha. But these locations will have smaller screens (10 ft X 7 ft). A control room will be set up on the campus of the Jagannath Ballav Mutt to manage and monitor the audio-visual service.When asked if inclement weather could pose a threat to the screenings, Das said, \"There would be a protective shed over the screens, so rain would not affect them. However, we will keep watch, and if we fear strong winds and rain could damage them, we would immediately dismantle them.\"\"This is a good initiative to promote Jagannath culture and update tourists about temple rituals. The screens could also relay information about delays in temple rituals so that we could avoid rushing in the morning or waiting for hours outside the temple,\" suggested Hemanand Tripathy, a tourist.An audio treat was launched by the Puri administration on Grand Road on an earlier occasion. Devotional songs of the lord would be played in the morning and evening. But the project failed because of poor maintenance and lack of patronization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17408686", "title": "MIDC to fence open spaces to check encroachments", "text": "NASHIK: To avoid encroachments, the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) is planning to fence all open spaces in both Satpur and Ambad industrial areas. The Nashik Regional Office of MIDC has sent a proposal in this regard to the head office of MIDC for administrative approval.There are around 30 open plots in both Satpur and Ambad industrial areas of MIDC. MIDC reserves 10 per cent of the total plots. Of which, around five per cent are reserved to provide basic amenities to the industries and the rest of the five per cent are for plantation.Total areas of both Satpur and Ambad MIDCs are close to 1,100 hectares, out of which, around five percent or 55 hectares of land is reserved for open spaces. As these open plots have no fencing, it may lead to encroachment on the plots.\"We are planning to fence the open plots in Satpur and Ambad MIDC areas and will begin work once we get an administrative approval from our head office. The expenditure for fencing is estimated at around Rs. 60 to 70 lakh,\" a senior MIDC official told TOI.The industrial bodies like Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) and Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) had earlier sought MIDC's help to fence open spaces and had also sought its permission to plant saplings there.Speaking to TOI, Suresh Mali, president of Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA), said, \"We had recently met Shivaji Tupe, the Executive Engineer of MIDC, and had presented him with a memorandum of demands, including fencing of open spaces in Ambad and Satpur industrial areas of MIDC.\"Mali said that this step would help avoid encroachments on the open spaces. \"We have also urged MIDC to give us permission to plant trees on these open spaces as this will help reduce pollution in the industrial area,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chhapra", "code": "17408643", "title": "Jai Prakash varsity sticks to gown and hood for convocation", "text": "CHHAPRA: Governor-cum-chancellor Devanand Konwar has now asked the Jai Prakash University (JPU) officials to drop the idea of providing apron and Gandhi cap to the recipients of degree as advised earlier and to continue with the traditional system of gown and hood, during the varsity's maiden convocation, scheduled to be held on November 30.The chancellor on Tuesday while approving the programme of the convocation said, \"The change is very good, but this must be followed uniformly in all the universities of the state,\" said Nand Kumar Singh, Inspector of colleges, adding the Chancellor has also expressed his desire that he will not read any 'prepared text' during his speech, rather speak extempore.The earlier idea of cultural programme, welcome song, lighting of lamp during opening ceremony have also been dropped on the instruction of the Chancellor.Although, a helipad has been prepared for the landing of the helicopter of the Chancellor on the university premises, now the chancellor would land here through a state government plane, which will land at Chhapra air strip on Friday and from there he will drive to the university campus through road. The place of landing of plane and the venue were on Wednesday inspected by Saran DM Vinay Kumar, Sadar SDO and other officials of the district administration considering the security aspect of the Governor.JPU officials on Wednesday made a mock drill of sitting arrangements and on Thursday a rehearsal with gown is expected.Girls outnumber boysGirls have outnumbered boys in claiming gold medals during the first ever convocation scheduled to be held on November 30 at Rahul Diksha Gram located on the premises of the university. According to university sources, out of 17 postgradute subjects, girls have topped in 11 subjects in the examination held in 2011. Botany, English, history, home science, philosophy, political science, sanskrit, urdu and zoology are the subjects where girls have topped the merit list. \"Out of 7 toppers, only 12 would be awarded gold medals and rest 5 would be admitted to degrees in their absencia,\" said Prof AK Jha, convener of the convocation committee on Wednesday. Jha further said that altogether 151 students have applied for convocation in which 53 are from science, 86 from arts and 13 from commerce faculties including nine PhD awardees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "makavarapalem (visakha)", "code": "17408037", "title": "Ryots seeking relief stop lorries at Anrak plant", "text": "MAKAVARAPALEM (VISAKHA): Tension prevailed at the Anrak alumina refinery plant area here on Wednesday after police authorities arrested a group of agitating farmers for trying to prevent lorries carrying raw materials from entering the plant.The police booked former Praja Rajyam party (PRP) leader Ruttala Errapatrudu, who was leading the protesting farmers, and the protestors on charges of attempt to murder, based on a complaint filed by the owners of the lorries. According to the police, the farmers' leader threatened the drivers and the cleaners with deadly weapons.A large posse of cops was deployed in the five villages of G Venkatapuram, Rachapalli, Koduru, Kottapalem and Dharmavaram surrounding the plant from Tuesday onwards after a warning was issued by Errapatrudu.Alleging irregularities in the distribution of compensation to beneficiaries, Errapatrudu has been leading protests, including hunger strikes, over the past two years demanding that the government and the alumina plant management pay proper compensation to displaced farmers and minimum wages as per the labour laws. Errapatrudu also alleged that the Anrak management and district administration accepted the demands of others, who staged a relay of hunger strikes for three days recently, but failed to consider the genuine demands of the workers and the displaced.He has been demanding that the government give full compensation to displaced persons, give a 96 sq yards site for resettlement and also include them in the Pashukranthi scheme, which he claimed had not been done, despite written assurances from the district administration to farmers after his hunger strike.It may be recalled that a couple of years ago, two agitating farmers had died undergoing treatment at a local hospital after the cops swooped down on a in pre-dawn operation at Errapatrudu's protest camp in Makavarapalem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17407427", "title": "Draft bill for SC, ST sub-plan gets cabinet nod", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a first of its kind attempt, a special meeting of the state cabinet on Wednesday approved a draft bill that seeks the release of funds on population basis for SCs and STs. The bill was the result of protracted battle of the members of these sections cutting across party lines for the statutory status to the SC/ST sub-plan. The bill will be tabled in the assembly in the two-day session scheduled to be held from November 30.Speaking to the media after the cabinet meeting, deputy chief minister C Damodara Raja Narasimha said the bill was historic and that no state had ever contemplated such a move to allocate funds to these sections on population basis. The cabinet also discussed the possibility of having such a sub plan for backward classes as well.However, the cabinet meeting meant to clear the sub-plan for SCs and STs was not trouble-free as endowments minister C Ramachandraiah, a strong critic of chief minister, said officials were not following protocol during the chief minister's visit to Tirupati.Speaking in the meeting, he said he was not being informed of the CM's visit to the temple as per the protocol even though the TTD was under the control of his department. Finance minister Anam is said to have backed Ramachandraiah and asked the chief secretary to ensure that such incidents do not recur. Anam asked the chief secretary to take disciplinary action against the endowment officials responsible for the lapse.Ramachandraiah also raised the non-receipt of drought relief to the farmers in Kadapa district. He said the farmers of the district had not received any relief. Responding to the minister, the chief minister assured that he would look into the matter and ensure action.The cabinet also approved a proposal to set up a commissionerate for the welfare of the minorities. The cabinet also gave its seal of approval to recruit about 306 non-teaching posts in the Rajiv Gandhi university campuses in Basara, Nuziveed and RK valley in Kadapa district.Among other things, the cabinet approved the recruitment of 42 commissioners for the newly created municipalities, setting up of vigilance cells in Karimnagar, Warangal, Nalgonda, Guntur, Prakasam, Nellore and Chittoor districts to strengthen the civil supplies system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "17408476", "title": "Davids, van der Merwe clinch nail-biting Titans win", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Henry Davids' sterling 166 and the daring bowling of Roelof van der Merwe saw Titans score a nail-biting five-run victory over Knights in the South African One Day Cup Wednesday.Having elected to bat first Titans sent in Davids to open. His 149-run partnership with Heino Kuhn (72) set the pace for a total of 322 in their allotted overs.Knights bowler Dillon du Preez was especially deadly with the ball, taking four wickets for 66 runs.Knights started their innings well, but things went downhill after Werner Coetsee was run out for 67.Roelof van der Merwe wreaked havoc in the batting line-up, tumbling five wickets for 40.With seven runs needed off two balls, the third umpire had to rule on Kuhn's run out of Malusi Siboto after a risky dash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17410226", "title": "Corporation to take up road repair works", "text": "MADURAI: The city corporation has chalked out a Rs 24 crore plan to relay, repair and lay new roads on 67 stretches in various parts of the city that cry for attention. The city corporation council adopted a resolution in this regard on Wednesday.A proposal has been prepared for taking up the project and sent to the commissioner of municipal administration (CMA) in Chennai, for approval. The proposal includes metal, concrete and paver blocks roads for a stretch of 59.517 km. When the underground drainage (UGD) works under National River Conservation Plan and Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JnNURM) were carried out in the city, many stretches of the roads were excavated and damaged. Similarly, during the implementation of the second phase of Vaigai Drinking Water Scheme was implemented, the roads in some areas sustained damages due to digging for laying the pipes. The recent monsoons also took a toll on many roads inside the city limits.The councillors have been raising the issue of battered roads in the city limits during the previous council meetings and the corporation was planning to re-lay the roads. Under these circumstances, corporation mayor, V V Rajan Chellappa announced that the corporation has prepared an estimate of Rs 24.06 crore to repair, re-lay the damaged roads and laying new roads in the extended corporation areas. The proposal has been submitted to commissioner of municipal administration seeking funds under the 'Tamil Nadu Urban Development Scheme 2012' and a letter requesting funds from the corporation has also been sent along with the proposal, the mayor said.Works on the 67 stretches are divided into six segments with each segment ranging from an estimation of Rs 4.5 crore on an average while the sixth segment is estimated at Rs 2 crore. Out of these six segments, four of them are for the works relating to metal roads while rest of two segments will be paver block roads. There is also a concrete road proposed for the stretch of 352 metres in ward number 100. Chellappa said that the road works will commence once the estimate is approved by the CMA.The councillors also raised the dengue scare in the district and their doubts on the efficacy of fogging operations carried out in the city limits stating that the mosquito menace is refusing to die. The mosquitoes only seem to be increasing after the fogging operations, they said. Answering their queries, corporation commissioner, R Nandagopal said that the corporation is using pyrethrum pesticide, which is organic and safe on humans. The problem on efficacy has been observed due to the lesser dose proposed by the health department. \"We have approached them to increase the dose of the pesticide and we will carry out fogging operations again in an intensive manner,\" he told the council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407226", "title": "Hostellers join hands to pay fine in Jamia Millia Islamia", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a show of solidarity the residents of Jamia Millia Islamia's boys hostel donated Rs 9,000 to help pay the fine imposed on a dozen inmates for protesting against the hike in mess fees.The students took out a protest march against the hike of Rs 200 in the mess fee and held a hunger strike in September 27. The university administration issued showcause notices and fined a dozen students with Rs 3,000 each in October, and a few stand suspended. As some students who were supposed to pay the fine are from a weaker economic background, the others decided to help them out.The mess charges have been on a gradual rise - from Rs 1,150 in November, 2010, to Rs 1,600 in August, 2011 followed by another Rs 200 hike. In August the fee was hiked to Rs 2,000 and the students protested asking for a roll back to Rs 1,800.Slapped with the fine and not in a position to pay it, the hostellers then carried out a donation drive on November 22, 2012 and collected Rs 9,000. \"All the students protested against the hike and demanded a rollback. So it is unfair that only a few of us are victimized. Therefore, to express our solidarity and to help them as some of them can't pay Rs 3,000 we carried out the donation drive,\" said a hostel inmate on condition of anonymity.While the registrar of Jamia could not be contacted for his comments, the students are saying that had there been a students' union in place it could have raised their concerns with the authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17407433", "title": "No new engineering colleges in Andhra Pradesh from next year", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state cabinet on Wednesday decided that no new engineering college would be allowed to come up in the state and also capped the number of students that existing engineering colleges can admit each year to 420 students per college.As a result the number of engineering colleges in the state will not go up from the current figure of 717. However, for accredited colleges, the number of new admissions per college has been capped at 540 students.But the cabinet decided to give some exemptions. If any management comes forward to set up engineering colleges in the backward districts of Srikakulam, Mahbubnagar, Adilabad and Anantapur and also ensure that the required standards are maintained, a few colleges would be allowed in these districts.Wednesday's cabinet decision on the engineering colleges were taken on the basis of the recommendations made by a high-powered expert committee headed by former bureaucrat K Lakshminarayana that was appointed in 2010 to suggest modalities and remedial measures for strengthening un-aided (private) professional institutions.In all, the 717 engineering colleges in the state at present have an intake of 3,44,986, up from an intake of 82,225 students studying in 238 colleges in 2004-05. In 2010-11, approximately 30% of the engineering seats remained vacant while in the current academic year, nearly 50% seats were not filled. In addition, the increased number of engineering colleges has put enormous strain on the availability of qualified teaching manpower, thus affecting the quality of education and employability, an official note said.Therefore, the state government requested the All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) not to sanction second shift of sections in the existing engineering colleges. Also, the state government decided to recommend to AICTE imposition of ceiling on the number of seats in under-graduate engineering, MBA and MCA courses, as per the recommendations of the expert committee.Welcoming the move, Vidya Samasthala Parirakshana Samithi, a body representing engineering college managements, stated that they have been repeatedly asking AICTE to put a cap on the seat allotment in the existing engineering colleges. \"We have been asking AICTE since the past three years to not approve proposals for new colleges as the existing seats are not getting filled. Currently, 3.2 lakh engineering seats are available in 717 engineering colleges and over 40% of them have no takers. Under these circumstances, the cabinet decision is welcome,\" said K V K Rao, president of the managements' association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananathapuram", "code": "17409108", "title": "Government hopeful of clearing hurdles", "text": "THIRUVANANATHAPURAM: Various departments are engaged in a race against odds to ensure that the proposed seaplane service takes off within the February 2013 deadline set by chief minister Oommen Chandy.An inter-department meeting convened by the Kerala State Planning Board on Wednesday evaluated the progress of the project and the bottlenecks ahead.Planning board vice-chairman K M Chandrasekhar said various departments were working together to meet the deadline. Though a few attendees were skeptical about the project's timely takeoff, the meeting decided to speed up the works need to clear the remaining hurdles.\"The meeting was held to expedite clearances pending before various departments such as the NOC for landing in reservoirs. Letters have already been sent to the DGCA for inspecting the sites for waterdrome clearance. Bureau of Civil Aviation Security (BCAS) will also give their approval on the security-related aspects shortly,\" Chandrasekhar said. Though Chandrasekhar sounded optimistic, the project is most likely run into rough weather. The government had offered free landing and parking facilities to the operators registering before the year-end. The decision, apparently, failed to amuse the Airports Authority of India.\"It is not their (the government's) call. The tariff regarding landing and parking is decided by the Airport Economic Regulatory Authority, a national statutory body. And, if anything is to be waived, there needs to be a central-level intervention and it is applicable to all AAI-governed airports in India,\" an official said. Another issue the government might face would be regarding designated fishing areas in Vembanad, Ashtamudi and other water bodies - the sites selected. The government denied the existence of such areas, contrary to the view that fishing has been going on in certain areas for years.An IAS officer, who attended the meeting, pointed at the omissions. \"Pawan Hans prepared the detailed project report, but it has only skimmed the surface by mentioning, 'maritime movement in vicinity -movement of fishing boats in the area needs to be regulated/controlled'. However, no study has been carried out to evaluate the number of fishing boats in the area, and the kind of intervention needed to clear a one kilometer approach path for take-offs and landings,\" he said.Meanwhile, tourism secretary Suman Billa said the tendering process for building infrastructure has been awaiting finance department clearance. It would go online this week, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17408215", "title": "Accused sent on two-day remand in Ravindra murder case", "text": "GURGAON: Police produced all four accused in their custody in the Ravindra murder case in a city court on Wednesday and took them on two-day police remand. Six accused were involved in the killing, in which the weapon used was a sword, and two of them are still at large. Police have recovered the sword used in the murder from the possession of the main accused.Police arrested three of the accused, including a B-tech student in the Ravindra murder case late on Tuesday night, while the main accused, Parikshit Saini, was already in their custody. Ravindra was stabbed (with a sword) to death on Friday night. Parikshit Saini has a mobile shop, Saini Communication Center, on Sheetla Mata Road, and is a resident of Shiv Vihar Colony.A brawl had broken out when the victim, Ravindra, urinated in public near the venue of the function while in a drunken state. After manhandling him, Parikshit Saini, a resident of Shiv Vihar Colony in old Gurgaon, left and returned with the sword along with his friends and stabbed Ravindra to death before fleeing the spot. \"The accused were identified as Parikshit Saini, Kavindra Kataria, Manish Kataria, residents of Gurgaon village, and Nishant Sharma alias Nishu, a resident of Dayanand Colony. We have recovered the sword,\" said Surendra Pal Singh, DCP (West).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17402646", "title": "The Westin Chennai Velachery gears up for Chennai Marathon", "text": "Fitness aficionado and General Manager of soon-to-open The Westin Chennai Velachery Hotel Shrikant Wakharkar talks about his experience of bringing the first wellness-driven business hotel in Chennai and its association with the Chennai Marathon 2012!\"It is a matter of great pride for us to be associated with The Wipro Chennai Marathon 2012. This partnership is a reiteration of our commitment to preserve wellness in travel.The hotel will extend its five-star hospitality experience to the Marathon participants by providing nourishing SuperFoodsRX snack boxes to all the runners from corporate and clubs on the event day.What can be a better way to prepare and gear up for a marathon,\" he says.Adds Shrikant, \"We will also have a large turnout of our passionate associates endorsing their commitment to a healthy lifestyle by running a 10 km stretch during the Marathon.With this association we are very excited to be able to bring the Westin difference to the city.\"The Westin Chennai Velachery Hotel is described as a haven of revitalization and wellness for the new-age corporate traveller as it is strategically located at a 20 minute driving distance from Chennai Domestic and International Airport and is close to the business district like OMR, Guindy and Chennai Trade Centre.Several concepts have been worked out in this hotel to ensure that the guest leaves it feeling better than when he arrived.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17408528", "title": "BSP misused rural engineering department to bleed UP blue, states CAG report", "text": "LUCKNOW: For a party that claimed the rural masses were its biggest vote bank, Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) government in Uttar Pradesh not only crippled the state's rural health set up with the multi-crore rupee rural health mission scam but also weakened the rural infrastructure setup.During the five years the BSP government was in power, even the state's scheduled caste population, believed to be Mayawati supporters, could not reap tangible benefits as a result of systematic corruption within schemes like Dr Ambedkar Gram Vikas Yojana. An assessment by CAG into anomalies in the rural engineering department (RED), in fact, suggests the system was made entirely pliable only to suit a section of corrupt bureaucrats and political bosses and had scant regard for the welfare of the poor. The CAG report on large scale anomalies that rendered RED hollow not only through gross financial mismanagement amounting to over Rs 1,401 crore but also violated orders of the Supreme Court and Allahabad High Court in awarding contracts for construction works.In 16 out of 17 divisions in Awadh, Bundelkhand, Poorvanchal and Western UP that the CAG team assessed, technical sanctions of Rs 298.07 crore were accorded without ensuring the administrative and financial feasibility of the project. To clear the mess, the department then went on to issue administrative sanctions backdated by as many as 799 days. In an equally shocking violation of the norms, the department entered into 969 contract bonds without technical sanctions at an expense of Rs 127.04 crore. What makes the violation even more brazen is that in many cases, contract agreements were signed as many as five years before the project was actually sanctioned technically. Even when technical sanctions were granted, the inordinate delays resulted in nearly 30% work orders being delayed during 2007 and 2012, not only holding back rural infrastructure projects, but also making the quality of construction in many cases entirely questionable.This also holds true in the study of how contracts were awarded to individuals and companies. In Jhansi, a contractor was disqualified in May 2010 on technical grounds after his work was found dissatisfactory. Two contract bonds were, however, executed with the same contractor in September 2010 and January 2011. Similarly, in Azamgarh, the bidding process for works of CC roads was cancelled during 2009-11, after the tendering process was seen to be rigged. The CAG team, however, observed that shortcomings in the bidding process continued unabated, even in the following years. In Aligarh and Lalitpur, for instance, project implementation units negotiated with contractors to fix rates. Though orders by the Chief Vigilance Commissioner clearly prohibits post tender negotiations as it could lead to corruption, PIUs agreed on difference rates for construction and maintenance works during 2007 and 2012. The CAG audit also shows that superintendent engineers in Kanpur and Moradabad and executive engineers in Allahabad and Bijnore executed contract bonds worth nearly Rs 12 crore on fake security deposits. In Allahabad, the fake security deposits were made by Virat Enterprises, while in Kanpur Dynamic Builders, Aman Traders and Haripratap and Sons were direct beneficiaries. In Barabanki and Bijnore, Adishakti Enterprises and Shahzad Ansari turned in fake security deposits, while in Moradabad, SB Enterprises turned in fake documents to win contracts. As a result, the audit report observed, in seven cases, against the terms and conditions of bid documents, superintendent engineer (SE) at Kanpur accepted fake post office pass books in the form of security deposits to award work. Similarly, the SE in Kanpur sanctioned mobilisation and machinery advances against fake fixed deposit receipts and bank guarantees to two contractors.Proving RED was a law unto itself, the department had no manual and presented no administrative report before the state legislature. In fact, when questioned by the CAG team, RED director said no separate internal audit team was established in RED; instead audits were done by internal staff.A scrutiny of records of executive engineer RED, Hardoi revealed that an initial work plan of Rs 198 crore was sanctioned in 2011-12 to saturate 489 majaras in 84 Dr Ambedkar Villages. The work plan was then revised to Rs 175 crore but without waiting to ensure availability of funds, the EE and superintendent engineer signed contract bonds with contractors. Scrutiny also suggests the frequent change in orders and premature award of work resulted in 193 habitations remained disconnected. Though schedule caste and schedule tribe habitations were to be connected in descending order, 75 remained disconnected even though their population was higher. In fact, even those habitations where the SC/ST population was zero were connected by rural roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17408192", "title": "Govt affidavit pitches for mining near Sariska park", "text": "JAIPUR: After categorically denying that there was mining near Sariska Tiger Reserve and claiming that nearly 40 mining leases were given 20-60 km away from the tiger reserve, the mining department has filed an affidavit before the Supreme Court- appointed panel requesting that the 'no-mining zone' shall be reduced to 100 metres from the current 1 km boundary of the reserve.If the apex court refuses to accept state government's contention, at least 123 mines will be closed down in the area.According to the affidavit filed on behalf of the state government before the Central Empowered Committee on safety zones (Eco-Sensitive Zones) around national parks and wildlife sanctuaries, Rajasthan is aggrieved by the eco-sensitive zone delineation.\"As of now, there is no mining activity within the precincts of Sariska Tiger Reserve (STR). However, mining is continuing outside the STR with respect to nearly 123 mines in 229.34 hectares. It is only in selected areas where mining is continuing. The state government is seeking modification of the uniform one km eco-sensitive zone to 100 metres,\" reads the affidavit.In fact, the areas specified falls within the one km area of the STR. It extends from the eastern boundary of Berwa Doongri protected forests to western boundary of Baldeogarh protected forests up to Baldeogarh village. The other areas that the state government seeks exemption for are Jaisinghpura, Tilwad Main, Kalwad, Dabkan, Tehla, Nandu, Khariyawas, Chhoti Cheend, Mallana and the reserve forests of Dabkan.Earlier reports too had suggested that the leases granted by the state government in 2010 had gone to a few Haryana-based companies at villages such as Jaisinghpura, Malana, Govardhanpura, Palpura and Jamwaramgarh in the vicinity of Sariska tiger sanctuary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17408908", "title": "16 more neonatal care units to be set up", "text": "CHENNAI: Sixteen newborn stabilization units will be set up in the emergency obstetric care centres managed by the Corporation of Chennai over the next few months. The units will be equipped with central oxygen supply, incubators and trained staff to handle health complication faced by newborns. This along with other announcement made for the health department will be discussed at the council meeting on Thursday.The clinics will provide admission and delivery for free of cost. It would be established up in obstetric care centres in Sanjeevarayanpet, Pulianthope, Ayanavaram, Vadapalani and Saidapet in the first phase. It would then be followed by Dr Radhakrishnan Nagar, Shenoy Nagar, Mir Sahibpet, Perumalpet and Santhome. The last phase would include the six care centres in the newly-included zones of the corporation.The initiative was announced after the corporation recorded 82,000 deliveries in the last one year within the corporation limits of which 22% were born in corporation-run hospitals. \"That is 18,000 deliveries in corporation hospitals, of which 6,000 were cesarean deliveries. Many of the children born in c-section deliveries need neonatal care,\" stated the council resolution.The resolution stated that many pre-term babies born between 35-37 weeks suffer from underweight, respiratory diseases, infections, typhoid and nutrient deficiencies. \"If such babies are given special care in the first 28 days, child mortality can be brought down to a large extent,\" stated the resolution. It would also provide employment to 64 nurses and 32 staff members. \"Each center would be allotted four nurses and two ayahs each, along with doctors,\" stated the resolution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17408957", "title": "25 years on, children's magazine going strong", "text": "CHENNAI: When the Tamil Nadu Science Forum (TNSF) published a science magazine for children, particularly for those in the rural areas in 1987, it raised many eyebrows. Pure science magazines were not very popular those days.The magazine had tough times, but years of hard work by scientists and professors helped \"Thulir\" overcome its difficulties.A couple of days ago, \"Thulir\" celebrated its silver jubilee with 32,000 copies in print across the state. The strict and uncompromising stand taken by the editorial board, according to C Ramalingam, publisher, is the main reason why the magazine is still popular among students and teachers. \"We don't have any advertisements. We don't even sell the magazine though stalls. We have a strict editorial team to oversee the content and simplify science. Simplicity is our hallmark,\" said Ramalingam.So far, the magazine has had only two chief editors. S Srinivasan was the first while R Ramanujam of the Institute of Mathematical Sciences has been chief editor since 1992. The magazine has a team of editors comprising retired professors and scientists associated with the magazine. \"We have a very strong editorial team. We know that if we introduce science in a simple way, students will accept it. So we have a mix of subjects including botany, zoology, biology, environment etc. We publish the articles only after thorough checks,\" said S Mohana, one of the editors.Even though the main focus of the magazine is on science, the way the articles brings makes it different from other magazines. \"We have small articles along with bigger ones. The magazine publishes articles on current topics, including eureka. Even children can write. There is a separate section for them. Our idea is to develop creativity though science,\" said Mohana, who is also vice president of TNSF.Even though \"Thulir\" is mainly aimed at students of Class 6 and above, many teachers are regular readers. \"When we started publishing the magazine in 1987, we printed only 2,000 copies. Now we print more than 30,000 copies. It's a magazine for teachers as well as students. Our main readers are not only high school students but also teachers. \"Thulir\" is a widely read magazine among teachers and students today,\" said Ramalingam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17408500", "title": "Lucknow records coldest November day in 15 years", "text": "LUCKNOW: The city recorded the coldest October in past one decade this year. A similar trend continues in November. The minimum temperature dropped to 7.1 degrees Celsius, four degrees below normal, on Wednesday. Besides recording the lowest temperature this winter, the day was also the coldest in November in last 15 years. Najibabad in the state recorded 5.2 degrees Celsius, the lowest minimum temperature in the plains during last 24 hours. The weather office said similar conditions will continue in the city and the state in the coming days.The winter has arrived early this year. In fact, the minimum temperature of 7.1 degrees Celsius recorded in the city on Wednesday was lower than the normal 7.4 degrees Celsius temperature set for December. On November 23, the minimum temperature in the city had dropped to 7.4 degrees Celsius. Lucknow's minimum temperature has been 1-4 degrees below normal in October and November this year. The drop in the mercury is mainly due to snowfall and rainfall in the hill regions on account of the western disturbance over Jammu and Kashmir. The winds coming from the snow-fed areas are bringing chill to the plains, leading to drop in both maximum and minimum temperatures in the city and state.State Met director JP Gupta said the hill region of the north has been lashed by a steady stream of western disturbances this year, leading to early snowfall. As a result, he added, the northwesterly winds coming from the hills have brought the chill to the plains. Temperatures comparatively remain high during snowfall, he said. However, he added, the chill increases when snowfall ceases and the western disturbance fizzles out. He said the cold weather in the state at present is because of the chill left behind by the previous western disturbance. \"Now, another western disturbance has reached Jammu &amp; Kashmir. For next two days, the minimum temperature will rise by a couple of degrees but decline again after snowfall is over,\" Met director said.There is also a possibility of light rain/thundershower at one or two places in west UP on Thursday. During last 24 hours, while day temperatures were between 24-28 degrees Celsius, night temperatures were between 5-12 degrees Celsius. According to weather office, minimum temperature in Kanpur was 7.5 degrees Celsius, four degrees below normal, Allahabad recorded 10 degrees Celsius and Varanasi -- 10.1 degrees Celsius. After Najibabad, the coldest district in the state was Muzaffarnagar with minimum temperature 6.1 degrees Celsius followed by Rae Bareli with 6.8 degrees Celsius. Minimum temperature in Agra was 7.6 degrees Celsius and Fatehgarh 7.8 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17408402", "title": "Now, bouncers deployed at Bandhwari waste plant to prevent violence", "text": "GURGAON: While bouncers are a common sight at several pubs in Gurgaon, it is rather surprising to see them at the solid waste management plant in Bandhwari. Bouncers have been deployed even as the plant owner informed Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) that the plant could witness violence of the kind that happened at the Maruti plant in Manesar in July.According to sources, the need to deploy bouncers arose after a series of fights took place between the plant operator and the drivers of the vehicles that carry the garbage from Gurgaon and Faridabad to this plant. According to the plant operator, garbage suppliers dump loose soil and plastic bags which cannot be recycled, leading to arguments.\"The sanitation agencies get their payment according to the amount (weight) of garbage that is brought to our plant by the respective municipal corporation. We have clearly instructed the agencies that they should send only garbage which can be recycled and can be useful in producing tiles and other products. However, some of these rogue drivers tenaciously fill the garbage trucks with material like loose soil just to increase the weight of the garbage. These things are not only redundant but also damage the sophisticated machinery,\" said a plant official.\"We have repeatedly asked these drivers not to undertake such malpractice, but they do it deliberately to make more money. Loose soil is available in abundance all across the city and all they have to do is load it onto their truck. When we denied such vehicles entry into our plant, the drivers resorted to violence and we had no other option but to deploy bouncers to keep these trouble-makers at bay. We have also written to the MCG cautioning them that an incident similar to the one at the Maruti factory in Manesar can take place here at any point of time,\" he added.The nearby tea stall owners too claim that fights have become a norm here. \"There is lack of discipline among the truck drivers and fierce arguments have become a daily occurrence. The drivers get violent if they are denied entry into the plant. Something needs to be done urgently before things get out of hand,\" said one owner.On their part, the truck drivers claim that they are made to wait endlessly outside the plant for no fault of theirs. \"Most of the time there is no electricity and therefore the plant is not functioning. We are unnecessarily made to wait outside the plant endlessly and waste our time. We can earn more if we make more trips, but we are unable to do so. The municipal corporation authorities should look into this matter and resolve this issue,\" said a truck driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17410017", "title": "Forum campaigns for reservation for women", "text": "MYSORE: As part of its campaign seeking more reservation for women in gram panchayats, Mahilodaya Mahila Okkoota has collected signatures from 35,000 people.\"At present, there is 33 per cent reservation for women in local bodies. The government should review and increase reservation up to 50 per cent,\" Okkoota convener Sunitha said on Wednesday. The Okkoota also want the gram panchayat members to announce details of their property soon after the elections.There are 40,000 members under the federation from 18 taluks of 495 villages. The Okkoota has collected 35,000 signatures from Mysore, Mandya, Kodagu and Chamarajanagar districts. They will submit the same to the respective district administrations and also to the rural development and panchayat raj minister and the chief minister.The government has invited opinions to bring amendment to the Karnataka Panchayat Raj Act-1993 and plans have been made to drop election process for GPs and introduce direct appointment of GP members through panchayat development officers.Disapproving the government's take on elections, Betwalli (Virajpet) GP president Anita said the government must drop the plan and member of the gram panchayat has to be elected president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17408451", "title": "Feeling at home in a foreign land", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A group of Polish students found themselves simultaneously surprised and impressed by the traditions of the Sikhs. The Punjabi way of dressing was a novelty to the foreign students.\"Back in Poland, people dress very differently. The 'salwar kameez' with 'duppattas,' saris and especially turbans were totally new to us,\" he said.As far as team leader Banas Jadwiga is concerned, the fact that their visit coincided with a festival was providential. \"We were told that it is a day of festivity. So we decided to visit the gurdwara and tried to understand the Sikh tradition. We had 'langar' with people and also served them. A lady at the gurdwara helped us,\" she said. According to Banas, they came to make people in the tricity aware of Polish culture but the journey gave them much to learn from India.Nearly 24 participants between 9 and 62 years of age, including teachers are in the city to strengthen bilateral ties between Indian and Poland by promoting Polish folk culture. The children's folk group, \"Cepelia-Poznan,\" includes artists from kindergarten, primary and secondary schools from Poznan and neighbouring towns. Their entertaining performances most often have a social message to them. The group will also visit the Golden Temple in Amritsar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17407968", "title": "Narmada-Kshipra link project inauguration today", "text": "UJJAIN: Narmada-Kshipra link project is to be inaugurated in Ujjain on Thursday. Party senior leader and former deputy prime minister Lal Krishna Advani would be the chief guest of the function.Party general secretary Anant kumar, CM Chouhan and others are expected to arrive here at 1 pm. They would symbolically pour Narmada water into Kshipra at Ramghat, and later perform puja of Mahakaleshwar with Narmada water. At 2 pm, a massive public meeting has been planned at Nanakhera stadium. Over a lakh people from Ujjain and Indore division are expected to be present.In-charge minister Kailash Vijayvargiya said that the river linking is the biggest gift to the people of Malwa. The river linking project which was lying in limbo for over 25 years on the ground of non-feasibility was undertaken due to the special efforts of Shivraj Singh Chouhan-led government. The project, when completed, would be a boon for Malwa belt, he added.The party is, meanwhile, also trying to cash in on the religious sentiments of the people as hoardings have been put in the entire city flashing incarnation of 'Maa Narmada into Mokshdayani Kshipra'. A kalash yatra would be taken out from Tower Chowk to the Nanakhera stadium and over 10,000 women would participate in it. The party is distributing sarees to woo women to join the yatra.Superintendent of Police Rakesh Gupta told TOI that over 1,000 cops have been deployed for the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17406711", "title": "Rights activist gunned down in West Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: Less than three weeks before the trial in Bengal's worst hooch tragedy was to start, a key witness was gunned down on Wednesday on a bustling road in Mograhat near Diamond Harbour, about 50km from Kolkata, a few steps from the local police station.The victim, 32-year-old Abdul Aleem Sk, had dared to take on gangster Selim Laskar, who was once the mentor of hooch don Khora Badshah, say sources. Badshah is the main accused in the hooch tragedy that took 172 lives in December last year. The trial is to start in an Alipore court on December 18. The trial was initially supposed to be held in Diamond Harbour court but the fear of intimidation of the 228 witnesses prompted CID to shift it to an Alipore court.Aleem was a rights activist and had recently joined the Congress. Seven months before the hooch deaths, he had led locals in demolishing Badshah's hooch dens in Mograhat. He was also instrumental in the reopening of an unnatural death case of a rickshawpuller. The CID has taken over this case, since Selim is suspected to be behind the \"murder\".Selim has always kept pace with changing political equations. He was suspected to be involved in CPM's Operation Sunshine \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the armed recapture of Nandigram \u00e2\u20ac\u201d after being arrested from a guesthouse in Mahisadal in November 2007. He was chargesheeted for possession of illegal firearms.There is a chilling history of witnesses turning hostile or going silent in cases against Selim, say sources. After Aleem lodged an FIR against Selim and his henchman Mujibur, a counter-FIR was registered by Mujibur two days later. While Aleem's FIR was lodged under bailable sections, the FIR against him had non-bailable charges.Aleem was granted bail by court on Tuesday on the condition that he would meet the investigating officer at Mograhat police station at regular intervals. A day later, he was murdered after his first visit to the police station.\"Aleem had gone there with three of his friends. I, too, met him outside the police station. We were talking when Aleem said he needed to go to his office at Gazipara crossing, barely five minutes away,\" said a witness. The friends split up. \"He was alone when he was shot twice in the head. The street was bustling with people and almost everyone saw the killers. Police reached there within minutes,\" he added.ASP-rural, South 24-Parganas, Kankar Prasad Barui said, \"We are hopeful of a breakthrough soon. There are no arrests yet.\"\"Aleem was murdered by Trinamool Congress-backed criminals,\" district Congress leader Sujit Patowari alleged. Local Trinamool MLA and minister of state for minority affairs Giyasuddin Mollah rejected the allegation, saying: \"How can Trinamool be linked to this?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17409885", "title": "Medical Council of India issues show cause notice to medical college", "text": "RAIPUR: The Medical Council of India (MCI) has served a show cause notice to the Pt Jawahar Lal Nehru Memorial Medical College, Raipur seeking more details, relating to the merit list, on the recent admission fiasco whereby 151 students were admitted against the sanctioned 150 seats.The notice, experts claim, is bad news for the extra student, as the MCI appears not convinced with the documents and the contention of the Medical College for seeking an additional seat for the year to accommodate the 151th student. The medical college had attributed the fiasco to \"human error\", as online admissions were conducted for the first time in the college. According to sources, the MCI usually gives such permission only when there are court orders and it highly unlikely that they would accede the college's request. Experts say that discretionary decisions pertaining to admissions are no longer in MCI's domain as a recent judgment of the apex court clearly disallows any increase in the number of medical seats after July 15.A division bench of the Supreme Court clearly stated that \"the commencement of new courses or increase in seats of existing courses of MBBS/BDS are to be approved/recognised by the government of India by 15th July of each calendar year for the relevant academic sessions of that year\". Officials of Medical College admitted having received the show cause notice and claimed that \"answers were being prepared\" and will be sent to the MCI tomorrow. \"As desired by the MCI, we are sending the list of students who were in merit in Chhattisgarh quota and the name of the student, with his marks who was last in the merit list,\" they said.Dean of Medical College, Dr AK Sharma, felt that the MCI should think for the student on humanitarian grounds, as three months of the term had already passed.Officials said that in case the MCI decides against the college's request, the affected student is bound to take his case to the courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17407775", "title": "Busy January for schools as backlog piles up", "text": "NAGPUR: The advent of new year is bound to bring more headaches for school teachers due to academic backlog. With November and December filled with holidays and annual social gathering events, teachers have been finding it tough to complete the syllabus as per schedule. Schools are expected to get into the overdrive mode for course completion after they open post-Christmas vacation.Anurag Pandey, principal of Suyash Convent, said, \"the pressure will certainly be there on all to complete the course. We have made some plans to counter the shortage of time and will be executing it in January. Extra classes cannot be ruled out along with working on some Saturdays and holidays.\"TOI had reported earlier how the delayed Diwali vacations have caused a major problem to the school's academic calendar. There are total 61 days in both these months, of which nine are Sundays. About 20 days of vacations for Diwali and Christmas and a couple of public holidays ensure that schools hardly get a chance to get into a proper momentum. Also, there are nine Saturdays in these months and most schools are closed on some of these days as well. While Kendriya Vidyalayas (KV) are closed on second Saturdays, some private schools remain closed on the last one each month.While January is the dreaded month, some schools are trying to cover as much ground as possible this month itself so that burden is reduced. Sumathi Venugopalan, principal of Centre Point School (Wardhaman Nagar), said, \"months of January and February are always academically focused as all other programmes have been completed by then. For us, the pressure is mostly in December, to somehow complete the allocated portion in a month filled with holidays and annual functions. We have prepared our lesson plans in advance knowing that the delayed Diwali vacations will cause a problem.\"With Diwali and Christmas vacations close to each, other distraction is an issue. A CBSE school teacher, said, \"after kids come back from Diwali they, continue to be in vacation mode for a week. Then we start rehearsals and preparations for annual gathering in which both teachers and students are involved. Teachers are under pressure to put up a good show in the functions hence we too are distracted. Before we know, the Christmas vacations will be upon us, and hence January is going to be an uphill task.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17407624", "title": "Suspicious land deals under lens after Namdhari's involvement in shootout", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as Delhi Police assesses former Uttarakhand minority commission chief Sukhdev Singh Namdhari's role in the shootout that left Ponty Chadha and his brother Hardeep dead, the Punjab police have begun their own investigation into his 'fishy' land deals for the Chadha family.Sources in Punjab police claimed Namdhari could have been the frontman for most of Ponty's businesses in Punjab by producing fake domicile documents to acquire land in Batala, Ludhiana and Gurdaspur. The state police's intelligence wing will probe the deals. While ADGP (Intelligence) Hardeep Dhillon admitted a probe was on, he refused to divulge details of the Chadha-owned properties.Punjab police sources said Namdhari, handpicked by Ponty to manage his upcoming sugar units in Ethiopia, visited Dasuya and Gurdaspur frequently. The family has AB Sugars Mill in Dasuya and AB Grain Mill in Gurdaspur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17407514", "title": "The Oscars are disgusting: Paul Cox", "text": "PANAJI: Probably one of the few directors to go on record to say that he has nothing against plagiarism or even piracy, guest of honour at 2012's closing ceremony, director Paul Cox, has a long connection with India.\"I am fine with plagiarism. The idea of copyright has made suing people a business, with lawyers gaining the most out of it. I was pleased to find out that my films had been turned in to Russian,\" he said. Cox has been known to share his happiness over the fact that a print of his film 'The nun and the bandit' was stolen in India before its screening and reproduced in the black market. \"Nobody wanted to exhibit that film. I was thankful that the thieves made copies and gave my film a larger audience,\" he said.Cox, a survivor of cancer believes that his brush with death was the best thing that happened to him. \"Cancer changed my perception of life,\" he said adding, \"I met my wife (also a liver cancer survivor) six months after my liver transplant in the cancer ward\". His life changing experience led to a burst of creative work that took form in a book titled 'Tales from the cancer ward', a documentary titled \"The Dinner Party\" and a film he is currently working on about a liver transplant patient. \"Like all stories, it's a love story,\" he said of the film.The 72-year-old Australian director's films explore the beauty of human nature and life on a relatively low budget. He believes it is \"important for the benefit of cinema that most filmmakers remain independent .\"Giving a \"realistic\" image of cinema today, he said \"Is it necessary to make cinema that caters to our lower instincts? Most movies nowadays are twisting everything. In the process of pleasing the audience cinema is continuously moving towards mediocrity.\"The award winning director is not a big fan of awards either. \"The academy awards are a manipulation and are disgusting. The Indian film industry is much bigger that Hollywood with an even bigger potential. Why the obsession with it then. Leave Hollywood, you are much better off without it,\" he said.The director is looking forward to watching more Indian films as a jury member at the Kerala film festival. \"I look for beauty, kindness and humanity in a film,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17408484", "title": "Lucknow revels on Nanak jayanti, Kartik Purnima", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 544th birth anniversary of Guru Nanak Dev , the first Sikh guru, was celebrated with gaiety and fervour along with the occasion of Kartik Purnima, in the city on Wednesday. Gurdwaras in the city were decorated with coloured lights to add to the festivities.Generally, Nanak Jayanti festivities continue for three days. \"The first two days are dedicated to 'akhand paath' or continuous reading of Guru Granth Sahib, the religious book of Sikhs. The third day starts with the conclusion of the path, followed by ''asa di vaar kirtan'' in which kirtan mandalis sing in praise of the gurus and urge them to bless all the people,\" said Jaspreet Singh, a devotee.Devotees who visited the gurdwaras, irrespective of caste and religion, sat together and shared the meal with the traditional 'karha prasad'. A 'langar' or community lunch was also arranged in the gurdwaras which was served by local volunteers. People from all walks of life and from all faiths together ate at the community feast.At Hari Om Mandir, Lalbagh, more than 10,000 devotees of Sindhi and other communities participated in the week long programme which started from November 21. On Sunday, Kanika Gurnani, Anup Keswani and TV artiste Padma Gidwani presented traditional songs. A religious competition for children was also held.Similarly, Aashiana Gurudwara Prabandhak Committee and Guru Gobind Singh Study circle organised a free medical checkup and blood donation camp on the occasion of Guru Nanak Jayanti.Kopal Singh, a housewife, said, \"Guru Nanak Devji was born in 1469 at Rai-Bhoi-di Talwandi, a part of Shekhupura in Pakistan (now known as Nanakana Sahib). The birthday of Guru Nanak Sahib is celebrated on Kartik Purnima.\" Many devotees took 'Kartik Snan' dip in the river on Wednesday morning and offered traditional aartis and prayers at Gomti river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17408639", "title": "Only 1,400 landlords have shared information on tenants in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Appeals by the police commissionerate to landlords in the city, to provide information about tenants has met with a cold response. Less than 1,400 landlords have complied with the request.According to police officials, the response is negligent for a city with a population of over 15 lakh with just over a 1,000 property owners intimating the police about their tenants as a security measure.The city police were caught napping when the Anti-Terrorism Squad from Mumbai nabbed terrorist Lalbaba Farid, alias Bilal in September 7, 2010, who was residing secretly in Jijamata Nagar of Satpur. Bilal was allegedly carrying out surveillance of important locations of the city including the Maharashtra Police Academy, police commissionerate, for a possible terror attack.Given the threat to security, it is necessary that property owners provide them information about their tenants. In addition, other criminals involved in crimes involving property offences could be taking shelter. Recently, it was found that Raja Raut, a criminal, involved in as many as 14 cases of house break-ins and other property offences, was residing in a rented room in Panchavati area.Officials at the police stations said the response from the property owners is only after they are sent a notice.As per the information from police stations all across the city, this year as many 151 people have informed about their tenants, 275 at Gangapur Police Station, 82 at Bhadrakali, 39 at Deolali Camp, 170 at Indiranagar, 120 at Panchavati, 60 at Sarkarwada, 125 at Satpur, 70 at Upnagar, 225 at Adgaon and 80 at the Nashik Road police Station.After the serial bomb blasts in Pune in August, senior police officials of the city including DCP Sahebrao Patil, ACP Ganesh Shinde and others had warned of a severe action under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code. Corporators from across the city were also sensitised on the steps to be taken for precautionary measures.Shinde said that people are reluctant to approach the police to inform about the tenants because, informing about the tenants also means informing the civic administration, which results in increased property taxes. It has becomes difficult as the police have to collect all the evidence before taking such an action, which is time consuming.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17408160", "title": "Resistance sprouts against Bt maize", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as Punjab government is showing keenness to introduce Bt maize in the state by giving go-ahead to Monsanto to set up a research and development centre for the crop, the decision has ruffled feathers of environmentalists who are grouping for an agitation against it.While farmer groups are divided on the issue of introduction of Bt maize, Kheti Virasat Mission, an environment organization that led the front for banning of Bt brinjal, is up in arms against the government and planning to hit the streets in protest. \"No state in the country has given a go-ahead to Bt maize as its detrimental impact on health, if it enters food chain, is well documented. The state governments logic that a private company will help the government work towards food safety and security is flawed as corporate firms are interested only in profits,\" said Umendera Dutt, heading Kheti Virasat Mission.On Monday, Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal had asked the US-based Monsanto hybrid seed company to establish its research Centre to undertake extensive R&D; for the production of high yielding hybrid seeds of the Maize in the state. The CM also directed the Vice Chancellor (VC) Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) to provide technical data and logistic support to enable them to produce quality hybrid seeds best suited to the climatic conditions of the state.While Bt cotton has been embraced by farmers in Punjab, there had been widespread agitation against Bt brinjal with concerns mounting as the genetically modified vegetable was set to enter the food chain, unlike Bt cotton. Neighboring Haryana, barely two months ago, had seen strong opposition from farmers' unions and green activists to the ongoing field trials of genetically modified Bt maize and had demanded immediate suspension of such trials, threatening to destroy all such crops.Farmers in Punjab are clearly divided on the issue. President of Bhartiya Kisan Union, Balbir Singh Rajewal said, \" It is for the scientific community in the country to give a go ahead to Bt maize. But if a go-ahead is given, the farmers would go for Bt maize as it would be economically viable than the present seeds.\"The state government, on its part, is maintaining that the crop is being allowed without flouting any norms. A senior official in the agriculture department said, \"The environment ministry's Genetic Engineering Approval Committee gave the green light to field trials of Bt corn developed by Monsanto on December 24, 2010 in five locations for rabi 2011 in the states of Bihar, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh.\"It also gave the go ahead to the multinational seed company to conduct trials in nine locations in kharif 2011 in Bihar, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17408062", "title": "Researcher stumbles on anti-cancer molecule in marine sediment", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17407519", "title": "Fire mishap: HC seeks report", "text": "HYDERABAD: AP Lokayukta justice B Subhashan Reddy on Wednesday issued notices to Ranga Reddy district collector, GHMC commissioner and the DGs of disaster management and fire services to file their reports by November 30 on the steps taken following the tragic fire accident that claimed seven innocent lives at Secretariat Colony in Puppalguda near Gachibowli on November 26. The negligence of the TV serial unit due to whose shooting episode this tragedy occurred is very much evident, the judge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17410178", "title": "Poor facilities make living difficult in Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University hostels", "text": "AURANGABAD: Lack of drinking water and no functional mess since Diwali are some of the problems that students in Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University (BAMU) hostel are facing.There are three hostels for boys and another three for girls in the university premises.Students from the boys' hostel said that water coolers in only one of the hostels are functional. They also said that the mess of hostel number 2 has not been operating since Diwali festival. \"The contractor of the mess has shifted to hostel number 1; hence the mess in our hostel is closed. We have to depend on tiffin services or hotels for meals,\" said a student.Another resident said, \"As there are no water coolers in most hostels, students use the water cooler in our hostel, due to which there is always a shortage of water. Moreover, the hostel is overcrowded.\"\"Many a times the toilets and corridors are not cleaned properly,\" said another resident. Similar kinds of complaints were received from the girls' hostel. \"Number of students residing here is more than the capacity,\" said a girl.Another girl residing said that there are no lights in bathrooms and there is water scarcity during the evenings as all the stored water is used up during the day. \"We also need a reading hall for studying,\" she said.The vice-chancellor, Vijay Pandharipande, when contacted said that he has directed all the officials concerned to ensure that all the hostels on the university campus are provided necessary facilities, including potable drinking water. He said that he has also directed them to see that the mess contractors are appointed and that they work efficiently.The board of colleges and university development (BCUD) director, M S Shingare, said, \"Separate funds are allotted for repairs, facilities and expansion of hostel infrastructure every year. On many occasions, funds from the VC's account are released to meet the needs of the hostels.\"Shingare said that students should approach the administration about their needs. \"They will be attended to the best,\" he assured. Pandharipande added that students should also use the facilities provided by the university responsibly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17409821", "title": "Farmers' party to field candidates in all constituencies", "text": "DHARWAD: The Praja Pragati Ranga (PPR) party floated by farmers in the state has decided to field candidates in all the 224 constituencies in the ensuing assembly elections.Farmers' leader Kodihalli Chandrashekar said on Tuesday that farmers had no option, but to launch a political party as all the major parties like Congress, JD(S) and BJP failed to solve their problems.The PPR will involve members from Dalit Sangharsh Samiti, Karnataka Rakshana Vedike, Lok Jan Shakti, BSP, Karnataka Rajya Raitha Sangha and Hasiru Sene among others. \"PPR is holding talks with several farmers' organizations to decide on the candidature. A decision on preparing the election manifesto and choosing candidates will be taken at a meeting to be held on December 5,\" he said.A committee will be formed to scrutinize the list of candidates. At present, there are no plans to join hands with any regional parties, he said and added that he has been invited to join KJP and BSR Congress, but will take a decision after December 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17408913", "title": "'Oxford dictionary's former editor secretly deleted Indian words'", "text": "LONDON: An eminent former editor of the Oxford English Dictionary attempted to rewrite it by deleting thousands of words with foreign roots, including those of Indian-origin, a new book claims.Robert Burchfield deleted words like 'balisaur', a badger-like animal from India, 'Danchi', a Bengali plant and 'boviander', the name in British Guyana for a person of mixed race living on the river banks. The Oxford English Dictionary (OED) is now re-examining words removed by Burchfield who edited the world respected dictionary during the 70s and 80s and who died in 2004 aged 81, the 'Daily Mail' reported. Burchfield, who bizarrely blamed previous editors for it, has long been considered the editor who opened up the English dictionary to the wider world.Sarah Ogilvie, also a former OED editor, in her new book 'Words of the World' reveals how Burchfield started a rumour that his earlier editors were inward-looking anglocentrics, when in fact the opposite was true.After investigating Burchfield's rumours she discovered they were unfounded and that he was actually responsible for the deletion of words such as 'shape', meaning a Tibetan councillor and 'wake-up', a golden-winged woodpecker. \"I was the editor of the OED responsible for words from outside Europe and while editing these words I noticed a pattern that went against the general consensus: there were thousands of foreign words and words from varieties of English around the world in the dictionary and they had been put there by editor James Murray and his fellow editors,\" she said.\"The irony of the whole story is that although in the beginning the dictionary editors were criticized for putting too many 'outlandish' words in the dictionary that were 'decaying' our language, one hundred years later they were criticised for the opposite: for too many British words in the dictionary and not enough foreign words! But it turns out that this was a myth perpetuated by a 20th-century Chief Editor of the OED,\" said Ogilvie. She compared Burchfield's four OED dictionaries published between 1972 and 1986 to a 1933 edition and found that he had erased 17% of the 'loanwords'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17407472", "title": "V Hanumantha Rao slams cabinet move to shield Dharmana in Vanpic case", "text": "HYDERABAD: Joining the chorus with health minister D L Ravindra Reddy, Rajya Sabha member V Hanumantha Rao on Wednesday urged governor ESL Narasimhan to reject the cabinet recommendation that refused to grant permission to the CBI to prosecute roads and buildings minister Dharmana Prasada Rao, an accused in the Vanpic land allotment case.Speaking to the media at his residence, Hanumatha Rao advised chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy not to forward the cabinet resolution to the governor as it would not be in the interests of the Congress. He felt that government should change its stand on according permission to the CBI to prosecute the minister. \"Interfering in the matters of CBI which has been conducting investigation as under court orders will lower the image of the party in the eyes of the public,\" Rao said.Recalling Congress president Sonia Gandhi's statement in Mangalore last month that the party was firm on eradicating corruption, the MP said rejecting the CBI request was tantamount to violating the party line. \"When Union minister A Raja and DMK MP Kanimozhi were arrested in the 2G spectrum scam, the UPA government did not interfere in the matter in order to shield them even though they belonged to an ally. Similarly, the Congress did not interfere when senior leader Suresh Kalamadi was arrested in the Commonwealth Games scam. So, where is the need to stop the CBI from investigating into Dharmana's role in Vanpic\" Rao said.He found fault with the government in treating Dharmana and Mopideve Venkataramana with different yardsticks. Mopidevi is accused number 4 in the Vanpic case and is behind bars while Dharmana, accused number 5 in the same case, has not been touched.\"Why doesn't the government apply the Dharmana standards to Mopidevi, who is also a backward caste minister,\" he asked. Suspecting a deeper conspiracy, Hanumantha Rao said Dharmana was being protected at the behest of a powerful adviser of late chief minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy.Rao said he would write a letter to the party president if the state government goes ahead with recommending the rejection of the CBI prosecution to the governor. Rao is the second senior leader to oppose the cabinet decision to bail out Dharmana. Former PCC president K Keshava Rao also said the cabinet took a wrong decision in rejecting the CBI plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17409553", "title": "Lion cub rescued from Amreli village", "text": "RAJKOT: A lion cub, said to be about 25 days old, was rescued by the forest department personnel from Fachariya village in Rajula taluka of Amreli district on Tuesday. The officials are tracking the cub's mother so that the two can be reunited.The cub was discovered by a farmer Jaysukh Patel in his fields. He informed the officials who reached the spot and gave first aid to the sick animal. A veterinary doctor was called to provide the cub with proper treatment. The officials hope to unite the cub with its mother soon. Sources said that a group comprising a lion, a lioness and two cubs was spotted near the village over the last few days. It is assumed that the rescued cub had got separated from this group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17407456", "title": "CBI court dismisses Jagan's bail plea", "text": "HYDERABAD: Principal special judge U Durga Prasad Rao of the CBI court on Wednesday dismissed the bail plea of YSR Congress chief Y S Jaganmohan Reddy saying that if he is released on bail at this stage, it would impede the ongoing investigation into the disproportionate assets case in which he is accused number one.The CBI is preparing to file its final chargesheet in the case after investigating into seven issues - Sandur Power Company Ltd , mining leases to Jagan firms like Bharati/Raghuram cements, Penna Cements and its group companies, Dalmia Cements, India Cements, investments from Kolkata-based fictitious companies, Indu Projects and Lepakshi Knowledge hub, the judge said.The amounts involved in these aspects exceed Rs 3,000 crore and the Supreme Court too said that bail could not be granted prior to the completion of investigation in respect of these seven aspects, the judge said in his order. The completion of investigation into these seven aspects is the rider put by the apex court and this applies even to the current bail application, the judge said. Jagan had sought bail under the grounds that he had completed 90 days of his arrest under section 167(2) of the CrPC. The regular bail plea filed by him under section 437 of the CrPC was, however, posted to November 30 for hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17408661", "title": "In a first, corporator gets 4-year jail for graft", "text": "BANGALORE: In a first, the special Lokayukta court on Wednesday sent a corporator to four years' rigorous imprisonment in a bribery case.Lokayukta police had trapped Ganesh Mandir corporator L Govindaraju accepting a bribe of Rs 2 lakh from a builder at his house in Banashankari III Stage on July 17, 2010.Sources said a Lokayukta police team headed by deputy superintendent of police HS Manjunath took Govindaraju into custody and sent him to Parappana Agrahara Central Jail after the verdict came around 4.30pm on Wednesday.Judge N K Sudhindra Rao also ordered the corporator to pay a fine of Rs 50,000 or undergo six months' rigorous imprisonment in case of default for the offence under Section 13(1)(d) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1968. The judge also sentenced him to two years in jail and a fine of Rs 40,000 under Section 7 of the act.The special Lokayukta court on Wednesday sentenced the corporator to four years in jail in the case. Builder J Udaya Kumar had complained to Lokayukta police that he was constructing an apartment in Banashankari III Stage and the corporator had demanded Rs 8 lakh to let him complete the construction without any hindrance. Udaya Kumar said he had already paid an advance of Rs 2 lakh and the corporator was demanding Rs 2 lakh more.Ravindra Nath Guru, convener, Bansashankari Consumer Care Society, said: \"In the past two and a half years, Govindaraju hasn't held any meeting with the people in his ward. Though BBMP (South) joint commissioner asked for Janaspandana programmes to be held, he never conducted it. Thanks to the judiciary, the case has been resolved within two years. We may get a better corporator now. Govindaraju could have done wonderful work in our ward but sadly, he didn't do it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17408865", "title": "Two detained for Velachery murder", "text": "CHENNAI: Velachery police have detained two people suspected to have involved in the murder of a techie following a fight in a bar attached to a Tasmac shop in Velachery.Police said Arivalagan, 32 and Panneer, 34, of Kamarajapuram were picked up for questioning. Police are yet to arrest eight people in the case.The duo in police custody told the police that Chandrasekaran Kulkarni, 42, a senior software engineer working in Guindy, tried to pacify a gang involved in the ruckus and was subsequently attacked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17408131", "title": "Woman IAF officer hangs herself at Jodhpur base", "text": "JODHPUR: An Air Force officer posted at Jodhpur allegedly killed herself at her home on Wednesday. Squadron Leader Anandita Das (29), a ground duty officer at Jodhpur Air Force Station, was found hanging in her official quarters by her husband at around 3am.Her husband, also an IAF officer and a Sukhoi pilot, reported the matter to the police. A court of inquiry had been ordered by the Air Force while police has taken custody of the body for postmortem.Anandita's husband, Squadron Leader V Nair, reported the matter to the officials and the police. \"We took the body in our possession,\" a police official said.Police, however, are still not calling it a suicide. No suicide note has been found in the house either. \"The officer said she was hanging from the ceiling fan in her bedroom. Things will only be clear after the postmortem report and interrogation of her husband,\" he added.PTI quoted unnamed IAF sources as saying the couple had some arguments before they retired for the night.In 2008, Das married Squadron Leader V Nair from Kerala. Both were posted at Bareilly and were transferred to Jodhpur in September this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17409187", "title": "Heritage tag demand for Utkal Ashram", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The 90-year-old Utkal Ashram, which saw leaders of the Odia movement chalking out strategies for the formation of a separate state on the basis of language, deserves a heritage tag, feel eminent citizens.Odisha was formed on April 1, 1936, and this building was a mute witness to this historic change. Basant Kumar Panigrahi, a senior advocate, said, \"The government should declare it a heritage building.\" He also felt the government should set up a museum inside the building to display all relevant documents of the movement and photographs of frontline leaders.History says, the Rambha Palace of Harihar Mardaraj, the king of then Khallikote, was the first to invite all Odia leaders to help strategize the movement in 1902.The palace has now been leased out to a hotel. Retired professor Prahallad Panda said, \"In the absence of a heritage status, the building is being called Utkal Ashram.\"The annual conference of the Ganjam Jatiya Samiti was held in Berhampur on April 11 and 12, 1903. This conference provided infrastructural support for the inception of the birth of Utkal Sammilani, which held its first conference at the Idgah Ground in Cuttack.The place for the ashram was donated by the then zamindar of Sheragada estate. A thatched house was built like an ashram to provide shelter to the leaders. Later, a separate building was constructed for collecting donation, Panigrahi added.Almost all leaders from Odisha visited the ashram during the movement. Since the place played a pivotal role in the formation of a separate state, the road that passes through it was named Utkal Ashram Road by the Berhampur Municipal Corporation (BMC).\"As the place played a significant role in the formation of a separate state and to help promote Odia language and culture, it needs to be declared a heritage building,\" said Mohapatra Bhaskar Gantayat, a noted Odia litterateur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17409973", "title": "Land row returns to haunt BJP MLC again", "text": "MYSORE: The issue of agricultural land in the eco sensitive zone of the Bandipur tiger reserve has come back to haunt BJP MLC G Madhusudana. The legislator has allegedly flouted norms to purchase the land and its subsequent conversion.According to the Kollegal assistant commissioner's report, the MLC fudged documents to buy agricultural land at Mangala in Gundulpet taluk and got it converted for use of non-agricultural activities. He has influenced the officials and threw the norms to the wind while purchasing the land. The land was converted for non-agricultural use in three months.The MLC also laid a road in the forest area, according to the AC's report dated June 14.Releasing the copies of the report, Congress leader and activist M Lakshmana on Wednesday said the MLC's fight to protect 2,000 acres in the foothills of Chamundi Hills is welcome. \"But he should make his stand clear on the AC report which clearly finds him guilty on more than one count,\" he said and accused Mysore regional commissioner M V Jayanthi of inaction as the report was submitted some five months ago.In his report, the assistant commissioner has gone in detail about the land row and suggested to attach the land. Madhusudana applied with the Nanjangud AC on January 12, 1995, seeking permission to buy 49 acres of land at Mangala which was approved the same day.The applicant had said that he is buying the land for agricultural purpose.The application was okayed without a report from Nanjangud tahsildar which is a violation. When the applicant made the application, he claimed himself to be an agriculturalist having land at Eshwaragowdanahalli in Nanjangud taluk. But the village accountant on September 15, 1995, made a written statement to the Nanjangud AC that he was forced to enter Madhusudana's name in the records since he was ordered orally by the AC. The MLC pressurized the officials to enter his name in the records to claim that he is an agriculturalist. The land which is claimed to belong to Madhusudana is a gomala (government property). The MLC applied for conversion of 14 acres on May 5, 1995, which was approved. It is violation of the Karnataka Land Reforms Act.On May 31, 1995 the Gundulpet tahsildar wrote to the Nanjangud AC seeking to cancel the conversion, pointing out that it is forest land and the official from the Bandipur tiger reserve has opposed to it. Following the letter, the Mysore DC withheld the conversion order on June 3. The MLC had approached the high court against this order, which was struck down by the court, the report said.The land bordering the tiger sanctuary was later used to set up a resort. But, it doesn't have permission from the tourism department, forest department, the national board for wildlife and the ministry of the environment and forests, the AC noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17408409", "title": "International students take Panjab University on world tour", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was a fun-filled, adventurous and enriching Wednesday for Panjab University students, as they trotted the globe in just a few hours.Scores of international students of PU and its affiliated colleges got together at the university auditorium to share the cultural richness of their countries as a part of \"International Students and National Education Day Function\". From music to dance, they presented many an event drenched in their native traditions. And the audience savoured every bit of the slice of Afghanistan, Iran, Sri Lanka, Thailand, and Tibet, among others.International students too enjoyed every moment of it. \"The audience loved music, dance and all that's great about my country. My friends and I were excited to be a part of the event. We thoroughly enjoyed it. We like the city... we feel like home here,\" said Mon Bir Sarki, a student of DAV college, Sector 10, who hails from Bhutan. \"Happiness was the theme of our performance. Six girls practised night and day to give an impeccable traditional acoustic performance, which is called 'Tharingsa',\" said Dorji Wangyel, another student from Bhutan.Even as many cultures came alive on the stage, there was one thing almost all the students missed the most - food of their respective countries. \"There were refreshments after the event. But we missed traditional food. It will be great if the university makes food festival a part of the event,\" said a student of PU's department of education who hails from Thailand.A representative of each country gave a presentation on cultural richness of their native land. And a round of applause followed every presentation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17407321", "title": "Seminar to improve police-public relationship", "text": "GUWAHATI: With an intent to improve the police-public relationship in the state, the All Assam Police Association (AAPA) on Wednesday organised a seminar with the theme 'Strategies and innovative approaches for creative and coherent and efficient system for the improvement of the relation between police and public' at the city's District Library auditorium.Citing the need for improving the police-public relation here, Assam police chief J N Choudhury said, \"Public cooperation is the most important ingredient in police investigation or work. Assam Police need public support as the department is currently facing an acute manpower shortage. Without public support, police can't handle every thing on their own.\"Bhaskar Jyoti Mahanta, IGP (training and armed police) also stressed that until the police-public relationship is improved, maintaining law and order will always be a challenge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17408210", "title": "Electronic surveillance to be installed at all check posts soon", "text": "COIMBATORE: In an attempt to ensure effective vehicle surveillance within city limits, the city police are planning to initiate total electronic surveillance at all police check posts installed in the city, in collaboration with a private software firm. Presently, a trial run is being conducted at the check post near Chinniampalayam. Four highdefinition surveillance cameras will be strategically installed at the check posts covering both lanes, ensuring that the footage recorded will have both the rear and front portion of the vehicles passing through the check post in both directions.\"We are conducting a trial run at the moment and depending on the success and viability of the project it will be extended across city limits,\" said AK Viswanathan, Commissioner, Coimbatore city police.According to M Karthikeyan and B Karthikeyan of Droid Hash Technologies based in Sukrawarpet in the city, they had recently approached the city police with their proposal after which it was decided to conduct the trial run. The footage recorded would be automatically transmitted to the police control room from where senior officials would monitor the movement of vehicles.There will also be provision to alert senior city police officials by sending SMS to their mobile phones. If the registration details of stolen vehicles are fed into the main computer at the control room then automatic alert messages will be generated and passed on to senior police officials. Thus, if police suspect that a vehicle caught in the video grab is stolen, they will be able to verify details.\"The main intention of the system is to ensure total vehicle surveillance at police checkposts,\" said B Karthikeyan, managing partner, Droid Hash Technologies, Coimbatore.The police at the moment have 11 check posts installed at all major entry and exit points in the city. Regular checking is conducted at these posts whenever crimes are committed. The police have also kept barricades near check posts to ensure that vehicles slow down while passing through, to ensure officials have ample time to check the vehicle and its occupants.\"Whenever we are on an alert we ask drivers to stop and conduct detailed checking of the vehicle if necessary,\" said T Senthilkumar, deputy commissioner of police, Coimbatore city police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17410165", "title": "A drop of blood or saliva to help diagnose malaria", "text": "LONDON: Researchers have developed a new, inexpensive and sensitive method that makes it possible to diagnose malaria from a single drop of blood or saliva.The method might eventually be used in low-resource areas without the need for specially trained personnel, expensive equipment, clean water or electricity. With the development of this method, the researchers hope to go one step further in identifying and treating people suffering from malaria.Researchers at Aarhus University have developed the method based on measuring the activity of an enzyme called topoisomerase I from the Plasmodium parasite. The technology called REEAD (Rolling Circle-Enhanced Enzyme Activity Detection) makes it possible to diagnose malaria from a single drop of blood or saliva , a statement from the said.This method is much more time-effective and costeffective than current diagnostic methods and can be performed by personnel with no specialised training. It can be used in low-resource areas without the use of expensive equipment, clean water or electricity.The ongoing fight against malaria is complicated by increasing problems with resistant Plasmodium parasites. In addition, several Plasmodium species (P vivax and P knowlesi) cannot be detected with the usual quick-test methods.The new method distinguishes itself from other quick-test methods because it can measure whether a given Plasmodium infection is resistant to drugs.The unique sensitivity, combined with its ability to detect infection in very small samples of blood or saliva, makes the method suitable for large-scale screening projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17409025", "title": "50% of Gujarat University's PhD guides incompetent: Report", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A three-dean committee appointed by Gujarat University to verify eligibility and merit of 50-odd guides, who were appointed by former VC Parimal Trivedi has submitted its report. The report says 50% of the guides fall short of the mandatory criteria and that their guide-ship should be cancelled.It needs mention here that 50 guides were recently appointed to meet the severe shortfall of guides plaguing GU, due to which a number of students who have cleared the PhD entrance test were not able to pursue their doctoral thesis.Shortage of guides is a serious issue plaguing GU, which presents itself as a vicious cycle. Since there is a lack of doctoral teachers, there is a lack of guides. This shortage of guides resultantly leads to fewer students pursuing doctoral theses. \"The committee was set up after there were complaints that many of the 50-guides appointed did not fulfill the criteria. They had either not presented enough research papers or did not have adequate experience. The committee has submitted its report, following which the guide-ship of half the new appointments may be cancelled,\" said GU sources.GU officials admit that this is a serious issue with no easy answers. \"If the guide-ship is cancelled, GU would be back to square one where it will not be able to offer students guides to pursue doctoral dreams. The other issue is that GU cannot have less-than-qualified teachers as guide. It is a catch-22 situation,\" said officials.Meanwhile, officials said a meeting will be soon held to mull over this crisis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17408809", "title": "For Kochi's Sikh community, it\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s a city of joy", "text": "KOCHI: For the Sikh families in the city, Wednesday was a day of festivities. The conclusion of the week-long celebrations of the Gurdwara Sri Guru Singh Sabha, Thevara, Kochi, and the 543rd birth anniversary of Guru Nanak were celebrated with traditional gaiety by the community.The rituals began with a 'Kirtan Durbar' at 11am. Readings from the holy book and hymns that praised the Guru as the 'essence of goodness and virtue' were sung during the occasion. A community kitchen, 'Guru Ka Langer', which symbolizes equality, was also organized. Nearly 600 Sikh families from various parts of the state and local residents took part in the celebrations.IT professionals and Navy personnel attended the programmes held at the Gurudwara, the highlight of which was the recitation of sacred hymns by 'Raagi Jatha', a group comprising singers and a percussionist, who had came from Amritsar.This year, the community had organized elaborate programmes like 'Nagarkirtan', a public procession, which was the first of its kind to be held in the city. Around 400 Sikhs, including those from Coimbatore and Thiruvananthapuram, participated in the procession which was held in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "once upon a time, there lived an indian in england whose name the english couldn't pronounce. exasperated with their failure to utter those mystical syllables, they found another name for him", "code": "17407296", "title": "Ramesh Divecha: Of an Indian who won English hearts", "text": "Once upon a time, there lived an Indian in England whose name the English couldn't pronounce. Exasperated with their failure to utter those mystical syllables, they found another name for him: 'Buck'.Even as a kid, Buck was taken to Test matches and cricket parties. His home would always be filled with cricketers. Ramesh 'Buck' Divecha was a popular figure at the Oxford University.In his three years of stay there, he became known as a fine cricketer. For long periods he would bowl fast-medium, and then changed to off-spin. Besides being a skilled bowler, he was a useful lower-order batsman.Former England cricketer Donald Carr, who was with Divecha, remembers his important contribution in Oxford's victory over Cambridge in 1951. \"He took 7 for 62 with mostly off-spin in the second innings. In that entire Oxford season, Buck took a total of 52 wickets. That performance against Cambridge brought him such praise that he got selected to play for the Gentlemen against the Players in the traditional annual match at Lord's,\" recalls Carr.Former India captain Dattaji Gaekwad recounts: \"In 1952, India toured England and Divecha was in the Indian team. He bowled very well. Having played at Oxford for so long, he was used to the conditions. I had once shared a room with him in Calcutta before the 1952 tour of England. As a senior, he always encouraged youngsters. He would observe certain things and explain so that it wouldn't confuse you. I certainly benefited a lot.\"Divecha was a part of India's first Test victory, against England at Madras in 1951-52. He was adept at swinging the ball both ways, an art he learnt from Alf Gover. In 1950 and 1951, he bowled off-breaks effectively to take 7 for 62 in the 2nd innings, leading Oxford to a fantastic 21-run victory.Very next week he took 5 for 81, including the wickets of Len Hutton and Dennis Compton for the Gentlemen against the Players at Lord's. In the 1952 tour, he took a hat-trick, leading to a win over the strong Surrey county and then captured 8 for 74 against Glamorgan.Friendly and helpful, Ramesh made friends quickly. Carr remembers Buck as a \"truly fine cricketer and a friend to all who met him whilst in Oxford. I also remember Buck's family would send food from India to keep his ever-growing figure in shape and we would feast on the delicacies\".His daughter Sandhya reflects how all the friends her father made were for life, whether in India or in the UK. \"He was a very friendly, trusting and genial person who loved company. He remained in touch with all friends - from the gang he grew up with in Khar to those at Oxford. So much so that the friendships and being in touch with the children of his friends continues even now. We are in touch with his friends who are alive and also with their children,\" she says.Donald Carr remained in touch with Ramesh throughout the latter's life, and he and his wife Stella continue to be in contact with Ramesh's family till date. Sandhya reminisces, \"My brother Suneet and I spent time with Donald Carr in London. In fact, Donald took me to Lord's pavilion in 1985.\"Divecha, in 61 first-class matches, took 217 wickets at an average of 24.89 and mostly played for Oxford University and Northamptonshire. He was the first Bombay pacer to capture more than five wickets in an innings against the visiting team in India.However, the man who surprised not only the Indian but English batsmen many times over, was taken in by a shock from life. On February 19, 2003, Ramesh 'Buck' Divecha died of a heart attack. He was 75. With multitudes of interesting tales of foreign lands and even more friends to remember him, Divecha lives on in many people's hearts. Ramesh or Buck, the man was an expert not only in cricket but in being liked and loved too!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17408844", "title": "HC initiates contempt move against BBMP executive engineer", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Wednesday initiated contempt of court proceedings against a BBMP executive engineer for filing an incorrect statement before the court in a PIL alleging violations by an apartment complex.A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen pulled up Mohan Gowda, executive engineer of BBMP's Hebbal sub-division, and said: \"Prima facie, the report has been prepared and filed in order to mislead the court.'' Further hearing is fixed for December 5.The executive engineer had filed a report stating that he had visited the spot in question. However, during the hearing on Wednesday, he informed the court that he had not visited the spot but it was his juniors who did.The bench then gave him time to engage an advocate.The chief engineer, Hebbal, had been asked to visit the spot and submit a report providing certain specific details related to the position of the apartment and other issues raised in the PIL filed in 2006.The PIL was filed by Shakunthala Chougule, former legislator, and others complaining about the construction of a multi-storey apartment complex in MLA Layout in RMV area, close to Dollars Colony.The petitioners complained that the construction of the structure was in violation of the layout plan and some portion of the park area had been encroached upon, resulting in blocking of access to some of the residents.The court had issued a bailable warrant against the BBMP commissioner last week when there was no representation for the civic body though several lawyers who were in the BBMP panel were present in the court. Later, the warrant was recalled after the BBMP commissioner apologized to the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17408819", "title": "5 lakh each to families of dead sailors", "text": "CHENNAI: The owner of M T Pratibha Cauvery, which ran aground during Cylcone Nilam on October 31, informed the Madras high court on Wednesday that he would pay 5 lakh each to the families of the six sailors killed during an escape bid.When a batch of petitions, filed by the families of the sailors who died and some surviving crew members, came up for hearing before Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar, counsel for the shipping company said a sum of 30 lakh would be deposited with the high court by December 5.He also filed an affidavit, stating that the court could sell the vessel by appointing a licensed surveyor. Once the vessel's value is assessed, it would be sold and the sale proceeds will be disbursed to the stake-holders, he said.Meanwhile, seven surviving sailors moved the court seeking payment of their salary arrears and compensation for mental agony. Their counsel S Vasudevan reminded the court of its interim order detaining the ship and asking the owners to deposit 6 crore if they wanted to move it away from Chennai waters.Justice Vasanthakumar made it clear that the interim order on payment of 6 crore for taking out the vessel is still in force.Muizz Ali, counsel for the chairman and managing director of the shipping company, said the amount would be deposited on December 5 and the interim compensation could be disbursed to claimants after they submit their legal heir certificates.Advocate general A Naveethakrishnan said the case of death under suspicious circumstances and man missing cases have now been altered into cases of culpable homicide not amounting to murder. As he sought further time to file a status report on the matter, the judge adjourned the matter to December 5 for further proceedings.Earlier, S Prabakaran, counsel for the families of six dead engineers, submitted that while the agents had been arrested and remanded in custody, the owners were let off after an inquiry by police. \"The big sharks were given enough time to obtain anticipatory bail from the Bombay high court,\" he said.Responding to a statement by the ship owner's counsel that the death was an 'act of god,' Prabakaran said it was a case of starvation death. The marine engineers attempted to desert the vessel only due to non-availability of safety measures as well as food and other essential materials, he said.The ship has been mortgaged to several debtors, and the sale proceeds would not reach the victims' families in full even if the vessel is sold, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17407689", "title": "Alert RPF personnel nabs thief", "text": "NAGPUR: A thief was caught by two constables of the Railway Protection Force (RPF) who were on duty at platform number 2 at the railway station on Wednesday.While the Central railway's RPF constables managed to nab one, his accomplice managed to give cops the slip.It learnt that RPF constables nabbed the thief, later identified as Shiva Govindan, when he was about to board the Jaipur-Coimbatore Express. Cops found three laptops, eight mobile phones, a camera, watches and Rs 1,500 in cash in Govindan's bag.RPF sources said that Govindan and his accomplice committed a series of thefts while coming to city from Veltur. They had also committed thefts in Nagpur but cops got wind just when the duo was sneaking out of the city.RPF later handed over the thief to the railway police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17407767", "title": "12,000 properties in Pune Cantonment Board areas to get notices", "text": "PUNE: For the first time, the Pune Cantonment Board (PCB) is clicking photographs of properties to verify if it is used for commercial or residential purpose. This is being done to make triennial assessment of property tax for 2011-2014 a transparent process.The PCB has started issuing notices to 12,000 property owners. The notices were issued to revise the annual rateable value of the properties. The property owners will have to respond in 30 days disclosing the use of the property - residential, commercial or any other purpose.PCB revenue superintendent Subhash Kadam said, \"We have started clicking photographs of properties for verifying its status before taxes are revised. The PCB will be constrained to take action against those who provide false or incorrect information.\"The revenue staff will also conduct physical verification of the properties in case the owners fail to provide information within the given time limit.The revenue staff after collecting information of properties will propose taxes and will again issue notices to owners inviting objections. Those filing objections will be given a hearing, following which the PCB will take a final call on revising the taxes, Kadam said.The PCB receives gets a revenue of Rs 13 crore from property taxes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "17408051", "title": "Fire in hut, 1 dead", "text": "BAHRAICH: A house caught fire due to some unknown reasons and an old man was charred to death while two cattle and three houses were burnt to ashes.The police told that Ramsanehi (75) resident of Dhuswan under Sonwa police station was sleeping in his hut which caught fire due to some unknown reason. By the time Ramsanehi knew about it he was surrounded by the fire and was charred to death. A cow, a calf and other household goods were also burnt to ashes. The fire burnt his neighbor's house as well. The household goods in the house were also burnt to ashes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17408324", "title": "Another survey of rail route areas from next week", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To re-check feasibility of the Metro rail project and clear confusion about the exact alignments of the corridors, the UT administration has decided to carry out another survey of the areas from where the rail route will pass.The engineering department will also identify the houses and showrooms that will have Metro passing under them and may have to be acquired. These are in sectors 34 and 21, where reports of location of two key stations have set alarm bells ringing among residents for fear of their land being acquired.The exercise is likely to begin next week. Its findings will be added to the detailed project report (DPR) prepared by Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC). The DMRC has identified areas from where the two corridors planned in the first phase will pass, besides the location of the 30 stations.UT finance secretary V K Singh said the survey would be a local exercise and would add to the information provided in the DPR.While the east-west corridor will connect Chandigarh to Panchkula, the north-south one will run into Mohali.A total of 20 patches of private land which have houses, shops and kiosks constructed on these, will be acquired for Metro rail project in sectors 22, 34 and 43. The list of Project Affected People (PAP) includes 79 families, which will be rehabilitated elsewhere by the administration.DMRC, in its detailed project report submitted to the UT, has pointed out, \"Among the affected families, only five own kiosks and rest are title land owners or tenants. A total of 2.73 hectare of private land needs to be acquired, apart from 32.52 hectare of government land.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17406741", "title": "US doctor gifts Mumbai's poor used pacemakers", "text": "MUMBAI: For over 10 years now, American cardiologist Dr Daniel Mascarenhas has had to answer a barrage of questions every time he lands at Mumbai international airport. This is mainly because the former Bandra boy packs an unusual baggage\u00e2\u20ac\u201dused pacemakers recovered from dead bodies, catheters previously used in angioplasties or factory- packaged stents that are past expiry date. \"Mumbai customs officials,\" he said, \"require lengthy explanations.\" Dr Mascarenhas, however, carries these medical equipment from the US for a worthy reason. They provide a new lease of life to some Mumbaikars who otherwise would not have been able to afford them.\"A cardiac defibrillator costs up to Rs 6 lakh in India. But some patients in Mumbai have got up to three such devices for no cost at all. And each of these patients is so poor that he or she could never have bought a new device,\" he said during a brief visit to his city of birth. His precious baggage makes its way to civic-run KEM Hospital in Parel or trust-run Holy Family Hospital in Bandra.Last month, Dr Mascarenhas published an article in the international medical journal, Annals of Internal Medicine, to prove that his \"imports\" have been working well in 80 of the Indians treated at Holy Family Hospital. \"I have so far given 400-plus devices at the two Mumbai hospitals,\" added the doctor.His article has brought to fore a long-standing concern among public health experts: why cannot reuse of expensive medical devices become the norm? At present, the US Food and Drug Administration prohibits reuse of devices implanted in people.Dr Mascarenhas feels his current mission is a progression of what he was doing in Mumbai as a medical student. \"As a resident doctor in KEM Hospital, it was my job to sterilise catheters that had been used before,\" he said. Although medical companies maintain that devices should only be used once for fear of infection, they are so expensive that many Indian hospitals tend to reuse them a couple of times at least.Moreover, pacemakers and defibrillators cost between Rs 1 lakh and 6 lakh depending on their features. \"These devices can prevent sudden cardiac deaths, but they are out of reach of most poor patients. We have only made a small attempt to plug this gap,\" said Holy Family Hospital's Dr Yash Lokhandwala who collaborates with Dr Mascarenhas.Their joint paper underlines the healthcare chasm between the US and India. \"Nowhere are disparities in healthcare more evident than in the rates of implantable cardioverter defibrillator (ICD) use around the world. Rates of new ICD implantation are less than 1 per million persons in many Asian and South American nations as against 434 per million persons in the United States . These differences are primarily related to the cost of such life-saving therapy,\" reads the article.Dr Mascarenhans gets pacemakers and defibrillators from funeral homes, which as a rule remove battery-operated devices before cremation or burial. \"Americans are giving people. I call up funeral homes, which send me the explanted devices after taking permission from families,\" he added.And proving the faith is the painstakingly recorded evidence from Holy Family Hospital: 81 patients who reported good health even three years after getting the devices, 22 of them had received a second device and three patients received a third device after the prior one reached replacement voltage. No infectious complications occurred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17408507", "title": "Ex-minister's plea for stay on arrest rejected", "text": "LUCKNOW: There was another setback for Rangnath Misra and Chandradeo Ram Yadav, the Bahujan Samaj Party leaders who were ministers in Uttar Pradesh government during the Mayawati regime. The Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court on Wednesday dismissed a petition seeking stay order on the arrest of Misra in the multi-crore rupee scam related to the Labour and Construction Co-operative Federation (LACCFED) - a co-operative entity involved in construction, upgrading and supplies to state government departments.The court has already turned down similar plea of Chandradeo Ram Yadav recently. The two can now be arrested any time by the Special Investigations Bureau (SIB) of the Co operative Cell (CoC) of Uttar Pradesh Police (UPP) which is probing the scam. Misra was the secondary education minister and Yadav was the minister for small scale industries during the BSP regime. Former Labour Minister Badshah Singh and former Agriculture Minister Chaudhary Laxmi are accused in the case too.A bench of Justice Abdul Mateen and Justice D K Upadhyay, dismissed the petition and said the FIR lodged in connection with the scam was about commission of cognizable offence, hence, the accused was not entitled to any relief.Misra had filed his plea before the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court after the district and sessions judge (Lucknow) issued a non-bail able warrant against him.The warrant was issued on November 22, after the SIB moved an application before the court under section 82 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) to attach the property of both Misra and Chandra Deo Ram Yadav after they failed to appear before the investigators despite repeated notices and summons. The court allowed a time of one month to both the accused directing them to appear before the court in person, failing which the court may issue orders to attach the property of the two former ministers. The one-month deadline ends on December 22.On October 26, the SIB had raided the houses of Misra and Yadav, in Bhadohi and Azamgarh districts, respectively to arrest them in connection with allegations that they had taken kickbacks in return for allocating work to the LACCFED in 2010-2011. The SIB, however, returned empty-handed, as neither was available at home. The raids came a day after the SIB procured arrest warrants against the two from the court on the basis of evidence against the duo.The SIB is probing the alleged embezzlement of over Rs 50 crore of government funds meant for construction of buildings including ITIs, polytechnic hostels, employment exchanges, homoeopathy hospitals, court rooms, veterinary hospitals, mortuaries and signboards in Navodaya schools during 2010-2011 by LACCFED.A case alleging financial irregularities was lodged at Hussainganj police station of Lucknow in February on a complaint by the LACCFED general manager, administration and finance, P N Singh Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17408616", "title": "APJ Abdul Kalam to interact with students in Darbhanga", "text": "PATNA: Former president APJ Abdul Kalam will hold an interactive session with over 3,000 students (class XI-XII) on 'The basics of science' at polo ground in Darbhanga next month.Hundreds of students, particularly from rural areas of Madhubani, Supaul, Samastipur, Muzaffarpur, Sitamarhi and Sheohar districts, are likely to attend the programme.According to official sources, Kalam is scheduled to attend the IIT convocation programme in the state capital on December 23. He will leave Patna the same day for Darbhanga to attend the science fair on December 24. Chief minister Nitish Kumar is expected to inaugurate the fair.The education department officials have been communicated to send students from their respective districts to Darbhanga on December 24. Kalam is expected to hold interactive session on subjects like space, life sciences, video slides and physics modules.Several scientific models and special equipment from Bangalore will be brought for an exhibition to be organized during the three-day mega science fair. The Viksit Bharat Foundation (VBF), Bihar branch, and the Agastya International Foundation (AIF), Bangalore, will organize the mega science fair for schoolchildren. Nearly 300 selected students will get training from science instructors from Kuppam in Andhra Pradesh during the fair.The organizers have a target of about 5,000 students every day. Chairman of AIF, Ramji Raghavan, along with some former scientists of BARC and DRDO are expected to participate in the fair.Earlier this year, Kalam had donated Rs 25 lakh of his S R Jindal Award money for propagating scientific knowledge among the schoolchildren of rural Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "17408199", "title": "DMDK MLA arrested in Salem", "text": "SALEM: Thalaivasal police on Wednesday arrested Mettur DMDK MLA SR Parthiban on charges of disrupting police from doing their duties during a public meeting held a couple of days ago.\"We have arrested MLA SR Parthiban under sections 143 (whoever is a member of an unlawful assembly), 341 (punishment for wrongful restraint) and 188 (disobedience to order duly promulgated by public servant) of Indian Penal Code,\" Ashwin M Kotnis, Salem district superintendent of police, said. \"We are searching for MLAs Azhagapuram R Mohanraj and R Subha and 15 other DMDK functionaries who were not at home when the police went to arrest them. We will arrest them soon,\" the SP said.Clashes broke out between DMDK and AIADMK functionaries during a public meeting organized by the former in Thalaivasal on Monday after Durai Karuppazhaki of DMKD allegedly defamed chief minister Jayalalithaa in his speech. Thalaivasal police registered a case against eight DMDK functionaries including Gangavalli constituency MLA R Subha.Meanwhile, MLAs SR Parthiban (Mettur) and Azhagapuram R Mohanraj (Salem II) argued with the police when they tried to arrest DMDK speaker Durai Karuppazhaki and others. Hence, police registered a fresh case against SR Parthiban for not allowing them to do their duties and arrested him on Wednesday.Desiya Murpokku Dravida Kazhagam (DMDK) Mettur constituency MLA SR Parthiban has been arrested by Thalaivasal police for not allowing police to do their duties in Salem on Wednesday.Thalaivasal Union DMDK had organised for a public meeting in Thalaivasal on Monday evening. During the meeting clash erupted between AIADMK and MDMK party functionaries. ADMK blamed that DMDK party defaming Tamil Nadu Chief Minister and her rule, sources said. Meanwhile, Thalaivasal police had registered a case on eight DMDK functionaries including Gangavalli constituency MLA R Subha.MLAs SR Parthiban (Mettur), Azhagapuram R Mohanraj (Salem II) argued and quarrelled with the police while they were tried to arrest DMDK speaker Durai Karuppazhaki and other persons.For not allowing police to do their duties, Thalaivasal police has been registered a fresh case and arrested SR Parthiban on Wednesday. \"We have arrested MLA SR Parthiban under sections 143 (Whoever is a member of an unlawful assembly), 341 (Punishment for wrongful restraint) and 188 (Disobedience to order duly promulgated by public servant) of Indian Penal Code,\" Ashwin M Kotnis, Salem district Superintendent of Police told to TOI. \"We are going to arrest MLAs Azhagapuram R Mohanraj and R Subha and other 15 DMDK functionaries who were not at home when the police gone there to arrest. We will arrest them once they reach their home or Salem,\" SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407647", "title": "Cops keep safe distance from \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcVatican City\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the 10 days since the Ponty Chadha shootout, reams have been written about the victims, the family drama underlying the tragedy, suspicions of a conspiracy and, now, the alleged conspirators. But the spotlight has never rested on the setting, the Chadhas' farmhouse \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 42, Chhatarpur \u00e2\u20ac\u201d where the gunfight occurred. How a police team sent to check on the farmhouse reported \"all OK\" in the midst of a violent break-in minutes before the shootout is a question that has not been satisfactorily answered.While the police brass denies negligence, as expected, sources at the ground level say monitoring the farmhouse belt is not only a challenge but also an occupational hazard, as it means rubbing influential people the wrong way. Inspectors in the south district, where the farmhouses lie, say the properties are like fortified islands. In private, they call the area Vatican City.\"Don't go by these dusty, broken roads. We can reach our commissioner quicker than gain entry to these palaces, which are called farmhouses for some reason. The area is verily the Vatican City of Delhi, and the rules are different here,\" said an officer requesting anonymity.Junior officers say they receive many calls from the area about brawls, loud music and even firing. However, they seldom get to investigate a complaint as they are made to return from the gate, feeling unwelcome and uncomfortable. \"The gate is not opened, a face peeks out of the window to say 'all is well', and that's the end of the matter\".Docility is not a trait associated with policemen, but in this case they seem to have their compulsions. \"Most of the residents are well connected, and we cannot force them to open gates in the absence of our senior officers. It's different when an IPS officer is present at the spot. Then, the residents behave like common people and cooperate. But if we get nosy, there's a risk of landing up in the district lines (punishment),\" said a head constable from south district.\"For a peek behind the 12-15 feet high boundary walls, we would need to carry ladders. The armed guards are dismissive of us, and if we insist on looking around they disappear for 15-20 minutes to inform the owner. By the time we enter, everything is in order,\" said another officer from south district.\"In char-deewariyon ke peechhe kya hota hai, pata lagaana aasan nahin (it's not easy to find out what goes on behind these walls),\" said a cop who was patrolling the area on his bike. It's an unwritten rule of the area that police respond to calls only in serious cases, such as murders and robberies.It's the same story across other farmhouse belts \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Bijwasan, the road facing the airport in Dwarka, etc. \"We have directions to not interfere, especially during parties. The big shots of the capital are often present on such occasions, and one call from them means orders for us to return. Once, I responded to a complaint about loud music from a farmhouse. The guards, surprisingly, let us in but the owner met us accompanied by the ACP of another district where I was posted earlier. I had to return after he said everything was alright,\" said a constable in the southwest range.On November 17, the PCR received a call about the ruckus at the Chadhas' Chhatarpur farmhouse. When the PCR van reached the property, a man named Ram Kumar met them at the gate and assured that there was no problem. Minutes later, Ponty Chadha and his brother Hardeep were shot dead in mysterious circumstances.Senior police officers, however, maintained they treat everyone as per law and no special treatment was extended to the farmhouse owners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407956", "title": "Centre refuses to equate blind employees with deaf &amp; dumb", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has told the Supreme Court that deaf and dumb government employees could not be equated with blind and physically handicapped ones, who face much more difficulty in commuting and are hence given double the transport allowance paid to other employees.Citing a health ministry office memorandum, the government said it was advised that \"it would not be just and fair to equate the disability of deaf and dumb persons with those of blind persons in so far as grant of transport allowance facility is concerned\".The ministry in the 2003 memorandum said that deaf and dumb people generally do not require physical assistance for commuting to and from their residence to the place of duty. However, the proposal to give deaf and dumb employees enhanced transport allowance was again considered in 2006.The Centre said the Sixth Central Pay Commission did not make any recommendation on this aspect while revising the transport allowance. \"As per the recommendation of the commission, as accepted by the government, status-quo continues regarding the categories of physically disabled employees eligible for transport allowance at enhanced rate,\" it said.\"In view of the aforesaid position, it is not considered feasible to extend the benefit of enhanced transport allowance to hearing impaired employees,\" the government said. However, solicitor general R F Nariman sought 12 weeks time from a bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Dipak Misra to make a fresh attempt to find an amicable resolution to the grievances of deaf and dumb employees.A PIL filed by 'Deaf Employees Welfare Association' had alleged that the government remained unmoved despite several representations by hearing impaired employees seeking enhancement of transport allowance to bring at par with that paid to blind and physically handicapped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407515", "title": "North corporation to remove encroachments in parks", "text": "NEW DELHI: North Delhi Municipal Corporation is going to come down hard on encroachments inside its parks. Officials say they have received several complaints at their zonal offices.\"We have asked the zonal offices to first take action against the temporary structures that have come up in municipal parks. We will demolish these structures and then take action against permanent structures,'' said P K Gupta, commissioner, North corporation.Officials say people are parking their vehicles at many parks in Rohini. In some areas, especially villages, people have encroached upon large portions of the park, using it as animal shed. \"The parks are meant for residents. We will take strict action against the owners of these structures,'' said an official. Officials said there are several parks where people or RWAs have constructed rooms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17406988", "title": "600 Indraprastha University students write to Delhi higher education minister", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fearing year loss due to credit backlog, hundreds of students of Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University have written to Delhi higher education minister A K Walia for relief after they were disbarred from appearing in the third year exam scheduled in the first week of December.Some 600 students from 70 colleges of the university doing professional courses such as BTech, BBA, BA-LLB and BCA were left in the lurch. A 2009 varsity rule, first implemented in 2011, requires 90 percent credits from a student for taking the exam.\"Some of us are short of just 0.1 credit. This will impact our whole career,\" a student said. He, however, admitted the rule, was mentioned in the course brochure.Until last year the university allowed those with 50 percent credit to write the exams. The 2011-12 batch challenged the university move to implement the 2009 rule in court and got clearance to write their exam. The exam begins December 3.\"We notified students as early as August. In order to facilitate clearing of backlog, the university conducted supplementary exams,\" vice-chancellor of IP University DK Bandopadhyay said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17409802", "title": "Experts hail benefits of nanotechnology", "text": "BELGAUM: Application of nanotechnology at the micro-level, particularly in the field of medicine has brought a lot of benefits to the mankind said HB Walikar, vice-chancellor, Karnataka University, Dharwad.Speaking at the two-day international conference on green nanotechnology at the VTU premises here on Tuesday he called upon the participants to undertake research in the field on green nanotechnology which will yield fruits to betterment of human society.Faculty members of various engineering colleges and about 600 delegates will take part in the workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407682", "title": "Four held for cloning credit cards", "text": "NEW DELHI: The next time you go to shop, don't just handover your credit/debit card to the billing agent; watch what he does with it. Your card data could be copied and a duplicate card made with it.The special cell of Delhi Police has arrested four people for cloning cards and withdrawing crores from the accounts of the original card holders. TOI had on Sunday reported about a gang indulging in card cloning.Elaborating on the modus operandi of the gang, DCP Sanjeev Yadav said, \"The gang members would befriend cashiers at major retail stores. They would swipe the customer's card twice: first in the store's card reader and then again at a machine called 'Skimmer' imported from Denmark. The data captured on this machine would later be copied onto another card with an empty magnetic strip.\"The duplicate card would be swiped on card readers, which they obtained from banks in the name of fictitious jewellery firms located in north Delhi. The crooks would transfer the money into their current accounts and quickly withdraw it.The fraud was first noticed by manager of the risk unit of a bank, who spotted several suspicious transactions adding up to Rs 9.75 lakh from national and international cards swiped on machines belonging to a particular set of companies in quick succession.When bank officials visited to collect the charge slips and other documents, they found that the merchant no longer existed at the address provided to the bank. \"We identified the main crook, Dheeraj Khanna. A resident of Geeta Colony in east Delhi, he took the pseudonym Rohit Kumar and represented Ultimate Jewellers\u00e2\u20ac\u201da fake entity\u00e2\u20ac\u201dto open a current account in a leading private bank. He also got machines issued against that account,\" Yadav said.Along with Khanna, Pankaj Deewan, Yogesh Mahajan and Mohammed Yasin were also arrested. Three others are absconding, but have been identified as Kamal, Rahul and Devender Chauhan, Yadav said. The domestic cards were cloned by Kamal and Rahul, while international cards were cloned by Chauhan with the help of a professional hacker. Khanna's share in the loot was 40%.But when the banks got suspicious, the crooks destroyed the GPRS-enabled card readers and cheque books. Police have seized 13 card readers issued by three leading private banks to the gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17408506", "title": "Seminar aims to bridge gap between anti-terror agencies", "text": "MUMBAI: The state police's two-day national seminar on counter-terrorism is expected to be attended by 60 senior officers, working for various anti-terror agencies in the country.The seminar, being held by the Maharashtra police and the Bureau of Police Research and Development (BPR&D;), will take place at the director-general of police's office near Regal cinema on Thursday and Friday.\"Besides the 60 senior officers, more than 120 officers from various departments will participate in the seminar. The focus will be on counter-terrorism,\" said a police officer who will be part of the seminar.\"At least two-three major operations failed due to lack of coordination between police agencies and lack of intelligence gathering. We have to look back to where we committed mistakes. Some terror cases will be presented as case studies,\" said sources.In the last couple of years, informers have also misled the police. For instance, the Mumbai 7/11 blast cases earlier had two sets of suspects. While one agency in Maharashtra police claimed the blasts were the handiwork of SIMI, another agency discreetly found out that the blasts were orchestrated by IM. Similar cases and controversies have been witnessed in Hyderabad Mecca Masjid bomb blast case, Samjhauta train blast case, Ajmer Dargah bomb blast case, 2006 Malegaon serial blast cases among others.\"Even in the presence of a state anti-terror wing, there are times when an outside agency picks up a suspect. They do not bother to inform the local police. In most cases, they do not think about the challenges and the method of counter-terrorism, but focus on detecting a case,\" said an observer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17406968", "title": "Cross-border car racket busted, 4 held", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four car snatchers targeting highways adjoining the capital were arrested on Wednesday.Mohammed Yasin, Sikander, Umesh and Nazim all hail from Sambhal in Uttar Pradesh , police said.On November 19, the accused robbed a truck at gunpoint from the Karnal GT Road flyover.\"Using electronic surveillance, we recovered the truck and arrested Yasin from Amroha. He tipped us about Sikander's whereabouts and he was also arrested. During interrogation, the duo disclosed the names of their associates leading to two more arrests and information about an international racket at work,\" DCP (Northwest) P Karunakaran said.The cars would be driven to Sambhal where number-plates and parts were changed, Siliguri where forged papers were prepared and Nepal and other parts of India for disposal.Sarik alias Sata is the mastermind of the racket. Over 200 vehicles were sold by this network in one year, the accused confessed to their interrogators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17409475", "title": "Muslim women divorcees get no legal certificate, jobs", "text": "JAIPUR: Many Muslim women divorcees are denied government jobs under special quota for single women as they could rarely produce a decree or an affidavit from a court that endorses her separation. Under the single women quota, widows, divorcees and deserted women are entitled to get priority in teaching, nursing, police, clerical and physical training jobs.However, in Islam, divorce comes into effect just by pronouncing 'talaq' thrice in the presence of three witnesses . It does not require filing an application in the family court to get a decree, which is mandatory for others . Rough estimates say over 2,000 divorced Muslim women in the state are qualified to apply for these jobs. But what deters them from it is the absence of a legal document.\"I have applied for a clerical job under special quota for women but was denied it in the absence of any legal document proving my divorce . My ex in-laws have refused to go to court and filed for separation fearing disrespect from society, which is a pre-condition for acquiring affidavit,\" said Sehar Qazi ( name changed), a resident of Babu-Ka-Tiba.On an average, only 5-10 % applications are filed by Muslims in the family court for separation who get a decree from the court. The rest of the cases, however, were settled with the intervention of the elders and clerics. In such cases, women do not get a legal document.They get a letter from the qazi declaring the break-up . When they apply for job, they were asked to attach a decree or affidavit and mostly end up losing the opportunity.Nishat Hussain, a social activist working for the rights of Muslim women said: \"This is double whammy for divorced Muslim women. At first they were denied shelter from in-laws and parents and secondly they cannot claim state's benefits .\"Though the government had promised the Muslim bodies of allowing these women get jobs by producing a letter from qazi nothing has come to the light.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17408201", "title": "Sena wants to end MNS raj in Dadar with Shivaji Park memorial demand: Observers", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena's insistence on Shivaji Park as the site for the Bal Thackeray memorial is aimed at wresting Dadar, the Marathi votebank, from the Raj Thackeray-led MNS, said political observers.The Sena continues to reel from the shock of losing Dadar to MNS in the 2009 legislative assembly elections when Nitin Sardesai defeated Aadesh Bandekar. To make matters worse, the MNS practically vanquished the Sena from its bastion early this year when it won all the seven seats in the civic polls.It is in this context that Thackeray's last speech has to be viewed, said partymen. \"Balasaheb could never reconcile to the fact that the Sena lost the Dadar assembly seat and all the seven BMC wards in a gap of three years. It is for this reason that he had made a passionate plea to all the Sainiks to reclaim the party's stronghold of the last 40 years in the next elections,\" said a senior Sena functionary from Dadar on Wednesday.The Sena has been strident in its demand that the Thackeray memorial should be set up at Shivaji Park. Clearly, the Sena strategy is to use the iconic park as the leitmotif of Thackeray's legend.The MNS is on the horns of a dilemma. If the Raj-led party backs the Thackeray memorial at Shivaji Park, it risks upsetting middle-class Marathi voters, most of them professionals, in and around the park. Any opposition to the memorial coming up at Shivaji Park by Raj will give the Sena more ammunition to slam the \"ungrateful\" nephew.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17407865", "title": "Mumbai school bus speed limit increased to 50kmph", "text": "MUMBAI: The speed limit for school buses in Mumbai Metropolitan Region has been raised from 40kmph to 50 kmph.Speaking to TOI, state transport secretary Shailesh Sharma said school bus operators, who have been demanding an upward revision in the speed limit, have been given some relief. \"We have enhanced the speed limit by 10kmph, but do not plan to increase it any further.\" The operators have to ensure that all buses are fitted with speed governors and that they adhere to the guidelines mentioned in the school bus policy, he added.Sharma has warned of strict penal action against drivers who fail to instal speed governors and operators who do not adopt proper safety measures in the interests of schoolchildren. \"We will not pardon such operators. They will be booked and fined for flouting rules,\" he said. Sources said RTO flying squads would keep tabs on all school buses plying in the island city and the suburbs from next week.Anil Garg of the School Bus Operators' Association said he will challenge the RTO action and has already moved the HC; a hearing is scheduled for December 4. \"The state has extended the deadline to instal speed governors in trucks, trailers and other goods vehicles till February 28, 2013. However, it has not extended the deadline for school buses,\" he added.He also said the state had no authority to decide on the speed limit for school buses. \"We do not accept the speed limit set by them\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwhether it is 40kmph or 50kmph. The Centre will come up with a comprehensive policy on speed governors within two months and it will also decide on the speed limit for school buses across the country. We will accept its directives,\" he added.Sharma, however, said the bus operators should not take the law into their own hands. \"There is no reason for any bus operator not to follow the school bus safety policy They have been given enough time in the past,\" he added.* Every school bus should have an attendant; in case of a girl's school, the bus should have a lady attendant* The distance between the lowest step of the bus and the ground has been fixed at 350mm* School buses with a seating capacity of less than 20 will have a fire extinguisher (5kg capacity) next to the driver. Buses ferrying more than 20 children need to be equipped with two extinguishers* Every school bus should have an attendant; in case of a girl's school, the bus should have a lady attendant* The distance between the lowest step of the bus and the ground has been fixed at 350mm* School buses with a seating capacity of less than 20 will have a fire extinguisher (5kg capacity) next to the driver. Buses ferrying more than 20 children need to be equipped with two extinguishers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "doha", "code": "17407971", "title": "Rich nations stall green tech transfer talks", "text": "DOHA: Developed countries - US, Japan, Australia and others - have stalled negotiations on transfer of technology from rich to the poor nations in an attempt to throw the issue out of the new global regime, which is now under the works.The talks reached acrimonious levels as the developed countries raised procedural issues to block talks on the substantial content of the negotiations. Under what is called the Long Term Cooperative track, the 190 plus countries have since 2009 been negotiating the flow of green technology from the developed to the developing world including concerns about costly intellectual property royalties that companies holding the technologies demand.India insisted that the unresolved concerns on technology transfer had to be addressed and not side-tracked by procedural tactics or dumped out of future negotiations.The talks have moved over years though the most contentious bits, such as IPR concerns, have not been addressed with countries such as the US opposing the demand of countries transferring technologies held by private companies without the IPR costs.With the LCA track set to close at Doha, the developed countries pushed on the third day that all unresolved issues be forgotten and the world live with only those elements that had been agreed to previously.An Indian negotiator told TOI, \"These parties want that the key concerns that they have locked horns on so far now be removed entirely from future agenda. They hope that all such issues that are not in their interest not live to be resolved in the negotiations for the post-2020 global regime which is to be negotiated between now and 2015.\"Under the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change, the developing countries are expected to reduce emissions only when aided by finance and technology from the developed world - a linkage that the rich countries are keen to break.If the developed countries are able to clean the slate of the LCA track and junk the contentious and yet unresolved elements, then the developing countries would have to fight anew to get these concerns re-inserted in the negotiation track which is to come up with the post-2020 regime, called the Durban Platform.Technologies, such as those required for efficient, renewable energy production, remain extremely costly and an imposition of an emission reduction target in the post-2020 regime without the transfer of green technologies would force poor countries to buy these from the private sector at high prices.The developed countries, unwilling to even engage in the talks on technology, raised procedural quibbles and the talks became very heated and India intervened to counter the attack, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17408723", "title": "Indira Gandhi lent Indian politics the dynastic shift: Ramachandra Guha", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17408107", "title": "Punjab ex-DGP to head Anna stir in region", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Former Punjab director general of police (prisons) Shashi Kant, who had threatened to expose the drug mafia being run in the state jails by top politicians and businessmen, will head anti-graft crusader Anna Hazare's campaign in the state.Kant will now be the second retired IPS officer in the country to be part of Hazare's core committee after former top cop and Magasaysay award winner Kiren Bedi. \"My notoriety attained during the anti-drug campaign against Punjab politicians has got me invitation from Hazare ji. I could not join his campaign earlier as I was in service. Now I fear no one in the administration and will start the stir late this week with my makeshift arrangement outside Panjab University campus,\" Kant, who had retired in June, shared the development exclusively with TOI.Known for his whistleblowing over corruption and drug rackets, Kant, a 1977-batch Punjab cadre officer, had taken the Akali Dal government by storm in February this year when he revolted against the then state police chief DGP Anil Kaushik and jails minister Hira Singh Gabria over mishandling of drug penetration in the jails.He had shifted over 125 prisoners and 9,500 employees to other jails over detecting the incidents of mobiles and several drugs through vegetables and fruits in jails.Kant had made several startling disclosures with reports that over 10,000 prisoners in various Punjab jails had become victim of chronic diseases like AIDS, Hepatitis and other life taking diseases due to nexus between police and politicians.Following which, DGP Kaushik had written an official letter to state government to either withdraw Kant's official vehicles or revoke their petrol allowance.The matter was resolved only intervention by the home secretary but later Kant revealed that he and his family were getting threatening calls from a powerful drug mafia in the state after his crackdown on trafficking in jails.Kant, who has also earlier headed the state's intelligence wing, said that his campaign with Anna would include social and societal evils like drug menace, arbitrary acquisition of farmers' land, and constitutional reforms such as right to recall.\"I am getting the forms signed by several volunteers. Some of them have even offered spaces to run our office premises. One of them is Alok Gupta who is one of the largest manufacturers of tens in Asia\" he said.Kant had made his first official representation at Anna-led protest on October 2 in New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17409965", "title": "Mumbai's Pali Hill building on sale for Rs 800 crore", "text": "MUMBAI: The controversial Sandhu Palace on Pali Hill, Bandra, touted as the most expensive residential building in the suburbs, is up for sale.Last month, its developer, Sandhu Builders, put the entire building on the block for $147 million, or around Rs 800 crore. But when vigilant residents of the adjoining Chetak Cooperative Housing Society (Manju Mahal) saw the advertisement on an international real estate website, they quickly moved a contempt of court petition against the builder.The society had dragged the builder to court for various violations some months ago. The Bombay high court subsequently ordered a status quo. Sandhu Palace, comprising two 19-storey towers, is the tallest structure on Pali Hill and was among the first buildings to benefit from height regulation relaxations during the tenure of Praful Patel as civil aviation minister.The developer has been quoting more than Rs 60,000 a sq ft, making it the most expensive property in the suburbs. Several large flats were sold to NRIs at more than Rs 35 crore each.The builder said he had spent in excess of Rs 148 crore on the project and sold 19 apartments out of a total of 48. Last week, the Chetak society filed an additional affidavit in the high court after Sandhu's advertisement came to light. It said the builder published the ad on the internet around October 27 and made efforts to dispose of the property, which had been \"constructed by violating rules, regulations and applicable laws by making misrepresentations before the concerned authorities\".The society said the builder was trying to create third-party rights by selling off the property despite the ongoing court case. The builder, Kanvarjeet Singh Sandhu, hit back, stating that he paid the society Rs 8.10 crore as part of the agreement, but it was sill trying to \"coerce and compel\" the developer to arrive at a further financial settlement.\"The petition has been filed with ulterior dishonest and malafide intent to extort Rs 100 crore from the respondents. Thus, the petition is a gross abuse of process in this court,\" said Sandhu.Chetak's petition said Sandhu and the BMC colluded to illegally increase the building's floor space index (FSI). The society had allowed the developer to acquire development rights for three of its four plots. However,the builder allegedly usurped the rights of the fourth plot, which was not part of the agreement. This plot measured 1,775 sq m and also included another 725 sq m reserved for a road setback (future expansion).The municipality's commissioner, deputy commissioner, executive engineer and deputy engineer (building proposal department, Bandra) have been made respondents, along with the developer, in the petition. In 2007, Sandhu paid each of the more than 100 members of Chetak Rs 5-15 lakh for giving powerof-attorney to the builder to utilize about three acres of its land. The agreement mentioned three plots, but the society alleged that the builder \"illegally\" included the fourth plot as well and got them sanctioned by the BMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17407983", "title": "Leading from the home front", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Contrary to the belief that brunches, kitty parties and high tea keep them occupied while their husbands are out at sea for months together guarding the coastline, wives of Navy officers are busy juggling their own careers with hectic personal and social lives. These group of over 10,000 women also do take out time for their ilk in order to uphold the tradition of Naval Wives' Welfare Association (NWWA).There are doctors, lecturers, journalists and IT professionals among wives of several Navy officers in the city. The president of NWWA and wife of Eastern Naval Command chief, Ragini Chopra, herself works with Jet Airways. Then there are daring women like commanding officer Captain Mahesh Singh's wife Manita Singh, who runs Balwari School, an institution for the underprivileged, and also takes part in daredevil acts like jackstay during combat demos of war ships. \"I enjoy moving from one Naval base to another as it's exciting and offers new experiences. I would like my two children to also join the defence forces,\" says Manita Singh.Kaushalya Suresh, vice-president of NWWA, Kalinga Naval Station, Vizag, adds, \"Once married to a Navy officer or sailor, one automatically becomes a member. Here, around 300 wives are active NWWA members and participate in all activities. The hierarchy depends on the husband's corresponding position.\"NWWA members are used to a hectic life with their husbands usually getting transferred every two-three years. \"Accommodation becomes a problem during transfers, and each time we have to start afresh,\" says Kaushalya.And in this on-going Navy Week celebrations, NWWA members have their hands full. At the Kalinga Naval Station, they are involved in over a dozen group activities. These include environment awareness activities through Prakriti group, while Ashirwad caters to the needs of senior citizens and Jagriti deals with educational needs of the underprivileged children. Sparsh or Outreach group reaches out to destitute women, orphans and the underprivileged among civilians in villages around the base.Sakhi is a counselling group for NWWA members, Sahara on the other hand deals with empowerment and rehabilitation of Navy widows and Arogya addresses health issues, including health cards for all women and compulsory medical check-ups.There's also Sankalp, a centre for the spastic and differently-abled children and Pragati Udyogika to help set up cottage industries and empower women with skills, even as Tarangini showcases cultural talents of NWWA women and Shilpika looks after artistic endeavours that eventually find a place in the NWWA shop.Lachmi Deb Roy, a lecturer and freelancer, feels NWWA offers the right platform for deep bonding and personal growth. \"Though frequent transfers can be disturbing, it makes one more adaptable and the community spirit widens ones perspective, social network and boosts confidence. When my husband was away for two years in a foreign country, I single-handedly brought up my little son while managing my job. In such difficult times, bonding with NWWA members through picnics, parties, community service keeps us fully engaged,\" she said.Talking about upcoming activities such as medical camps in nearby villages and opening of NWWA store, NWWA president Ragini Chopra, concludes, \"Life is hectic for the wives as well but it's good to see so many Navy wives coming forward to actively participate in the works of NWWA. There's a lot of talent that needs to be given the right exposure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17409815", "title": "Sugar firms fix price at Rs 2,500 per tonne of cane", "text": "BELGAUM: Shiv-Shakti Sugars and Doodh-Ganga Cooperative Sugar Factory in Chikkodi taluk on Tuesday announced Rs 2,500 per tonne for the high recovery breed sugarcane and Rs 2,400 for general breed.The state government is charging purchase tax of Rs 112 per tonne from factories. We will meet chief minister Jagadish Shettar during the legislative session seeking exemption of the purchase tax, Amit Kore, owner of the Doodh-Ganga factory, said.Rajya Sabha member and owner of Shiv-Shakti Sugars said Maharashtra government banned sugarcane coming to Karnataka factories from that state this year. But, the state government did not take any such step. Over 10 lakh tonnes of sugarcane goes to Maharashtra factories from border areas of the state every year, he said. Ashok Patil, chairman of the Karnataka State Cooperative Sugar Factories Federation, was present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17409100", "title": "Residents\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 forum demands clarity in rehab package", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Hardly a week after the state government reiterated its promise to complete the first phase of the land acquisition process for the Karamana-Kaliyikkavila national highway development by March, a forum of people set to lose their land and buildings has demanded more clarity on the compensation and rehabilitation package being offered.\"We have not been intimated about any rehabilitation package or compensation from the government even though we have received the 4(1) notification (for eviction) signed by the district collector. We request the government to take adequate measures to address our worries,\" said Karamana-Kalayikkavila Bhoomi Parpida Samrakshana Samithi chairman H A Noushad.The samithi members once again appealed to the government to reconsider its decision to develop the road into a 30.2-metre wide stretch. \"When the government widened most roads in the capital city the width was limited to 22 metres. Since a major portion of the Karamana-Kaliyilkkavila road falls under the city limits, the decision to widen the road into a 30.2-metre one is not justifiable. If the width of the road is limited to 22 metres, several houses and shops could be saved,\" Noushad said.The samithi members claimed that the state government was yet to set aside any fund for the Karamana-Kaliyikkavila road development and rehabilitation of affected parties.Meanwhile, the office of PWD minister V K Ebrahim Kunju said the government has allotted enough fund for the road development. \"We have already promised a fair deal to the evictees and other people being affected. Those who lose their land and buildings will be given the market value. Rs 300 crore has been set aside for the purpose,\" sources close to the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17408489", "title": "World carrom champion eyes Arjuna Award", "text": "PATNA: The mantra for success is to fall in love with one's work. Patna girl Rashmi Kumari has translated this saying into reality. She fell in love with carrom as a child and today she is the world champion, having won the title for a second time in early November in Colombo. On her visit to her family in Patna, the HR executive at ONGC in Delhi talked to Anisha Anand about her passion for carrom, her expectation of the Arjuna award, the title of a world champion and her future plans. Excerpts:When did you start playing carrom?A game like carrom begins at home and the same happened with me, But, gradually, I grew love for the game. In 1992, I played carrom for the first time at the district level and the next year itself I played at the junior national level. In 1994, for the first time I played at the senior national level.Why only carrom?My father, late Uday Prakash too played carrom. Though he never played on the state or national level, he was a very good player and was my mentor. Also, my brother Ranjan Prakash is a carrom player, so this game has become an integral part of me. I cannot live without carrom.What is your vision for carrom in Bihar ?There has been improvement in the sphere of sports in the state and sportsmen, including carrom players, have got jobs. But the problem is that players lack good coaching here. Also, once they are recruited, they quit playing. They need to be motivated to play the game with full dedication. Whenever I meet with young carrom players, I appeal to them to be loyal to the game and pursue it as their career.What are your expectations from the state government for yourself?The state government has been rewarding me with medals and money for a long time. It has always given me my due. Between 1998 and 2004, I had obtained a scholarship from the Union Bank of India for my education as well as for my visits to different places for playing carrom. I now expect that the state government would recommend my name for the Arjuna Award. They did it last year, but to my misfortune I could not send my form on time. I expect the government to recommend my name this year as well.In India the craze for outdoor games like cricket overshadows indoor games. What do you think?It was true some years back, but the success of Saina Nehwal , Mary Kom and Vijendar Singh at the Commonwealth Games and Olympics has changed the general perception for indoor games. Carrom is not included in the Commonwealth Games or Olympics now. But if everything goes well, we will soon have it in the Commonwealth Games, Asian Games and Olympics.How do people react when they learn that the title of world carrom champion has been won by a Bihari?People in Delhi treat me just like others as it hardly makes a difference whether the world champion is a Bihari or somebody else. Also, Bihar's development under Nitishji is being noted across the country and the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17407461", "title": "Liquor to become dearer", "text": "HYDERABAD: Liquor would become dearer in the state with chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy reportedly approving a proposal to hike the base price to be paid to the manufacturers. All aspects put together, tipplers would end up paying over Rs 12 or more for a 180 ml bottle of IMFL (Indian made foreign liquor).The price hike is expected to come in to being with immediate effect once it is announced. Excise commissioner Sameer Sharma said on Wednesday that the department has not yet received any memo to that effect, but revenue department officials said the price hike will take place in a day or two.According to the proposal, the basic price on the cheap liquor costing up to Rs 450 per case (12 bottles of 180 ml make a case) is to be hiked by 10%, while the medium liquor whose price ranges from Rs450 and Rs1000 is dearer by 7.5%. And a 7% hike is proposed on the basic price of premium liquor costing above Rs1000 per case.As the duties levied on liquor is five times that of the basic price, a consumer has to spend Rs 6 more on a bottle of 180ml of cheap liquor, while one would have to shell out Rs12 more on a 180ml bottle of medium and premium liquor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17407590", "title": "African tourists, especially Nigerians, are drug pushers: Police", "text": "MAPUSA: North Goa SP Vijay Singh recently said Nigerian tourists are drug peddlers and have shifted base from Anjuna to neighbouring places. He urged people to be careful while letting out rooms to Nigerian tourists.\" African tourists, especially Nigerians, are drug pushers. So you have to be very careful while letting out your premises,\" the North Goa SP said, while interacting with Anjuna locals.\"Drug peddling by Nigerians is a menace which we have to eliminate,\" Singh said, seeking people's support in anti-narcotics drives by police.Nigerian tourists have shifted from Anjuna to neighbouring places like Parra, Mapusa, Nagoa and Arpora the police official said. He also urged hoteliers and guesthouse owners to be careful while renting rooms to them.A number of clashes between locals and Nigerians have been reported at Anjuna in recent months. Sources said a local youth from Caisua died allegedly due to a drug overdose five months ago, from narcotics allegedly supplied by a Nigerian. Sources also said that the Nigerians have formed a group which has clashed with locals on several occasions.\"Nigerians have on many occasions assaulted and misbehaved with locals, we have booked about 25 Nigerians this year in various crimes,\" the SP said. \"Their modus operandi is simple. They hire a premises for 10-15 days to push drugs and keep changing their base to hoodwink the police,\" he added.Bustling nightlife on Anjuna beach, with night clubs and pubs, makes Anjuna an attractive place for party lovers and drug peddling, sources said.Many Nigerians have been found to overstay in the country without valid documents or with forged visas. Police sources said that when visas of Nigerians are about to expire, they pick up fights so that they are booked by police and so can continue staying in Goa pleading that they have to attend court proceedings in connection with the assault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "cuttack/bhubaneswar", "code": "17409114", "title": "All roads lead to Bali Yatra", "text": "CUTTACK/BHUBANESWAR: The historic Bali Yatra started in the city on Wednesday. It was inaugurated by chief minister Naveen Patnaik . He hailed the rich maritime heritage of Odisha and recalled the state's trade ties with Bali, Sumatra, Java and Sri Lanka at the function.Hundreds of people thronged the fair venue on the Mahanadi riverbed to get a feel of the state's rich art, craft and cuisine. Traders from Odisha and outside have set up around 1,300 stalls that are selling stone and bamboo household items like sila, chaki, kula, and tokei to latest electronic gadgets at the fair and on the paths leading to the ground. There were also stalls selling the famous dahi vada-alu dum and thunka puri that people look forward to savour at Bali Yatra.Elaborate police arrangements have also been made. This year, the administration is focusing on organising grand cultural programmes to highlight the rich culture of the state. It has also come up with a special pavilion for the differently-abled people for the first time this year. Besides, the local civic body has emphasized on observing a polythene-free festival and accordingly the traders have been strictly asked to avoid use of polythene bags, plastic cups, glasses and plates.The day also marked Kartik Purnima when people floated boats in different water bodies of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17409572", "title": "Decision on abortion by December-end", "text": "The Irish government is finally moving towards making changes in its tough abortion laws. This comes a month after Belgaum-origin Dr Savita Halappanavar died after she was refused termination of her pregnancy following a miscarriage in the University Hospital Galway on October 28.The government said it will take a decision before the year-end. On Tuesday, it published the report of an expert group appointed to provide options for dealing with the European Court of Human Rights judgment that pregnant Irish women need certainty about legal abortion rights in Ireland.The report, brought before the cabinet by minister for health James Reilly , sets out a number of options for the government \"to implement the European Court of Human Rights judgment ... and the requirements of the Constitution.\"The expert group was established to advise the government on how to respond to the court's decision in 2010 that Ireland had failed to properly implement the constitutional right to life of the mother set out by the Supreme Court in the 1992 'X' case.The four options outlined include 'non-statutory guidelines' and 'statutory regulations' on \"the provision of lawful termination of pregnancy by way of primary legislation to empower the minister for health to regulate the area by statutory instrument\".The third option is 'Legislation alone': \"Regulate the provision of lawful termination of pregnancy by way of primary legislation\"; and the fourth is 'Legislation plus regulations': \"Regulate the provision of lawful termination of pregnancy by way of primary legislation, with certain matters left to the minister for health to regulate by way of secondary legislation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17408219", "title": "Out-of-syllabus questions have students fuming", "text": "MUMBAI: Final-year engineering students, who appeared for the Digital Signal and Image Processing exam on Monday, have decided to write to university officials about the tough time they faced in answering the paper. Students have claimed that several questions were not from the textbooks they had referred to.By Wednesday evening, close to 5,000 computer science engineering students and those from information technology, who took the exam, have started a group on a social networking site and are feverishly posting comments on the way forward. In a letter, the seventh semester engineering students have posted on the site, they stated, \"There were several questions having sub parts, which students were not able to find in the textbooks set (prescribed) in accordance with your syllabus.\"However, on the same group, there are some students who said that nothing was out of the prescribed syllabus, but many felt so as the paper was rather \"tough and confusing\".What added to the students' misery is that there were a few errors in the paper and they were rectified only in the last 30-45 minutes. A parent who wrote to this paper said, \"Such a difficult question paper for final year students will cause damage beyond repair. Placements are going on. Students who have scored above 60% in all semesters fear an ATKT in this exam. Also, there were four corrections in the paper which were corrected in the last 45 minutes before the paper was to end.\"Most students are demanding that the university conduct a fresh exam. But university officials said they had discussed the same with the paper setter. \"We checked the paper and there is no problem yet. We received a query from one college, but that was settled,\" said controller of exams, Subhash Deo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "anakapalli", "code": "17408049", "title": "Ex-collector lands in caste certificate row", "text": "ANAKAPALLI: Controversies seem to follow former district collector Luv Agarwal. This time he is in the dock for alleged violation of the Constitution. A BC forum lodged a complaint against Agarwal with Anakapalli police on Wednesday alleging that he had abused his official as collector by issuing a circular to the tehsildars in the district ordering them to issue BC certificates to all members of the Kapu community.They said they were able to garner details of the circular through the Right to Information Act (RTI), following which they approached the police with a complaint to register a criminal case against the IAS officer.According to the 93 BC Communities United Forum district president, Gudala Satyanarayana, the former collector had issued a circular to all the tehsildars in the districts stating that the Kapu, Balija and Telaga communities should be included in BC caste list following which many tehsildars had allegedly issued BC certificates to persons from the Kapu community.He also alleged that though Agarwal had stated that he had issued the orders only after considering the requests of Kapu Seva Samkshema Sangham leader Narasimha Murthy and former district Congress committee president Thota Nagesh, the inclusion of any caste without the approval of a commission set up for the purpose was in gross violation of the Constitution.\"We have approached the high court and could get a stay to stop further issuance of BC certificates to the Kapu community. Only Turpu Kapu community people in the north coastal Andhra are considered to be BCs and not all the Kapus in the state,\" he said. When contacted, Anakapalli sub-inspector Malleswara Rao said he would bring it to the notice of the district SP and take action accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17407533", "title": "Three held in 2010 LB Nagar murder case", "text": "HYDERABAD: The LB Nagar police have cracked a 2010 murder case and arrested three persons, including a former woman naxalite. They also recovered 32 grams of gold from their possession.Police arrested B Saidamma, 38, a tailor of Meerpet, G Mallesh, 22, a private employee from Imbrahimpatnam and D Sanjeeva Reddy, 28, a petty businessman from Samsthan Narayanpur in Nalgonda district. According to police, Saidamma was a former People's War naxalite.On December 28, 2010, the trio along with their associate D Srinivas Reddy, from Nalgonda, had murdered 60-year-old Indrajith Kaur at her house in Balaji Nagar, Mansoorabad.\"The gang members gained entry into the victim's house by posing as people in need of a rented accommodation and then smothered her to death,\" deputy commissioner of police (DCP), LB Nagar, C Ravi Varma said. After murdering Indrajith Kaur, they stole gold and Rs 20,000 cash from the house. Based on an alert by the Special Operations Team of the Cyberabad police, the LB Nagar sleuths apprehended the trio from their houses on Tuesday. On interrogation, the gang members confessed to the crime and 32 grams of stolen gold items were recovered from their possession. Police produced the trio in court, which remanded them in judicial custody. However, Srinivas Reddy is absconding and a man-hunt has been launched to nab him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17408911", "title": "Bus conductor moves court against \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcforced\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 contribution", "text": "CHENNAI: A state transport corporation bus conductor has approached the Madras high court claiming that trade union leaders were taking their signatures by force, to make it appear as if the deduction from their Diwali bonus as union contribution was voluntary.Justice K Chandru, before whom the petition filed by the Nethaji Pokkuvarathu Thozhilalargal Pathukatppu Thozhil Sangam president M Anburaj came up for admission, has ordered notices to the transport department and various state transport corporations.According to R Y George Williams, counsel for Anburaj, the Madras high court had stayed deduction of union contribution and deduction of money from Diwali bonus to be paid as membership contribution to trade unions, in an order dated November 9.To circumvent the interim orders, drivers and conductors of transport corporation are now being forced to affix their signatures stating that the contribution was 'voluntary' and that he was not forced to part with the contribution.\"After the order of interim injunction against deduction of any amount from annual bonus, the union leaders, to escape from the contempt of court process, forcibly obtained written consent from the employees,\" Anburaj said in his petition.Though representations were given to the transport corporation authorities against the coercive collection of contribution no action has been taken against them so far, George Williams said. He wanted the court to declare the written letter obtained from transport corporation staff by unionists by force as null and void.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17408314", "title": "Arms peddler held, 11 weapons, 60 cartridges seized", "text": "JAIPUR: Unearthing yet another racket between the arms dealers of Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan, the Anti Terrorist squad (ATS) and Special Operation Group(SOG) have arrested an arms dealer and have seized 11 illegal weapons and 60 cartridges.Dr Alok Tripathi, ADG, ATS-SOG, said, \"Following tipoff from our informers in Madhya Pradesh we have arrested one Jumman Ali and have seized 10 countrymade pistol, one 12 bore pistol and 60 cartridges.\"According to Tripathi, the accused was arrested while he was planning to deliver this haul to the local arms dealer in Mandana village in Kota rural district of the state. \"We will interrogate him to find out his local contacts and possibly will make more arrests soon,\" said a senior officer with ATS-SOG. ATS and Kota police investigating various cases of ammunition haul suggested that three districts in Madhya Pradesh - Dhar, Khargone and Ujjain - have emerged as a major source of arms supply in the state.In recent seizures by the special operations group (SOG) in August and one each by Kota police and government railway police (GRP) in October has led the probe agencies to believe that the local gangs are getting arms through a new breed of weapon couriers from the neighboring state.\"A huge chain of smugglers is involved in arms supply rackets. After we arrested 3 men with 58 guns and about 175 cartridges on Oct 14, we came to know of several aspects associated with the trade,\" said a senior police officer of Kota district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17407365", "title": "Potbellied cops told to trim up", "text": "HYDERABAD: Potbellied-policemen have a herculean task on hand: they have now been asked trim their flab by at least a kilogram every month! Incidentally, over 50% of the 1.2 lakh police force in the state are estimated to be physically 'unfit'.During a recent review meeting, senior officers at the AP Police Headquarters (APPH) discovered that the police force, especially lower-rung civil police, were not only obese with high Body Mass Index (BMI), but also lack basic knowledge in criminal law. Shockingly, thousands of policemen, including inspectors, tipped the scales at over 100 kilograms, while the average weight was between 65 and 70 kilograms.\"A directive has been sent to all district superintendents of police to ensure police personnel are physically fit. All the obese policemen should shed at least one kilogram weight every month. And, their performance will be reviewed every month,'' a senior officer told TOI.The disciplined force has paid little attention to the girth of its personnel in the past few years. For starters, lower-rung personnel from constable up to assistant sub-inspector (ASI)-level officers would be put through the fat-burning regimen. Subsequently, it might be extended to other officers. However, the Indian Police Service (IPS) brigade has been spared the workout.Nearly, 1.2 lakh policemen across the state would have to sweat it out to reach the ideal BMI. In the city, the Hyderabad police have nearly 7,500 personnel up to the rank of inspector in its ranks, while in Cyberabad there are over 5,000 personnel.The fitness drill has already started in a few districts and it might be taken up in Hyderabad and Cyberabad commissionerates soon. \"With law and order issues cropping up continuously, Hyderabad and Cyberabad police force will hit the gym a little later,'' the sources added.Apart from grappling 'weighty' issues, these policemen would have to update their knowledge in basic criminal law and the AP Police manual. At the end of the grueling session, the men in khaki would have to take a physical and a written test under the supervision of an officer of an additional superintendent of police or above. \"In the first phase, constables, head constables and assistant sub-inspectors will undergo these tests and subsequently it will be extended up to inspectors,\" an officer at the APPH said.Times ViewPolice are now facing unprecedented challenges in the form of agitations and riots, but sadly the foot soldiers of the force seem to be ill-prepared for them. Policing has to be in sync with developments and the men in khaki must be a step ahead of the culprits, but our potbellied-policemen fail the basic fitness test. It is a positive move to cut flab and ensure police personnel are fighting fit. But while prescribing the fitness mantra to constables, police brass has spared the IPS officers. There should not be two yardsticks, at least in terms of fitness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17408429", "title": "Thousands savour \u00e2\u20ac\u02dclangar\u00e2\u20ac\u2122, offer prayers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Thousands of devotees lined up at gurdwaras across the city on Wednesday, to celebrate Gurpurb - the birth anniversary of Sikhism founder Guru Nanak Dev. Tight security arrangements were in place outside gurdwaras of sectors 34, 8, 19 in Chandigarh, Nada Sahib in Panchkula and Amb Sahib Gurdwara in Mohali, which saw huge number of people walking in all day long.Meanwhile, devotees had started coming to the holy shrines on Tuesday night itself, to avoid the rush and pay respects peacefully. In the evening elders lit candles and earthen lamps at the gurdwaras, while youngsters enjoyed bursting firecrackers.And irrespective of caste and religion, hundreds of devotees were served \"langar\" (community kitchens) at almost all the gurdwaras in Tricity, offering tea, bread, \"rusk\" along with \"dal\", \"roti\", rice, mix vegetables, \"kheer\" and \"jalebi\". Guru Nanak Dev was born in 1469 at Nankana Sahib (now in Pakistan's Punjab province) and founded Sikhism later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17408186", "title": "E-meters in all autos and taxis likely only by early next year", "text": "MUMBAI: You may have to wait till early next year for all autos and taxis to have e-meters.The state transport commissioner's office is likely to send a proposal to the state government based on certain suggestions made by auto and taxi unions. While taxi unions have demanded that the deadline to recalibrate meters (mainly replace mechanical meters with e-meters) be extended till January 15, representatives of auto unions, who met transport officials on Tuesday, have sought time till March 31 next year.Sources said transport commissioner V N More will forward the demands in the form of a proposal to the government by the end of the week. The government will then take a call on whether to give autos and taxis an extension of a few weeks or till January 15 or March 30.On Wednesday, while Andheri and Wadala RTO offices were closed due to a public holiday and therefore no recalibrations were done, officials from Tardeo RTO reported for duty and recalibrated e-meters in 187 taxis. The RTOs have also begun taking \"deterrent\" action against drivers who have failed to recalibrate e-meters. This is being done to compel drivers to rush for recalibrations. So far, 16 cabbies and five autorickshaw drivers have been booked.Said taxi union leader A L Quadros, \"We'll ensure that maximum cabs with e-meters are recalibrated by the next weekend.\" Auto union leader Shashank Rao said the March 31 deadline was \"feasible\". \"The transport department does not have the infrastructure to expedite the process of switching from mechanical to e-meters. Also, there is a manpower shortage at RTOs and new e-meters in the market.\"Meters of nearly 45% autos and 52% taxis remain to be recalibrated as per the new fares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407729", "title": "IOC issues fresh threat to ban IOA", "text": "NEW DELHI: The International Olympic Committee (IOC) on Wednesday renewed its threat to ban India over the election process concerning the Indian Olympic Association (IOA), a move which could make our athletes ineligible to take part in major international events.Even after the ban, the IOC could take a lenient view and allow the athletes to compete at the Olympics and Asian Games, but not under the Tricolour. The Indians would then be asked to compete under the Olympic flag as independent athletes.In a strongly-worded letter to IOA's working president Vijay Malhotra, the IOC director general Christophe de Kepper said that IOC would be seeking to suspend IOA in its executive committee meeting since it failed to give the international body a guarantee that it would be holding its December 5 elections on the basis of the Olympic Charter and the IOA's constitution.\"It is hereby confirmed that a proposal for suspension of the IOA will be presented to the IOC executive board at its next meeting on December 4-5, 2012,\" de Kepper said in the letter, a copy of which was sent to Randhir Singh , IOC's member in India.Incidentally, Randhir had filed his nomination for the post of IOA's president but withdrew it following IOC's threat to IOA.IOC has banned countries in the past on the premise of violating the Olympic charter. It banned South Africa in 1964 over apartheid and Afghanistan in 1999 when the country was taken over by Taliban . In both cases, the country's athletes were not allowed to take part in the Olympics.Kuwait , which like India was accused of government interference in the Olympic movement, reportedly amended its sports law following IOC threats.Taking a dig at India's sports ministry and IOA, the IOC letter said that the current issue could not be resolved despite efforts from the IOC \"due to the regrettable lack of cooperation from the IOA and the government authorities\".Wednesday's IOC letter has asked IOA to explain its position in writing before November 30. De Kepper also ruled out sending a delegation to India. Malhotra, in a letter on November 26, had asked IOC to send a delegation to hold discussions and oversee the elections.Meanwhile, rattled by the development, the IOA officials on Wednesday decided to send a delegation to Lausanne to \"apprise the IOC bosses\" of the situation prevailing in India.IOA is conducting its elections as per the Delhi high court orders which asked it to follow the government Sports Code as well as IOA's constitution. IOA has appointed a three-member election commission to oversee the polls. IOA officials said the IOC's stand was baffling in the light of the fact that the Sports Code has been formulated keeping the IOC charter in mind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407400", "title": "Orphans find it hard to get documents for nursery admissions in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Satpal Kumar can get a four-year-old who lost both parents a year ago into school, if he can get some authority to \"certify\" the boy as an orphan. He approached the local SDM for a certificate but didn't get one. With nursery admissions set to start within weeks, those attempting to get documentation in order for orphans are finding themselves in a fix.Orphans have been included in \"disadvantaged groups\" in the EWS category for the first time and their applications have to be supported by certificates from the department of Women and Child Development saying they are orphans. Except activists working with children say WCD doesn't issue such certificates.\"Even the Child Welfare Committees don't issue 'orphan certificates'. Complete, known orphans - both of whose parents are dead - are rare. Under the Juvenile Justice Act, missing or abandoned children are produced before the CWCs. If, after search and publishing of photos, no one claims the child, we give 'abandonment certificates',\" says Ajay Singh, chairperson, CWC, Dilshad Garden.\"Even to ascertain whether a child is an orphan or abandoned, CWCs will have to step in,\" says Singh. The usual batch of documents don't work for orphans. \"He doesn't have any parents and so there are no income certificates,\" says Kumar. The boy he is trying to admit into school lives with his grandmother in Rohini and Kumar had approached lawyer Khagesh Jha for help. In the absence of parents, the guardian's income counts.\"But the case of many orphans is that their guardians are institutions with a lot of money, thereby, making the children ineligible for any benefit,\" says Jha. It was to solve this problem that that certification from WCD was devised except they don't directly deal with children anymore.\"You need a tremendous amount of paperwork,\" says Meenakshi Kohli of the NGO Udayan Care which runs homes for children above six. \"We are unable to avail the 25% EWS quota,\" she says, \"Schools sometimes give us waivers on humanitarian grounds but under the EWS, the lottery system has made it more difficult.\" She says all children come to them through CWCs.\"The department will have to work out a procedure, some mechanism by which these children can be certified,\" says Amit Singla, director, education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17409581", "title": "Case against top sleuth goes to cops", "text": "BANGALORE: The Bangalore Metropolitan Task Force (BMTF) which had registered a case of alleged intimidation and threat against state intelligence chief Gopal Hosur and his three inspectors, transferred it to the Upparpet police on Wednesday.A social activist, Dinesh Kallahalli, complained to the BMTF that he was intimidated and threatened to withdraw a case against law minister S Suresh Kumar and some BJP functionaries for their alleged involvement in a denotification case. The denotificaton pertains to four acres and two guntas of land that was acquired by Slum Clearance Board in survey No. 19/2 of Laggere in 1998 for building houses for the poor.In his complaint to BMTF, he stated that he was intimidated through mobiles by three inspectors identified as Siddappa, Shiva Kumar and Ramesh, all working under Gopal Hosur. \"As the matter is not under our jurisdiction, we were compelled to transfer the case to Upparpet police. The incident, according to Dinesh, occurred in Gandhinagar area, which falls under Upparpet police,\" said a senior BMTF officer.\"As the case comes under SC and ST (Prevention of Atrocities) Act, the case has to be investigated by an officer not below the rank of deputy superintendent of police or ACP. The Chickpet ACP has been entrusted with the investigation ,\" a senior police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17409161", "title": "No work &amp; all pay for state civil aviation staff", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: At a time when the aviation sector in the state is seeing a flurry of activities and the Biju Patnaik airport is set to get the coveted international status, the state civil aviation department has no work to do. For the last five years, it is a sinecure where employees enjoy pay without work.The state government owned two aeroplanes, one eight-seater and another five-seater. While the eight-seater plane was sold off for Rs 5 crore in 2006, the smaller one was sold in 2007 for Rs one crore, both on the recommendations of the Director General of Civil Aviation ( DGCA), for being 'unfit to fly'. Since then, the department has no work except coordinating sporadic operations of some helicopters on its hanger, sources said.The department may have reduced the number of employees after the sale of planes, but it costs around Rs 5 lakh to state exchequer every month to pay salary to the existing 25 employees, who are posted at the aviation directorate near the Biju Patnaik airport.\"We had 42 employees earlier but after the sale of planes, we absorbed five employees in the general administration ( GA) department in the secretariat. Meanwhile, some employees have retired and some have been transferred elsewhere. Now we have 25 employees. We have also stopped further recruitment,\" said Muralidhar Palai, additional secretary (GA), who handles the additional charge of the director of civil aviation. Till 2008, a senior pilot used to be the director of civil aviation.The 42 employees looked after aircraft maintenance, traffic coordination and other duties. The aeroplanes were being used by the chief minister, other cabinet ministers and top officials. They were also used for movement of VIPs within the state.\"After the sale of the state-owned planes, the employees coordinate operation of helicopters, which are used in anti-insurgency operations and VIP movements. Except checking fitness and doing some routine cleaning work, they have no other work.\" said Sudhir Dey, an officer on special duty. Their workload got further reduced when the Airport Authority of India put restriction on flying activities of government aviation training institutes (GATI) in January this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17408738", "title": "Protesters demand free and quality education for all", "text": "NASHIK: Members of the Akhil Bharatiya Samajwadi Adhyapak Sabha, Nashik, had organized a protest at Hutatma Smarak, opposite the district court on Wednesday to demand free, equal, and quality education from pre-primary to higher education.A procession was taken out from Hutatma Smarak to Ambdekar Statue at CBS , M G Road and to the district collector's office. A group courted arrest.\"Education is the primary responsibility of the government. The government should provide education from pre-primary to higher education to all irrespective of caste or religion. With more emphasis on government and government aided schools, we are demanding that the expenditure of the gross domestic product for education be increased from three per cent to eight per cent. We are also asking for the government to revert to the earlier Right to Education clause wherein education was free for all from the age group of 3-13 years. Recently, the government changed it to free education for 6-13 years. But pre-primary education is also important and the education of those less than six years is also the responsibility of the government,\" said Milind Wagh of FACE.They have also demanded basic facilities in municipal corporation schools and that the elected representatives should pay attention to increase the quality of education in these schools.Senior freedom fighter Vasant Hudlikar, Ramdas Bhand president of the Nashik branch of Akhil Bharatiya Samajwadi Adhyapak Sabha, Ram Gayate, Janata Dal President Eknath Yeole, Shantaram Patade Patil of Socialist Party Nashik, Mukund Dixit and Milind Wagh of Forum Against Commercialisation of Education and Arun Donde of Chhatrabharati and many volunteers participated in the satyagraha. Twenty of them courted arrest after the rally at the Sarkarwada Police Station who arrested them under the Bombay Police Act 1968 and later released them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17408344", "title": "Exam date 12-12-12 creates a stir at Panjab University", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It may come across as a magical number, but 12-12-12 has failed to charm a section of Panjab University senators. With postgraduate semester exams beginning on the day, the date has created a stir and become a bone of contention between some senators and PU examination branch.A few days after a college faculty member sent a mail to vice-chancellor Arun Grover, requesting him to reschedule the exams, the senators have joined the chorus. A senior faculty member of Post-graduate Government College for Girls (PGGCG), Sector 42, said, \"As several weddings will be solemnized on 12-12-12, both students and teachers will be busy attending these.\"The reason has, however, been rubbished by the PU controller of examination (CoE) and senior administrative functionaries. \"There was an appeal by a few senate members... but such reasons are insufficient and awkward to postpone exams. The date-sheet will remain the same for all exams,\" said CoE A K Bhandari. College teachers stressed the \"date-sheet was fixed without taking into consideration the schedule in colleges\". A college faculty member said, \"With this schedule, we will have to invigilate the exams even during our winter vacations.\" \"We have been requesting the PU authorities since a year to consult us before taking important decisions,\" said Dilip Kumar, a faculty member at PGGCG-42.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17407874", "title": "'Dowry demanded through SMS'", "text": "BHOPAL: The dowry demand by the IAS officer on probation and his family was allegedly made through an SMS, the police said, a day after registering a dowry case against the officer on the complaint of additional director general (ADG) Swarn Singh's wife.The case is being investigated by the Habibganj police. Police said the charges levelled against the probationary IAS officer, Harjinder Singh, who is posted in Hoshangabad, and whose family is based in Chandigarh, are being corroborated. Meanwhile, a police officer was also sent to Hoshangabad on Wednesday to question the accused however, he returned clueless. A police team would again go to Hoshangabad on Thursday, the officers added.Their daughter's marriage was fixed in the month of April after which the dowry demand allegedly running in crore was made. It has come to notice that the family of the complainant had received an SMS demanding dowry, said town inspector, SK Damle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17410063", "title": "Kite flies off after snatching purse with cellphone", "text": "KOLKATA: Another snatching in Kolkata, but this time it's not bikers the police are looking for. A kite swooped down on a woman and flew off with her purse in Kalighat on Wednesday.The victim trooped to Kalighat police station and filed a complaint, leaving the cops a little lost for answers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and suspects.Swapna Das was walking along Harish Chatterjee Street. In her left hand was a black purse. She usually grips it tightly, but on a sparsely crowded street, she felt she be a little casual.Suddenly, she felt a jerk and saw her purse flying away, gripped in the talons of a kite. After taking two seconds to realize it wasn't a dream, she screamed. Local youths had also seen the snatch and chased the bird.She asked a youth to call her number. \"The kite may be surprised by the ringtone and drop the bag,\" she said. But it didn't work.Another youth offered to keep an eye on the kite and directed the chasers. \"When I saw the kite perched on a water tank, I thought it would leave it there. Some youths clambered up but just when they were about to reach for the purse, a bigger kite appeared, scared off the first one and flew off with my purse,\" Das recounted.\"It had Rs 500, some ornaments and my cellphone,\" she said. She and the youths kept scanning the sky for the next two hours but in vain.\"In all my service, I have never heard of a snatching incident as weird as this. Kites often target food, particularly meat but this is the first time that a purse has been stolen by a bird. We went to the spot and did an inquiry. Eye witnesses corroborated the incident,\" said an officer of Kalighat police station.\"Since the purse was taken by force, it was a case of snatching. However, there is no provision in Indian Penal Code to register a case against a bird. So we registered a missing diary,\" said an officer.Das said she had asked the youths to ring her cellphone when the first kite had snatched it, hoping the ring would scare the bird and it would drop the bag. But, that didn't work.I tried the number several times later as well. The phone rang till evening after which it got switched off,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17408142", "title": "Maharashtra irrigation paper mum on role of officials, politicians: Report", "text": "MUMBAI: The much-awaited white paper on Maharashtra's irrigation projects is finally complete, but the report is believed to be a mere data compilation of projects executed in the past decade.Officials said it will not be a critique of the functioning of the state water resources department. The report may just give a nominal policy direction, which will reiterate the recommendations of a 2001 high-powered committee on prioritization of irrigation projects in the state. The white paper could be placed before the state cabinet on Thursday evening.The report has nothing to say about the ministers and babus involved in the irrigation scam, which is estimated to be in the region of Rs 35,000 crore. \"The white paper does not cover the most crucial aspects like exorbitant tender rates, arbitrary change of design, wrong alignment of canals and examining contradictory claims made by the department,\" said an official. Neither does it explain why construction costs in Maharashtra are probably the highest in the country. The report is believed to have justified the cost escalations on the pretext of increasing land acquisition and rehabilitation costs.The paper only gives the latest update of projects in Vidarbha, Konkan, Marathwada, northern and western Maharashtra, but does not touch upon the irregularities and alleged corruption in the award of multi-crore contracts. \"One can call it window dressing and a face saver for the ruling coalition,\" said another official.The document claims the area under irrigation increased by 12.47 lakh hectare or nearly 5.5 to 6% in the last 10 years. The overall cropped irrigation area (considering other irrigation schemes too) rose to 28% by 2010 from 17.8% in 2001. However, the state economic survey report, said this figure increased by a mere 0.1% to 17.9% in 2010.The paper is believed to have put the onus for cost escalations on elected representatives, especially MLAs, who demanded that the scope of projects in their constituencies be increased. In case of Kondhane dam in Raigad district, the dam's height, restricted to 39 m when bids were invited, was almost doubled to 71 m. The Konkan Irrigation Development Corporation justified the increase, saying a local elected representative had wanted more water to be stored in the dam.While the NCP is keen to use the document to prepare grounds for former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar's comeback, the Congress is keen to ensure that the exercise is carried out in a manner that does not bring any loss of face to it.The white paper was first announced by the CM last May following TOI reports on astronomical cost escalations in Balganga and Kondhane projects in Raigad district. A series of exposes in this newspaper on corruption and malpractices in the irrigation department led to Pawar's resignation in September.Sources said the alleged irregularities commenced during the Shiv Sena-BJP regime in the late 90s when large irrigation projects were awarded in western Maharashtra to politically-connected contractors, who are now billionaires.For instance, the Nira Deoghar project in Pune district was initiated in 1984 at a cost of Rs 61 crore, but later revised to Rs 910 crore. The target irrigation was set at 43,050 hectares. But only 203 hectares have come under irrigation so far and a potential of 2,117 hectares had been created till 2011. This is despite spending Rs 585 crore. \"It is scandalous that 50% of the money was disbursed to contractors, although less than 1% of land has come under irrigation and 5% of irrigation potential has been created,\" said a source.The CM has indicated that his focus would be on completion of projects where 75% work is complete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17408856", "title": "Women name constable in 7 lakh fraud", "text": "CHENNAI: A group of women have lodged a complaint with the Chennai city police commissioner against a head constable attached to Mambalam police station, stating that he had cheated them of more than 7 lakh by getting them to invest in a chit fund.The complainants alleged that Raja had collected between 50,000 and 5 lakh from depositors in Pallavaram, Chromepet, Pammal, Thiruneermalai and Alapakkam.Rajakumari, one of the complainants, said depositors had invested money in the chit fund run by the head constable for three successive years. Raja and his wife, Annakodi, who stay in Agneeswaran Colony, solicited investments for a Diwali chit fund every year, starting a few months before the festival.A police officer said the couple told depositors that they could deposit between 25,000 and 5 lakh and bigger investments would earn higher rates of interest. The offers and schemes would vary accordingly.\"They promised depositors depending on the number of people joining the chit fund. On Diwali, they assured the investors, they would give them the equivalent of their deposits and interest in gold coins and crackers,\" the officer said.Rajakumari said the head constable and his wife had kept their word the first two years, paying depositors in gold coins. \"They refused to give us gold coins this time, claiming that the huge increase in the price of gold would cause them losses,\" she said. \"They promised to give us our investments and interest in cash instead.\"\"Raja and his wife had not paid any of the depositors as yet,\" she said. \"They have started avoiding us.\"Another complainant, Mallika, said depositors trusted the couple because Raja was a policeman. \"They are now refusing to answer our questions or offer any explanation for not giving us our money,\" she said.This is the second complaint against a policeman in the city this week. Police on Sunday arrested an Armed Reserve constable, Mahesh, in Kodungaiyur for helping an associate sell jewellery that he robbed. Mahesh and Chellappan sold the loot to several pawnbrokers in the city. Mahesh and Chellappan divided the booty between themselves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17409062", "title": "Waste yard makes way for stadium", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The first stadium to be owned and operated by the city corporation at Vallakkadavu will be officially inaugurated on Friday. The stadium, designed for hosting football matches, spreads over an area of 18,000 sq feet and has been completed at a cost of Rs 10 lakh.With two days to go for inauguration, Shajida Nazar, chairperson of development standing committee and Vallakkadavu councillor along with the work contractor Raveendran is busy giving final touches to the ambitious project. Over the last few months, Raveendran and his team of labourers have been laying a bed of grass on what was once an uneven, abandoned plot of land.\"This was once a waste dumping yard,\" said Shajida while watching the labourers diligently painting the gallery and the side wall of the stadium. Before the centralized waste treatment plant came up at Vilappilsala, this wide acreage at Vallakadavu was a sprawling heap of trash. Even people from nearby wards would take this as a waste yard and dump the trash at this place.Although the place was relieved of the stinky heaps later, the closure of waste treatment plant again meant doom for the site. Last year the corporation had spent close to Rs 3 lakh for levelling the land. When the waste plant was closed down, garbage again returned to Vallakadavu ground.The presence of abundant sporting talent at Vallakadavu and lack of a playground for them, prompted Shajida to draw up a proposal for converting the land into a playground. It took three months to level the land before it could be prepared for laying the grass. Separate layers of gravel earth and red earth were spread on this levelled ground. A bed of moist coconut fibre was laid on the top of which grass was grown.\"Scarcity of water was a major problem when it came to watering the growing grass. However, the neighbouring households have been really helpful,\" said Raveendran. The stadium, which has already got sodium vapour lamps on all sides, will now be equipped with side-nets, sprinklers and a spacious dressing room for the players.The corporation has decided not to rent out the stadium for any other function other than sports. \"This is one of our important projects. It will be completely reserved for hosting sporting events,\" said chairman of work standing committee V S Padmakumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17409514", "title": "18-year-old found dead on railway tracks", "text": "BANGALORE: A first year BSc student from KLE College, Rajajinagar, was found dead on the Nayandanahalli railway track late on Tuesday . The youth was identified as Lohit Venkatesh, 18, a resident of Pattegarapalya in Kamakshipalya.While railway police suspect it to be a case of suicide, Lohit's father, Venkatesh, allege that his son was murdered . \"My son was well behaved and doing good academically . He had no issues. Why would he commit suicide ? Someone must have killed him,\" he said.Police said the wounds on Lohit's body indicated he died of the impact he suffered after being hit by a train. \"There are severe injuries on his head, back and stomach. We will wait for the autopsy report,\" police said. Lohit is survived by his father, Venkatesh, a KEB employee ; mother Thimmamma and a younger sister.Lohit had skipped his internal exams on Tuesday. \"He did not appear for the mathematics paper,\" said Suresh C Hegadi, principal, KLE College.Family members said that Lohit had left his mobile phone at home and his sister answered his classmates ' calls. She was surprised to hear from them that her brother had skipped the exam.According to Venkatesh, Lohit called home around 6pm on Tuesday, asking whether any of his friends had called on his cellphone. \"My wife asked him why he skipped paper,\" Venkatesh said. Lohit disconnected the phone, saying he will return home by night. \"When he failed to turn up, we called his friends. But no one had any idea where he was,\" Venkatesh said.'A bright kid'A classmate of Lohit said, \"He completed PU from Basavanagudi National College with 79%. He was the only one to score 100 out of 100 in computer science in our last internal exam. But he thought he was dull in Maths and was always worried about that.\"\"We are shocked at what has happened. He was studious and well-behaved ,\" said Suresh C Hegadi, principal, KLE College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17409962", "title": "8 students get merit scholarships", "text": "MYSORE: Eight students of the National Institute of Engineering were awarded with NIE-Meritor scholarships.The award was instituted by Meritor HVS (India) Limited to encourage students of mechanical engineering and industrial &amp; production engineering to make a career in automotive field.Raghunathan, senior vice president and executive director, Meritor HVS (India) Limited, lauded NIE for its contribution towards building technology leaders and creating excellent infrastructure to provide high quality education. The awardees: V semester: GR Prasad and Aashish V Bhat , Abhishek R Shetty and Bindu Veerappa . VI semester: TN Srikantadatta and Prajwal, Karthik K and Abhishek HR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17408929", "title": "British media norms must change: PM", "text": "LONDON: The current British media regulation regime was \"unacceptable\" and \"needs to change\", Prime Minister David Cameron said on Wednesday, as he received a judicial report into press standards following the phone- hacking scandal involving Rupert Murdoch's tabloid.\"The status quo, I would argue, does not just need updating - the status quo is unacceptable and needs to change,\" Cameron said while receiving the Leveson report. \"This government set up Leveson because of unacceptable practices in parts of the media and a failed regulatory system,\" he said. Cameron set up the inquiry last year after it emerged that journalists at the now-defunct News of the World tabloid had hacked the phone of Milly Dowler, a murdered schoolgirl.Cameron's comments come amid reports of a split in the ruling coalition over the level of regulation and after more than 80 MPs and peers urged Leveson not to recommend a new law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17407531", "title": "Government schemes boost milk production", "text": "PANAJI: Local milk production in Goa has shown a sharp rise in recent times such that the Goa milk union, which used to process about 36,000 litres per day in July 2012, processed 48,000 litres per day in November.Director of animal husbandry and veterinary services (AHVS) Dr B Braganza told TOI that milk processed by the Goa milk union is expected to reach 60,000 litres per day in another two months.Braganza attributes the jump in local milk production to the impetus that the new government is giving to this sector. \"The increase is because the farmers have started procuring animals under the revised Kamdhenu scheme. With the milk incentive being 40%, farmers are motivated to produce more as they get good remuneration for their milk,\" Braganza said.Braganza explained that the earlier Kamdhenu scheme had many deficiencies. Earlier the subsidy portion was only 8000 per animal, now it is 36,000 per animal; the farmer could buy only 10 animals before, now the farmer can buy unlimited number of animals.Five major schemes by the new government are responsible for the change, Braganza said. Under the Kamdhenu scheme, the government gives a subsidy for the purchase of crossbred animals or improved she-buffaloes, wherein 75% of the cost of the animal (limited to 40,000 value of the animal) is given to the farmer immediately on purchase of the animal.There is also the Pashupalan scheme to rear calves so that they get adapted to the Goan environment. Under another scheme, the government gives 40% subsidy on quantum of milk produced and given to the Goa milk union based on the quality of the milk. There is a scheme for production of green fodder and the dairy equipment scheme which gives 75% subsidy for the purchase of milking machines.Besides, the AHVS department is recruiting 24 new doctors so that it can give round-the-clock veterinary services like treatment, artificial insemination, vaccination, etc.The government has established that 70% of the milk produced in Goa is limited to 38 villages in the talukas of Pernem, Sattari, Quepem, Canacona, Sanguem and Ponda. The government has designated these 38 villages as Doodh Grams and is considering better support to these villages.Goa's daily milk requirement is about 4 lakh to 4.5 lakh litres. But Goa's production never crossed 60,000 litres per day in the last three years.Considering the recent production figures, Braganza said, \"At the rate we are going and the way the government is encouraging this sector, we will be able to produce at least 50% of the state's milk requirement in a few years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17409897", "title": "Rajbhasha diwas to be observed on Nov 28: Raman Singh", "text": "RAIPUR: Chief minister Raman Singh on Wednesday announced that the state would observe 'Chhattisgarhi' Rajbhasha diwas\u00e2\u20ac\u201dofficial language day- on November 28 every year.Addressing a programme at R D Tiwari School, Singh said that the day would be observed all across the state from next year. He said that it was November 28, 2007 when Chhattisgarhi was given a status of the state language in the Vidhan sabha. \"Therefore, this date would be observed as a special day,\" CM said.CM felicitated the family of Manu Nayak, director of first film on Chhattisgarhi language, and famous poet Late Hemnath Yadu, for their contribution in recognition of the local dialect.\"Efforts are being made to use the language in the day to day conversation. Eventually, it would be added to the primary education and as a subject of research,\" Singh said.Minister for tourism, Brijmohan Agrawal, agriculture minister Chadrashekhar Sahu, state Rajbhasha Aayog president Daneshwar Sharma were also present.Principals of several English medium schools, famous litterateurs also participated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17408948", "title": "Sacked in Sweden, engineer, 30, ends life in Chennai river", "text": "CHENNAI: A software engineer laid off by his company after being posted in Sweden committed suicide by jumping into Kosasthalaiyar River near Karanodai Bridge in the north of the city on Tuesday.Police said 30-year-old K Ramachandran had been employed in the Swedish branch of an IT company based in Chennai for a year and a half.Police said Ramachandran returned to Chennai on November 25. He told his parents that he was going for a haircut on Tuesday and did not return. The family lodged a complaint with police. The same day, policemen found his body floating in the river. Police informed his family and sent the body for postmortem.Investigators said they found some cash, an identification card and a driving licence in Ramachandran's trousers, but no suicide note. The family told police that the techie had been depressed because he faced too much pressure at work. Ramachandran's colleagues informed police that the company had fired him.\"He had discussed his problems at work with his family,\" an investigating officer said. \"His relatives said he had been withdrawn after returning from Sweden.\"Ramachandran's friends told investigators that even before he was sacked he had told them that he was having a difficult time at work and wanted to return home for good. His colleagues said the company was not happy with his work and had asked him to leave.Police, who registered a case of mysterious death, said there were no injury marks on Ramachandran's body. The body has been sent to Chromepet General Hospital for autopsy. \"Though he discussed his problems at work with his family members, they did not know that he had lost his job,\" the officer said.This is the third instance of a techie committing suicide this year. Ramalakshmi, a 25-year-old senior analyst in a city firm checked into a hotel on GST Road on May 18 and killed herself with an overdose of sleeping pills. On November 6, R Nalini, 36, leaped to her death from the top floor of her office building in the Madras Export Processing Zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17407959", "title": "IIM-Indore annual fest 'Utsah' ends", "text": "INDORE: The fifth annual three-day rural marketing event 'Utsah' - an initiative of the Indian Institute of Management - Indore (IIM-I) concluded on Wednesday with students collecting data about the aspirations of people living in rural areas in the market. The students conducted a survey for banking, telecommunication and FMCG companies who had chipped in for the three-day event scheduled at Janapav Kuti village near Indore. The six companies were HUL , Vodafone, Eco-financial, D-lite, NIBM and Mart.The organising committee of Utsah has said that for each project, we have conducted a survey of 250 respondents to know their views. The projects were to conduct survey of rural people, their preferences of detergents, ATM usage and how it could be enhanced in rural areas, value-added services and kinds of stoves they would like to purchase.Now, the students will make a comprehensive report about the findings and will submit it to the respective companies. The students are likely to make presentation before the management of the industry professionals in the days to come. The industries have declared December 10 as the last date to complete the given projects.Anurag Gupta, one of the participants at the institute, said, \"We had organised different types of engaging games for villagers and try to gauge their mindset and purchasing behaviour. 'Utsah' often comes out with interesting findings, which will be out as soon as we compile the data.\" To complete the survey six participants from first and second year of the MBA programmes had participated in the event while 20 each were given role to organise games and quizzes for the people in the villages, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407596", "title": "Ponty Chadha's brother Hardeep may have died of shot from Namdhari\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s .30-bore pistol", "text": "NEW DELHI: Liquor baron Ponty Chadha's brother Hardeep most likely died of a bullet fired from Sukhdev Singh Namdhari's .30-bore pistol during their November 17 shootout. The bullet that lodged in the bonnet of Ponty's Land Cruiser was also fired by Namdhari, sacked chairman of Uttarakhand's minorities commission, and his gunman could not have fired at Hardeep from his position. Investigators are now going by this theory after reconstructing the scene of crime and questioning the witnesses afresh.Police on Wednesday interrogated Namdhari, his gunman Sachin Tyagi and 11 other people, including witnesses, to establish how Hardeep's.32-bore pistol broke. The crime branch will seek Namdhari's custody in the case of murder on Thursday. So far, he has been on remand in the case of trespass at the Chadhas' Chhatarpur farmhouse.Officials said Namdhari and Tyagi told them that Hardeep fired from his .32-bore pistol at Ponty's security manager Narender Ahlawat but then his magazine jammed. After that, he hit Narender with the pistol, and possibly broke it. He finally fired at Ponty from his .30-bore weapon before getting shot.However, a source said that this account of Hardeep's pistol getting jammed and then breaking upon striking Ahlawat seems concocted. As per this account, Hardeep continued firing from his .30-bore pistol, first at Ahlawat, then missing and hitting the gate, and finally turning upon Ponty. Crime branch officials said they won't rely on Namdhari's latest claims unless ballistic reports corroborate these. A source said the broken pistol falsified the accused's entire previous narrative.\"We are concentrating on collecting evidence that will help us get police remand of Namdhari in the case of murder, at least for the next five days, as we need to question him several more times. We may also put him through a lie-detector test. We will take him to the murder spot and record his version of events. His evidence will be crucial in catching his henchmen, including a don from Rudrapur who has served a life sentence for being involved in the assassination of former Punjab CM Beant Singh and was reportedly present at the farmhouse at the time of the incident,'' said the source.Harsh weather and unfamiliar terrain in Uttarakhand are making the crime branch's task of catching Namdhari's aides difficult. Police refused to confirm if they had detained Jahangir, who is suspected to have tampered with Namdhari's weapon. They plan to contact an ADG-level officer in UP to ascertain how the Chadha family got seven arms licenses in one go.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17408041", "title": "Disabled professor reinstated by Maharishi Dayanand University", "text": "ROHTAK: A professor who has been disabled and bedridden was reinstated by Maharishi Dayanand University (MDU) after he was given voluntary retirement allegedly by the university officials who forced his thump impression on blank papers. Dr Virender Malik, 50, professor of management studies, is suffering from motor neuron disease and was given the voluntary retirement under VRS scheme on October 10.Malik's wife Vandana had alleged that his thumb impressions were taken at a time when no other family member was present at home. She had even complained to the police against the vice-chancellor, his OSD and three others charging them with cheating, forgery and house trespass.When contacted, MDU vice-chancellor R P Hooda said: \"The varsity shall refer his case to the state government for examination and would act according to directions,\" he said, adding that an emergency meeting of the executive council (EC) was called on Tuesday, which took this decision.\"Malik's status has been reverted to that on October 11, a day before the previous EC meeting. A committee has been set up to discuss his case and the report will be submitted to the state government regarding release of the salary and other benefits,\" said Hooda.The vice-chancellor claimed that the professor had never submitted his medical certificate to the varsity to get immunity from taking classes or getting medical help according to procedure, but continued to draw salary. \"There have been procedural lapses. The committee will look into all aspects of his case,\" he said.Malik's wife Vandana said that that he had worked as a teacher in the institute of management studies and research of MDU for 26 years. \"My husband had been taking classes till May when he became completely disabled with little muscle movement, balance and vision. He was declared 100% disabled by the doctors on May 23 and had sent a request to the VC to allow him to continue service according to provisions of the Disability Act,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17407869", "title": "Four-pronged plan to tackle hyacinth", "text": "PUNE: A fortnight after the city municipal corporation started removing the thick layer of water hyacinth on Katraj lake, the water in the water body has finally become visible. On Wednesday, the 30-acre lake looked cleaner than it has in the recent past even as officials said that they were now considering the use of water hyacinth commercially.Earlier this month, several fish were found dead in the lake, which is located in the Rajiv Gandhi Zoological Park and officials suspected the deaths were due to the thick water hyacinth cover. Now, the Pune Municipal Corporation is working out a strategy aimed at not just reducing impurities in the lake water but also making some revenue out of the whole exercise. A retired scientist from the National Chemical Laboratory here is assisting the civic administration in the operation.Pramod Moghe, a retired senior scientist from NCL, said, \"In the days to come, a four-pronged strategy namely, mechanical, biological, chemical and commercial utilization of hyacinth, will be adopted to deal with the problem.\" The strategy is at a primary level and right now, I am preparing a report relating to technical analysis of the project,\" he added.Moghe said the process will ensure that the removal of hyacinth becomes 'productive'. It will aim at multiple benefits like scientific removal of hyacinth and reduction of water pollution.PMC officials said more than three tonnes of water hyacinth and dead fish had been removed from the lake in the last fortnight. The departments of garden and health along with the fire brigade are cleaning the lake. Over 50 workers, many from the civic body, are cleaning it with the help of two motorized boats.Moghe, a former head of process development division at NCL, said water hyacinth can be used for commercial purposes. It has anti-cancer compounds, odour-controlling properties and compounds that can be developed as a colouring agent. If these agents can be extracted on a commercial scale, then, entrepreneurs can use hyacinth as a source of commercial activity, he added.The water samples collected from the lake had been tested by PMC and the results indicated low levels of dissolved oxygen that officials attribute to both water hyacinth as well as the low level of water, owing to poor rainfall this year.Four aerators have now been installed in the lake to recycle water and increase the oxygen level. Besides, the PMC has deployed extra machinery and manpower to remove the dead fish and clean the lake to prevent breeding of mosquitoes.\"Sewage coming from nearby areas is getting mixed in the lake water. Besides, pollutants from activities like washing clothes and vehicles are also released in the lake. There are chances that phosphates and chemicals are present in the water,\" a senior PMC official said.\"Samples of lake water have also been sent to the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board for analysis. The reports are expected soon. Once the results of these samples are received, we will know whether any chemical impurities are present in the lake water,\" said Mangesh Dighe, environment officer, PMC.Times ViewThe poor maintenance of natural water bodies in the city has come into sharp focus with the death of fish in Katraj lake and the thick growth of water hyacinth. The authorities may have started cleaning the lake now, but there is much more to be done like taking up a spirited drive to clean up Mula and Mutha rivers and other important water bodies. The authorities need to conduct quality and pollution level checks of water bodies and also strictly monitor the release of untreated sewage and debris into them. These steps are critical if we wish to conserve these precious natural resources. The civic body, the pollution control board and citizens need to work together to ensure that our rivers, nullahs, lakes and hills which add to the beauty of the city are protected and nurtured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17410998", "title": "All sorts of idiots call me 'bhai': Salman", "text": "Salman tells us all we want to know about his alter ego and why he does not approve of Abhinav Kashyap's 'tutor' We caught up with Salman Khan at Mehboob Studios, in between meetings, interviews and sporting a new hairstyle. Salman breezed through the 60 minutes with a cigarette he chose not to light and in great spirits. Excerpts.How much has marriage and fatherhood changed Chulbul Pandey in Dabangg 2? The character doesn't change. Chulbul Pandey was going through a very unhappy phase. He had a step brother, his mother was married to somebody else, his father was no more, he was in two minds about trusting his brother. Pandeyji is now a father, the head of the family. He is in a good space. But then comes an emotional jhatka , he goes back to being the old Chulbul Pandey.Does being married and being in a happy space mean he picks up the grocery on his way home? (Smiles) Check that out for yourself. But yes , you will see a lot of sweet bits of him.How much of Salman is there in Chulbul Pandey? I don't know. Just that sometimes I cannot react when I should; but Chulbul can. There are times when I should be tackling things head on, but then decide to step back, take the beating. But Chulbul takes charge.Chulbul is full of spunky one-liners. Do you come up with them spontaneously or just stick to the script? When you are writing it, you are writing it in the room. But when you go to the set, it's a different thing.What's this story about you taking offense when someone calls you 'bhai?' All sorts of idiots call me that. Even rank strangers. Not everyone has the right to call me bhai . (Gets animated, mimics a kid) Kids call me, 'aye Salman how you doing...Mr Khan... oye Salman Khan, I love it. But when some people call me bhai I think they are faking it. I hate it when some people call me Sallu. But when they call me that out of love, it shows. It's the tone that matters. Only Arbaaz and Sohail should call me bhai. Besides, my parents have given me a name, it's a superb name, Salman Khan and I prefer people calling me Salman. I think this 'Sallu' was started by Jackie (Shroff). Now he calls me Salley!How much of Abhinav Kashyap is still there in Dabanng 2? When Abhinav came to us, it was a very dry art kind of film. The kind of films they (the brothers) make. In fact now, his brother (Anurag) has changed his style. He has now got that masala touch. There were no songs earlier in Dabangg, and we had to change that. We kept improvising and that the film achieved a certain form is also thanks to Arbaaz. But Abhinav contributed as well. To give him credit, he realised that if you want to make a saleable film, you need a commercial touch , you need songs. That's when Arbaaz came into the picture. But then Abhinav decided to opt out of the sequel.Didn't you want him to come back? I did a lot. I told him - 'I don't know who has tutored you to refuse the sequel. Meri baat mano , do the film'. I called him twice. Then his brother gave some weird interviews and all that stuff happened.That he refused to take up your offer must have surprised you... Yes. I was in Thailand shooting for Ready. Arbaaz told me that Abhinav simply texted him saying that he doesn't want to do it. Then the brother (Anurag) went on twitter and all that stuff happened. I thank Anurag for planting the idea that Arbaaz should do the film and he has done a good job. He has taken the film to a new level.Dabanng had drawn very negative pre-release vibes - doob jayenge mar jaenge, industry ko duba denge etc. But it went to become the fabulous film it was.How did you and Arbaaz get along? We had massive fights during both the films. Creative debates turned into arguments. It went on till one of us too a step back, calibrated our responses. See, its either black or white, tum bologe off-white hai grey hai... what nonsense!So who wins the argument? Whoever is right.Reena Roy once said... (As if on cue, Sonakshi walks in) That Sonakshi looks like her? (smiles)No, that you are responsible for how Sonakshi looks on screen. Do you try to make your heroines look 'respectful' on camera? (Nods in agreement) It gets very awkward. Women have these little 'oops' moments while dancing. I just say thoda sa upar kheechlo .Have heroines ever told you what to wear ? Ya. Why, Sonakshi was the one who approved my moustache in the movie.How much has Sonakshi changed between Dabangg 1 and 2? (Sonakshi, next to us suddenly looks on coyly) I think Sonakshi is going to start killing it now.And you are open to Dabangg 3.. Of course, we have already thought about it. We will go back to his past, the making of Chulbul Pandey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "17407608", "title": "Woman held for plotting mother-in-law's murder", "text": "WARANGAL: The death of a woman turned out to be a case of murder with the alleged culprit being her daughter-in-law. Based on a complaint by the victim's son, the police arrested her.The woman, Vannala Swarna, 50, was allegedly murdered at her house at Waddepally in Hanamkonda on October 13 by her daughter-in-law Vannala Soujanya and her lover Srinivas for her money and gold ornments.As per their plan, Soujanya called home her boy friend Srinivas and two others on the night of October 13, when her mother-in-law was in deep sleep and they strangulated her to death. Soujanya then called her parents, living right opposite her residence, the following morning and started weeping. She told her parents that her mother-in-law had died of heart attack.The parents informed the relatives as well as Soujanya's husband Vannala Satish, who is working in Australia. Shocked at the news, he rushed back on October 19. Soujanya, however, had the last rites of her mother-in-law performed on October 14 itself though her husband had not come back.After reaching home, Satish enquired about his mother's sudden demise and also believed her wife's statement that she died of heart attack.However, on November 2, Satish went to the ATM to check the balance in his mother's account and took out a mini statement. He noticed that an amount of Rs 49,000 had been withdrawn on October 14 and another Rs 49,000 past midnight.A shocked Satish started to observe his wife Soujanya's movements as he got suspicious about her. He also took her to hospital, where the doctor said she was four months pregnant though Sateesh has been staying in Australia for the last two years.Following a complaint he lodged against her at the Subedari PS, police took her into custody on Tuesday evening and, during interrogation, she reportedly confessed to killing her mother-in-law with the help of two accomplices. Police also arrested her lover Srinivas and started searching for the two other culprits. Police, have, however, not yet confirmed the arrests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17408343", "title": "Green pigeon in Sanjay Gandhi National Park has survey team in a flutter", "text": "MUMBAI: The orange-breasted green pigeon was spotted in Sanjay Gandhi National Park for the first time in Maharashtra during the on-going bird survey. The forest-dwelling pigeon is usually found in the Western Ghats. During the project field survey along with the forest department officials on Sunday, a team member, Tushar Nidambur, spotted and photographed the bird in the central area of the Borivli park.Sunjoy Monga, principal investigator of the project, helped confirm the identification. \"It is exciting to have discovered a species new for the region,\" said Nidambur.\"The finding of this species is yet another addition to the park's and the region's avifauna. We are happy that the team is doing such wonderful work in documenting the region's biodiversity,\" said Sunil Limaye, chief conservator and director of Sanjay Gandhi National Park. According to the park authorities, some interesting bird species have been found during the last few weeks. \"This finding tells us a lot about nature's ability to spring surprises and adapt,\" said an expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17408239", "title": "Complaints galore, but no remedy", "text": "JAIPUR: Ten-year-old Rahul's ear drum was ruptured after his teacher repeatedly slapped him for not completing his homework recently. The incident has once again indicated that violence towards children, in the form of corporal punishment, is rising north.The incident has highlighted the lax attitude of child rights agencies in curbing such incidents. Rajasthan Commission for Protection of Child Rights has received several complaints on corporal punishment in the past 7 months.Most of them were verbal complaints on corporal punishment received during inspections, workshops and public hearings. Barring a few suspensions, no major action was taken against the defaulters/accused of corporal punishment despite commission's continuous efforts.Surprisingly, most of these complaints had come from far-off districts by parents and students. The commission had even written to school management on forming grievance redressal mechanism where children could complain, even anonymously if they so desired.The existing stringent guidelines issued by the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) are easily ignored as they are not supported or enforceable by law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17409356", "title": "Minor girl raped in Bokaro", "text": "BOKARO: A minor girl was raped by two youths in a running SUV at Tenughat area under Bermo sub-division of the district. Police have arrested one of the accused, Ranjan, a student of Industrial Training Institute, Hazaribagh and sent him to judicial custody. The victim 15-year-old girl, Rani Kumari (name changed) was working as a maid at the residence of an advocate in Tenughat Colony. Police said there she struck a friendship with Ranjan who is a resident of the colony. Kumari said Ranjan and his friend raped her one by one in the backseat of a running car until she fainted. Later, she reached the police station and informed them about the incident. Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi said, \"Ranjan has been arrested, while search for another accused is on.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17408963", "title": "Taliban threaten to avenge Kasab death in a month", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A Pakistani Taliban faction has claimed that its fighters were holed up in Amritsar and Hyderabad to carry out attacks to avenge 26/11 convict Ajmal Kasab's execution last week.\"We will avenge the death of Ajmal Kasab on Indian soil within a month,'' Ahmed Marwat, a spokesman for Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan's Jundullah group told the TOI from an undisclosed location on Wednesday. \"His death will not go waste. (Our) group has a number of fighters in Amritsar and Hyderabad Deccan, who will soon take revenge of Ajmal Kasab. With the death of one Kasab, scores of his other comrades are ready for martyrdom.''Marwat spoke in what seemed like Pashto language's tribal accent spoken in Pakistan's tribal northwest bordering Afghanistan . The region has long been an al-Qaida and Taliban safe haven. The fresh threat comes days after another Taliban faction threatened to avenge Kasab's hanging by \"striking Indian targets anywhere\".The Pakistani state and minority Muslim sects \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Shiias and Sufis \u00e2\u20ac\u201d have so far been the group's prime targets. Thousands of people have been killed since it launched a wave of destabilizing attacks on the country's armed forces, spy agencies, market places and mosques beginning 2009.The group had taken responsibility for the failed Times Square car bombing attempt in 2010, but retracted days later. Experts doubt its ability to strike overseas, saying the group lacks the sophistication to do so.Jundullah has been closely tied to Qaida and responsible for sectarian bloodbath across Pakistan. It has claimed responsibility for most of attacks on Shias across Pakistan in the last two years. The group was blamed for September attacks on Karachi's Dawoodi Bohra community that killed 11 people.Earlier in February, Jundullah massacred 18 Shias from Gilgit-Baltistan after pulling them out of a bus near Rawalpindi. The slain were on their way from Kohistan. Marwat had then claimed responsibility for the attack while claiming to be the group's Karachi-based commander. Media reports say the group has entrenched itself in Karachi.\"Among the most feared militant groups is Jundullah's Karachi chapter, led by Fasihur Rehman, which is responsible for most of the sectarian attacks in the city,\" said Umar Khitab, a Karachi-based cop. Sources said Jundullah chief Hamja Jofi alias Haji Mumtaz founded the group in 2003 in Waziristan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17410267", "title": "Thevar jayanthi violence: One more person dies", "text": "MADURAI: The death toll in the petrol bomb attack on youth returning from Thevar Jayanthi celebrations in Pasumpon on October 30 rose to seven with another teenager succumbing to injuries at a private hospital in Madurai on Wednesday.After battling for life for almost a month, A Sivaraman, 18, from S Puliangulam village died at a private hospital. The death sparked fear of a fresh bout of violence as a large number of his relatives and villagers gathered at the government hospital. A large contingent of police personnel was immediately rushed to the GH as well as Puliangulam village to keep the situation under check.Twenty youth from the village were returning from Pasumpon on Thevar Jayanthi when they were vehicle came under attack by few miscreants who hurled petrol bombs at them. All 20 sustained burn injuries of which six were critical. After being admitted to the Government Rajaji Hospital, the critically injured were moved to private hospitals in the city.Three people died on November 3 while three more succumbed to injuries on November 6. The deaths sparked widespread protest and Thevar outfits had called for a bandh that brought Madurai to standstill on November 7. While keeping a close vigil in sensitive pockets to prevent retaliation, the police managed to arrest 10 of the accused for pelting the bombs.Sivaraman was admitted in a private hospital on Melur Road and was being treated. However, he died due to multiple organ failure, doctors said. His body was brought to the GH for postmortem and handed over to his relatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17406987", "title": "Locals want village body to move to panchayat ghar, says Joseph Vaz", "text": "MARGAO: Stating that he was only working in the interest of his villagers as per the mandate given to him by them, Rachol sarpanch Joseph Vaz stated that the majority of the villagers in Rachol wanted the panchayat to move to the new panchayat ghar.Speaking to TOI on Wednesday, Vaz reiterated that there were waiting for the occupancy certificate from the town and ountry planning department (TCP) before moving. He added that the panchayat would respect any decision against the move if it came from a higher authority.Vaz countered the contention of the Rachol Rakhon Manch (RRM) who had pointed out that the administrative approval and expenditure sanction granted is for construction on another site and stated that his panchayat had received no such correspondence.\"All the allegations against the new pancahyat ghar and me are baseless and carry no weightage. The manch is opposing every initiative I take due to vested interests,\" said Vaz, adding that the manch did not represent the views of the majority.Furthermore, commenting on the plans of the manch who has stated that it would be soon be writing to the panchayat stating that it was willing to supply CCTV cameras provided the panchayat agreed to its terms and conditions, Vaz sought to know who would monitor the same as the panchayat was short on funds.Vaz also clarified the issue regarding the villagers' complaints about youth and couples meeting at certain places in Rachol, including the ferry point, and being involved in drugs and other such activities bringing a bad name to the village.\"At the gram sabha, I informed the villagers that we have already spoken to the district collector and other authorities about their complaints and have asked patrolling in these areas to be increased,\" said Vaz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17408175", "title": "Health officials to foresake deputation for schemes\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 benefit", "text": "JAIPUR: After the state government pointed out that deputation of medical health and family welfare department officials are affecting proper implementation of health schemes badly, the department has upped efforts for cancellation of all the deputation in the state.Senior officials of the department, however, claimed that cancellation of the deputations would affect the healthcare services in the state.\"In my district, there were 10 primary health centers (PHCs) where not even a single doctor is posted. But, in 8 PHCs two doctors are posted. So out of the two doctors, one was posted on deputation at one of the PHCs where there was no doctor at all. In the previous arrangements, there were only two PHCs which were without any doctor. Now, after cancellation of the deputations, there would be 10 PHCs which would be without any doctor,\" a chief medical health officer (CMHO) said.He said all the deputations were made after taking permission from district collectors and zila parishads. The deputations were made to strengthen the healthcare system, he added.Another CMHO said in his district around 150 posts of doctors were lying vacant, which is almost equal to the half of the actual posts created in the district. \"Now, cancellation of the deputations would further add to the problems in ensuring proper healthcare facilities in the state,\" he said.Meanwhile, the government has demanded certificates from the CMHOs citing the cancellation of the deputations for all the health department officials. The government had directed the department to cancel all the deputations after some collectors filed complaints, saying the various flagship programmes of the government in the health sector were not properly implement due to the \"absence\" of health department employees in rural areas due to their deputations in other areas.Some collectors had also blamed the department for giving posting of choice to their employees, whose original postings are in rural areas. These employees are either deputed at district headquarters or at a place of their convenience on deputation, the collectors claimed during a meeting with senior government officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17408102", "title": "Elderly not treated well in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A recent study by a UN body has brought out worrying trends in the life of elderly population of the country. Contrary to belief that the elderly are well looked after in the dusk of their lives, the study has found that 20% of the elderly population in Punjab and Himachal Pradesh are forced to work well after 80 years of age. More than 60% out of these are forced to work because of economic compulsions even as the number of elderly not living with their families because of family conflict has increased.The study, conducted by the United Nations Population Fund , had the project coordinated by the Population Research Centre at the Institute for Social and Economic Change, Bangalore, and the Institute of Economic Growth, Delhi along with the Tata Institute of Social Sciences, Mumbai. A total of 8,792 households were selected and 8,329 household interviews were conducted for the survey.It was found that although the work participation rate declines with age, it is substantial even among elderly of 80 years and above. There are also significant rural-urban differences in the work participation rate. In rural areas around 26% of the elderly are currently working, while about 19% among urban elderly are doing so.Sharp gender differentials in work participation exist with 13% of elderly men and three per cent of elderly women currently participate in the labour market even beyond the age of 80 years.With three out of five households having an elderly head of the family, the elderly headship rate is found to be more in urban areas (64%) than in rural areas (59%). The data indicate that around 76% of the elderly are living with at least one of their children.In other words, a quarter of the elderly do not live with any of their children. The percentage is nearly the same for rural and urban areas. Rising family conflict has been underlined as the main cause for elderly living away from their families or preferring to stay alone.In both Punjab and Himachal Pradesh, 20.5% elderly population has been found working more than six months in a year, more than four hours a day. What is even more worrying is that is that out of this working elderly population, 59% in Himachal Pradesh and 64% in Punjab have been found to be working due to an economic compulsion.Even otherwise, elderly are majorly dependent on their children for finances. About 43% elderly in HP and 37.4% in Punjab are fully dependant on children for money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17408258", "title": "NIMS hostels to be brought down through controlled blasts", "text": "JAIPUR: After the Rajasthan High Court rejected a petition filed by the management of the NIMS University, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) is all set to demolish its the hostels constructed on pasture land in the coming week.The JDA will take possession of hostels and demolish them using controlled detonation technique, said an official.Officials claimed that the university has encroached upon 8,125 sq m of land. S B Sarvate, a member of the explosives expert team from Indore, has been appointed by the JDA for controlled blasts.\"Four hostel buildings in NIMS campus constructed illegally on government land will be pulled down in nine separate blasts using planned controlled demolition. The technique will be used for the second time in the city for demolishing a G+2 building,\" said an official. According to a blast expert, \"The height of the building is less and width and length is more. The building will be isolated and will be pulled down through nine separate blasts.\"\"We have to be cautious as the administrative block is adjoining the buildings,\" he said.The blast experts will make holes and fit electronic detonators in the building. \"Three hostel buildings will be separated in six parts. One building will be separated in three parts,\" he saidOn Monday, it was contended by additional advocate general S N Kumawat that the land in question is a pasture land and the same is also falling in the catchment area of Ramgarh dam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi/noida", "code": "17407944", "title": "Delhi-Noida barrage link to snap for repair", "text": "NEW DELHI/NOIDA: The 28-year-old Okhla barrage, an important link between Delhi and Noida, will be closed for repairs for two months from December 15 this year. The UP Irrigation Department is expected to finally start restoring the decrepit bridge after an inspection earlier this year revealed how susceptible it was to a mishap. The repair work will be done in phases, with one carriageway to be closed at a time for a month each while one-way traffic movement will be allowed on the other side. The Delhi-Noida stretch will be closed first.This can prove to be a traffic nightmare and Delhi and Noida traffic police are working out a plan for the area. With work on Delhi Metro's Phase III to start soon - from South Extension to trans-Yamuna area - traffic snarls worse than usual are expected at Ashram, Nizamuddin Bridge and DND toll road. Almost 1 lakh vehicles pass through the Okhla barrage road every day though it was built for 10,000 vehicles only.At a meeting between the two state traffic police departments this week, Noida police suggested halving the available carriageway to allow two-way movement. \"We will divide the two-lane carriageway with bollards into two single lanes for light vehicles only. Heavy vehicles will be banned,\" said MP Singh, superintendent of police (Traffic), Noida. \"Additional traffic cops will also be deployed to ensure that there are no gridlocks,\" Singh said.However, Delhi Police is of the opinion that this would only add to the chaos. \"Each carriageway is only two lanes wide, and rather than reducing congestion, it would lead to a bottleneck situation on either side. In case of a breakdown, the entire area will come to a halt. We are still discussing the matter with Noida police and will come up with the best possible solution,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Cops point out that bollards are easily knocked over and are unsafe for a stretch that sees such heavy movement of traffic. \"Both sides witness equally heavy traffic. Hence, even if we make it one-way for morning and the opposite for evening, it would not solve any problem like it has at Janak Setu bridge. We are suggesting that one side should be allowed to move as usual and the other side be diverted through DND and Nizamuddin Bridge,\" said a senior traffic police officer of south Delhi.The bridge, which connects Noida, Delhi, Ghaziabad and Faridabad via Kalindi Kunj, has not seen any repair, except for some patchwork, since it was built. Considering the steadily increasing vehicular pressure on the bridge and its state of disrepair, the Uttar Pradesh state irrigation department had written to the traffic police officers in Delhi and Gautam Budh Nagar earlier this month to take immediate steps to accommodate repair work.\"Since its inception in 1984, the traffic on the bridge has increased manifold. After conducting inspections recently, we found that if repair work was not undertaken immediately, there could be a mishap, considering the enormous density of vehicles using the bridge,\" said RS Yadav, executive engineer, head works, UP irrigation. \"A communication requesting the same had been sent to both authorities in January this year, too,\" Yadav said. The static load and pressure on the bridge is steadily increasing. We have found that the expansion joints and the rawker roller wiring are extensively damaged. The bridge needs a complete overhaul,\" Yadav said.Currently, the narrow four-lane bridge which provides the vital link between South Delhi and Noida offers commuters a bumpy ride. The road is plagued with traffic jams, especially during peak hours.The bridge was built to check the flow of the Yamuna and prevent floods. It has a two-lane link on each side to connect Noida with areas like Kalindi Kunj and Mathura Road which cannot cope with the volume of traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17408335", "title": "Global CEOs seek removal of travel ban on HIV positive people", "text": "NEW DELHI: Some of the world's most powerful CEOs have now joined hands to bring down repressive laws by around 45 countries that still deport, detain or deny entry to people solely because they are living with HIV.Days after TOI reported how 45 countries \u00e2\u20ac\u201d many of them major hubs for international business -- still ban travel of HIV infected patients, more than 40 CEOs who represent nearly 2 million employees from companies like Johnson &amp; Johnson, Coca-Cola, Pfizer , Heineken, Merck , the National Basketball Association and Thomson Reuters signed an unprecedented pledge urging the repeal of laws and policies in these countries that restrict movement of HIV positive patients.The CEOs said they opposed HIV travel restrictions because they were discriminatory and because to succeed in today's globalized economy, companies must be able to send their employees and best talent overseas, regardless of their HIV status.\"It's time to send HIV travel restrictions packing,\" said Kenneth Cole, CEO of Kenneth Cole Productions. \"Using our collective might, I believe we can use our influence to eliminate these discriminatory practices.\"The US lifted its 22-year HIV travel ban in 2010. Other countries, including Armenia , China, Fiji , Moldova , Namibia and Ukraine have also recently removed such restrictions.\"Travel restrictions on individuals with HIV are unnecessary and hinder the ability for individuals and companies to operate in a truly global workforce,\" said Mark Bertolini, chairman and CEO of Aetna.Most HIV-travel restrictions were imposed by governments in the 1980s when little was known about the transmission of HIV, and treatment didn't exist. \"Since then, we've learned how to effectively prevent, manage and treat HIV,\" UNAIDS said.\"Restrictions on entry, stay and residence for people living with HIV are discriminatory and a violation of human rights,\" said Michel Sidibe, executive director of UNAIDS. \"Every individual should have equal access to freedom of movement. I urge all countries to remove all such restrictions based on HIV status,\" he added.\"HIV travel restrictions are discriminatory and bad for business,\" said Chip Bergh, president of Levi Strauss &amp; Co.There is a blanket ban on entry of people living with HIV in five countries \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Brunei Darussalam, Oman , Sudan , UAE and Yemen . Five countries -- Egypt , Singapore , Iraq , Qatar and Turks and Caicos Islands -- require individuals wishing to stay for short periods (10-90 days) to prove that they are HIV-negative.Laws in 20 countries including Malaysia , Russia , Singapore, Jordan and Kuwait deport individuals discovered to be living with HIV.Even in the epidemic's fourth decade globally, nearly 4 in 10 countries worldwide still lack any specific legal provisions to prevent or address HIV-related discrimination.The Global AIDS Epidemic 2012 report, released by UNAIDS, says that the effects of such restrictions are most severe for migrant workers, who play an increasingly prominent role in the global economy. From 2005 to 2010, the number of international migrants rose from 191 million to 214 million. The report says that the six members of the Gulf Cooperation Council - Bahrain , Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the UAE - all mandatorily test people seeking to come to the Gulf countries to work and require them to be periodically tested to renew visas.\"Those who become HIV-positive while working in the Gulf are often quarantined, deported, denied appropriate health care and ostracized upon returning to their home countries. Migrants' HIV-positive test results are shared with all approved medical centres in the Gulf Cooperation Council, with such workers categorized as permanently unfit to enter any Gulf Cooperation Council country in the future,\" the report said.India lifted all travel restrictions against HIV-positive patients in 2010.In 2002, the health ministry had issued a notification stating that mandatory test for HIV for India-bound foreign nationals should be removed from visa forms. However, some embassies failed to enforce it and continued to display the requirement of HIV test certificate on their websites as well as on visa forms.On September 17, 2010 the ministry of external affairs clarified that there were no travel or residency restrictions for people living with HIV coming to India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17409845", "title": "Release all spectrum, demands FM radio industry", "text": "NEW DELHI: The FM radio industry has been voicing grave concerns for many months over the ascending e-auction methodology in tandem with high reserve prices for Phase 3 and has been proved right given the recent fiasco over telecom auctions.Now, radio broadcasters are also pointing out that it is vital for government to accept Trai's recommendation to reduce channel separation in FM radio from 800 to 400 KHz, thus doubling the number of available channels. In fact, industry sources pointed out that given the stinging rebuke government has got from the Supreme Court for hoarding 2G spectrum, it will be difficult for it to ignore Trai's recommendation.Reducing channel separation means two adjoining channels can be spaced just 400 KHz apart. If there is one station at 98.3 FM, the next one could be at 98.7 FM and the one after that at 99.1 FM. The present policy of 800 KHz separation was set way back in the year 2000 when mobile phones, equipped with FM tuners had not become ubiquitous. Most of the developed world offers stations 400 KHz apart. Broadcasters say it is inexplicable why the Trai's recommendation has not been accepted so far.Sources pointed out that the inertia is all the more surprising considering the benefits that would accrue to the government itself if it went ahead with the plan. \"Putting more spectrum on auction would help it raise more overall licence fees, in addition to giving people much more choice\", a radio CEO said. For broadcasters, the relief would be that auctions would not be held under scarcity conditions, which could lead to irrational pricing.The SC has been consistent in its views on spectrum allocation. It was in 1995 that the SC first stated that \"airwaves are public property and must be used for advancing public good. The order stated that \"It is the duty of the State to see that airwaves are so utilized as to advance the free speech right of the citizens which are served by ensuring plurality and diversity of views, opinion and ideas\". Not allowing more channels is clearly out of sync with this order of the apex court.The SC followed this up recently with the order of its Constitutional bench revising its two-judge bench's \"auctions only\" order of February 2011. The apex court warned the Union government not to play with its order mandating auction of all 2G spectrum licences and said prima facie it found that the entire range of spectrum available after cancellation of the licences had not been put up for public auction. Industry sources said that the same principle as ordered by the SC in 2G telecom should also apply in FM radio. \"There is no reason the government should hoard spectrum\" says a radio CEO. Sources said the government may also be getting tempted by the chance to increase licence fees by choking the release of spectrum. \"This is unacceptable in a country like India. The government's primary aim has to be public good, not revenue maximization,\" says a radio insider.Moreover, with more frequencies come more programming variety and the public good is better served. An investment banker pointed out: \"How can you even conduct auctions in a scarcity scenario?\" If more spectrum is not released, auctions will be held for only one channel in Delhi, Ahmedabad, Pune, Chennai and Bangalore and two in Mumbai.Industry sources also point out that what the government may not have factored in is that radio will soon go digital. A study of several countries shows that when broadband penetration crosses 35-40 % of the population, online radio stations become popular and FM stations start feeling the pressure on revenues and profitability. This is expected in the metros in India in the next two to three years. That is why it is best to auction all available spectrum now, rather than wait for the future, when licence fees will drop, sources pointed out.There are no major technical issues either. Says Sundaram, former chairman of the government's consultancy arm Broadcast Engineers Consultancy India Limited (BECIL ): \"Technical issues, if any, can be overcome by judicious spectrum planning and other technical parameters\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "vizianagaram", "code": "17407938", "title": "Realty threat to Telugu poet Gurajada\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s house", "text": "VIZIANAGARAM: It is said that Gurajada Apparao was born ahead of time and his path-breaking social play Kanyasulkam is as relevant today as it was then. But the house that he built with a lot of love and care in Vizianagaram may soon be history, with the buzz that the great grandsons of the legendary Telugu poet are planning to dispose it of.Sources reveal that Gurajada's three great grandchildren, who still live in that house with their families, are keen on selling the property as they do not have a regular income and have already got a few offers ranging from Rs 80 lakhs to a crore. But so far they have not been able to sell it due to pressure from within the family and a few concerned persons who feel the sale of the house would be nothing short of a sacrilege.\"The house should be preserved as a heritage site,\" says writer Ramatheertha. Gurajada had two properties in Vizianagaram, his ancestral home that has already been converted into a library by the government and the second one that he built in 1915 adjacent to the ancestral one. But due to ill health he was not able to shift and he died in the old house in the same year.Writer Kalipatnam Rama Rao, who compares Gurajada to Tagore feels that it would be a gross injustice to lose such a rich piece of history.\"He is our Tagore - the pride of Telugu people. And it would not be right to sell the house that he built to a realtor who would demolish it to put up a high-rise building. The government should step in to prevent such a move.\" Ironically, the government has marked 2012-13 to celebrate the 150th anniversary of the poet. \"The government has also allocated about Rs 5 crore for the celebration, but so far only Rs 25 lakhs have been sanctioned. The some amount can be released to the family members for their betterment and the house should be retained as a heritage site,\" opined Ramatheertha.A member of Intach was of the view that when the government spends crores of rupees for organising various utsavs and festivals like Visakha Utsav, Vizianagaram Utsav and World Telugu Conference, it was indeed an irony that it does not care about preserving such sites for future generations.In fact, it is learnt that a concerned member of the Telugu poet's family had approached PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana, who also hails from Vizianagaram, as well as the district collector and both had promised to look into it.But sources in town and in literary circles say that the PCC chief himself might have an eye on the property as a couple of his commercial ventures are located in the vicinity. It is also believed that Botsa was instrumental in getting one of Gurajada's great grandsons a job in the library. \"It is time that the government puts its best foot forward not only to retain the building, but also to take care of us and convert the house into a heritage site,\" said a family member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17408020", "title": "Man held for harassing wife over phone", "text": "INDORE: Police arrested a 28-year-old man on the charges of harassing his wife over the phone, from South Tukoganj area here on Wednesday.A special police unit dealing with women related cases, 'We Care for You', in-charge, Anita Dhavle said one Sameer Khan, son of Haseem Khan was harassing his wife over phone. The victim had separated from the accused some time ago. Police arrested him on Wednesday.Sameer lives in South Tukoganj while his wife lives with her parents in Chhaoni area.His wife approached 'We Care for You' and lodged a complaint a couple of days ago, Dhalve said. Using different numbers, Sameer allegedly used to harass her through phone calls. He used to call her from different numbers.Pretending to be a woman, he used to call her often, Sometimes, he called her even abusing at times and talking vulgar over the phone.He was abusing and talking many vulgar things to his wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17410245", "title": "Rift between mayor, AIADMK councillors come to the fore", "text": "MADURAI: The rift between the AIADMK councillors in Madurai is becoming visible day by day. The disagreement among the mayor, zonal chairmen and councillors of the ruling party comes to the fore every time the council meeting is held. On Wednesday, even as DMK men were ousted from the council hall as usual, the AIADMK councillors openly expressed their displeasure over the zonal chairmen belonging to their party.One of the reasons for the displeasure was the fact that the zonal chairmen left the council hall even before the meeting came to an end, without airing the grievances of the people in the zone. The other grievance of the AIADMK councillors was that the zonal chairmen consumed much of the council hours, leaving them with little time to address their grievances.The irked councillors urged mayor V V Rajan Chellappa to limit the time consumed by zone chairmen. K Thiraviam of ward No. 23 said that there is no purpose of holding the meeting when zonal presidents who represent 25 wards each are not in the hall. \"The chairman talks about the concerns of their ward alone though they represent 25 wards in the zone,\" he expressed his frustration. Other councillors also joined him condemning such behaviour.The zonal chairmen, in turn, had their reasons to dissent with the mayor of their own party. They charged that contracts were repeatedly being given to DMK men in the corporation, though AIADMK is the ruling party in the state and holds majority in the corporation.The chairmen fume that Chellappa was behind the contracts awarded to DMK men, though they do not openly criticise him.Reliable sources from AIADMK said that there is no coordination between the mayor and zonal presidents and the former had lost his hold on the latter and the councillors.\"There is no coordination between officials and elected representatives and the mayor who has to bring this coordination has lost his control over the zonal presidents. The officials on their part are playing their own politics to get both positions and monetary benefits,\" a party source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17410173", "title": "Size average, but Einstein\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s brain quite complicated", "text": "LONDON: Physicist Albert Einstein's brain, though of average size, contained an unusually high number of folds which may have provided the genius with the ability to think in \"extraordinary ways\", scientists claim.The Nobel Prize-winning scientist's brain was divided into 240 blocks and distributed to researchers after his death in 1955. Most of the specimens were lost and little was written about its anatomy.Scientists now have used photographs of the brain before it was segmented to produce a \"road map\" connecting the 240 sections and the 2,000 thin slivers into which they were later split, The Telegraph reported.Although Einstein's brain was only of average size, weighing 1,230 gram, certain areas contain an unusually high number of folds and grooves, a comparison with 85 other brains showed.Anthropologist Dean Falk of Florida State University found \"regions that are exceptionally complicated in their convolutions\" in each of Einstein's brain lobes. The finding confirmed reports in two previous studies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17407803", "title": "World meet on ob/gyn in city from today", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite the advances in obstetrics and gynaecology (OB/GY) doctors still face many situations when they are unable to decide on the plan of action or strategy to either treat the patient or save the woman's and baby's life.Federation of Obstetrics and Gynaecological Societies of India (FOGSI) in collaboration with Nagpur Obstetrics and Gynaecological Society (NOGS) is organizing a three-day 'World congress on dilemmas in OB/GY' at Hotel Centre Point from Friday onwards. It is expected to bring together luminaries in the field from across the globe.It will allow participation of everyone from international experts to local post graduate students. The FOGSI vice-president from city and organizing chairperson Dr Laxmi Shrikhande said, \"while dealing with patients almost every doctor faces situations when they are unable to decide on the line of treatment. Conference will try to evolve a rational way of dealing with complicated situations by developing certain standard protocols,\" she said.NOGS president Dr Ankita Kothe said theme of conference was 'let life of every mother and neonate count' which meant that there was enough stress on maternal mortality. Since mortality rate was higher in rural areas, recent move by central government to train paramedical workers and doctors from other pathies like ayurveda to conduct medical abortions would help reduce these deaths, she said.Dr Ritu Dargan, organizing secretary, said the conference included 130 technical papers, keynote address, symposia, panel discussions, and 'meet the experts' meetings. Fifty PG teams have registered for the quiz. Besides maternal morality, the other subjects of focus are operative gynaecology and infertility.Some of the leading experts to guide the participants include Dr P K Shah, FOGSI president, Dr P N Purandare, patron, Dr Chandrakant Ruparelia, USA, Dr Jean Anderson, USA, Dr Osama Schawki, Egypt, Dr Rina Agrawal, UK, Shahida Zaidi, Pakistan, Dr Ashma Rana, Nepal. The conference will be formally inaugurated at 12 noon on Saturday by Dr Purandare.Look out for:* Operative and gynaecology workshop including surgical challenges, intrauterine insemination (a fertility technique) and FOGSI practical skills and drills workshops on minimizing maternal mortality on Friday* Keynote addresses on recent advances in IVF, hormone replacement therapy , ovarian cancers* Managing HIV in pregnancy, dilemmas in 1st trimester screening, dilemmas and challenges* Dealing with pre-existing medical disorders like thyroid, heart and renal disease* Public forum on HIV day on December 1 at 4.30pm with free entry for patients and public", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17410475", "title": "Handwriting study reveals gadget-induced disorders in kids", "text": "KOLKATA: Nearly two thirds of Kolkata's kids may be suffering from mental imbalances and hyperactivity disorders, thanks to an overdose of television, video games and computers, say handwriting experts.After studying 336 handwriting samples of students, the Kolkata School of Graphology has detected signs of attention deficit disorder (ADD) in 220 of them. The samples came from 30 city schools and the study went on for a year. \"Most of these children belong to the age-group of 8-18 years. When we met them and their parents, we found that most were exposed to five to six hours of television or six to seven hours in front of the computer every day,\" said Mohan Bose, director of Kolkata Institute of Graphology.Though graphology is not quite a science and findings can vary from person to person, certain characteristics that Bose and his team found in the handwriting samples were common to all. \"If your child writes without aligning the sentences to the left-hand or right-hand margin, it means that the child is impatient as he wants to hurry to the next line without finishing the one before that,\" Bose said. Similarly, if a child writes without following the baseline and flouts the 'four-line concept' of forming a letter, it depicts lack of concentration and frustration.'Muddy handwriting' - when the writer stresses very hard on a letter, marked by a heavy flow of ink - was also a very common trait in the samples. \"It depicts that the child is susceptible to the environment he lives in. He is over-reactive and has a low tolerance for frustration,\" said Bose. Many kids had scratched out and written something over and over. This depicts a hesitant personality with low self -confidence, say the analysts.Another common aspect that showed up in the face-to-face interviews was that most of the parents found it convenient to substitute their presence with television and gadgets. Handwriting requires fine motor-skills, Bose said. And a child's brain is highly malleable - it is growing and collecting experiences from the environment. So, when it is conditioned by a high-speed electronic gadget, the brain picks up the tempo and conditions itself accordingly. And when the same child engages in comparatively slower activities, like reading, writing or listening to lectures, his brain finds it hard to accommodate and accumulate it all. \"That impatience and frustration is what can be reflected in the child's handwriting,\" Bose said.If left untreated, these children may become reclusive, timid, fearful, socially awkward, impatient and angry as grown-ups. \"Parents need to get their children off technology for sometime and take them to parks. They should encourage them to participate and utilise their time in activities in outdoor sports and various competitions like debates, quizzes, dance and dramatics. They need to experience fear and failure in the real world and not the virtual world,\" said Bose, who has been helping such children with graphotherapy - changing the way they write to change old habits.\"The handwriting is the 'brain-ink' of a human mind. And one can deduce a lot about a person's state of mind from one's handwriting. It is a fact that children in urban households are affected by technology in a bad way today. What parents forget is that a gadget cannot be the substitute for their presence,\" said Mahadevi Birla World Academy principal Malini Bhagat who has been practising graphology for some years now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17408439", "title": "Water board aims to cover 650 villages in conservation drive", "text": "GURGAON: Water conservation is an issue predicated as heavily on state-sponsored infrastructure as it is on public awareness. And in order to address the latter concern, the Central Groundwater Board (CGWB) has just begun an extended awareness and training campaign in Haryana.According to state government officials, by the time it reaches its final leg, the campaign would have covered various parts of the state, including some 650 villages, where water shortage remains a perennial worry.\"The campaign will be concluded by December 15. Over the next few weeks, special camps will be organized for the people throughout where they can get to learn more about water conservation and different conservation techniques,\" said an official.Rural parts of the state are among the arid zones where the groundwater levels are plummeting rapidly. And so it is that the focus of the present campaign will be Haryana's villages. The state government has also begun a reward scheme for village panchayats that have successfully implemented conservation measures.\"We have awarded 25 panchayats for conservation works, up till now. And with this scheme, we would like to encourage village communities throughout the state to take the initiative,\" the official added.The rate of groundwater depletion varies according to the population, water use pattern, and several other factors. The average rate of decline can be estimated to be somewhere between 1-3 metres per year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407641", "title": "Special drive by corporations to check illegal cell towers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The three corporation will soon launch a special drive to crack down on illegal cellphone towers. Officials say that in the past few months, there has been a sharp increase in the number of cellphone towers in the city, especially in residential colonies. There are 5,656 mobile towers in Delhi, of which 2,656 are illegal, they add.While East Delhi Municipal Corporation has started sending notices to cellular companies for removal of these towers, the North corporation will start the process from Thursday. \"There are close to 660 illegal mobile towers in our area. We are also conducting a fresh survey to identify the new towers that have been installed in the past few months. We will first issue notice, but if the companies don't remove the tower or get it approved from the civic agencies, we will seal it,\" said P K Gupta, commissioner of North corporation.East Delhi has 1,470 cellphone towers, of which 588 are illegal. Officials say a large number of towers have been installed in residential colonies. Due to growing awareness about the harmful radiation emitted from these towers, the civic agency has received several requests for their removal. \"We also need to check the structural soundness of the building where the tower is installed. Huge generator sets have been installed along with the tower on the roof of the building. Therefore, it is very important to check the stability of the structure,'' said S S Yadav, commissioner, East corporation.The South corporation has 2,834 mobile towers within its jurisdiction, of which 1,543 are illegal. It is planning to crack down on illegal towers and implement the new policy formulated by the erstwhile MCD in 2010. \"The policy was revised to limit the number of towers in residential colonies. Under the new policy, first preference was given to municipal and government buildings (barring hospitals and schools) followed by non-residential areas \u00e2\u20ac\u201d near drains and vacant land. Not many operators have applied for permission in the last one year,\" said Yogender Chandolia, chairman of standing committee, North corporation.But the policy was challenged by the Cellular Operators' Association of India in the Delhi high court, as the civic agency has increased the installation fee from Rs 1 lakh (one-time charge) to Rs 5 lakh for every five years. Though the HC struck down MCD's decision to increase the installation fee and its right to decide the site, it upheld the civic agencies' right to give permission for installing the towers. The court also made it clear that the operators can't install towers without the agencies' permission. Sources say that the sealing exercise is likely to start from the second week of December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17407774", "title": "Janwani to release report on traffic status of Pune", "text": "PUNE: Janwani, a social initiative of the Mahratta Chamber of Commerce Industries and Agriculture, will be coming out with a traffic status report (TSR) by May next year.The report, which will be on the lines of the environment status report (ESR) brought out by the PMC every year, will keep a track of various traffic-related aspects. Janwani director Kiran Kulkarni said the report will be a kind of self-appraisal of the traffic situation. \"There is no intention to blame anyone but to find solutions,\" he said.Harshad Abhyankar, who works on traffic and transportation issues in Janwani, made a presentation on the various aspects of traffic to be included in the TSR on Tuesday. Some of the aspects that would be covered include pedestrian facilities, commuting time, bus ridership, road accident fatalities and pollution levels.The TSR will be submitted to the municipal corporation. This would further help the civic body in making budgetary provision for traffic improvement works. The report will help in creating awareness about various traffic-related aspects.Abhyankar said a draft report would be ready by January and the final report will be prepared by May or June. Members of various citizens groups working on traffic and transportation issues gave their suggestions at a meeting convened by Janwani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17408520", "title": "Labourer killed in cylinder blast", "text": "LUCKNOW: A labourer was killed when an oxygen cylinder attached to a welding plant exploded at a workshop-cum-store of the Bridge Corporation of India situated at Malviya Nagar in Aishbagh under Bazaarkhaala police station on Wednesday afternoon.Reports said the victim, Sanjay (24) of Sitapur, was working for a contractor of Bridge Corporation. Sanjay was a skilled labourer and welder. On Wednesday afternoon, he was busy in some welding work when the oxygen cylinder attached to the welding plant exploded. The explosion was so strong that a part of Sanjay's arm was blown away. He died on the spot.\"Repair and maintenance work was underway at the work-shop of the Bridge Corporation despite Wednesday being a holiday on account of Prakash Utsav as the contractor was a private operator,\" said SSP RK Chaturvedi who rushed to the site after the incident came to light. The explosion was so strong that it was heard more than 3 kilometres away. \"The contractor apparently fled after he came to know about the incident and was untraceable. But we will find him soon,\" Chaturvedi said.The SSP has directed the Bazaarkhaala police to seek the assistance of ballistic experts to establish the exact causes of the blast. He said action will be initiated on the basis of the police investigations. If the fault is traced to be a result of the firm supplying the oxygen cylinder then action would follow accordingly. \"We are also trying to ascertain if proper safety measures were available at the site and whether Sanjay was provided with the safety gear for welding work,\" Chaturvedi said.A case was lodged with the Bazaarkhala police in connection with the incident and Sanjay's body was sent for postmortem. Police also seized the parts of the oxygen cylinder that exploded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17408523", "title": "Rajan bro anticipatory bail to be challenged", "text": "MUMBAI: The economic offences wing (EOW) probing a Rs 6.5 crore cheating case involving fugitive gangster Chhota Rajan's brother Deepak Nikhalje is likely to hire special public prosecutor Raja Thakare to oppose the accused's anticipatory bail.After two weeks of evading arrest in a cheating case, filed by a local builder Kartik Bhatt, pertaining to redevelopment of a property in Chembur, Nikhalje filed an anticipatory bail application before the sessions court. The court granted him interim relief till December 1.\"We will oppose his anticipatory bail as we need to question him in custody,\" said an EOW officer. In October, EOW officials raided Nikhalje's office and residence in Chembur and in Ghatkopar and recovered some documents, but they could not find him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17407643", "title": "Back-up boys assist England squad in India", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: England prepare for tomorrow well in advance. At the start of the tourists' India tour they lost Steven Finn through injury. Stuart Broad suffered bruises during a warm-up game but recovered well in time for the first Test at Ahmedabad.But England being England they leave nothing to chance. To ensure the national team doesn't succumb to further injury, ECB's Performance Programme squad, a product of the National Cricket Performance Centre (NCPC), is touring India as a back-up to the England squad.Compare this to our own National Cricket Academy. Set up by the BCCI at the Chinnaswamy Stadium in 2000 for scientific coaching and training of youngsters, it did succeed in ratcheting out stars like Yuvraj Singh , Gautam Gambhir , Harbhajan Singh , Rohit Sharma and Suresh Raina. But as the BCCI grew richer the role of the 'alma mater' gradually declined. Today, the NCA mainly serves as a rehabilitation centre for injured players.The NCA's England counterpart, the National Cricket Performance Centre, was set up in November 2003.Like the NCA, the NCPC had a similar mission: identify and select talented cricketers, and develop them through excellent coaching and support services. It aims to produce England cricketers, rather than cricketers who play for England.The results are there for all to see. Today, almost the entire England squad - barring, perhaps, Kevin Pietersen -- is a product of the NCPC's Performance Programme.\"The Performance Programme is like a stepping stone to get into the England squad. It serves as a back-up pool for the senior squad, so that if someone gets injured, a replacement is at hand,\" says NCPC operations manager Guy Jackson, who is in India with a Performance Programme side, which is playing a three-day practice game against a DY Patil Cricket Academy XI, at the DY Patil Stadium.Whenever the English team is on tour, a Performance Programme squad from the NCPC invariably tours the same country, usually at the same time. \"We plan our tours accordingly, so that the players can acclimatize to the conditions. We are here because the England team is here. When they were in Sri Lanka , we were there too. We will also be in Australia during the Ashes. It helps the senior team too, as they know that in case there's any requirement, people are ready to chip in,\" adds Jackson, who has been with the NCPC since 2006.England have already got two options to address their pace bowling and middle order woes, thanks to the performance of Steven Finn and Joe Root, who are representing the England Performance side in the ongoing practice game here.While Finn, who was ruled out of the first two Tests with a thigh strain, bowled a hostile spell in his four-wicket haul that helped bowl out DYPCA for 204, Root hit a majestic 166 as his side piled up 484 for 6 on Day 2 of the practice tie. Finn and Root are among five players -- the other three being Graham Onions , Stuart Meaker and Eoin Morgan -- who have been released from the England Test side for this game.With the third of the four Tests beginning at the Eden Gardens in Kolkata from December 5, Finn and Root's showings could not have come at a better time for England.With Stuart Broad looking off-colour in the first two Tests, a fit Finn, with his pace and bounce, can ease some workload off the tiring James Anderson . Root can be tried out in the middle order in place of the struggling Jonathan Trott to lend some solidity to the fragile middle order.Though the 22-year-old Root is an opener, he says he's comfortable at any position. \"The priority is to play for England. That's my dream. I can play in any position as per the team's requirements. I have been working hard on my bowling too, so that can give the captain more options. But I am not in a hurry to make my Test debut. I know my time will come, if I keep performing,\" said Root.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17408174", "title": "Bipolar woman attempts suicide", "text": "MUMBAI: A 21-year-old woman, diagnosed with bipolar disorder, attempted to end her life by torching herself at Sion station on Monday. Government Railway Police (GRP) officials said Sameera Shaikh had attempted suicide on a few occasions earlier too. She has sustained 70% burns and is admitted in the burns ward of Sion hospital.Sameera resides in Ghatkopar with her husband, Arif, an autorickshaw driver. According to the police, Sameera has been seeking treatment from three doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17408511", "title": "Good wedding venues hard to get during ongoing marriage season", "text": "PATNA: If you or your dear ones plan to tie the nuptial knot in the state capital during the ongoing winter marriage season and haven't yet finalized the venue, you have a tough task ahead even if you have deep pockets. For, almost all the community halls, banquet halls, hotels and playgrounds of schools and various localities are fully booked till December 15. Even though charges for the same and related services have gone up substantially compared to last year, no one seems to be complaining about having to spend big bucks for the once-in-a-lifetime event.Hotel Maurya remains the most favourite address for the elite of the society for marriage purposes. All its seven halls and two open spaces meant for the event are booked till December 15. \"We have taken 100% advance payment and have no scope for further booking. Our package includes food, service and venue,\" said PB Thapa, food and beverage manager of the hotel. For bookings, the hotel needs a minimum of 18 guests, while the maximum number can go up to 1,500 at its biggest space. A substantial increase in the cost of food - the charge for vegetarian and non-vegetarian 'thalis' having gone up to Rs 1,290 and Rs 1,400 from Rs 1,150 and Rs 1,250 respectively - has had no impact on people wanting to hold the event at the most posh address of the city.Hotel Chanakya is also fully booked till December 15. \"All our four halls with the capacity to accommodate up to 300 guests have been booked till December 15,\" said Nalini Dayal, assistant manager of the hotel. It has introduced Bengali and Rajasthani dishes especially for the wedding season, and increased the cost of its 'thali' by Rs 100 compared to last year. Here non-veg and veg 'thali' is available for Rs 870 and Rs 750, respectively.For those hard-pressed to find a good venue, there is a little bit of good news. The city's only revolving restaurant, Pind Balluchi, has scope for booking in December at its banquet hall, having a capacity of 500, located at the 16th floor of Biscomaun Tower. \"We are booked only on December 9 and December 11. We are charging only Rs 650 and Rs 800 for veg and non-veg 'thali', respectively. Along with snacks, desserts and main course, this restaurant is also providing barbecue, Chinese dishes, pasta and chaat.Though there is no scope for tying the knot at the floating restaurant, this venue has become the first choice for exchanging rings. \"We are booked throughout December for holding engagement ceremonies,\" said Gajendra Singh , public relation officer, Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation . For booking the floating restaurant, one has to shell out Rs 10,000 for every two hours.Besides hotels, almost all the clubs, community halls and banquet halls of the city are running full during this wedding season. New Patna Club, which allows booking for members and their relatives, is fully booked this year even though it increased its rates from Rs 7,500 for members and Rs 25,000 for member's relatives to Rs 10,000 and Rs 35,000, respectively. This covers veranda, lawn, guest room, kitchen space and parking. \"No booking is given to non-members,\" said, Shakeel Ahmed, manager of the club.Similarly, Shagun banquet hall at Dak Bungalow road charges Rs 1 lakh for booking. Amrapali banquet hall at Beer Chand Patel Marg charges Rs 500 for non-veg and Rs 475 for veg 'thalis' and has also been booked for the wedding season.Chetan Jha, a resident of Kankarbagh whose wedding is on December 4, failed to get any suitable space. Thus, he has been forced to organize his wedding at a playground near his house. \"Date for my wedding was finalized quite late, so when I went looking for space at various hotels and community halls, I was told that they were all booked, hence I decided to make arrangements at the open space in front of my house.\"Shivam Singh, a resident of Buddha Colony, who is getting married on December 6, is holding his wedding ceremony at the parking lot of his apartment. Similarly, many other people who failed to get booking for a good venue, have chosen playground of various schools in the city for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17408885", "title": "Bapu's chitra katha ready to dazzle kids", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mahatma Gandhi will soon be seen touching young and tender hearts. Additionally, it will be a welcome occasion for graphic novel lovers. Navjivan trust, the city-based publishing house founded by Mahatma Gandhi in 1929 which has over 600 titles in different languages to its credit, has now trained its focus on children.After years of reprinting Mahatma's autobiography - 'My Experiments With Truth', the trust has now decided to come out with a four part graphical biography of the father of the nation.Managing trustee of Navjivan, Vivek Desai says that at a time when children are hooked to comic series like Spiderman, Superman and Phantom which introduce them to violence at an early age, they realized that it was important to introduce the Gandhian way of life to children through the graphic format.Earlier, the trust toyed with the idea of producing an animation film but the graphical biography tipped favor.\"With an animation film, there would be issues of who would telecast it. Instead, the books can be easily read by children at home and in school,\" Desai says.\"Graphic biography will appeal to children as it has a visual element. If children get to know about Gandhi at an early age, they will automatically gravitate towards reading more about his life and work,\" says Desai.Navjivan trust officials said that the novel will be divided into four parts- Mahatma Gandhi's childhood, his life and work in South Africa , Gandhi and the freedom movement and life after independence.\"Each section will run into 40-50 odd pages. It will feature only significant events in the life of Mahatma Gandhi and the history of India so that the book does not become very lengthy\", says Desai.The dummy of the graphical biography is ready and will hit the market in the next six months.\"Initially it will be published in the English language and will be later introduced in regional languages as per demand\", Desai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17408393", "title": "Diabetic athlete does not let cancer slow her down", "text": "MUMBAI: One would think that two-time cancer survivor Mari Ruddy, who has also been suffering from diabetes since 30 years, would be weighed down by the sheer task of survival.Quite the contrary. The American is an athlete, coach and motivational speaker and supports women with Type-I diabetes, who are required to use insulin shots every day.Minnesota-based Ruddy, who was passing through Mumbai on a marketing assignment on Wednesday, addressed a press meet at a suburban hotel.\"I run a foundation called TeamWILD that coaches diabetic athletes in running, walking, cycling and swimming for the triathlon. We also teach them about proper nutrition and motivate them to stay focused,\" she said. Around 200 athletes have passed under the portals of TeamWILD.As founder of the Red Rider Recognition Program, Ruddy distributes jerseys with the slogan 'I Ride with Diabetes' to runners.\"My sister is married to a diabetic and my brother has Type-1diabetes just like I do. His six-year-old daughter keeps a carbohydrate count as well,\" said Ruddy.Soon after her arrival in Mumbai on Tuesday, the compulsive walker strode briskly outside the hotel, and \"breathed in the aroma\" of fresh vegetables and fruits when she chanced upon the neighbourhood market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17408879", "title": "Anchery Baby murder case: SIT interrogates MM Mani", "text": "KOCHI: The Special Investigation Team (SIT), probing the Anchery Baby murder case, interrogated CPM leader M M Mani for five hours before handing over him back to the court on Wednesday evening.Though the Nedumkandam court on Wednesday had granted police the custody of Mani till Friday, the SIT handed him over to the court as they got details on certain questions posed to Mani during the interrogation.Later, the court sent him to Peerumedu sub jail where he was remanded in judicial custody until December 4.Kochi range Inspector General K Padmakumar, who heads the SIT, said the team will be questioning Mani again after collecting statements from the other two CPM leaders -OG Madannan and Kainakarykuttan\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwho have been arrested in connection with the murder case.\"We will soon approach the court seeking custody of the other two CPM leaders,\" an officer said. Mani and the other CPM leaders were arrested by the SIT after the former made a controversial public speech that 'his party has committed murders to finish off their political opponents'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17409104", "title": "DC book fair begins", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The 14-day carnival of books, DC Intenational Book Fair, began at Kanakakkunnu Palace grounds on Wednesday. Filmmaker Girish Kasaravalli released the collection of Adoor Gopalakrishnan's film scripts: 'Adoor Gopalakrishnante 11 Thirakathakal' at the inaugural function to commemorate the 100th year of Indian Cinema.\"The book will give a lot of opportunities for film lovers to learn the intricacies of script writing and the adaptation of a literary work to cinema. Adoor considers each person in the audience a true 'rasika' or a pure 'sahrudaya' and gives equal participation for the filmmaker and the viewer in his films. The book will be a great tribute to Indian Cinema and its lovers,\" Kasaravalli said.Jnanpith awardee O N V Kurup expressed his anxiety over the declining reading habits and love for Malayalam among children. Film critic C S Venkiteswaran was presentintroduced Adoor's book to the audience addressing it as a 'gem' in film literature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17407918", "title": "Gyan Ganga Institute of Technology and Management holds competitions", "text": "BHOPAL: The student welfare department of Gyan Ganga Institute of Technology and Management (GGITM) organized various competition on its college campus to sharpen skills of the students. The competitions included painting, short story writing, debate and quiz among others. The painting competition was organized on the theme Beti hai to kal hai and Life in college. Kanchan Singh (electronics and communication branch) won the first prize on the theme Beti hai to kal hai, while Vishal Vaishnav (mechanical branch) came second. Ram Krishna Verma (electrical and electronics branch) won the third prize in the same event. In the short story writing, participants were asked to complete a short story. Nimit Tigga (computer science branch), Shubham Tiwari (mechanical branch) and Lucky Prajapati of (electrical and electronics branch) got first, second and third prize respectively. A debate competition too was organized on the topic Social Networking sites - Its Impact on Society. Saksham Pandey (mechanical branch) won the first prize while Mohit Charve and Raghvendra, (both from mechanical branch) won the second prize. Nikky Sabu (electronics and communication) and Pankaj Bhadauria (computer science branch) won the third prize in the same event.AISECT: AISECT University director Siddharth Chaturvedi is participating in a two-day conference being organized in Manila, Philippines from November 28. The conference is being organized by Asian Development Bank. According to an AISECT press release, Chaturvedi will give a presentation about the work of AISECT and its impact on the society. Abhishek Pandit of AISECT will also be a part of the conference. In all, 120 delegates from various nations are participating in the conference.Workshop: IIT Bombay will organize a ten-day online workshop at IES College of Engineering from December 11. According to college authorities, Prof Suresh Gawal of IES College recently took training at IIT Bombay for smooth conduct of the workshop. During the training programme, renowned experts of mechanical department of IIT Bombay including Prof U N Gaytonde, Prof U V Bhandarkar, Prof B P Pauranik and others will deliver various lectures and interact with the students online. Important topics to be discussed during the workshop will include rules of thermodynamics, zeroth law of temperature and others. The college will use around 100 computers for the smooth conduct of online workshop.Radharaman college: MBA students of Radharaman Group of Institutions recently visited the Govindpura industrial area as a part of their industry tour. During their visit, students got a practical knowledge about the management working and technical aspects of the industries. According to MBA head of the department, Dr S K Begde, the objective of the visit was to help students learn important aspects of industries which otherwise are not possible through classroom teachings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17408556", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcGuru Nanak visited Damdama Sahib\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "LUDHIANA: Braving early morning chill, devotees made a beeline at the historic Gurdwara Damdama Sahib on Wednesday to pay obeisance on the occasion of Gurpurb. Guru Nanak Dev is said to have visited the shine along with his disciple Bhai Mardana in 1515 during his first Udasi.Damdama Sahib Gurdwara president Sukhwinder Singh said, \"Guru Nanak and Bhai Mardana visited the Damdama Sahib Gurdwara and stayed here for a week. The duo usually sat near a well shaded by a peepal tree, which is still there.\" However, following the construction of the basement, the tree had to be cut but the well is still there, and the management plans to renovate it.Talking about his ancestors who also lived here, Sukhwinder said, \"Following the visit, my ancestors moved to Pakistan and established seven villages in Lyallpur, Pakistan. Later, during the Partition my family returned and settled in Dugri village near Gurdwara Damdama Sahib.\"Parvinder Singh, an advocate and resident of Phase II, Urban Estate, Dugri, who had come to pay obeisance at the gurdwara with his family, said, \"The gurdwara is sacred to Sikhs as the seat of one of our five 'takhts' or centres of highest religious authority. It has historical importance as it was visited successively by Guru Tegh Bahadur while travelling in these parts in the early 1670s, and Guru Gobind Singh who stayed here for over nine months in 1706. Tradition also recounts a visit by Guru Nanak during one of his journeys across the country.\" He added, \"I come here every year to celebrate Gurpurb with my family.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17408554", "title": "Dole to Muslim girls to promote child marriage?", "text": "LUCKNOW: Teen marriage has always been a hot button topic. The issue is debated endlessly but doesn't change the fact that teen marriages are still very much prevalent and quite common among poor Muslims. Considering this, the Akhilesh Yadav government's latest decision to give Rs 30,000 for education or marriage of class X pass poor Muslim girls, whose father's annual income is less than Rs 36,000 is now open to political debate.The government has earmarked Rs 250 crore for the scheme in the supplementary budget for the current financial year passed on Tuesday. The budget literature categorically states that the poor Muslim girls, whose fathers' net annual worth is not more than Rs 36,000 will be eligible for grants for pursuing their education beyond Class X, or marriage.Calling it blatant appeasement of Muslims by the ruling Samajwadi Party, the BJP says that it would divide the society on communal line. Calling upon the people to rise against it, BJP leader Hukum Singh said that the criteria for giving such a grant should be economic and not community. Terming it as only a 'glitter without purpose' for cheap popularity, he said the scheme would only increase the incidence of child marriages among poor Muslims and lose its basic purpose of promoting education among them.Contrary to this, the Samajwadi Party takes a different view. Parliamentary affairs minister Mohammed Azam Khan says: \"The decision has been taken in the backdrop of the Sachar Committee's report, according to which Muslims are even worse than dalits on the parameters like income, poverty, education, health and general lifestyle.\" Poverty is a curse in Muslim community and in such a situation a grant of Rs 30,000 is a great help to a poor father, if he wants to get her girl married after class X, Azam says.However, his argument makes no defence against checking child marriages, which are rampant among Muslim communities. A class X pass student is normally in the age group of 15 to 16.And going by the policy, the grant will be available for the marriage of any such girl if her father wishes so. But curiously, this is illegal under the Prohibition of Child Marriage Act, according to which the marriageable age of a girl is 18 years and 21 for boys.An effective mechanism to check the teen marriages could have been the mandatory registration of marriages. But the state government has so far been skirting the issue, predictably under pressure of the All India Muslim Personal Law Board, which is against it. The arguments given against the marriage registration is that Muslims marriages are governed by the Shariat and it does not allow it.\"Emphasis should be given on increasing economic opportunities for Muslims rather than indulging in short-term measures,\" says Tahira Hasan, a social activist. She said that the Akhilesh Yadav should revisit the scheme and increase the eligibility for such a grant after intermediate. This will serve the purpose of promoting the education as well as helping the poor Muslims for the good, Tahira points out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17408700", "title": "Four killed in road mishap in Gopalganj", "text": "PATNA: An irate mob blocked National Highway (NH)-28 near village Khoraspur under Muhammadpur police station in Gopalganj district after four persons were killed in a road mishap on Wednesday.Gopalganj SP Nitasha Gudia confirmed the death of three persons on the spot, while a child succumbed to his injuries at Gopalganj Sadar Hospital. She said three of the injured had been admitted to Sadar Hospital for treatment.Police said seven persons from Kapoorpakri village under Shikarganj police station in Motihari had come to Thawe temple for worshipping Maa Durga. As the jeep in which they were travelling approached towards a local fair at Dumaria Ghat, a speeding truck coming from behind dashed the jeep killing three on the spot and causing injuries to four others at around 3 pm. The truck driver managed to escape from the spot after the road mishap.Police said the injured were admitted to Gopalganj Sadar Hospital, where a child succumbed to his injuries. Agitated over the incident, the locals blocked the NH-28 for over two hours. On getting information, the local police reached the spot and tried to pacify the agitated mob, which were not in a relenting mood. The cops had a tough time in handling the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17407193", "title": "Assam needs more nursing schools to improve healthcare", "text": "GUWAHATI: The state government is not taking any initiative to increase the number of nursing schools in Assam . Although the number of hospitals in the state are increasing by the day, there is a dearth of qualified and trained nurses.The director of Pratiksha School of Nursing, Pramod Sharma, said most hospitals in the state do not have enough qualified nurses who can deliver quality service to the patients. He said, \"After the doctor, it is the nurse who is responsible for taking care of the patient. If the nurses are not qualified and trained how can they do their duty well? There are just 40-50 nursing schools in Assam.\"Although nursing as a profession is much sought-after these days and many young people, especially women, want to study nursing, there aren't enough nursing institutes to accommodate the aspiring candidates. \"Those who can afford it go outside the state to study nursing and go on to work in other states most of the time. In order to improve healthcare services in the state, it is very important that more nursing institutes are opened up that provide quality training and produce a higher number of nursing graduates,\" he added.The quality of nursing in the state is not up to the mark and experts say it requires a lot of improvement. The government should take the initiative to open up more schools that will impart training in modern nursing techniques.\"In many hospitals, both private and public, nurses don't even know how to give an injection to the patient, install saline bottles and handle instruments in the operation theatre. This is mainly due to lack of proper training and education. Improperly trained nurses cause the patients to suffer. Good qualified nurses can enhance healthcare because after the doctor treats a patients, it is the nurses who monitor them round the clock,\" Sharma added.It is usually seen that nurses from Manipur, Nagaland and Meghalaya provides the best service to patients, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17408367", "title": "Teachers, college students face vacation blues", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The winter break for teachers and postgraduate students in city colleges will be rather drab. College officials are asking teachers to serve as exam invigilators while students are facing the unpalatable prospect of appearing for exams when everyone else will be holidaying. Undergraduate students follow the annual system of exams and postgraduate students have the semester system. This time, exams for PG students will start from December 12 and end on January 8, 2013.Maintaining two systems for examinations puts officials of both colleges and the university in a tight spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17408792", "title": "Aamir's inspiration jayate: Son arranges match for mom", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Even as Bollywood superstar Aamir Khan is busy appealing for police protection for the kin of honour-killing victim Abdul Hakim who had appeared on his popular TV show 'Satyamev Jayate', a happy story emerged from the city. A son was inspired by an episode of the show which dealt with re-marriage of senior citizens. He convinced his widow mother to tie the knot again in the sunset of her life, on Wednesday.Sushant Jhala's mother Tara (47) married widower Dhanji Jadhav (52) in Vasna area of the city early on Dev Diwali morning. The couple wanted to get married, so that they could spend Diwali together, but the auspicious period for marriages began only on Wednesday. The couple got married early in the morning to make for an auspicious second innings together.Natubhai Patel of Vina Mulya Amulya Sewa (VMAS), who organized and solemnized the wedding at his residence, said that this the 51{+s}{+t} marriage of senior citizens arranged by his non-profit marriage bureau, which is dedicated to seniors.Tara's husband died five years ago and she lived alone in Bhuj, while Sushant is settled in Mumbai. \"I was always pained that my mother lives a lonely life in Bhuj. When I saw the episode of Satyamev Jayate where seniors shared their painful stories about living lonely lives and then saw stories of some who were happy after finding partners in the sunset of their lives, I was inspired to get my mother re-married,\" says Sushant.He convinced his mother and sent her bio-data to VMAS. She found a match in Dhanji Jadhav, a 52-year old widower whose wife died two years ago. He is a father of two daughters and a son. His children also wanted their father to find a partner.\"They liked each other and agreed to the match. Since Jadhav's parents are also alive, they too blessed the couple\", says Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17408922", "title": "Panel to decide school fire compensation", "text": "CHENNAI: More than eight years after 94 children died in the Kumbakonam school fire tragedy, the Madras high court has formed a one-man commission - headed by Justice (retd) P Shanmugam - to assess the degree of liability of the school and the government and fix a quantum of compensation to be paid to the victims' families.Justice D Hariparanthaman, concurring with the submissions of S Tamilarasan, counsel for Kumbakonam Fire Tragedy Victims' Association secretary K Inbaraj, on Wednesday said the commission should submit its report as early as possible, not later than six months.A total of 94 children perished in the July 16, 2004 fire in Sri Krishna School in Kumbakonam. Of them, 86 were aged between 5 and 10 years, while eight were above 10 years. The state government gave an ex-gratia of 1 lakh to the families of the children who died, 25,000 each to 15 children who suffered severe burns and 10,000 to three children who sustained minor injuries. It also formed a one-man commission headed by Justice (retd) K Sampath to go into the causes and circumstances leading to the accident and suggest measures to prevent such incidents. However, the association filed a petition in the high court seeking adequate compensation for the victims' families.Advocate general A Navaneethakrishnan submitted that the compensation package was adequate and that 58 families were allotted house sites by the government. In deference to their wishes, the government also built a memorial for the victims at a cost of 30.5 lakh, he said. Another one-man commission is not needed, he said.Justice Hariparanthaman, however, said the compensation paid to the families was hardly adequate, and the Justice Shanmugam committee should go into the liability and the corresponding compensation aspect of the tragedy, as it had not been covered by the Justice Sampath committee formed by the government after the incident.\"In my view, the compensation (already paid to the victims) would not absolve the government from paying adequate compensation to the families of the victims.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "17408172", "title": "Uneasy moments for Tibetans as leading US supporter alleges misuse of funds", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: US Republican Congressman Dana Rohrabacher, a known supporter of the Tibetan cause, has warned Lobsang Sangay, the prime minister of Tibetan government-in-exile, and other leaders against \"misspending US Funding meant for Tibetans.\"In a letter written to Sangay on November 19, Dona, who is also chairman of the sub-committee on Oversight and Investigations, has also charged that he and other Tibetan leaders are manipulating the news that is being reported by the Tibetan service of Radio Free Asia.According to Dana, this led to the sacking of Jigme Ngapo, the chief of the Tibetan-language service of Radio Free Asia (RFA).In a scathing attack Dana has said in his letter that \"I am writing to express my outrage. You and your cohorts must immediately cease making disparaging remarks and taking harmful actions aimed at the Tibetan service of Radio Free Asia.\"\"It has taken many years and hard work by the US Congress to convince and pressure the executive branch to give refuge, development assistance and support to the Tibetan people struggling against the Chinese communist regime. If US assistance has been misspent and goes into the pockets of communist Chinese and Tibetan power brokers, action will be taken,\" Dana has written.Dana, who had had also pressed for a boycott of the Beijing Olympics over China's treatment of Tibetans, has further written that \"I will also be closely scrutinizing the recipients of American aid within and outside Tibet to ensure that it goes to those for whom it was intended.\"However, Tibetan Parliament-in-exile on Wednesday strongly denied the allegations leveled by Dana.In a statement, Tibetan parliament-in-exile speaker Penpa Tsering said that Tibetan community was deeply saddened by the denigrating and unparliamentary language used by the Congressman.\"We are also alarmed at the serious allegations that you have made regarding misuse of US funding assistance for the Tibetans. We wish to state in unequivocal terms that any assistance by US received through the Central Tibetan Administration are accounted for and audited through proper democratic mechanisms with full transparency and accountability,\" said Tsering.\"We welcome scrutiny by any US agency on this matter,\" added Tsering in his statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "west midnapore", "code": "17410651", "title": "Teen nearly dies in 'snake-girl' cleansing ritual", "text": "West Midnapore: She was born with a curse that would turn her into a snake once she turned 15, a monk had declared. Sulekha Kamrui's parents took the warning seriously and lived in fear of losing their only daughter. On Tuesday, Sulekha's 15th birthday, she nearly lost her life in a cleansing ritual in which she was bathed in hundreds of litres of Ganga water, coconut water and milk.Her father Manik, an illiterate farmer, mother Archana and two other relatives have been arrested. A crowd of 5,000 had flocked from neighbouring areas to Sulekha's tiny hut in Gopinathpur village, some 70 km from Midnapore town, to \"see her turn into a snake\". They were angry with the administration's efforts to rescue the girl.A Class VIII student of Brahmaganj High School, Sulekha was no different from any other girl in the village. Yet, she lived in the shadow of a curse that has haunted her parents ever since she was born. They consulted local priests who suggested a huge yajna on her 15th birthday. Manik and Archana wasted no time or money in organizing one.The puja started in the evening. As the news spread, thousands started pouring in from Garbeta, Ghatal and Keshpur to witness the \"miracle\". The parents, along with scores of neighbours and hundreds of curious visitors, bathed the teenager for hours. The area around their house resembled a fairground. The cleansing went on till Sulekha lost consciousness. Even then the crowd jostled to see her as a rumour spread that she would turn into a snake any time now.While the metamorphosis never happened, the prolonged bath nearly cost Sulekha her life. Hundreds of litres of milk and coconut water nearly choked her to death in the dingy hut that was suffocatingly packed with visitors.The news reached Chandrakona OC Ashish Jain, who rushed to the spot along with SDO Anshuman Adhikari. The officers tried to reason with Sulekha's parents and the villagers to stop the bath and let her go but no one listened. Seeing the girl's condition, Jain forcibly took her from the parents and admitted her to Gurap hospital. \"She might have been killed had we not intervened. We have arrested four persons, including her parents, and they have been sent to court,\" said Jain. SDO Adhikari said they tried to reason with villagers but they refused to listen. \"This is nothing but superstition. The girl was being tormented and physically abused,\" said Adhikari. The other two arrested are Sulekha's brother Surjyakanta and cousin Kinkar Shikhar.Illiteracy and superstition are the real curse of rural India, said Indranil Saha, assistant professor of psychiatry, Calcutta Medical College. \"This incident shows how dangerous superstition could be. And how deep-rooted such beliefs still are in our society,\" Saha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17408025", "title": "Indore consumers yet to submit KYC forms", "text": "INDORE: Although only a few days are left for the deadline for regularization of multiple domestic LPG connections at the same address, a large number of consumers in Indore have not submitted their know-your-customer (KYC) form to their respective gas agency.President of Madhya Pradesh chapter of All India LPG Distribution Federation, Suraj Kero said the last date of submitting the KYC form is November 30, but still a large number of consumers have not submitted their forms. The deadline may be extended by another 15 days that is up to December 15.He further said according to the instructions issued by the ministry of petroleum and natural gas, customers holding multiple gas connections are expected to submit the KYC form with proof of identity and address. The list of such customers has already been published on the websites of respective oil marketing companies and also at the offices of distributors.Agencies said only nearly fifty per cent of target customers have submitted the forms so far with two days left for expiry of deadline. As many customers are yet to submit their forms the deadline may be extended further.It is to be noted that as per new rule the multiple connections would automatically be blocked if a customer fails to submit the KYC form before expiry deadline. The details of every customer are already available with the agencies and oil companies.Kero said once connection is blocked then it will be unlocked only after getting necessary permission from government and it will be a complex issue. Thus we urge people to submit their KYC before deadline to avoid any inconvenience.The KYC forms are available with all distributors free of cost. It is also available in a downloadable format at the respective websites of oil companies, which can be accessed by the customers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17408028", "title": "Industry bodies up ante against power shortage", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Irked at the inability of the government to ensure supply of adequate power, industry bodies in city finally joined hands on Wednesday to slam the state government and Andhra Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission (APERC) and demanded that licenses be granted to new units, only if the District Industries Centre could promise regular supply of electricity.Addressing a media conference here on Wednesday, Rushikonda IT Park Association vice-president Naresh Kumar lashed out saying the state was headed for the 'dark ages' because instead of penalising the staff of AP discoms for their inefficiency, the industry was being burdened with hefty fines for no fault of theirs.\"Though AP discoms incur 17 per cent transmission losses, none of them are penalised for their inefficiency. However, if a firm crosses 10 per cent of the overdraw limit set by government during peak hours between 6 pm to 10 pm, they are penalised with a hefty fine of six times,\" Naresh said.\"If the government is unable to supply power, it should at least allow industries to purchase electricity from independent producers. IT players, cinema halls, hotels, small scale as well as heavy industries are all bearing the brunt of inefficiency of the APERC,\" Naresh said. With defence projects worth Rs 5,000 crore expected to be set-up in the region in the coming years, CII vice-chairman G Sambasiva Rao said that other private industries would be hit as the state government would deny the latter power in order to meet their demands.Vamsi Kishore, joint secretary, AP Film Chamber of Commerce, said cinema theatres were paying Rs 3 to 4 crore as entertainment tax to GVMC, Rs 2 crore as property tax and another Rs one crore as other taxes to the civic body and sought a rebate in taxes to assuage the losses being incurred by them due to the unending shortage of power.Ramakrishna Narappareddy, president, Visakha Autonagar small scale Industrialists Welfare Association, said that the next four months are crucial for industries, the state government and APERC should take measures to supply adequate power to industries in the region.CII secretary M V Narayana Rao, on the other hand said that the CM has only acknowledged the problems faced by the industries in the region but now needs to offer some solutions to remedy the situation. Speaking for the hotel industry, S Prasanth, general manager, Hotel Daspalla, said they were being forced to cough up Rs 25,000 each day to run diesel generators in addition to a penalty of Rs 2.5 lakh for crossing the 10 per cent limit set by APERC. He demanded that the least the government could do was to provide industry the technology to restrict usage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17409455", "title": "Women oppose talaq via SMS, phone &amp; email", "text": "JAIPUR: Bharatiya Muslim Mahila Andolan (BMMA), a rights organization, has launched a campaign against the practice of pronouncing divorce via SMS, email and phone, calling it a violation of the rights of women enshrined in the Quran.The BMMA is aghast at the increasing divorce cases using these modern tools. It said victims of such practices are mostly women from economically poor classes unaware of their rights.\"Muslim men have adapted to new tools for divorce which is against the Quranic injunction which demands arbitration before divorcee proceedings,\" said Nishat Hussain of BMMA. `These new methods for divorce have come from the Western countries and has inflated the number of divorce cases.''The BMMA has cited quotations from the Quran to show that arbitration in divorce is mandatory but is not practiced due to ignorance. `Neither t hey ( women) have the courage to approach clerics nor do they get any remedy from the state bodies. The condition of such women is very deplorable and they become vulnerable for harassment,'' said another BMMA member.\"Such victims find no support. Bodies like the Women's Commission , Minorities' Commission and Personal Law Board always keep away from taking up such cases leaving the onus on the clerics for justice ,\" said Hussain. She further stated that in most of the cases, they found the dubious role of clerics favoring men.The BMMA asked the state government to declare the practice of unilateral divorce as illegal.The organization opined that Muslim family law must be codified so that those violating the law are punished.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17410020", "title": "Petrol dealers urge Moily to revise marketing guidelines", "text": "MYSORE: Members of the Mysore region of Petroleum Dealer's Co-ordination Committee have appealed Union minister for petroleum and natural gases M Veerappa Moily to solve issues that were inconveniencing the dealers and also to implement the Apurva Chandra Committee report.During the minister's recent visit, the committee members, including its president S K Dinesh, submitted a memorandum and petitioned the Moily to revise the marketing discipline guidelines saying the present guidelines were inconveniencing them.They have also claimed that mushrooming of new retail outlets was threatening the existing dealers. \"Having ventured into this business and with no alternative in sight, we are in a precarious situation and are finding it difficult even to survive,\" they said.Stating that power cost was a major component for dealers, they have requested installation of solar lamp posts in all outlets to reduce the dependence on electricity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17409069", "title": "New DSP office in Nadapuram", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Government has decided to carve out a new police sub-divisional office at Nadapuram taking into consideration the volatile nature of the area. A DSP office and control room will be opened at Nadapuram besides creating 60 new posts.The decision was taken at the cabinet meeting at Thiruvananthapuram on Wednesday.The Kuttiady, Nadapuram and Perambra circle offices, which are now under the Vadakara DSP, will come under the proposed sub-divisional office. Koyilandi circle office, which is presently under the Thamarassery DSP, will be brought under the Vadakara DSP.The proposal for a new sub-divisional office at Nadapuram has been lying pending before the government for a long time. A fresh proposal was submitted to the government recently in the wake of political clashes in Onchiyam after the murder of RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan. The communally sensitive areas such as Valayam, Kallachi, Kakkattil and Nadapuram will come under the new sub-division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17409294", "title": "Govt plans to revive herbal health scheme", "text": "RANCHI: The state social welfare department is planning to revive the plan of providing herbal health tonic to the children at anganwadi centres to deal with the problem of meagre allocation of funds that forced the workers to compromise with the quality of food.Most of the anganwadi centres in the state are given Rs 7,000 per month to provide food to children and foodgrains to pregnant and lactating mothers.The compromise with the quality of food, however, does not help bringing down the high rate of malnutrition among children in the state.Social welfare minister Vimla Pradhan said, \"We made the proposal of giving health tonic to the children a few months ago, but the plan could not take off as the budget for it was not allocated. We are planning to work on it again for which the budget will be prepared soon.\"The Maharashtra government was the first to provide health tonic at anganwadi centres, as a result of which the level of malnutrition declined in the state.Pradhan said, \"We saw the reports of Maharashtra government and decided to provide a similar tonic to the children. We are planning to give two 100 ml files to every child in a month.\"According to Unicef data, currently almost 60% (15 lakh) children of the state below the age of five years suffer from malnutrition. Similarly 57% of the children below five years are underweight and 70% children between the age of six months and four and a half years are anaemic.Also the infant mortality rate in the state is 44 per thousand live births.Dulari Tirkey, an anganwadi worker, said, \"There are almost 35 children in our anganwadi centres and we get only Rs 7,000 per month. We do not just have to provide food with this amount to children but also send foodgrains for pregnant mothers and newborn children in villages. As a result, I have to compromise with the quality of food. We provide daliya in the morning and rice and soyabean curry to children in the afternoon which is not sufficient to provide all nutrients of all kinds.\"The main reason behind compromise of food quality is that in the past three years, the cost of every commodity has skyrocketed but the nutrition funds paid to the anganwadi workers have not been revised.Shiela Devi, an anganwari worker of Kanke block said, \"Earlier, the rice we got for Rs15/kg is now available for Rs 25/kg. In such a situation, we have to compromise by not giving the chidlren green vegetables in their meals.Earlier, we used to provide green vegetables and pulses, but now it is usually khichdi or rice and soybean curry.\"Pradhan said, \"The 'poshahar' is fixed by the central government. We have demanded for the revision of prices but now it's in the hands of the Centre to revise the funds. This is the reason that we decided to introduce health tonic as a nutritional supplement.\"Ranchi: The state social welfare department is planning to revive the plan of providing herbal health tonic to the children at anganwadi centres to deal with the problem of meagre allocation of funds that forced the workers to compromise with the quality of food.Most of the anganwadi centres in the state are given Rs 7,000 per month to provide food to children and foodgrains to pregnant and lactating mothers. The compromise with the quality of food, however, does not help bringing down the high rate of malnutrition among children in the state.Social welfare minister Vimla Pradhan said, \"We made the proposal of giving health tonic to the children a few months ago, but the plan could not take off as the budget for it was not allocated. We are planning to work on it again for which the budget will be prepared soon.\"The Maharashtra government was the first to provide health tonic at anganwadi centres, as a result of which the level of malnutrition declined in the state. Pradhan said, \"We saw the reports of Maharashtra government and decided to provide a similar tonic to the children. We are planning to give two 100 ml files to every child in a month.\"According to Unicef data, currently almost 60% (15 lakh) children of the state below the age of five years suffer from malnutrition. Similarly 57% of the children below five years are underweight and 70% children between the age of six months and four and a half years are anaemic. Also the infant mortality rate in the state is 44 per thousand live births.Dulari Tirkey, an anganwadi worker, said, \"There are almost 35 children in our anganwadi centres and we get only Rs 7,000 per month. We do not just have to provide food with this amount to children but also send foodgrains for pregnant mothers and newborn children in villages. As a result, I have to compromise with the quality of food. We provide daliya in the morning and rice and soyabean curry to children in the afternoon which is not sufficient to provide all nutrients of all kinds.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17408527", "title": "Lecture on leadership", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ludhiana Management Association organized a lecture on \"Responsible Leadership as Enunciated in Bhagwad Gita\" in the memory of its former president late Manjit Singh at a city hotel on Wednesday.The lecture was delivered by Anil Kumar, executive director and CEO of Shreyans Industries, who is a former president of the association and a management professional known as an efficient guide on management principles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17409072", "title": "Govt flayed for poor publicity of sand fest", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The tourism department has come under criticism for poor promotion of the International Sand Art Festival starting at Konark on the sidelines of the annual Konark Festival, from December 1.Tour operators alleged that the department was not treating the Sand Art Festival on a par with the Konark festival. \"Publicity for the Sand Art Festival has not been proper. There are no hoardings and billboards advertising the event. Compared to last year, the tourism department has done little to popularize the event,\" said Kartik Choudhury, a city-based tour operator.Renowned sand sculptor Sudarsan Pattnaik, who is the brand ambassador of the second edition of the global event, said he had urged tourism minister Maheswar Mohanty for adequate publicity for the programme. \"I have written to the minister requesting promotion of the event. Posters and hoardings should also be put up at Puri, which is choc a bloc with tourists now,\" Pattnaik said.Tourism director H S Upadhyay, however, said the department had taken enough steps to promote both the Konark Festival and the Sand Art Festival.Ten sand artists from five countries and 20 sculptors from India would participate in the five-day event, which will be held on Chandrabhaga beach, nearly 2 km from Konark. Indian artists will also take part in a competition which carries cash awards of Rs 1 lakh, Rs 50,000 and Rs 30,000, for the first three places respectively. Foreign artists would be paid a consolidated amount daily. The 10 foreign artists participating in the event are from Norway, Holland, Mexico, Germany and France, Pattnaik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17407000", "title": "3 Keri range forest office officials booked for taking bribe", "text": "PANAJI: The anti-corruption bureau (ACB) of the directorate of vigilance on Wednesday booked three officials of the range forest office (RFO), Keri, Sanquelim, for accepting a bribe of 10,000.ACB sources said that Tukaram Korgaonkar's truck was seized on November 2 for transporting bamboo from Kudchirem village in Mayem constituency without permission. Korgaonkar, a resident of Kudal, Maharashtra, had since then been meeting the forest officials to get his truck released and had even paid them around 20,000 in this regard.\"When Korgaonkar realized that even after paying them the money, they were not releasing his vehicle, he made a deal to pay them another 10,000 on Wednesday at 5pm, recorded this conversation and approached the ACB along with the complainant, Devanand Gholkar,\" said ACB source s.\"As soon as Korgaonkar handed over the money to the forest officials, the ACB staff caught red-handed the range forest office in-charge, Mahanand Paryekar, deputy ranger Eknath Soiroji, forester and guard Subash Arundekar- all posted at the range forest office at Tulsimala, Kerim-Sanquelim,\" said ACB sources.The offence was registered under Section 7 r/w 13(1)(d) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988. An investigation into the case is in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17407694", "title": "Pathak does 'homework' before taking charge", "text": "NAGPUR: Additional director general of police, administration, Keshav Pathak, posted as next city police chief, conducted a warm-up survey along with his future second-in-command joint commissioner of police Sanjay Saxena before he taking up reins on December 1.Pathak, who flew to city on Wednesday, reviewed the security blueprint for the winter session of state legislature set to start from December 10. The 30{+t}{+h} CP for the city police perhaps is going to be the first top cop who would move into the hot seat just a week ahead of the challenge of handling the security of the hordes of VIPs along with regular law and order situation. He held a meeting of senior officials at the chamber of the Jt CP Saxena who later accompanied him for a security review tour.Saxena, who was already exposed to the a mammoth task last year, briefed the next CP who ducked media's curiosity about him. It is learnt that Pathak went to Vidhan Bhavan to have a first-hand feel of the security arrangement. He took special care to scan the parking place.Pathak's tour is also learnt to have included the MLA hostel where most of the legislators would be staying. He also went to Ravi Bhavan to review the security. Sources also claimed Pathak later went to Chief Minister's official residence at Ramgiri and deputy CM's home 'Devgiri'.Pathak was also briefed about the traffic arrangements, morcha routes and stopping points apart from vehicular diversions during the winter assembly. It is learnt that Pathak reviewed the arrangements at other sensitive places like Raj Bhavan. There was also a rumour of his visiting the RSS headquarters but he opted to postpone it.On Thursday, Pathak is learnt to be heading towards the police headquarters to know the arrangements made for the personnel coming to city from outside for session bandobast. Pathak's second day of homework is learnt to be revolving around the residential and other facilities meant for security personnel and officials.Several former top cops including ex-CPs of the city like SPS Yadav and OP Bali were present in the city on Wednesday to attend a high profile marriage. Pathak, too is learnt to have attended the marriage, and spent considerable time with Bali and senior IPS officer Rashmi Shukla at the police gymkhana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17408890", "title": "Kochi-Muziris Biennale 2012: Fest organizers welcome probe", "text": "KOCHI: The Kochi Biennale Foundation, organizers of the Kochi-Muziris Biennale 2012, has welcomed the vigilance inquiry ordered by the government. Assuring all support and cooperation to the inquiry, they said that it would reveal that the activities of the foundation were open and transparent. \"These rumours and baseless allegations are designed to distract public attention from our goal to celebrate and promote art,\" said Bose Krishnamachari and Riyas Komu, office-bearers of the foundation.\"We believe the Biennale will put our state and the city of Kochi on the world art map,\" they said. The Kochi-Muziris Biennale, which begins on December 12 offers to make Kochi a global centre of contemporary art, celebrating culture, history, heritage, traditions and artists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407914", "title": "KG Marg parking will not damage baoli, says Intach", "text": "NEW DELHI: There's finally good news for office-goers in Connaught Place. India National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (Intach) has recently submitted heritage bylaws for 13th century Agrasen ki Baoli to the ASI and recommended that the NDMC multi-storey parking project in KG Marg will not affect the monument. The recommendation is expected to go a long way in helping NDMC and concessionaire DS Constructions get the coveted nod from National Monuments Authority for the much delayed project.The bylaws, which have been submitted to the Archaeological Survey of India, will now be forwarded to the NMA alongwith ASI's recommendations for the project. Though the final decision will lie solely with NMA based on their own internal scrutiny and expert discussions, the bylaws are expected to play an influencing role in determining the project's future. According to sources, Intach has said that the parking project will not have any impact on the baoli or any negative heritage impact as the distance is over 200m and in a relatively 'safe zone'.Intach has also added in their report that while ground water recharge will be very difficult for the stepwell as the water table has gone very low, the baoli could become an important site for rainwater harvesting. The bylaws also stress upon the need for landscaping and improving the surroundings around the monument.The bylaws are the second that have been submitted to ASI, after Sher Shah Gate. Intach is currently working on the bylaws of half-a-dozen more monuments in south Delhi where most of the information is already available with them through local area plans. While the costs for preparing the bylaws for each monument is ranged at approximately Rs 3.5 lakh, Intach is trying to work out an agreement with ASI to work out the costs.KG Marg parking is located 216m from Agrasen ki Baoli, and Intach has been entrusted with the task of making the bylaws. In order to give an NOC to NDMC and DS Constructions for the project, NMA had asked that a heritage impact assessment report be prepared. Officials from Intach said the bylaws would incorporate findings by environment experts also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17407483", "title": "HC seeks state government's stand on cell towers", "text": "HYDERABAD: The high court on Wednesday granted three weeks time to the state government to spell out its stand on whether it intends to bring any amendment to the GO issued with regard to erection of cell towers. A division bench comprising acting Chief Justice P C Ghose and Vilas V Afzulpurkar was dealing with a batch of writ petitions filed by various telecom companies, cell tower providers, individuals and neighbours of buildings where cell towers have come up, challenging the GO and also the action of the government in collecting building fee from the telecom companies for erection of the towers.The government issued a GO in 2008 by framing guidelines for erection of cell towers across the state. The government stipulated a condition that the applicant shall obtain approval of the Air Traffic Controller, Airport Authority of India (AAI) besides getting NOC from the surrounding building owners.The telecom companies contended that the Centre has already constituted a standing advisory committee in which the AAI is one of the members to grant site clearance to erect cell towers. When the standing advisory committee has already granted clearance, there was no necessity to obtain approval from the ATC.The companies also said that it was very difficult for them to obtain NOC from the surrounding building owners and argued that it will suffice if the owner allows them to install the tower on his building. They also opposed the collection of building fee by the local civic body for towers.N Sridhar Reddy, special counsel for the state government, brought to the notice of the court that a division bench of this court earlier defined the cell tower as a building and it is not a part of the existing building and allowed the local bodies for collection of building fee from the telecom providers.Reacting to the submissions, Justice Ghose said that the bench will pronounce its decision after three weeks on all the petitions. Meanwhile, the counsel representing the neighbours of buildings where the cell towers have come up was directed to file affidavits indicating their contentions. The bench also told the government counsel to file a single counter affidavit on all the petitions to enable the bench to pronounce its order after three weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17408268", "title": "No FIR yet over scuffle between cops and motorist", "text": "MUMBAI: A motorist, Manoj Shukla (36), who had a run-in with two traffic cops on the Goregaon Link Road on Tuesday, was penalized for 'indecent behaviour in public,' but no FIR was registered in the matter by the Bangur Nagar police even 24 hours later. Eyewitnesses had seen Shukla scuffle with the two cops, Kanhaiyalal Shinde and Rajendra Gavle. The traffic police have instituted an inquiry over the incident.Shukla is a scriptwriter and resides at Goregaon (W). He was travelling in his Fiat with his wife when the incident took place. \"Shukla was penalized Rs 1,200 under section 110 of the Bombay Police Act and released on a personal bond. The traffic police also charged him for driving without a licence and using dark film on the windowpanes of his car, in violation of Supreme Court orders,\" said Raghunath Bagul, senior inspector, Bangur Nagar police station. \"Until Shinde or Gavle press specific charges of assault against Shukla, we can't lodge an FIR against him on our own,\" Bagul added.Shukla told cops that Shinde and Gavle had acted harshly, in excess of their powers, and had also damaged his vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17407745", "title": "Pavnar girl wins 2nd spot inbudding scientist contest", "text": "NAGPUR: From being the silent, hesitant girl from a small town, she went on to become a national winner. The story of Riddhi Chhajed may sound similar to many a work of fiction that hail the underdog, but it is her true story.The sixth standard student of Swami Vivekanand International School of Pavnar recently stood second in the third national Braincafe budding scientist contest for her project called 'Parabolic solar cooker-cum-water heater' in the category of standard 5-6. This was the third edition of the competition. The event was held in the presence of Anil Kakodkar, chairman of Rajiv Gandhi Science Centre and Subhash Chandra , chairman of Essel Group. Though the win in itself is a big accomplishment, those close to Riddhi believe that it is the change of her persona that occurred while preparing for and participating in the competition that is more cherishable.\"As soon as I heard of the competition, I knew I wanted to participate. My father works a lot with solar energy and I sit with him in his workshop for long hours asking him what he does. With the LPG prices increasing and with my father's ready guidance, I decided to do the project on solar energy,\" says the wise, little girl. She adds the wish that she can contribute to making more solar energy-based equipment that can make energy affordable to the poor. Though Riddhi may come across as a nerd at first, her interests also include dancing, playing basketball and skating, where she has competed at the districts level too.Riddhi's father Niermal Chhajed is an engineering teacher and his interests have rubbed on to the little girl from a very early age. \"It has always been more important for me to explain her things. Even when she said she would be taking part in this competition, I told her that I would only guide her and not do any work she was supposed to do,\" said the proud father. Though he ended up doing a large part of the project for the first level of the competition, the ratio of inputs went on decreasing in subsequent levels.\"Riddhi was always a silent and shy girl. So, we were surprised when she stood third in the zonal competition. Ever since, her confidence has risen. In fact, we were all pleasantly surprised that she could give such a brilliant presentation on such a big stage. It is a proud feeling that she has earned a name for herself as well as for Wardha,\" said Archana Golccha, principal of Riddhi's school.During the competition, the half-yearly exams were being held in the school. School authorities helped take the examination pressure off Riddhi by rescheduling the exams for her. College officials, including chairman Laxmanrao Pisulakar, secretary Dr Gajanan Pisulkar, advisor Dr Shweta Pisulkar and academic director Dr Surendra Das extended support to Riddhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17407867", "title": "Two tribals paraded naked in Betul village for 'sorcery'", "text": "BHOPAL: Two elderly tribal persons were paraded naked with stones tied around their neck by a village panchayat in Betul district on suspicion of their involvement in sorcery. The incident took place at Arul Dhana village on Wednesday morning.The issue started on Tuesday after villagers spotted Chunnilal (65) and Tokilal (60) - collecting water used to wash the body of deceased Phool Singh, during his funeral rites.The villagers suspected they were collecting water for, black magic. Next day, panchayat decided to parade them naked in the village, said police.The Betul Bazar police have arrested two persons - Ashok and Raju - deceased's nephew, under section 294, 323, 506, 34 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17409592", "title": "Joe XI beat Union Bank to retain Ambernath hockey title", "text": "MUMBAI: Joe XI for the second successive year bagged the top honours in the men's event of the Fr. Agnel, Ambernath hockey tournament on Wednesday.Joe XI riding on Devender Valmiki's fine brace overcame Union Bank of India by a 3-1 margin. Vinod Nair netted the third goal for the winners, while Rajat Sharma scored for the losers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17409126", "title": "Kartika Purnima marred by accidents, deaths", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The celebration of the maritime glory of Odisha on the occasion of Kartika Purnima on Wednesday was marred by the death of eight persons in separate road mishaps and a drowning incident in different districts.A truck rammed into a roadside tree in Sambalpur, killing two men travelling in the truck. The deceased were identified as Sunil Sahu (30) of Jarpada and Pradeep Sahu (24) of Rairakhol, police said. The accident occurred at Rambadmal along the Sambalpur-Cuttack highway when the truck's driver, Rinku Seth (28), lost control of the vehicle, veering it off the road. A profusely bleeding Seth was rushed to VSS Medical College and Hospital in Burla. \"His condition was stable,\" inspector in-charge of Jujomora police station PK Dash said.In Dhenkanal, three persons were killed and two others injured when a truck overturned at Ambilthi village under Hindol police station limits in the wee hours of Wednesday. The deceased, who were travelling in the truck, were identified as Pitambara Bhoi (30), Sribaschha Bhoi (40) and Sonu Nayak (28), all residents of Angul district.Police said the truck, carrying five persons, was returning to Mahidharpur from Bhaganapur village when the accident occurred. \"The truck hit an electric pole after the driver lost control,\" Birabara Behera, the inspector in-charge of Hindol police station, said. The two injured are undergoing treatment at SCB Medical College and Hospital in Cuttack.A pall of gloom hung over Bhadrak after three people, including two brothers, drowned in different rivers during the celebration of Kartika Purnima. The tragedies struck when the victims were sailing boats in the waterbodies as part of the celebration.Jagan Barik (23) a resident of Anandapur village under Dhamnagar police station limits drowned in the Baitarini while taking a dip, whereas the two brothers, Gopal Tripathy (5) and Gobind Tripathy (9), of Bhandaripokhari area drowned in a village tank.\"Barik had gone with his friends to the Sidheswar ghat of the Baitarini to sail boats. He was trapped in the river muck and drowned. He did not know swimming,\" a police officer said. His body was fished out by firefighters. Similarly, Gopal and Gobind, after being rescued from the water tank, were rushed to the nearest hospital, but were declared dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "17410055", "title": "4 vehicles torched after accident", "text": "BARASAT: Violence broke out on Taki Road in north Barasat after a youth was crushed under the wheels of a truck around 10pm on Wednesday.A mob blocked the road near Mashumalipur village and set the truck on fire. Then they dragged a patient off an ambulance and set it on fire. A private bus was their next target. After ordering all the passengers off, the mob poured petrol and set it ablaze. Another bus was similarly gutted.Witnesses said that the accident occurred while a huge procession was on its way to immerse a Jagadhhatri idol. A reveller happened to come in front of the truck and the driver could not swerve due to the frenzy all around. However, the other revellers blamed the driver. He managed to flee in the chaos but the mob set the truck on fire.Platoons from the Rapid Action Force and Combat Force rushed to the spot to control the situation. Six rioters have been arrested.Mob set fire on a truck, and attempted to set ablaze two more buses at Barasat, following a road accident on Wednesday night.Police said that the problem broke out at Mashumalipur village of Barasat near Kalikapur on Taki Road around 10pm.A huge procession was heading for the immersion of Jagadhhatri idol. A truck reportedly entered in the procession. A youth from the procession suddenly came in front of the truck. The driver could not control the wheels and the youth was crushed under the wheels of the truck.Soon after the accident, more than hundred strong crowd turned furious and stopped the truck. The driver and cleaner of the vehicle managed to escape. Mob torched the truck. Two buses were behind the truck. Furious mob forced the passengers to get down off the bus and they tried to put fire on two buses. Before that they ransacked both buses and an auto.Police from Barasat police station rushed to the spot but initially could not enter facing the violent crowd. After getting reinforcement from Doltala police line, police reached the spot and detained six rioters. Police comprising Rapid Action Force and Combat force are now trying to control the situation. Till now police could not confirm the identity of the victim youth. Mob forced patient out of ambulance nad set it on fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17410159", "title": "Water release starts from Mula dam", "text": "AURANGABAD: Water released from Mula dam started flowing towards Jayakwadi reservoir on Wednesday. The water release is the first stage of the total quantum of nine thousand million cubic (TMC) metres of water that will be provided from upstream dams in Ahmednagar and Nashik districts for the Jayakwadi dam. A total of three TMC of water will be released from the Mula dam.The quantum received will be completely reserved to meet the industrial and drinking water needs of Marathwada region. \"The water was released around 9 am at the rate of 5,650 cubic feet per second (cusec),\" said Jaisingh Hire, sectional engineer at Command Area Development Authority (CADA).Hire said the rate of flow was increased later by 7,000 cusecs according to the figures recorded around 2pm on Wednesday which was increased to 9,000 cusecs.The distance to be travelled by the water from Mula dam to the dam is 52 km. \"The water is expected to reach Kaygaon Toka around 10am on Thursday. It will take around 24 hours for the released water to start flowing into the reservoir,\" said Hire.Water would flow from the Pravara river and recordings observed at 2pm show that the water had travelled 20 km. The water will be released for the next four days, he added.Hire said that the second stage of water release from Darna dam and Bhandardara-Nilwande dam will begin simultaneously on Thursday around 8am.There are around 150 police officials and other authorities from Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Corporation Limited (MSEDCL), Revenue department and water resources department for vigilance purposes. Watch on unauthorized lifting of water is being kept on tab round the clock, Hire said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17410316", "title": "Now, chickenpox piggybacks on change of season", "text": "KANPUR: After dengue, the changing seasons have brought with them chickenpox and conjunctivitis which are now being reported in large numbers from the city.Chickenpox is a mild, but highly infectious condition caused by the Varicella-Zoster virus. The virus spreads in moist conditions, especially during seasonal change. It spreads through air when an infected person coughs or sneezes, or through contact with the fluid from chickenpox blisters. While it is most commonly found in children under 10, doctors say one can contract the disease at any age.\"People generally believe that chickenpox occurs from February to March, but its wrong. This disease knocks the door with every season change. For the past three years, the advent of winters has been unusual, which has caused a spurt in chickenpox cases,\" said Dr Shailendra Tiwari, physician at Ursala Horseman Memorial Hospital.He also advised people to take antidotes for chickenpox which are available in both allopathic and homeopathic forms. The experts also said vaccination may not always make a person totally secure from the disease.\"The vaccine is a precaution, not the permanent solution. The virus always come with enhanced strength and antidotes are the only resistant measure for the same,\" said Dr Anil Gupta, another physician.The doctor also advised the people to not give antidotes to the person who is already suffering from the infection as it can cause hemorrhage. They also asserted that vaccination only prevents the ailment, and there therefore is no point giving a shot to a person who is already infected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17409874", "title": "Vivekanand Express at Khadki on November 29, 30", "text": "PUNE: The Vivekananda Express , an exhibition train, will reach Khadki railway station on November 29. It will be open for citizens on November 29 and 30 at the station.The train is showcasing the life, works and teachings of Swami Vivekananda through various photographs and audio-visual programmes.The exhibition will remain open on November 29 between 1pm and 6 pm and on November 30 between 10 am and 6 pm. The train has travelled from Manmad station, said a railway official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "17409682", "title": "Tibetan killed in SUV-lorry collision", "text": "KARWAR: A Tibetan was killed and three were injured in a collision between an SUV and a lorry near Sunkasal in Ankola taluk on Wednesday.The victim is Lama Sam Chentuka. He was going to Mundgod to participate in a programme to welcome Dalai Lama who is scheduled to visit Mundgod on Thursday. The three injured have been shifted to the Hubli hospital. Ankola police are investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407499", "title": "Court denies alimony as woman fails to prove she was neglected", "text": "NEW DELHI: A woman's plea for maintenance from her husband, a retired government employee, was dismissed by a Delhi court as she failed to show that she was being neglected by him.ASJ Pawan Kumar Jain dismissed the woman's appeal saying there was no doubt that the husband has \"sufficient means\" but the woman, who had married him three decades ago, cannot be granted maintenance unless she proves he had refused to maintain her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17406990", "title": "MoD probing Mazagon Dock\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s JVs for warships", "text": "NEW DELHI: The defence ministry has initiated a vigilance inquiry into Mumbai-based Mazagon Dock Ltd's (MDL) move to set up joint ventures with private sector players in the face of allegations that these might be in violation of government guidelines.The MDL management is close to signing its first JV with Pipavav Shipyard (now Pipavav Defence and Offshore Engineering Company Limited) for warship construction. MDL is proposing similar joint ventures with Larsen &amp; Toubro and ABG Shipyard .Defence ministry sources said the vigilance department had sought a detailed report on all three proposed JVs, especially whether due diligence was carried out according to MoD guidelines which state that all options must be explored before such a venture is considered. They must\"process JV cases only where they appear to be the best possible option as compared to other forms of partnerships\".The vigilance inquiry has sought information about the methodology adopted to arrive at the work allocation to the JVs and about the external consultants engaged for the projects.The defence ministry's move is the latest twist in the controversial effort of MDL to set up JVs in partnership with private shipyards with over Rs 100,000 crore worth of warship construction in the pipeline over the next several years.When the move to establish a JV with Pipavav became public in September 2011, it led to instant uproar and protests by other private shipyards, forcing the defence ministry to put the move on hold. In February 2012, the ministry issued detailed guidelines on setting up JVs between defence public sector units and private sector companies.According to complaints filed with the defence ministry, the latest move by MDL management may be in violation of these guidelines. The ministry had suggested outsourcing, subcontracting, formation of consortia and project specific SPVs (special purpose vehicle) among the options.The ministry's caution against JVs was because \"defence PSUs must bear in mind that unlike other formations, SPVs and JVs will have their own legal existence that is separate from the legal existence of the partners, will require to be at an arm's length from the DPSU, and also require specific long-term commitments from the partners\".Defence ministry sources told TOI that the Mumbai-based defence PSU has carried out no such assessment. Instead of a detailed study for the best option, MDL just reaffirmed its old decision even after the guidelines came into being.Confusion over what exactly the JV would do led to a tense meeting a few days ago in Mumbai between the MDL board and Pipavav leadership, including its chairman Nikhil Gandhi and several retired Navy admirals working for the private firm.Sources said the Pipavav team was unhappy about MDL's refusal to accept an IDBI report recommending that the proposed JV be given construction of four ships. The defence ministry's vigilance wing is now looking into this IDBI report, and allegations that IDBI may have been far too favourable towards the JV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17408719", "title": "US 'considered' closing down Chennai consulate: Envoy", "text": "CHENNAI: Shocked by the attack on its Chennai consulate by a mob protesting against an anti-Islam film, the United States government had considered closing down the facility, US ambassador to India Nancy Powell said at a meeting with prominent Muslim representatives from the city on Wednesday.The attack on the consulate took place on September 14 in the wake of protests against the controversial documentary, 'Innocence of Muslims'.It caused considerable damage to the property and forced the consulate to shut down for a few days.Powell, in her opening remarks, said the severity of the attack raised concerns about growing radicalization in the Muslim community.The Chennai mission is one among four consulates that the US has in India. The others are in Mumbai, Kolkata and Hyderabad.The US ambassador, who was in the city on a short trip, interacted with a group comprising businessmen, scholars and activists who had gathered at the Prince of Arcot's ancestral home, Amir Mahal.Those present shared her concerns and condemned the attack, but urged the US to draw a distinction between the moderate face of Islam and violent extremism, said sources.The \"trust deficit\" between Muslims and the American establishment was among the points discussed, said a statement issued by the Prince, Nawab Mohammed Abdul Ali.Delegates at the meeting were split into those keen to discuss the scope for Indo-US business ties and others with a more political orientation, eager to engage the US envoy in a dialogue on issues of faith and security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17409256", "title": "Teachers' strike halts board exam registration", "text": "RANCHI: The ongoing strike by teaching and non-teaching staff of 52 degree colleges with temporary affiliation has affected intermediate students waiting for 2013 board examination registration. About 25 teach intermediate courses.The last date for filling up registration forms for the intermediate examination is December 6. The process started on November 21. Employees went on an indefinite strike on November 23 demanding regularization of colleges and salary hike.Amit Kumar , a student of an intermediate college under Ranchi University, said, \"The staff went on strike just two days after the registration process started. So, most of us could not fill up the forms.\"\"Jharkhand Academic Council (JAC) sets a deadline and if the form is not submitted by then, students will be fined. We are worried about our registration and examination,\" said Sanjay Mahato, another student.Members of the Jharkhand Chhatra Sangh met the vice-chancellor of Ranchi University, LN Bhagat. But Bhagat said it was not in the hands of the university to tweak rules of JAC and the human resource development department.Jharkhand Chhatra Sangh chairperson S Ali said, \"The teaching and non-teaching staff have the right to go on strike but not at the cost of the students. If they had completed the registration procedures and then gone on strike, even the students would have supported them. But the decision to call a strike now is unacceptable.\"He further said, \"We will soon meet the JAC chairperson and request him to extend the deadline. We will also meet HRD minister and request him to solve the matter as soon as possible.\"Meanwhile, Ravibhushan Sahu, spokesperson for Jharkhand Pradesh Sambaddha Degree Mahavidyalaya Mahasangh, said, \"It is high time that our demands are heard.In the winter session of 2011, chief minister Arjun Munda agreed to form a committee and look into our demands. One year has passed by and the committee has not been formed yet.\"HRD minister Baidyanath Ram said, \"The committee had been formed long ago and they have already held two meetings.Soon reports will be submitted after which we will take necessary actions. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17408612", "title": "Students fined for absence? Principals deny", "text": "PATNA: Are they or aren't they imposing fine on their students for absence even due to genuine reasons? In what appears to be a bizarre scenario, many parents complain of schools arbitrarily doing so and, in cases, not issuing even receipts, school authorities deny resorting to such a move.Swati Chakrobarty had to pay a fine of Rs 100 at the rate of Rs 50 per day as her daughter Ritika, a Class V student of a city school, could not attend her classes for two days. \"We explained to the school authorities that I was ill and, as such, not in a position to ready my daughter for the school. But they did not heed our pleas,\" the aggrieved homemaker of a nucleus family said.Swati's or Ritika's is not a one-off case. \"My daughter's school does not allow leave to children to attend family functions or even to look after an ailing family member. It is only when the student is ill that the leave is OK'd and that too after submission of a medical certificate,\" Radhika Singh, whose daughter is a student of a reputed missionary school, rued and candidly admitted quite a few parents submitted fake certificates to escape the penalty.Pallavi Mishra had a similar tale to tell TOI. Her daughter, a Class VI student, had to miss her school for a week to attend the 'shraddh of her grandfather at their native village. \"The school principal rudely refused to even accept the leave application,\" she said and added she was forced to pay a fine of Rs 350 for which no receipt was issued.When reached, most of the school authorities were initially not ready to come on record on the issue. \"To ensure discipline in the school as well as to keep them updated with their studies, we do caution the students to be regular. Moreover, our efforts to reduce truancy are concentrated mainly in higher sections,\" was the common refrain.Notre Dame Academy principal Sister Tessy straightaway denied imposing any fine on any child for absence. \"But we don't want students to miss their classes for trivial reasons,\" she said.According to International School principal Farhat Hussain, her school rule book did not have a provision of fine for absence. \"But if a child does not have 75% attendance in a session, s/he is not promoted to the next class,\" she said. However, the school does send SMSs to parents in case a child bunks classes regularly, she added.Don Bosco Academy principal Mary Alfanso and St Xavier's High School vice-principal Father Daniel also made more or less similar remarks. However, Loyola High School principal Brother Felix admitted fining \"habitual truants among students of higher classes\" at the rate of Rs 10 a day for which a duly signed receipt was also given.An aggrieved parent Sumanta Bose, whose son is studying in Class VIII in a reputed school of the city, disputed the schools' claims. He said he had a tough time in sending his son back to his school after he came back from his brother's marriage. The school administration asked the child to pay a fine of Rs 50 per day and also warned his parents not to let their ward miss classes for attending wedding functions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17407761", "title": "Encroachments at bus shelters disrupt traffic", "text": "NAGPUR: With no checks and no action either from Nagpur Municipal Corporation's anti-encroachment squad or the city traffic police, encroachers have turned to occupy prime locations across the city. Given the authorities' inaction, street vendors have encroached upon bus stops and shelters. If confronted, they claim to have the blessings of people in high places and drop names too, say Nagpurians.TOI reported the issue and people's grievances several times, but it failed to wake up both the NMC and traffic police from their slumber. \"The vendors create traffic hurdles under the very nose of traffic policemen,\" said Vikas Meshram, a motorist. He pointed to the way buses stop in the middle of the road from Variety square causing traffic snarls on the busy Maharajbagh road.The bus stop on Maharajbagh road is a classic case of how public space is put to commercial use by vendors. General public who board or alight from buses at this bus stop are put to much hardship. The bus stop has been totally taken over by vendors who run garment shops, a tea stall, eatery and sell fruits. As the patch in front of bus shelters is encroached, buses were forced to halt in the middle of the road, which leads to frequent traffic snarls.Besides, the presence of anti-social elements too has increased manifold. In the last two days, commuters have become victim of theft and lost valuables from buses.Likewise, encroachments at Rani Jhansi square also cause traffic jams, said motorists. The bus stops at North Ambazari road, Bharat Nagar and numerous other places in the city, have also been encroached upon by either illegally parked vehicles, autorickshaws or roadside vendors. The indifference of authorities is cited as a major reason for this. Instead of evicting the encroachers and imposing fines, they have encouraged the vendors to initially establish themselves in a small way and later expand.Sources said recently the city bus operator too had complained about encroachments that force drivers to halt in the middle of the road. Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane admitted encroachments had ruined the city roads especially Maharajbagh patch. He said he would direct the anti-encroachment squad to remove the vendors. Senior PI (traffic) Avinash More too assured roads would be free from encroachments.Road users feel only concerted effort by officials from both departments could free the bus stops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai/kochi", "code": "17407383", "title": "Rinu back on Facebook, gets direct entry into college", "text": "MUMBAI/KOCHI: Refusing to be cowed down by self-proclaimed censors, Rinu Srinivasan has reactivated her facebook account. The plucky 21-year-old is also looking forward to studying sound engineering in a Chennai institute which rolled out the red carpet for her, admitting her to the course without a mandatory interviewA friend of Shaheen Dhada, Rinu was dragged into the facebook controversy for 'sharing' the comment Shaheen posted on November 18, the day late Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray was cremated at Shivaji Park. Rinu was called with Shaheen by Palghar police on Sunday night to present herself at the police station and tender an apology.The science graduate was worried the controversy, and the bail conditions which restricted her movement out of the city, would affect her future as she couldn't travel to Chennai for the admission interview. However, Rinu's brother Rahul said the Muzik Lounge School of Audio Technology, Chennai, where she had applied for a two-year course in sound engineering days before the incident, decided to exempt her from the interview process. \"The college has decided to admit her without an interview. She will join college in January,\" Rahul said.Moreover, Rinu updated her facebook cover photo on Monday. \"Rinu is back on Facebook. She reactivated her account two days back and was touched by the immense support she received from her facebook friends. Though hesitant at first, she has now started responding to messages from close friends,\" Rahul told TOI.\"My sister is not comfortable talking about the incident. We want to avoid any more trouble. Though she had not done anything illegal or derogatory, she was made to feel like a criminal,\" said Rahul, whose family originally hails from Kumarakom, in Kerala.However, the family gave a thumbs-up to the local police who were pilloried for the incident. \"We have no complaints against the police. The girls had to be detained by the police as there was a nearly 5,000-strong mob outside Palghar police station. It was done to ensure their safety and the police have been decent with the girls throughout the entire episode,\" said Rahul.Rinu also approached the Palghar court on Tuesday to seek exemption from the weekly police station appearances. The bail conditions required both Rinu and Shaheen to report to the Palghar police station every Wednesday. The matter is likely to be heard on Thursday as the courts are closed on Wednesday on account of Guru Nanak Jayanti. Shaheen's family has also approached the court for exemption from appearing every week in the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "doha", "code": "17408321", "title": "China criticizes EU and US for lack of ambition to fight climate change", "text": "DOHA: China criticized the EU and took a swipe at US President Barack Obama for their lack of ambition to address climate change and their unwillingness to take stronger emission reduction targets.China's chief negotiator at Doha Su Wei said, \"The EU is not ready or willing to change the target they have put on the table of 20% reduction compared to 1990 level by 2020. Actually, the EU's 27 member states have already achieved very much close to the 20% target. If we accept this kind of target, it would tantamount to saying that EU has achieved it eight years before 2020. It's a very big concern with us.\"The Indian cabinet too had earlier noted that the level of emission reductions promised by the rich world was even lower than that by the poorer countries and that EU was trying to escape its obligations.China took a similar stand in Doha with Su taking on Obama's much talked about mention of climate change in his victory speech with a wry comment, \"First of all, I am very glad to hear that President Obama has referred to the problem of climate change because we haven't heard for a very long time.\"Suggesting that China viewed US's actual actions on climate change very dimly, Su said, \"We would very much hope US would get back on track with a more proactive climate policy and really to turn those policies into real actions, real contributions to the reduction of greenhouse gases.\"He added, \"He (Obama) was even awarded the Nobel Peace Prize, of course not just for the climate policy... we had high expectations at the very beginning of his first term. Of course, during his first term we understand the various constraints in domestic politics and there are other priorities.\"On EU, he warned that the 27 country bloc was trying to sell the same product twice by asking developing countries to give up more for legally finalizing the second commitment period of Kyoto Protocol with their meager targets in Doha.\"The pledges and the commitments put by the developed country parties is far below that required by science and far below than what is required by their historical responsibility. Of course they need to increase their level of ambition. BASIC ministers have noted with consternation that mitigation contributions of the developing countries are far greater than that made by our developed country partners. The developing country contribution accounts for almost 70% and that of the developed countries only 30%,\" Su said.The senior Chinese delegate warned that lack of ambitious targets by the developed countries under the protocol and the convention's second track of talks could hamper progress on the negotiations for a post-2020 climate regime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17408776", "title": "HC quashes registrar's appointment", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Wednesday quashed the appointment of Kannur University registrar A Ashokan and ordered the university to conduct fresh appointment within three months.The order by justice P R Ramachandra Menon was issued while considering a petition by Balachandran Keezhoth, who had claimed at the court that he was overlooked by the university's syndicate during selection due to extraneous considerations.Ruling in favour of Balachandran, the court held that the appointment of Ashokan was not done in accordance with rules.The court accepted Balachandran's counsel P K Ibrahim's contention that it is illegal for the vice-chancellor of the university to decide norms for awarding marks for the interview-based selection. The power to decide norms is with the syndicate of the university, the court ruled.The university's contention was that the vice-chancellor decided the norms in his role as the chairman of the selection committee. However, the court disagreed, and held that the vice-chancellor cannot use the power granted to the syndicate though he is the chairman of the selection committee.Balachandran had alleged that norms for the selection were framed on the date of the interview by the vice-chancellor. Such an act is without jurisdiction as the rules ought to have been framed by the syndicate, which failed to specify any norms, he had argued.The petitioner had also pointed out that Ashokan lacked the administrative experience for holding a responsible post that includes management of the staff. Ashokan's administrative experience was less than five years and the selection committee had overlooked other meritorious candidates, it was contended.Balachandran, who had also applied for the post of registrar, had alleged he was overlooked despite having six years of administrative experience. A selection committee constituted as per the statute, had recommended Ashokan by giving him first rank and ranked Balachandran third though the former lacked the stipulated administrative experience, the petition said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17407136", "title": "Religion as poetic metaphor", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17408156", "title": "University's official quarters occupied by those not entitled", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Authorities of the Allahabad University are conducting raids to remove illegal inmates residing in various hostels, even as around half a dozen official accommodations of AU teachers remain occupied illegally by retired teachers or their kin. Brazen attitude of these illegal occupants can be gauged from the fact that although the university authorities have asked these occupants to evict the houses repeatedly, the requests have fallen on deaf ears.Remarkably, although AU authorities are silent on the issue of freeing these accommodations given on a nominal rent for the present lot of teachers, the AU exchequer is losing around Rs 5 lakh per year.Although the number of these illegal occupants was higher till last year, some of the houses were vacated after TOI published the news with the names of teachers and their kin occupying quarters illegally. Around six of such houses, however, still remain to be vacated by unauthorised residents.The occupants have not been requested to vacate the official accommodation, but formal request is turned down by the occupants every time. For this reason, waiting list of teachers seeking university accommodation has not reduced and teachers entitled to the quarters are forced to live in rented houses in various localities of the city.A former faculty member of AU, staying illegally for the past over a decade at the official accommodation allotted in his name, pays a monthly rent of Rs 35 per month for the house which could have earned AU at least Rs 9,000 per month. Likewise, another former teacher of AU, who had although withdrawn her case against AU, was supposed to vacate the house and the legal section of university had advocated for the same (in its noting dated May 29, 2010) but AU authorities are waiting to swing into action and get the house vacated.The houses are occupied illegally despite the fact that the house allotment committee of AU has made it clear that notices would be served to the unauthorised occupants and if they fail to vacate the accommodation, legal action and realisation of rent as per the market rate would be put into effect. The unauthorised occupants are paying rent, which is subsidised and far less than the prevailing circle rate of the posh localities in which these houses are located. It is pertinent to mention that in many cases occupants are neither paying nominal rent to the university authorities nor vacating the houses.It is clear from AU's point of view that since those at the helm of affairs are also teachers, no one would be taking or even recommending action against the erring teachers or their family members. So sensitive is the matter that no official from AU is prepared to come on records on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17407591", "title": "Shifting of schools for HMR questioned", "text": "HYDERABAD: The State Human Rights Commission asked Hyderabad district collector on Wednesday to submit a report on the alleged violation of human rights in the alienation of government school land for metro rail development in Chaderghat before December 4.A notice was issued from the office of tahsildar of Charminar mandal on November 12 stating that government land from which Government City Model School (1636.74 square yards), Government Girls High School Chaderghat (old) (327.35 square yards) and Government Girls Primary School (593.86 square yards) are currently operating, is proposed for allotment in favour of Hyderabad Metro Rail Private Limited for the construction of metro rail viaduct 1 and viaduct 2 on the Miyapur-LB Nagar corridor. Two other government schools are also said to be operating from these premises.HMR has reportedly agreed to provide a new building for accommodating the schools and pay rent for temporary accommodation during construction of the new building. Subsequently, the school authorities were notified on November 23 to look for alternative premises for accommodating the students temporarily on rental basis. The flustered managements and the district administration have been unable to find premises. Worried over disruption of academic year, agitated parents staged a protest in Chaderghat on Tuesday.In Wednesday's petition that was filed by Azampura division corporator Amjadullah Khan, it was claimed that the move will affect the education of over 1000 students enrolled in the five schools. The petitioner requested that the shifting be stopped. Now the shifting is not expected to take place until the report is submitted.Meanwhile, the district administration has drawn flak for not making arrangements in advance. That the buildings would be affected was known a year ago. When contacted, I Nehru Babu, inspector of schools, Charminar mandal, said that earlier, the metro rail plans did not affect school buildings but later changes made required demolition. \"The district administration was informed about the changes in the month of October. So we could not look for premises in advance. But we have now identified temporary locations where we may be able to shift the schools,\" he said. According to him, two schools in Noor Khan Bazaar and the Azampura community halls are being considered for temporary accommodation of the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17409852", "title": "Belgaum cops write to foreign ministry on Tanaz case", "text": "BELGAUM: Belgaum police wrote a letter to ministry of external affairs (MEA) on Wednesday seeking its intervention in the mysterious disappearance of Belgaum-based 23-year-old nurse Tanaz Abdul Sattar Shaikh from Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.Speaking to TOI, Belgaum SP Sandeep Patil said, \"Tanaz's case was similar to Savita Halapannavar, a dentist, who died during a miscarriage in Ireland as the doctors there refused to abort the foetus, citing Catholic rules. \"Tanaz's case does not come under our purview. MEA external and Indian embassy in Saudhi Arabia are supposed to look into the issue. Hence, we have brought the matter to authorities,\" he added.Tanaz's family doubts human trafficking racket behind the incident. The girl has been missing after one of her kidneys were allegedly removed by doctors in Mouwasat Service Company Hospital, without her consent. She was working as a nurse in that hospital.Tanaz was operated upon for a stomach ailment in September 2010. She had been in touch with her mother Shamshad (who adopted Tanaz after she was orphaned) through phone, email and chat. Now, her family is unaware know her whereabouts.Shamshad petitioned Belgaum deputy commissioner Anbu Kumar and Patil seeking their intervention to trace her daughter after pleas to Indian embassy in Riyadh and SM Krishna, the then external affairs minister, yielded no response in July this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407086", "title": "Fully automatic signals on bus rapid transit corridor", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four years after the bus rapid transit (BRT) corridor opened at Ambedkar Nagar, the Delhi government is finally opting for a fully automated signaling system along the stretch, except at Chirag Dilli where it will be used depending on traffic volume.Till now, the intelligent signaling system (ISS) was functional only during non-peak hours. It will now be implemented across all 17 junctions.\"All the junctions along the operational part of BRT will now have ISS through the day. Since the traffic volume at Chirag Dilli is quite high, that is the only intersection where a manual signal cycle will be in effect during peak hours,\" said a Delhi Integrated Multimodal Transit System (DIMTS) official. Till now, both Chirag Dilli and Siri Fort were on the manual system through most of the day.The operational part of BRT is from Ambedkar Nagar to Moolchand, while the peak hour for DIMTS is between 9am to 8pm.According to DIMTS, which is the corridor manager, the decision to go automatic along the entire stretch was taken after a change in the signal phase cycle. \"Instead of the six-phase cycle, we have implemented the five-phase cycle at all the junctions, with preference given to the straight and right-moving traffic in both directions,\" said the official.In the five-phase cycle, the straight and right moving traffic \u00e2\u20ac\u201d both vehicles and buses \u00e2\u20ac\u201d move in the same phase, as a separate phase for only buses has been done away with. \"This allows us to give this phase more time, which moves the traffic along,\" added the DIMTS official. The five-phase cycle was used on a trial basis at the Chirag Dilli, Siri Fort and Press Enclave intersections earlier this year.With a maximum time of 240 seconds for the entire signal cycle, the intelligent signaling system moves the traffic faster along the stretch, say DIMTS officials. \"It allows us to optimize the cycle length, depending on the traffic tail length and the traffic build-up at the next intersection,\" added the official.Started earlier this month, the impact of the intelligent signaling system over a longer time frame is already visible, claim officials. \"The traffic is much smoother along the entire stretch now,\" insisted an DIMTS official.However, the Chirag Dilli intersection remains the bottleneck, admit sources.\"The average traffic volume during the peak hours is between 13,000-11,500 vehicles per hour at Chirag Dilli. This makes it difficult to implement the intelligent signaling system at this intersection, as the traffic volume is too great to be tackled effectively in an automatic environment,\" said the DIMTS official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17407413", "title": "Martinique enjoys advantage in feature event of Mumbai races", "text": "MUMBAI: Rehanullah Khan-trained Martinique, who last won nearly one-and-a-half year ago, seems to have a good chance to win in the Shantidas Askuran Trophy, the feature event of the Thursday's Mumbai races.With a slight handicap advantage and in form jockey A Sandesh in the saddle, Martnique may reach home first ahead of her three rivals.There are eight races on Thursday and the first will start at 1.30 p.m.Selections1. Astana Plate-Div-II (1200m): Winds Of Change 1, Absolute Star 2.2. Aztec Plate (1800m): O'princess 1, Wind Of The Hills 2.3. Shantidas Askuran Trophy (1000m): Martinique 1, Visionist 2.4. Fetchmefortune Plate (1600m): Blue Mellon 1, Arabian Fighter 2.5. Kanthara Plate-Div-II (1200m): Twilight 1, Neptune 2.6. M H Ahmedbhoy Trophy (2000m): Belmont 1, Mountain Force 2.7. Astana Plate-Div-I (1200m): Desert Eagle 1, Shadows Of Time 2.8. Kanthara Plate-Div-I (1200m): Mable 1, Free Verse 2.Day's best: Belmont", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17408482", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcAiling\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 Manisha Koirala admitted to Jaslok Hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: Actor Manisha Koirala was admitted to Jaslok Hospital on Pedder Road on Tuesday. According to sources close to the Koirala family, Manisha has not been keeping well for some time now. \"She had even fallen unconscious,\" said a family friend.Manisha, who hails from a prominent family in Nepal, has worked in several Hindi, Tamil and Malayalam movies.Officials confirmed that the 42-year-old actor had been brought to hospital on Tuesday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17408055", "title": "Researcher stumbles on anti-cancer molecule in marine sediment", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: When Dasari Venkata Ravi Kumar set out with the objective of discovering a compound with a broad spectrum of activity, he accidentally stumbled upon a novel compound belonging to the Actinomycate family that has the potential to make a huge impact in the fields of cancer and microbial research.Strangely though, Ravi Kumar found this unique molecule in some marine sediment barely a stone's throw away from the place where he conducted his research-the Department of Chemical Engineering at Andhra University. Actinomycates are filamentous or rod shaped pathogenic microorganisms resembling bacteria and fungi that are found in soil. These nitrogen deleted compounds have anti-cancer and anti-microbial tendencies.\"The discovery of this bio-microorganism has opened the doors for cancer and microbial research. The potential is huge and Ravi Kumar would be remembered as the man who made it all possible,\" observed Professor D Rami Reddy, Ravi Kumar's mentor, guide and inspiration. Talking about his discovery, an elated Ravi Kumar said that the past one year had been one hell of a ride with three international publications-Journal on Microbial Research, Journal of Microbial and Bio-Chemical Research and Journal of Bio-Technology publishing his research paper on the discovery.\"It was a fascinating experience. I basically set out to discover greater potential in compounds and by accident discovered a novel compound that is as of now unheard of,\" says Ravi Kumar, pointing out that the support of his department and guide enabled him to complete his PhD in just two and a half years.Though upbeat about his success at such a young age, the 30-year-old Dr Ravi Kumar, who was pursued by several pharma companies, is currently employed with a Hyderabad-based pharma player and is now worried about getting his discovery patented.\"Getting the patent is on top of my list of priorities. Things have been good so far and we have already applied for a patent, the compound has to be put through more tests till it can be finally patented. Once that is done, I plan to do more research in anti-cancer and microbial fields,\" said the scientist, who jokingly said that sometimes picking up sea shells on the sea shore does help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17408163", "title": "Yogi slams Centre on Ganga pollution", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Population of Muslims is increasing at an alarming pace in the country in the light of the fact that ratio between Hindus and Muslims has now narrowed down, said Bharatiya Janata Party MP and founder, Hindu Yuva vahini, Yogi Adityanath. He was speaking to reporters during his visit to the city on Wednesday.Slamming the Central government for the rising pollution in the Ganga, Yogi said crores have been spent on keeping the river clean but nothing concrete has come out which points towards the lackadaisical attitude of the government. The pollution in the Ganga is part of well planned conspiracy to hurt the sentiments of millions of Hindus across the globe, BJP MP alleged.He exhorted people to strive towards making the Ganga clean from Gangotri to Ganga Sagar and said Hindu Yuva Vahini (HYP) will try to rope in people from every sections of society towards the noble cause.Expressing concern over the Naxal problem, Yogi said it needs to be solved at the earliest to prevent anarchy in the country.On the issue of strengthening the set up of HYV, he said the organisational structure of HYV is being strengthened in every part of the country and HYV volunteers would act as a shield in preventing atrocities committed against Hindus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17409005", "title": "Demand for graduates rises, even in low-intensity jobs: Study", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The demand for higher education is increasing rapidly in certain occupations, where mostly non graduates worked a decade ago, says a study on education and employment by Institute of Rural Management Anand (IRMA).Traditionally, low graduate intensity occupations such as merchants, shopkeepers, salesmen and workers in the field of chemical processors, rubber, paper and plastic products, farm plantation and metal processors actually saw a rise in graduate density and demand for graduates.The study, 'Education and Employment: Do the education level/skills of our youth match relevant jobs?' by Jeemol Unni, director, IRMA and Sudipa Sarkar, research associate, IRMA, finds out that there was a rapid rise in the number of jobs for occupations that required higher qualifications such as professional, technical, administrative and clerical since 1999-2000.Medium graduate intensity occupations like associate professionals, technicians, health professionals, clerks, technical salesmen, village officials, artists and composers, transport conductors and primary and middle school teachers, also saw a need for better qualified personnel as these jobs were being upgraded with the advent of knowledge economy in India.The very high graduate intensity occupations such as solicitors, medical practitioners, higher education and secondary teachers, architects, engineers, accountants, auditors, mathematicians, senior administrators, directors, managerial executives, IT professionals and even poets, authors and journalists retained their need for higher educated workers.Among the graduate occupation categories, 3% were in high graduate intensity, 13% were in medium intensity and about 11% were in the low intensity occupations. It was the medium graduate intensity occupations that registered the largest (10%) increase in employed population over the decade.The study also shows that the services industry sought graduates more than the manufacturing sector. In manufacturing, all industry groups had shown less than 2.5% annual growth of employment. About 7.2% growth was registered in high technology knowledge intensive service industries like telecom, computer services and research and technology.\"Having a graduate degree made a greater impact overall on participation in service industry compared to manufacturing sector. Senior managerial officials and professionals with graduate and higher degrees had a greater chance of being employed in knowledge intensive industry, mainly services,\" says the study.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17410699", "title": "Queensland calling travel-freak Kolkatans", "text": "KOLKATA: Come summer and people from the city could be heading to Australia'a Queensland to soak in the winter sun at the famed Gold Coast or go snorkelling at the Great Barrier Reef. Next summer, a sizeable number of people from the city could be heading to enjoy the winter in Queensland, Australia, soaking in the sunshine at the famed Gold Coast or snorkelling at the Great Barrier Reef.Once Air India (AI) begins operating flights to Sydney and Melbourne from Delhi, Tourism Queensland international director Paul Buggy expects it to woo Kolkatans who are famed for the wanderlust.\"After Qantas stopped operations to India, there are no direct flights between the two countries. Travellers flying Down Under have to depend on other Asian hubs. That is always an inconvenience. But if AI goes ahead with a service as planned, it will boost tourist traffic from India,\" said Buggy.Last year, 30,000 Indian leisure tourists visited Queensland, around the same number that was recorded in 2008 before the spate of alleged racial attacks on Indians living in Australia led to a sharp decline in Indian tourists. \"The negative publicity generated from the incidents had a very bad impact on tourism in 2009 and 2010. It has slowly recovered after advocacy campaign involving Indians settled in Australia. This year, we expect to clock a 15% growth over the previous year and in the next year, it should be 20%,\" he added.Incidentally, a large number of Anglo-Indians from Kolkata visit their relatives who have migrated to Australia. In fact, the 8th World Anglo-Indian Reunion was held in Perth in 2010. The 9th reunion of the community that is now spread worldwide is slated in Kolkata in January 2013.According to the Tourism Queensland official, tourists from India are big spenders. While an average tourist spends around A$ 1,400 for a 14-day Australia tour, is around A$ 1,400,Indians spend a lot more. And Kolkatans are no exception. \"Eastern India led by Kolkata is an emerging market for us and they love to spend on shopping,\" he said.The love for cricket also brings many a tourist to Gabba in Brisbane and MCG in Melbourne. \"We've recently had the news of Sachin Tendulkar being awarded the Order of Australia. Though there has been a debate in some quarters, the majority of people feel it is well-earned by the master blaster. Sachin's great contribution to cricket in India and Australia is undeniable,\" said Buggy, himself a cricket fan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17408030", "title": "Goregaon boy who fell off building was not depressed: Kin", "text": "MUMBAI: The family of 12-year-old Nishant Salvi, who fell off a Goregaon highrise on Tuesday, are baffled about the circumstances leading to his death. Nishant, his parents say, was a happy-go-lucky child and showed no signs of depression. The family hasn't ruled out foul play completely; they said it's up to the cops to probe whether the boy could have been pushed off the building.Nishant, an only child, stayed with his parents on the fourth floor of Garden Estate society, off Goregon Link Road. His father works with a leading paints manufacturing company in Pune and comes down to Mumbai on weekends. Nishant was unwell for the past week and left home to catch some fresh air at 12.30pm on Tuesday. Minutes later, his mother heard a loud thud and saw him lying on the ground outside.\"We have no idea how Nishant could have fallen off the building as there are no witnesses,\" his father, Sameer, told TOI. \"The police suspect he fell off a balcony jutting out on the seventh floor. He has many friends in the building but doesn't seem to have met any of them.\"Sameer said he was confident his son couldn't have ended his life. \"Nishant would have definitely confided in us if anything was bothering him. We recently returned from a foriegn holiday. I had also brought him video games, which kids his age love to play. His exam results were out recently and though he usually scores a distinction, this time he scored around 51%,\" Sameer said. Nishant was a Std VII student of City International school. He was to resume school on Thursday.Police said the 24-storey highrise has balconies on the 7th, 14th and 21st floors, where kids aren't allowed to play.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bhopal/indore", "code": "17407875", "title": "Woman suffered 'erectile dysfunction', says report by Indore psychiatrist", "text": "BHOPAL/INDORE: A 45-year-old woman suffered 'erectile dysfunction' as side effect of a drug tested on her for anxiety! Unbelievable?This was the finding on drug trials reported by Dr Ram Gulam Razdan, superintendent of mental hospital Indore and head of psychiatry department of the MGM Medical College, which even the investigators of drug controller general of India (DCGI) have found difficult to believe.DCGI bumped into the odd finding, during the probe, they initiated after a news item about mentally ill patients at Indore were being subjected to check the efficacy of various drugs were reported by TOI in December last year. The report said of the 233 mentally ill patients, 42 were subjected to Dapoxetine, a drug used to cure premature ejaculation.The regulatory body on drug trials detected several such flaws including incorrect gender remarks in 11 trials carried out by psychiatrists of MGM Medical College between 2008 and 2010.The observation of the DGCI team is as follows- \"The investigators cite Dr Ram Gulam sponsored by Cadila Healthcare for study to access the efficiency and safety of a fixed dose combination capsule of Paraxetine Hydrochloride controlled release (CR) and Clonazepam in comparison to Parotxetine for anxiety has reported adverse event as Erectile Dysfunction in subject No 27 Female Age 45, which may not be practical.\"They found that consent forms of patients, in some of the cases, were signed on contradictory dates. According to the report, a 45-year-old woman has signed informed consent on July 30, 2009 but her first visit was reported on April 7, 2009, almost three months prior to obtaining the informed consent from the subject for trial protocol.\"Sponsors Emcure Pharmaceuticals, Pune, Cadila Health Care Ltd Ahmedabad and Intas Pharmaceuticals did not train the doctors (principal investigators) about GCP (general clinical practice) guidelines with respect to trial related activities\", said the report.Similarly, it was found that Dr Ram Gulam, Dr Abhay Paliwal, Dr V S Pali, Dr Pali Rastogi and Dr Ujwal Sardesai had not informed the college authorities about the trials. On being questioned, they told DGCI that they were allowed to do private practices as they are not availing non-practice allowance from the state government.The probe team however, has objected to this submission of the doctors, citing that local ethical clearance is necessary, as it ensures safeguard the rights, safety and well being of patients involved in trials.Moreover, the doctors also gave voluntary statement that they have not involved any mentally ill patients in the trials conducted by them at their clinics. DCGI however did not verify the statements or contacted any of the patient involved.Whistle-blower and founder of Clinical Trials Victims Welfare Society, (CTVA) Dr Anand Rai says that DCGI team has carried out one-sided investigation. \"What kind of patient would approach a psychiatrist? And why would a normal person consume drugs for anxiety. It's a matter of breach of trust. A criminal case should be filed,\" he added.Dr Ram Gulam, was too busy to comment on this issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407771", "title": "Two held for setting bikes on fire in west Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two youths who allegedly set around 20 bikes on fire in Hari Nagar area of west Delhi on Wednesday have been apprehended by police. One of the accused has been identified as Devendra alias Kaku, while the other is a 16-year-old boy, said police.The incident occurred around 3am outside a residential area in Hari Nagar. One of the residents woke up and saw that bikes parked outside the building were on fire. He alerted his neighbours and called police and fire officials. Out of 25 bikes parked in the area, 19 were gutted.The cops recovered CCTV footages from a nearby Gurdwara which had captured the duo in the act. They had opened petrol tank of one of the bikes and threw a lit matchstick inside. They repeated the act with a few more bikes after which most of the bikes caught fire following minor explosions.With help of local intelligence, the cops identified the youths who were residents of the same area.A similar incident was reported on Tuesday evening from Govindpuri area where three bikes were set ablaze using similar modus operandi. Police are probing if the two were involved in the incident. So far, the youths have not given any satisfactory answer about their motive, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17408187", "title": "HIMUDA fails to meet huge housing demand", "text": "SHIMLA: Unable to meet huge demand for housing, Himachal Pradesh Housing &amp; Urban Development Authority (HIMUDA) has failed to give a boost to reality business in the state. To make matters worse, it has left applicants who had applied for a housing scheme fuming by deducting service charges, instead of paying interest, on money deposited against a demand survey floated two years ago.However, officials justified the move, claiming that it was part of the terms and conditions.HIMUDA vice-chairman Ganesh Dutt said, \"Applicants who on their own choosing withdraw money deposited with the demand survey application carried out between December 2010 to March 2011 are liable to be charged administrative and service charges. As per the terms spelled out, HIMUDA would only pay interest where it returns the Rs 5,000 per applicant collected for not being able to meet the needs. So far we have not done that.With around 70,000 applicants to the housing survey, the state urban developer had collected over Rs 35 cr, but besides buying some land in Solan and Sirmaur nothing much was done in the last two year to move ahead with the project.Sources disclosed that about 700 people who had approached HIMUDA over the last two months demanding their money back because of the developer failed to materialize the project, were returned their deposit but not before deducting Rs 500 as administrative and service charges.\"HIMUDA is in a mess and it would be befitting to take the matter to court,\" said one irked applicant who refused to take back a draft of lesser amount than what had been initially deposited.In the demand survey carried out, the highest numbers of applicants (11,455) were interested for a house in Shimla, followed by Solan with 5,604 applicants, Hamirpur 4,921, Una 4,906, Kasauli 4,291, Dharamshala 4,273, Mandi 3733, Parwanoo 3,405, Baddi 2,941, Kullu 2,403, Palampur 2,273 and there were 2,069 looking for a house at Manali.Set up by an act of legislation in 1972, till date the authority has only constructed 11,859 houses and developed 3,441 plots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17407839", "title": "Ethanol blending may be delayed", "text": "PUNE: Sugar factories in the state and oil companies are yet to finalise the ethanol purchase price, which is likely to delay the blending of ethanol in petrol, Harshvardhan Patil, state cooperation minister said. The Union government has asked for 5% blending of ethanol with petrol from December 1.Addressing a news conference on Wednesday Patil said, \"Earlier ethanol purchase price was fixed at Rs 27 per litre which was later revised for sugar factories in the state to Rs 36 per litre. The oil companies were not ready to pay the same, but now the Union government has made it mandatory and asked them to purchase ethanol as per the market price.\"Vijaysinh Mohite Patil, chairman of Maharashtra state federation of cooperative sugar factories ltd, said, \"Though the price of ethanol is expected to go up to Rs 36 a litre, eventually it will be Rs 40 per litre. This year, many sugar factories need financial support and they will be able to earn extra revenue from ethanol.\"He said, \"The installed capacity for ethanol production in the state is 80 crore litre, while ethanol requirement of the state is 14 crore litre as per the 5% ethanol blending programme. But state-based distilleries can supply ethanol to Goa, Chhattisgarh and to some parts of Gujarat to help meet their requirement of ethanol.\"Apart from being used as biofuel, ethanol is widely used in alcoholic beverages, fertilizers and other chemicals. Between October 2011 and September 2012, oil companies had contracted 44 crore litre ethanol as against the total requirement of 105 crore litre needed for blending.Once, ethanol gets an assured purchaser in the form of oil companies, the sugar factories in the state will be able to add to their income. Many factories seek loan every year to make payments to labourers and farmers. With ethanol blending, these factories will earn more and will remain less dependent on loans, Mohite Patil felt.The Union government's ethanol blending programme is at present inconsistent and on a very low-scale. The Union government has also allowed import of ethanol to overcome shortfall faced by both oil companies and the chemical industry. The existing users of ethanol are chemical and paint companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17409467", "title": "Students irked as half-yearly exams spoil X\u00e2\u20ac\u2122mas holidays", "text": "COIMBATORE: School managements say that the move of the department of examinations' to schedule the half yearly examination for classes 10 and 12 during the month of December with an interruption because of the Christmas break will affect the academic system in schools. The department which has been given the charge of conducting the quarterly and half yearly examinations has scheduled the half yearly examinations from December19 to 22nd to be renewed on January 2nd. For class 10 the exams will end on January 7 and for class 12 on January 10.Schools say that this is unprecedented and will affect the academic schedule. This is for the first time that the department is insisting that all schools follow their time table as well as their question papers. To have common question papers is an unnecessary burden as arrangements have to be made for the transport of the question papers to the school.R Visalakshi the president of the Tamil Nadu Private School Association says that the move to continue the examinations after the holidays will affect the academic schedule. \"Usually the examinations are over before the holidays. The decision to continue with the examinations after the Christmas holidays will affect the third semester,\" she says. If the examinations are completed before, evaluation can be completed during the holidays and classes can resume earlier.Many city parents feel that children would not be able to enjoy the holidays. S Anandi whose daughter studies in class 12 says, \"This is one of the most stressful years for a student. Even if they do not study during the holidays, the thought that exams will resume soon after the holidays itself is an unnecessary stress\". Many students seem to agree. Arun Shankar, a student of class 12 says that they will be having special classes during the holidays. \"Even during the so called Christmas Holidays we have been asked to come for special classes. This is to prepare for the other examinations,\" he said.But schools feel that students have nothing to complain about. Roshni Edwards, the principal of GD Matriculation School says that students of class 10 and 12 are the students who will have to appear for the public examinations. \"This is a time to prepare for a very important exam. They need to focus on their studies more than anything else,\" she says. At the same time schools say that students of other classes will finish their exams before the holidays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407160", "title": "Outer Ring Road plan to ease traffic on 17km stretch", "text": "NEW DELHI: PWD has called for tenders for a 3.3km elevated road from Vikaspuri to Meera Bagh on Outer Ring Road. The Rs 560-crore project is part of a plan to make a 17km stretch on Outer Ring Road signal free.The overall project, which will cost Rs 2,200 crore, has already received the green signal and is expected to be developed in five sections. With the construction of three elevated roads, four flyovers and one underpass, vehicles are likely to zip past along the stretch in a highway-like ride. Tenders are expected to be called for the remaining sections as well by the end of this year, said PWD sources.The first section will include a foot overbridge (FOB), bus lanes and a cycle track, and allow signal-free movement at five intersections, said officials. \"We have called for tenders this week and all bids will be received by December 11. The preliminary estimate of the project is Rs 559.6 crore,\" said a PWD source.The overall plan also includes a small flyover at the Meera Bagh T-junction, an underpass at Deepali Chowk, a 2.5km elevated road from Saraswati Vihar to Mangolpuri flyover, another 2.3km elevated road from the Badli railway overbridge to Pitampura North, a small flyover at Bhalswa crossing and two long flyovers at Mukundpur and Burari crossings.The second section is the 4km partially elevated stretch from Mangolpuri to Madhuban Chowk while the third section is an elevated 3.8km stretch from Madhuban Chowk to Mukarba Chowk.The fourth section between Mukarba Chowk and Wazirabad Chowk is expected to have three flyovers on Bhalaswa Chowk, Mukundpur Chowk and Burari Chowk.The fifth section between Azadpur and Prembari Pul will cross three T-junctions and also have an FOB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17410146", "title": "Giant collider creating new kind of matter?", "text": "WASHINGTON: Collisions at the Large Hadron Collider may have created a new type of matter known as colour-glass condensate, scientists believe. Collisions between protons and lead ions at the LHC near Geneva, Switzerland, have resulted in surprising behaviour in some of the particles created by the collisions, Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) news reported.When beams of particles crash into each other at highspeeds, the collisions yield hundreds of new particles, most of which fly away from the collision point almost at the speed of light. But, the Compact Muon Solenoid team at LHC found that in a sample of 2 million lead-proton collisions, some pairs of particles flew away from each other with their respective directions correlated.\"Somehow they fly at the same direction even though it's not clear how they can communicate their direction with one another. That has surprised many people, including us,\" said MIT physics professor Gunther Roland, whose group led the analysis of the collision data along with Wei Li, an assistant professor at Rice University.The MIT heavy-ion group saw the same distinctive pattern in proton-proton collisions about two years ago. The same flight pattern is also seen when ions of lead or other heavy metals, such as gold and copper, collide with each other. Those heavy-ion collisions produce a wave of quark gluon plasma, the hot soup of particles that existed for the first few millionths of a second after the Big Bang.In the collider, this wave sweeps some of the resulting particles in the same direction, accounting for the correlation in their flight paths.It has been theorised that proton-proton collisions may produce a liquid-like wave of gluons, known as colour-glass condensate.This dense swarm of gluons may also produce the unusual collision pattern seen in proton-lead collisions, said Raju Venugopalan, a senior scientist at Brookhaven National Laboratory, who was not involved in the current research. Venugopalan and colleagues theorised the existence of colour-glass condensate shortly before the particle direction correlation was seen in proton-proton collisions. The correlation is a very tiny effect, but it's pointing to something very fundamental about how quarks and gluons are arranged spatially within a proton, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17408240", "title": "155 illegal LPG cylinders seized, 2 held", "text": "GURGAON: The crime branch-I team has arrested two persons, who had allegedly hoarded 155 LPG cylinders without any documents in a canter. Police have also seized their canter and the cylinders.The accused were going to sell them in Manesar area. Police produced the accused in a city court which sent them in judicial custody.On Tuesday evening, the police team conducted the raid and stopped the canter near Subhash Chowk following a tip-off.A case has been registered under 7-10-55 EC Act in the Sadar police station on %the statement of ASI Anil Kumar.\"The accused has been identified as Govinde, a resident of Manesar and Ram Saran, a resident of Khoh village in Manesar area. We have produced them in a city court on Wednesday and sent them in 14-day judicial custody,\" an investigating officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17408027", "title": "I-T department claims irregularities of Rs 19 crore against realtors", "text": "INDORE: Financial irregularities to the tune of Rs 19 crore, has been found by the sleuths of the income tax (I-T) department during a survey that was conducted on the premises of the real estate firms. However those in the dock have not surrendered any amount in the case so far.The survey, which began on Monday, came to a close late Tuesday night. An official of the department told ToI on condition of anonymity, \"We have found irregularities of up to Rs 19 crore in the balance sheets. However, the real figure of tax evasion will come to fore after a complete investigation.\" A source, familiar with the development said that the amount may go up further.The survey so far has resulted in detection of unaccounted income of Rs 9 crore in the Khambati group of cases. Survey action was carried out by the I-T department on businessmen who are in the iron and steel pipes trade (galvanized/black) as well as in the real estate.The survey was conducted under the overall guidance of Surendra Mishra, CCIT Indore and the control and supervision of SK Anand, CIT-II, Indore. A team of 45 to 50 officers/officials of the department covered the business premises of the following real estate assessees including Raj Properties (Khatiwala Tank and Taiyyabi Real Estate, Shree Ganesh Real Mart (Sai Bag Colony, Khandwa Road), Shiv Real Build (Sai Bag Colony, Khandwa Road), Shiv Real Mart (Swastik Nagar, Opp MOG Line) and Shiv Sagar Real Mart (Swastik Nagar, MOG Line), said an official source.The directors/partners in the group cases are Mohammad Khambati, Saifuddin Khambati, Ishwar Chandra Makhija, Abdulla Khambati, Mustafa Khambati and Shailendra Mishra. As it was a holiday on Wednesday, the questioning of the assesses in question will take place tomorrow.In the real estate business, a lot of incriminating documents have been found which are being examined and confronted with the directors/partners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17408400", "title": "Pakistani hackers dent Rajasthan's sites", "text": "JAIPUR: State government beware! Pakistani hackers are selectively hacking state government web portals. Since 2003, they have defaced 70 state government websites, 48 of them were hacked repeatedly exposing the poor handling capacity of web servers by state agencies.Pakistani hackers who routinely attack Rajasthan's websites are Khantastic, Dr Den, Dr Neo, Dr Freak, The Ajan, ndh and Mafia Hacking Team among others who are on the prowl. TOI collected data from the web portal 'zone-h.net' here hackers' report the domain name of the hacked website and upload the screen shot of the hacked web portal. In fact, there are various forums created by hackers to boast about the number of websites they have hacked.Cyber crime experts revealed that Pakistan hacker, Dr Freak was behind the hacking of the law department of Rajasthan website: www.lites.rajasthan.gov.in on November 19. The hacker posted remarks like 'Pakistan Zindabad' and other derogatory messages not suitable for publishing.The law department website was defaced twice in the past. However, no date theft was reported but it shows the lax attitude of the concerned department failing to put in a security system. Another striking feature is that the main domain Rajasthan.gov.in was attacked four times since 2004.Mukesh Chaudhary, a cyber crime expert working with Jaipur Police estimated that over 70% of government websites are vulnerable to cyber attacks as they were never audited by any competent agency.His detailed study on hacked state web portals repeatedly by neighboring countrymen says that 'Pakistani hackers have uploaded a 'shell' on the vulnerable website to penetrate into the web server in order to extract information from the source'. Explaining the modus operendi, Chaudhary said, \"Hackers write codes to exploit a particular type of vulnerability. These programmes called robots, continuously crawl over the internet,\" adding that even advance Google search options are used to find such sites on the Internet.This also explains why institutes or websites which are not so famous also get hacked. The motive behind defacing state websites is still unclear and not a single case was reported wherein the hacker had steal information or changed information. A senior government official told TOI, \"It is not necessary that the motive behind hacking is to steal data. Sometimes the hackers do it for fun.\" Source said the auditing of domain website was not done since 2007. Most of the websites created recently were not even audited once.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17407829", "title": "Sugar factories have Rs 5k cr I-T dues", "text": "PUNE: Sugar factories in the state owe nearly Rs 5,000 crore in income-tax dues, state cooperation minister Harshvardhan Patil said on Wednesday. The difference between the higher rate offered by sugar factories and the fair and remunerative price fixed by the state government is considered as their profit and, hence, the amount is taxable. The dues are from 1984 to 2012, the minister added.Patil said the factories have managed to evade action by the income-tax department either by making part payments or raising the matter with the Union government to gain time to resolve the issue.Addressing a press conference in the city on Wednesday, Patil said there are nearly 150 cooperative factories in the state and the accumulated income-tax liability of these factories for the period 1984-2000 is Rs 2,500 crore. \"One of the reasons for the low tax dues is the pricing mechanism prevalent then. For the 2001-2012 period, 56 sugar factories have income-tax dues of Rs 2,500 crore, while assessment of other cooperative factories is still on,\" he said.Patil said, \"The Union government decides the fair and remunerative price payable to sugarcane farmers, which is around Rs 1,700 per tonne for the ongoing crushing season. Farmers' organizations have demanded for higher first installment and many factories offered Rs 2,400 per tonne. Now, the income-tax department is treating the additional difference of Rs 700 as net profit of factories and 33% tax is being charged on it.\"Sugar factories have been demanding exemption from the income-tax net, but their demands have not been accepted by the Union government, he added.Asked whether sugar factories from other states faced similar problem, Patil said, \"Sugar factories from other states, too, have been facing similar problem, but most of the factories submit their income-tax returns by March 31 every year and get some relief. Sugar factories in state submit their returns by September 30, when the fresh crushing season is about to start. This practice make income-tax officials believe that the sugar factories in state are making huge profits.\"Vijaysinh Mohite Patil, chairman of Maharashtra State Federation Of Cooperative Sugar Factories Ltd, the apex body of cooperative sugar factories, said, \"As per my information, sugar factories in other states are not facing such a problem. Every factory in state will now have to pay at least Rs 50-70 crore and no factory can pay such a huge amount. If the income-tax department continues to press for recovery of the tax dues, it will result in complete collapse of sugar factories.\"Shivajirao Giridhar Patil, an expert in sugar sector, said, \"The income-tax department officials have set aside earlier rulings and decisions regarding the process of charging tax on cooperative sugar factories. The farmers are shareholders in a sugar factory, which means they are also owners of the factory. In such a situation, shareholders process their sugarcane (raw material) and produce sugar for market distribution. The income-tax department is not ready to accept this argument and, hence, the issue is getting complicated. An inquiry committee with members from income-tax department, and sugar and government sectors is working on the issue, but no decision has been taken so far.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17408788", "title": "Kochi Metro land cost revised to 1,110 crore", "text": "KOCHI: Cost escalation has been the inevitable fall out of delays plaguing the Metro with Kochi Metro Rail Ltd (KMRL) revising the land acquisition cost to Rs 1,110 crore from the earlier projected Rs 672 crore.While land to be acquired has gone up from 31.921 hectares in the detailed project report to 40.409 hectares - an increase of 8.487 hectares - the cost has spiked by an estimated Rs 438 crore.This has followed KMRL's decision to revise the alignment, taking into account the need to straighten sharp curves on Metro's path between Aluva and Pettah. The new plan had also incorporated space for parking at stations.As part of the effort to speed up land acquisition, the revenue department has published 4(1) notification partly for seven stations and three viaducts, which would be located on the sides of the road instead of the median.The stations for which the notification has been issued include Ambattukavu, Muttom, Cusat, Changampuzha Park, Elamkulam, Thykoodam and Pettah. The stations at Kaloor, Vyttila Hub and South Railway Station have been planned on government-owned land. The viaducts are to come up at Aluva-Pulinchodu corridor, HMT railway overbridge near Nippon Toyota, and the Madhava Pharmacy corridor near Seematti. The notification for Muttom yard was also been published.As for the remaining 13 stations, the metro authority is involved in site verification and peg marking of the deviations on the side of National Highway 47 at Aluva, Muttom, area near waste disposal yard at Kalamassery and other major curves. The 4 (1) notification for these areas is expected to be ready by mid-December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17407933", "title": "Cops tread a 'fine' line to meet revenue target", "text": "BHOPAL: Unable to meet their revenue target for the year, the traffic police have pulled up their socks and launched an intensive checking campaign in the state capital to penalize violators of motor vehicles act. The city traffic police is doing its bid to shore up its revenue collections and increased presence of policemen on the roads should not be a surprise.The financial year for traffic police runs from January to December and the number of people being penalized for traffic violations automatically goes up in November and December every year as the traffic police has to ensure that the annual revenue collection is not short as compared to the previous year.The revenue collection is also important for the traffic police since 50% of the total amount collected in a year is used for modernization of traffic police and for buying gadgets required for traffic policing, the deputy superintendent of police M S Chhari told TOI.There has also been checking of vehicles in the areas near Press Complex, Piplani and New Market localities. The task gets even tougher for police as it is not easy to extract fine, which has gone up exorbitantly, from offenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17408209", "title": "Two commercial buildings sealed in Kovai", "text": "COIMBATORE: Officials from the Local Planning Authority (LPA) initiated lock-and-seal action against two buildings in the city, which were found to have violated building norms. As per orders of the district collector, the authorities locked and sealed two multi-storey commercial complexes situated at Vadavalli and NSR Road in Sai Baba Colony. The sealing drive was held at around 7.15am possibly in a bid to ensure that the procedure was completed before the arrival of the employees at the commercial outlets in these buildings.\"The action was taken after we filed prior notice to the building owners pointing out gross deviations from the approved plans and also violations from the rules and norms of the Town and Country Planning Act,\" said G Easwaran, member secretary (in-charge), LPA, Coimbatore.According to the officials, the lock-and-seal drive began with the shutdown of a commercial complex building on NSR road rented out to a baby accessory chain store, a new generation private bank and a computer centre. The structure with ground plus two floors were constructed illegally occupying a floor area of 7,000 square feet in excess of the approved building plan. There was also no set back space left out in the front, rear and on both sides of the building.The second commercial complex which was locked and sealed is in Vadavalli and housed at least six shops on the ground floor in addition to a beauty salon and other establishments on the first floor. Sudarshanam Complex also did not have adequate parking space reserved for visitors, authorities added. They also pointed out that the building was erected without adequate set back space and also illegally occupied excess floor area of about 2,000 sq ft. LPA officials added that the building was erected without the mandatory permission and approval of the department.However, owner of Sudarshanam Complex, T Shanmugasundaram claimed that he was developing the open space behind his building as parking lot for visitors. He, however, confirmed that he had received prior notice from the LPA about the lock-and-seal action. According to officials, the action was initiated as per the provisions of Town and Country Planning Act, 1971 and the provisions of the same act with amendments included in 2008. \"But mine is not the only building with violations in the city. There are many other buildings in the same locality but they chose to act against this particular building,\" Shanmugasundaram added.LPA officials said the action against illegal buildings will continue in the city in the coming days. Three buildings including a popular departmental store faced sealing and demolition of illegal structures last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17408065", "title": "Bridging the transport gap for Mahakumbh devotees", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Kumbh Mela administration is busy in constructing 18 pontoon bridges for the convenience of pilgrims. The pontoon bridges will connect Jhunsi and Arail and Chatnag and Arail areas located on the banks of the Ganga.Additional district magistrate (Kumbh) Ashutosh Kumar Dwivedi said three pontoon bridges have been completed while the work on remaining 14 is underway. Every pontoon bridge has a strong railing.Since pontoon bridges are used by a large number of pilgrims during Kumbh, the Mela authorities are constructing additional pontoon bridges this kumbh which would be more helpful during main bathing days.Apart from 18 pontoon bridges, Mela authorities also have to complete 180 km road by December end.The engineers are using latest technology in laying charkad plates for the convenience of devotees. Even heavy vehicles can easily pass through the pontoon bridges. Since two chakad plates are being connected firmly, the movement of heavy vehicles would not affect its structure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17408213", "title": "Rajasthan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Public Private Partnership projects 4th largest in country", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan ranks fourth in the list of Public Private Partnership (PPP) projects in the country. As per a report released by the Assocham, there are seven major urban development projects worth over Rs 1,400 crore currently being undertaken in construction sector in PPP mode and several others in rural areas.The state government, with its strong inclination for developing infrastructure through support from private sector, has fast-tracked various projects under PPP. Some of the projects in the ongoing scheme in urban areas include, alternate route to Ghat Ki Ghuni (Rs 150 cr), ring road project (Rs 890 cr), multi-level parking at Ashok Marg (Rs 90 cr) and affordable housing scheme (Rs 348 cr).Apart from it, thirty road projects entailing investment of Rs 4733.40 crore are under implementation. Two major projects namely Jaipur to Bhilwara project and Chomu to Mahla via Renwal, Jobner have been taken up with VGF (viability gap fund) assistance for state highways having a length 294 km and costing Rs 354 crore.\"To develop the necessary infrastructure in the state, it has become necessary to engage private sector. It reduces the financial burden at the same time provides needed services,\" said Sahnti Dhariwal, UDH minister.However, the major projects in PPP mode has been initiated in power sector. Lignite-based power plant at Bhadresh in Barmer alone stands at Rs 5,000 cr. The other major project envisaged by the government under PPP is phase-II of Jaipur Metro. From Sitapura to Ambabari, with estimated cost of Rs 6,583 crore), the operation and maintenance of entire network is proposed on PPP mode.\"The road and power sector are capital intensive projects. Apart from it consumes lot of time and resources and at present no government in the country is equipped to carry mega projects at one go. Managing them is a big issue given the scarcity of engineers in the government,\" said a senior official of the planning department.\"The government itself is not equipped with so much of resources to carry it on its own. That is why we now have a separate policy on PPP both at centre and state level,\" he added.As per the report, Haryana accounts for the maximum share of PPP projects followed by Andhra Pradesh (four projects worth about Rs 843 crore), Karnataka (four projects worth about Rs 804 crore), West Bengal (10 projects worth about Rs 591 crore) and Gujarat (one project worth about Rs 485 crore) are other leading states in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17407353", "title": "Mumbai FC see off ten-man ONGC in I-League", "text": "PUNE: Ghanaian striker Evans Quao gave Mumbai FC the much-needed boost with his 73rd minute header which won them three points against ten-man ONGC in round 8 of the I-League football tournament at the Shiv Chhatrapati sports complex, Mhalunge-Balewadi, on Wednesday.The match turned scrappy midway and referee Prabir Dhar had a busy time in the middle showing one red and four yellow cards. ONGC's Japanese striker Yusa Katsumi was given marching orders for a rough tackle which left midfielder Ashutosh Mehta with a bloody nose just before the end of the first half.The red card was shown only after Mumbai FC players' halted play demanded stern action against the Japanese. Dhar consulted fourth referee Vishnu Chauhan and then showed Katsumi the red card who refused to leave the ground until members of the team management persuaded him to leave.Players to warrant yellow cards were Mehta, and Fernandes (both Mumbai FC), Hassan Adeola and Kailash Patil (both ONGC) for rough play.Mumbai FC maintained a slight edge over their opponents throughout the match but their frontline did not live up to expectations. Nigerian striker Yusif Yakubu was heavily marked by the ONGC players.They missed three good opportunities. Quao frittered two chances in the 23rd and 26th minutes while Fernandes squandered a sitter in the 63rd minute. ONGC, on the other hand, were more on the defensive.Mumbai FC have 10 points from eight matches while ONGC remain on five.Mumbai FC coach Khalid Jamil said, \"I am happy that the hard work of my players has paid off.\" He lamented the attack on Mehta by Katsumi and castigated the latter's on-field behaviour after being shown the red card. \"Katsumi should instead be setting an example to youngsters here. Mehta will be taken for an X-ray on Thursday and doubtful for the next match,\" he said.ONGC's coach S Bhattacharya expressed his displeasure on the red card decision. \"The referee consulted the fourth official but did not consult the linesman. Katsumi is a key player. The team management will write to the All India Football Federation regarding this umpiring,\" he said.Churchill Brothers outplay United SC: Scorelines don't always reflect the accurate picture. Take United SC's 1-2 defeat to Churchill Brothers in Wednesday's Round 8 I-League encounter as an example.The one-goal margin might suggest it was a closely-fought game at the Salt Lake Stadium, but that is far from the truth. Churchill had total domination, as they controlled the midfield. The home team's lack of resistance did help them too, reports Abhishek Ganguly from Kolkata.The only blemish for Subhas Bhowmick's team was the expulsion of Beto late in the game. The Brazilian, who had a fantastic outing otherwise, was cautioned twice in the span of three minutes for fouls on James Singh.Israil Gurung and substitute Bikramjit Singh scored for Churchill to take the team to 18 points. United SC, who pulled a goal back in the 89th minute through Belo Rasaq, stayed on 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17408794", "title": "Woman makes false charge, gets man beaten up", "text": "CHENNAI: Police warned and let off a 18-year-old woman, Nirmala, for falsely charging a man with robbery on Monday.Nirmala raised an alarm accusing a man of snatching a gold chain. Passersby cornered 22-year-old Sankar and beat him up before taking him to the police station. During questioning, Nirmala revealed she had made a false accusation. Her sister Gajalakshmi and Sankar had been in love, but Sankar had ended the relationship when he came to know that Gajalakshmi was a widow.On Monday, Nirmala met Sankar near Manali and picked up a quarrel with him. She then accused him of snatching her gold ch ain. Police warned Nirmala and let her off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407812", "title": "AIIMS doctors want regular staff at Jhajjar centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: The All India Institute of Medical Sciences' plan to deploy its doctors at the outreach OPD started recently in Jhajjar, Haryana, has led to a new controversy. Several departments of the institute have questioned the move citing faculty crisis at the main centre and demanded that the administration should hire full-time dedicated faculties for the Jhajjar centre.The new campus is running OPD services in paediatrics, gynaecology, medicine, surgery, orthopaedics and ophthalmology from 9am to 1pm for which staff is transported daily from the main centre and back. Laboratory services have been outsourced to HLL Lifecare Limited, a corporate entity under the Union ministry of health and family welfare.\"AIIMS is already struggling with faculty crisis. The decision to deploy certain staff at Jhajjar on rotation basis will worsen the situation. Also, our prime responsibility of teaching and training programme of undergraduate, postgraduate and PhD students may get compromised by engaging in additional responsibilities,\" said a senior doctor.He said that doctors spend about four hours travelling daily between AIIMS campus in the capital and Jhajjar which can be avoided by having dedicated faculty for the new centre and provision of hostels. Another doctor added, \"The Jhajjar centre is being started in a rush without there being adequate infrastructure and other facilities for political reasons.\"The AIIMS main centre, which gets about 10,000 OPD patients daily from across the country, has put a cap on new OPD registration in several departments. For example, endocrinology department can see only 20 new patients daily, gastroenterology (40), nephrology (30) and medicine (200).Heads of at least five departments had raised questions about the infrastructure requirements in the meeting held on November 20.Dr R C Deka, the director of AIIMS, said that laboratory services have been outsourced at the Jhajjar centre. \"We are also in the process of hiring new staff for the Jhajjar centre which will have National Cancer Institute among other things. The issues being raised are some teething problems associated with any new service and it will be sorted out,\" he said. Deka said the pharmacy at the Jhajjar centre has also been outsourced to HLL which issues free generic medicines to patients for a week.\"On the first two days, more than 200 patients visited the OPDs. Those requiring advance care were referred to the main centre for further treatment,\" said a senior doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kohima/guwahati", "code": "17407256", "title": "Centre must resolve political issues: Neiphiu Rio", "text": "KOHIMA/GUWAHATI: Nagaland chief minister Neiphiu Rio on Wednesday said the Centre must resolve political issues and work towards bringing political stability in the region.He was speaking at the inaugural function of the 5th general conference of North East Students' Organisation (Neso).Rio stressed on the importance of the region in implementing the Look East policy. He stated that solving the political conflicts and bringing a halt to insurgency would ensure political stability resulting in peace and security which is the main criteria for economic activities to take shape.\"After having weighed both positive and negative aspects, it is time for the country to realise that the north eastern region is on the verge of becoming one of the country's most important assets on all fronts and the only way for the Centre to turn the tables in its favour was to address the issues that have plagued the region,\" said Rio.Keviletuo Kewhuo, the president of Naga Hoho who was also present at the Neso session, pointed out that India has enough problems because of which it does not have time to look at problems of the NE region. \"They do not want to look at our problems, so we have to solve it ourselves,\" he said.He added that NE MPs put together don't even represent a state's number in Parliament. \"So, we have to be strong and resolve our problems by ourselves and take up the issues together. Only then Delhi will look at us,\" said Kewhuo.The conference has been initiated to take an overall look into some of the most important issues in the region of which the issue of illegal immigration is in the forefront. And to help curb the flow of influx, the conference will pitch for a National Register of Citizens for the entire region. An NRC was in place when Assam was undivided.This will be for the first time that different student bodies of the region under the organization will be pitching for an NRC for the entire region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17408816", "title": "Man in love flees police, run over by lorry", "text": "CHENNAI: A 25-year-old man was run over by a lorry at Sunguvarchathiram in Kancheepuram district on Monday, while trying to flee from police custody. R Jayaraman of Dharmapuri, a father of two, and Pavithra, who has two children, had eloped to Chennai and were being taken home when the accident occurred.Around 2.30pm on Monday, the couple and a police team were going in a car when they stopped near Sunguvarchathiram as Jayaraman wanted to relieve himself. He stepped out and ran across the highway and was caught under the wheels of a lorry. He was taken to a hospital in Sriperumbudur and later shifted to the government general hospital in Chennai where he died in the night. The lorry driver has been arrested.After a formal inquiry by the Uthiramerur judicial magistrate, Jayaraman's body was handed over to his family, but his father refused to see it saying \"Jayaraman had brought dishonour to the family\".In October, Jayaraman's father lodged a complaint with the Sulagiri police in Krishnagiri district saying his son was missing. The Sulagiri police had received a similar complaint that Pavithra, 23, had gone missing around the same time. Inquiries revealed that Pavithra and Jayaraman, were both married when they joined a polytechnic in Dharmapuri. They fell in love and decided to live together.Last month, they came to Chennai where Jayaraman got a job at a private company in Ambattur Industrial Estate and the couple began living in Mogappair until Pavithra called her sister.The Sulagiri police came to know of this and asked Pavithra's sister to get the address of her residence. Her sister then decided to meet Pavithra near a hotel in Mogappair. A team from the Sulagiri police came along and \"rescued\" Pavithra. Jayaraman was arrested at his house.Lawyers feel there are several loose ends in this theory. \"It is a custodial death though there does not seem to be a formal arrest or detention order for the two people,\" said S Prabakaran, advocate and Bar Council of India member. \"Acting against two consenting adults, taking them into custody without proper warrant or summons and gross failure to safeguard their lives while in custody, are all offences committed by the police team. It should face criminal action for negligence, harassment and failure,\" he said.\"Once a man-missing complaint is received, police should hold an inquiry and trace the missing person. But, it is not known why the police chose to take Jayaraman and Pavithra into their custody instead of holding inquiry at their present residence? Both are adults and police cannot compel them to go back to their original families. Also, it is not clear whether the Hosur police informed their counterparts in Chennai or whether they had recorded their activities in the movement register maintained at their police station,\" said former special public prosecutor for human rights court V Kannadasan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17410385", "title": "Devotees take the dip in Ganga on Kartik Poornima", "text": "VARANASI: While the day began with the holy bath by devotees in large numbers from far and near in the Ganga at various ghats on the auspicious day of Kartik Poornima on Wednesday, the evening witnessed a spectacular glittering Dev Deepawali with locals as well as foreigners.The devotees started thronging the ghats since early morning to take the dip. Kartik Poornima snan (bath) in river Ganga in Varanasi holds special significance. A series of cultural programmes were organised at the makeshift stages built in the river. Different social organisations like Ganga Seva Nidhi and Janta Hitay Samiti organised programmes to celebrate the occasion. Traditionally, the events also witnesses wreaths placed at Amar Jawan Jyoti at Dashashwamedh Ghat by officials of police, 39 Gorkha Training Centre, 95 CRPF battalion, 4 Air Force Selection Board and 7 UP battalion of NCC (naval).Since the event is a major tourist attraction and is crowd pulling, elaborate security measures were made to avert any untoward incident. The vehicular movements were restricted on the roads leading to the ghats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17409408", "title": "Prayers, rituals mark Guru Nanak Jayanti", "text": "RANCHI: Sikhs thronged various gurudwaras in the city to pay obeisance to their first guru on Guru Nanak Jayanti.The day started with \"sahaj path\" which is the reading of the Gurugranth Sahib, the holy book of the Sikhs. \"The devotees have been visiting the gurudwara since morning when the sahaj path started. We have also called popular singers from Amritsar, Alwar and Yamuna Nagar for 'kirtan', 'kathas' and 'akhand path' which will continue till 2 in the night as it's the time of birth of Gurunanak,\" said Gagandeep Sethi, secretary of Gurudwara Shri Guru Singh sabha.The gurudwaras were decorated with flowers and \"langar\" was organized on the Gurunanak School premises and gurudwaras. People of all age groups went to the gurudwara to pay tributes to their guru. \"I have come from Jamshedpur to visit the gurudwara here as I have stayed here in the city for long before shifting to Jamshedpur. The singers are very popular for whom I am here to listen to their kirtans on this auspicious day,\" said Simranjeet Kaur, an elderly woman.Cultural programmes on this occasion were also held on the premises of Gurunanak School where former Union tourism minister Subodh Kant Sahay , assembly speaker C P Singh and others visited. A blood donation camp was also organized on this occasion where 150 people donated blood by noon.Paying tribute to Gurunanak, Sahay said, \"It's not only the Sikhs who celebrate the festival but the occasion is celebrated by all in every part of the country.\"Along with Gurunanak Jayanti, Kartik Purnima, an auspicious occasion for the Hindus, was also celebrated by the Hindu devotees across the city. Many lakes and rivers across the city were crowded since early in the morning as people came out to take a holy dip on this day.\"Kartik Purnima is a very auspicious day for us. According to rituals, a dip in the lake or river is taken early in the morning. So I, too, went to the temple after taking a dip at Boreya Lake. I have a resolution that some day I will bathe in the Ganga which is considered auspicious on this day,\" said Manikant Tiwary, a devotee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17407291", "title": "Arunachal Pradesh enhances 7% DA, DR for employees", "text": "ITANAGAR: The Arunachal Pradesh government has announced a seven per cent hike in dearness allowance (DA) and dearness relief (DR) for state government employees with effect from July 1 last.Chief minister Nabam Tuki had approved the enhancement on November 23 last after a continued demand by the Confederation of Services Associations of Arunachal Pradesh (CoSAAP), the umbrella organisation of the employees.As per a government notification issued on Tuesday, the DA payable to state government employees would be enhanced from the existing 65 per cent to 72 per cent. The additional installment of DA payable under this order would be paid in cash to all state government employees.In a similar notification, the state government also approved enhancement of DR, payable to the state government and family pensioners from the existing rate of 65 per cent to 72 per cent with effect from July 1 last.While approving the enhancements and subsequent release of DA and DR, the chief minister expressed hope that the state government employees would reciprocate positively and re-dedicate themselves to the service of the state and its citizens.\"Ours is a people's government. We are committed to looking after the welfare of our employees, who are the backbone of the government. Let us work together for the greater interest of our people,\" he said in a statement from New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17409092", "title": "Kidnapping case accused nabbed", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The special investigation team probing the kidnapping of the accused in the Kololamba investment fraud case Sakeer Hussain, has arrested the main accused of the incident on Wednesday.The arrested has been identified as Abdul Rasaque (40) of Kololamba near Edappal. Four persons were also held in connection with the case. But their arrests are yet to be recorded.Sakeer was kidnapped by a group of unidentified persons at Mookuthala near Changaramkulam on November 20. But with the police on their trail, the kidnappers released him from their custody at Gudalloor in Tamil Nadu, two days ago.The investigation team which interrogated Rasaque has collected details of the members of the quotation gang. The police had already taken the van used by the kidnappers into custody.Ponnani CI Abdul Muneer said the second vehicle which was used by the gang to transport Sakeer to Gudallur from Edappal is yet to be taken into custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407715", "title": "Insurance firm asked to pay Rs 1 lakh to client", "text": "NEW DELHI: A district consumer forum has asked the National Insurance Company to pay Rs 1 lakh for repudiating the insurance claim of one of its clients.The complainant, Ratan Sethi, had purchased a vehicle from Tajinder Sethi in December 2008. He had insured the car for an amount of Rs 90,000 with the company and claims to have stated that the \"formalities of the transfer of the registration certificate of the vehicle was still in process\". When the car was stolen, the company refused to pay the insurance amount saying that he was \"not the registered owner of the vehicle on the date of the theft\".However, the forum said the insurance company issued the insurance in the name of complainant with prior knowledge that \"the certificate of registration of the vehicle had not been transferred\" in his name and hence, it \"cannot take benefit of its own wrong\".The company was told to pay to the complainant an amount of Rs 90,000 with interest at 9% per annum from the date of repudiation of the claim till the realization of the claim. B B Chaudhary, president of the forum said, \"However, the complainant shall transfer the certificate of registration of the vehicle in the name of the insurance company.\" The forum also asked the company to pay Rs 10,000 as litigation charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17408084", "title": "Lax monitoring to blame for fudging pilots' records", "text": "MUMBAI: For about two years now, it has been an open secret among Air India and Jet Airways pilots. A handful of instructors and examiners, out of sheer laziness and a greed to earn more money with less effort and time, regularly cut short the mandatory four simulator training sessions that they are supposed to carry out with each pilot, by as much as half and over log or enter fake simulator training timings in the records. Usually, over and above the simulator timings, the instructor is supposed to arrive one hour ahead for briefing and leave one hour after the simulator session after debriefing, which hardly happens with some of these instructors\"Most of their sessions are typically scheduled at night. It starts post midnight when there are no officials around to monitor what is going on,\" said an Air India pilot, on the condition of anonymity. \"In fact, in Jet Airways, about two months ago, two Boeing 737 pilots undergoing simulator training sessions were aghast to see their instructor fast asleep on his station,\" said a commander from Jet Airways.Recently, Jet Airways grounded two examiners and Air India has initiated an inquiry against two top officials involved in training and operations. These pilots were found to have trained each pilot for lesser than the mandated four hours, but they over logged to cover up their act.While the training centres of aircraft manufacturers like Boeing and Airbus monitor each and every simulator training session (they give type-rating training to their client airlines, that is, training to fly a particular aircraft type) that their instructors carry out with airline pilots, carriers like AI and Jet Airways do not have a system in place that monitors the quality of training of these simulator training sessions, leaving some unscrupulous instructors free to cut corners with the training programme.\"There was no system to monitor the sessions, but people carried out their duties sincerely. Malpractices began in the last few years, especially among retired pilots, hired on contract by airlines because of dearth of trained instructors,\" said a senior AI commander.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17408136", "title": "Former Pakistan minister offers help to Saurabh Kalia family", "text": "AMRITSAR: International support poured in for Captain Saurabh Kalia as Pakistan's former federal minister for human rights Ansar Burney vowed to back the family if the allegations of torture levelled against Islamabad were proved. UK-based rights activist Jas Uppal has also promised support to the Kalia family.While talking to TOI over phone from Karachi on Wednesday, Burney said if the allegations of torture were proved, he would take up the case with Pakistan government and generate public support for Kalia.\"The incident has to be thoroughly probed, right after the arrest of Kalia in Pakistan and I will personally meet the family members of Kalia to know the truth during my next visit to India,\" he said. \"Both the countries should take such prisoners as prisoners only and not enemies,\" he added.Captain Kalia and five other soldiers were captured by Pakistan on May 15, 1999, and subjected to inhuman torture. After 15 days of captivity, Pakistan had returned Kalia's mutilated body through the Attari international border. Kalia's father, N K Kalia, moved the Supreme Court on Tuesday, seeking direction to the government to raise the issue of his son at the International Court of Justice (ICJ) in Hague.Uppal said she had reported the case of Kalia and his fellow soldiers who were tortured to death to the UN, Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch . \"All these soldiers were captured alive and their tortured bodies returned to India in body bags. This amounts to war crimes,\" she said.If the Supreme Court directs the Indian government to refer the cases to the ICJ, then they would be able to investigate thoroughly and address the concerns of the families of these officers, she added. \"This will also highlight to the world Pakistan's inhuman treatment of Indian PoWs,\" she said.Another rights activist from Pakistan and advocate of Sarabjit Singh , an Indian prisoner in Kot Lakhpat jail there, Awais Sheikh refused to comment on the issue, saying Kalia's case was pending in Supreme Court. \"Let the court first give some decision, then I'll give my comment,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17407984", "title": "Woman dies after consuming poison", "text": "INDORE: A 21-year-old woman died under suspicious circumstances in Chandan Nagar area on Tuesday night after consuming poison. Police are investigating if it is a case of dowry death.The deceased has been identified as Poonam Khati, wife of Mithun Khati, resident of Kalaria village at Dhar road. Poonam was brought to district hospital first from where she was referred to MY Hospital on Tuesday night. Her family members informed doctors that she had consumed poison while Poonam's father alleged that her in-laws had poisoned her for not getting dowry.When doctors declared Poonam dead, her family members reportedly escaped from the scene, leaving her body in the hospital, said her father Sohanlal Ahirwar. Poonam's father and other members of her maternal home got to know about the incident only in the morning after which they rushed to hospital.Sohanlal Ahirwar said that Poonam was married to one Mithun in April this year. Mithun runs a mobile shop in the nearby locality. His family members reportedly demanded Rs 2 lakh for expanding the shop. When Poonam informed her father about the demand, he reportedly decided to give the money after selling his land. \"However, it did not work and that's why my daughter was poisoned,\" Ahirwar said.Investigating officer Lakshman Singh Gaur confirmed that the death had happened due to consumption of poison. Police are now investigating the dowry angle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17410543", "title": "Crib deaths: Task force to visit Malda hospital", "text": "KOLKATA: The spate of crib deaths at Malda Medical College has prompted the state health department to introduce a slew of measures. Even though health officials claimed that the rate of death has dropped at the hospital compared to last year, there was scope for bringing it down further.By December, a new paediatric unit will be started and instruments installed at the hospital. A health department team left for Malda to visit the hospital on Wednesday. It will hold meetings with district health officials on Thursday.Over the last seven days, 27 crib deaths have been reported from the hospital.In 2011, 500 babies died at the hospital. Even though the figure was steep, the number of admissions, too, has gone up, argued health officials. Quoting figures, they pointed out that 238 babies were admitted to the neo-natal ward of the hospital and 39 had died in November 2011.In November this year, the number of deaths went up to 65 but 465 babies were admitted. While 38 deaths had occurred in October 2011 out of 270 admissions, this October, 70 crib deaths occurred out of 643 admissions.\"The number of patients has doubled in a year. This has happened due to the fast expanding catchment area of the Malda Medical College Hospital. Patients have been streaming in from all over the district and even from Balurghat and Bangladesh . We had around 600 admissions last month but the hospital is obviously not equipped to handle this load,\" said Tridib Banerjee, chairman of the task force for infant mortality.It has been decided that a 6000 sq ft mother-and-child hub will be set up at the hospital at a cost of Rs 16 crore. The number of warmers at the paediatric unit will be raised to 75 from the present 42 by next month.\"We are also going to enhance manpower, in terms of both nursing and medical staff, by December. It will go up by at least 25%, \"said Banerjee.It will take two-three years to set up the mother-and-child hub. The hub will be armed with a paediatric emergency unit, an ICU, a high-dependency unit (HDU), a sick-newborn care unit (SNCU), a new-born intensive care unit (NICU), a neo-natal ward, a paediatric ward, diagnostic facilities, an obstetrics emergency unit, ante-natal and post-natal wards, labour room, two operation theatres and an obstetrics HDU.A sick newborn stabilization unit, too, will be set up. It will have basic childcare facilities like radiant warmers and a phototherapy unit. The child mortality rate in West Bengal is 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17407110", "title": "Two held for snatching hawala cash", "text": "NEW DELHI: Twenty days after three bikers robbed Rs 23 lakh from a liquor businessman's employee on Heli Road in Barakhamba Road police station area, two men have been arrested. The New Delhi district police is still looking for another accused.The probe has established that the money was part of a hawala racket originating in Srinagar. The victim was carrying the hawala money to Gurgaon from Chandni Chowk. The matter was reported to Enforcement Directorate and special cell.The arrested have been identified as Azam and Ajay Srivastav.Sachin Sharma (26) was returning to his office after collecting 'payment' from north Delhi when two men on a bike snatched his bag at gunpoint even as a third - the mastermind who led the other accused to the victim - watched from a distance. A team led by SHO Satish Chander raided a flat at Loni in Ghaziabad and nabbed him.Azam, from Amethi, was staying at Rehman Building in Shahdara when he got employed with the liquor businessman. He had recently left the job and planned the robbery after noticing the movement of cash for several days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "17409345", "title": "Maoist-hit Gumla block sees development hope", "text": "GUMLA: Naxalite-hit Ghaghra block in the district is marching ahead in infrastructure development with a double-storeyed building set to be used as panchayat secretariat. Other facilities too are coming up to benefit the residents of one of the biggest blocks in the district.Now, Rukkie, Dirgaon and Bimarla panchayats, which are affected by extremism, will have double-storeyed panchayat bhavans. The Maoists are learnt to have stopped the work after the construction of the first floor of the buildings fearing that they would be used as camps for the security forces.However, now (the rebels) they have allowed work on the upper floor in deference to the wishes of the local residents, a source said. Some months ago, the Maoists had also permitted construction of over 2 km concrete road on Rukkie valley because of pressure exerted on them by village women.Of the total 18 panchayat bhavans sanctioned for the blocks, work has been completed in Ghaghra block headquarters, Dewaki, Sehal, Chundri and Aadar panchayats, said Ghaghra block development officer (BDO) Gautam Sahu. \"Work on rest of them is in progress,\" he added.Residential quarters for teachers of the Scheduled tribe (ST) high school at Navadiha have also come up in the block under the integrated action plan (IAP) of the Planning Commission, Sahu said. The block office premises look useful with useful buildings like a meeting hall which was given additional facelift by the young BDO and a new Rajiv Gandhi Sewa Kendra building being constructed.An agriculture technique information centre building has also been built for farmers, said DDC Punai Oraon adding the same would be used to hone skill of the farmers by agro officials.Kasturba Gandhi Girls School and industrial training institute buildings are almost complete in the block, Oraon said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17410623", "title": "Govt has to seek Centre's nod for transport reforms", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government plans to introduce a legislation to bring all state transport corporations under one umbrella in order to ensure pay parity among them.However, in order to merge the PSUs under a common body, the state government needs the approval of not only the high court but also of the Centre, since corporations involved in the same type of business will unit to cut down costs.The state government has already been reeling under allegations of delay in salary of the corporation staff.Transport minister Madan Mitra said that bringing the corporations under one umbrella will help to sort out the problem of finances. The salary structure of NBSTC varied from that of CSTC. Though both the organizations had an equal number of staff, the state had to spend Rs 2 crore per month as salary for NBSTC, while that for CSTC was Rs 88 lakh per month, he said.Merging the corporations will help to do away with this discrepancy and also streamline pensions and the other allowances, the minister added.Mitra said that ideally there should be two corporations - one for south Bengal and one for north Bengal. The group of ministers in charge of transport will take the final call, he said. The state cabinet has already given a go ahead to the merging of CTC, CSTC and WBSTC under one umbrella.On the allegations of delay in payment of salaries, Mitra denied the government had defaulted. \"It is not true that the staff were not getting their salaries. It's just that it has been delayed,\" he said. He also urged transport workers not to commit suicide as that was no solution.The state government is planning to bring in a legislation for merger of transport corporations, as the transport department is planning to bring in a pay parity between the different corporations.There had been allegations about delay in salary of the corporations and the merger is expected to hasten the salary process and it will bring in more financial . Now to do away with the delay new corporations are being planned with merger of some of the existing corporations, but for it approval of the high court is needed. Even merger of the corporations need clearance from the Centre as it is going to be a horizontal merger with the corporations involved in same type of business will unite to cut down running cost.The state transport department this week was charged with delay in paying salary of the staff, for this the merger is planned immediately. The revenue of the transport department in October 2012 has increased by 42 crore than last October as the revenue turned out to be Rs 100 crore.Transport minister Madan Mitra said that bringing in the corporations under one roof will help to sort out many problems. He said that the salary structure of NBSTC varied from that of CSTC. He said that though both the organizations had equal number of staff, but the state government had to spend Rs 2 crore per month as salary for NBSTC, while that for CSTC was Rs 88 lakh per month. So, there was discrepancy in the salary structure, which the government wants to remove. Even the pension and the other allowances also varies and so to streamline it, a new corporation is being planned.Mitra said that ideally there should be two corporations one for south Bengal and another for north Bengal. The group of ministers in charge of transport will be taking the final call, Mitra said. Already the state cabinet had discussed about merging of CTC, CSTC and WBSTC.Mitra however denied the allegation that there was much delay in paying the salaries of the transport staff. On Sunday a CTC staff Gopal Chandra Dey (48) died, after he had set himself afire. Mitra on Wednesday had gone to the home of the dead employee and tried to console the bereaved family. He said that Dey got salary of September on October 18 and did not get the salary of October which was due in November. He said that the cause of suicide is deep rooted and asked the staff and the pensioners not to commit suicide, as suicide is not a solution.He reiterated, \"It is untrue that the staff were not getting salary, but their salary is delayed.\" He said that the corporations are submitting the salary bills much late and for that there was delay in clearing the salary. \"I myself go to the finance minister to get the concurrence of the finance department so that the salary bill can be quickly cleared.Mitra, however, turned down the chance of a bus fare review and said that bus owners have to abide by the fare structure approved by the transport department. Moreover, he said that there will be raids on errant transport operators and the minister will hold a meeting on Friday to discuss the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17410084", "title": "Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University extends application dates", "text": "AURANGABAD: Sanjay Shinde, public relations officer of the Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University (BAMU), said today that the varsity has decided to revise the date for application for convocation degrees. \"The new date has been revised from November 30 to January 31,\" he said.BAMU has received more than 20,000 applications for obtaining qualification degree in the last two months. Applicants include those who have passed from the university this year, after as well as those who passed out in previous batches.Many students after completion of their course do not apply for their convocation degree. On account of this, the university started imposing a fine of Rs 200 for each degree per year. \"Students started applying immediately and also requested to waive off the fine,\" said Shinde.He said that the university started a fine waiver scheme from September 25 this year. \"Latest records show that around 10,000 students from previous batches have applied for the degree. Another 10,000 from October 2011 and March 2012 batches have also applied.\"The decision to revise the dates has been made so that more students can avail the facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17408605", "title": "Celebration of UP legislature's 125 years", "text": "LUCKNOW: To mark the completion of 125 years of Uttar Pradesh's legislature, the state government will hold a three-day celebration along with a special sitting of the House on January 8, 2013. In an official release issued on Wednesday, the government has also decided to constitute a 10-member committee, comprising chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , chairman of the legislative council and speaker of the legislative assembly, among others, to oversee the preparations for the event. The state's legislature was constituted in January 8, 1887 under the Indian Council Act of 1861.Among the preparations that have been proposed to mark the historic event, the government has decided to release a special postal stamp to mark the event, organise an exhibition to showcase the rich history of the House, issue a coin displaying the Vidhan Sabha building, apart from felicitating eminent members of the state legislature and a three-day cultural programme to mark the event.A 10- member committee led by chief minister and Chairman and Speaker of both Houses will work out the details of the programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17409558", "title": "Traveller gets Rs 8k compensation", "text": "BANGALORE: An eight-hour journey from Bangalore to Sagar, Shimoga , on a chilly night in November 2011 turned back-breaking for 75-year-old Sushilamma KS. Reason: She was put on a sitting coach instead of the sleeper coach for which she had a ticket.Susheelamma moved court, which has awarded her a compensation of Rs 8,000 for being put through mental agony. A bench observed: \"Due to delay in departure of bus at that odd hour, it caused inconvenience to the complainant and that amounts to deficiency in service.\"Susheelamma complained to the court in July that she was suffering from back pain and had preferred to travel by a sleeping coach bus. The bus was scheduled to depart at 9pm, but when she reached Anand Rao Circle, the boarding point around 8.40pm, she was told that it would come 15 minutes late. She was later told that the bus would start from Gandhinagar. Finally, she was informed that the sleeper coach had developed a snag and would not come. Around 11.45pm she was put on a sitting coach bus.\"The reservation was done two days prior to travel with understanding that it would be a sleeping coach bus as I had to get down at Sagar,\" she contended. She said the bus did not stop at Sagar and so she could get down at Honnavar, about 100 km away from her destination.Susheelamma demanded a compensation of Rs 20,000 from Sugama Tours. The company denied her claim. They informed the court that other passengers got down at Sagar. A bench of president T Rajshekharaiah and member Dr Subhashini directed Sugama Tours to pay Susheelamma Rs 5,000 as compensation and Rs 3,000 as cost of litigation within 30 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17407845", "title": "Two-year-old drowns in underground water tank in Moshi", "text": "PUNE: A two-year-old boy drowned in an underground water tank at Moshi after he accidentally fell into it early on Wednesday morning. The Bhosari MIDC police identified the boy as Tushar Mali of Moshi-Alandi road.Inspector Rajendra Kunte of Bhosari MIDC police station said Tushar's father, Balaji, is a construction labourer. The family had come to Pune from Osmanabad about four days back. They were staying on the first floor of an under-construction building.Around 9 am on Wednesday, Tushar's mother came to the ground floor for washing clothes. Tushar was playing around her. \"She opened the cover of the tank to draw water,\" Kunte said.After washing the clothes, she went to dry them leaving the tank open. After returning, she found Tushar was not around. \"Suspecting that he might have fallen into the tank, she raised the alarm. Other labourers at the site managed to remove Tushar from the tank and rushed him to the Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial Hospital where he died while being treated,\" Kunte said. A case of accidental death has been registered.This is the third incident involving children below five years in Pimpri-Chinchwad since Sunday.On November 25, four-year-old Niruta Odh was crushed to death after she got stuck in the main gate of a company at Bhosari MIDC. The incident took place, when her father, a security guard at the company, was closing the gate.On Tuesday, a nine-month-old baby girl died after falling from the fourth floor.The incident took place at Ujjwal Park in Dalvinagar, Chinchwad, when the toddler, Nidhi Katare , crawled her way through an open window and fell down. Nidhi's uncle and her mother rushed her to the Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial Hospital, where she died during treatment. The Chinchwad police have registered a case of accidental death in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "17407432", "title": "Cops hunt for gold thieves", "text": "BICHOLIM: Bicholim police have conducted a massive search operation to findthe burglars involved in the theft of gold ornaments from a jewellery shop in Sanquelim market on Tuesday.Some unidentified culprits, comprising two couples, entered the shop owned by one Suresh Pawaskar, and after distracting him, decamped with ornaments worth 5 lakh and made good their escape. Search operations are on in Sangli, Kankavli, Dodamarg, Vengurla, Sawantwadi and Solapur areas of Maharashtra, said Bicholim PI Ninad Deulkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "17409394", "title": "Gumla youth tops Jharkhand civil services examination", "text": "GUMLA: He was hopeful of his selection but never thought of getting the top position. So when Lekhraj Nag topped the list of the fourth state civil service examination conducted by the Jharkhand Public Service Commission , it was unbelievable to him.\"I cound not believe it first\" he told TOI. So offering thanks to the god was thought necessary and the entire family sat together to worship the almighty for blessing till Wednesday afternoon. A soft-spoken Lekharaj has proved that patience and dedication to study could lead one to realize his or her dreams.Lekhraj did his schooling from Saraswati Shishu Mandir and St Ignatius High School here. After completing intermediate from St Xavier's College, Ranchi he came back to Gumla to clear graduation with history honours from Kartik Oraon College here. He did his masters in public administration from Eastern Institute for Integrated Learning in Management, Sikkim and competed NET and Junior Research Fellowship this year.The long six years of study and preparations made him seasoned to perform well in exams and ultimately his patience paid off. \"It was my third attempt. Though I had qualified for interview twice but finally could not succeed,\" he said.He chose public administration and Nagpuri language and literature as optional subjects for the main examination. The former is closely related the administrative job while the latter is close to local culture of the state and scoring too, he said.Despite being the state topper, he chose administrative service though he had the choice of police service. Studying five to six hours daily was Lekhraj's schedule during the past few years.On a query that the provincial service needs to be more effective in deliverance, he said the provincial services officers usually execute different programmes and schemes of the government.\"The morale and integrity level needs to be strengthened to come up to the wishes and aspiration of the people.\" Counting three factors - persistence and continuity in study, seer patience and self-confidence as the key to success, he said a strategy too needed to be followed in preparing for the civil service examination.Besides Lekhraj, Raja Mitra, Julfikar Ansari, Sandeep Bhagat, Isha Khandelwal and Ravi Kishore Ram from the district, too, have cracked the state civil service examination this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17407904", "title": "Police book 3 in Chhatarpur for 'dabba trade'", "text": "BHOPAL: The state police have booked three persons in a remote village of Chhatarpur district on Wednesday, as its first initiative to spike the flourishing 'dabba trade' - a colloquial code used for illegal trading of securities outside the exchange mechanism.Dabba trading is a term used for trading that was used in India (like bucket shops in US) before being banned by the Securities and Exchange Board of India ( SEBI ) in January 2003, said police.A case has been registered against Manoj Sahu, Kailash Yadav and Suresh Ahirwar, all three residents of Naugaon village in Chhatarpur under Sections 20, 21 of Forward Contract Regulation Act (FCRA) and Section 23 of Securities Contract Regulation Act.\"We have confiscated incriminating documents, diaries of transactions, laptops and hard disks of their computers,\" Nimish Agrawal, city superintendent of police (CSP) Chhatarpur told TOI.Documents indicate that they were into this 'dabba trade' through gold , silver, crude oil and other commodities. \"There is a long list of their clients; we are scrutinizing it for further action,\" said Agrawal, a 2010 batch IPS officer. Their customers include jewellers, farmers, dal millers, timber merchants and other businessmen.This development assumes significance as the, the sector regulator Forward Markets Commission (FMC) has started holding training programmes for police forces across the country where such trading is generating bigger trading volumes, even in the remote areas.In 2011, FMC had organised a workshop at criminal investigation department (CID) Bhopal , wherein participants were provided a detailed write-up about the FCR Act, the rules, FIRs filed in the FMC and copies of documents seized from the dabba trade market in other states. This is the first arrest after the FMC workshop in MP, said sources.\"The size of illegal futures trade in commodities is expected to be up to crores of rupees. Even in the Naugaon case, huge transactions has come to fore,\" says Pankaj Shrivastava, inspector general (IG) Sagar range.The operators violate rules relating to registrations, transaction, margins and settlements. They also evade the tax regulations, which prohibit dealings in cash, he said adding several bookies in the region have shifted to dabba trade in the last two years.The Naugaon case is being investigated by CSP Nimish Agrawal in close coordination with superintendent of police (SP) Shiyas A and IGP, Shrivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17407007", "title": "Anjuna bar owner held, freed on bail for loud music", "text": "MAPUSA: Anjuna police on Tuesday night arrested and later released on bail Sanjay Govekar, owner of a bar and restaurant, at Dando, Anjunafor allegedly playing loud amplified music beyond the permissible time limit without taking permission from competent authority.After complaints by the locals, police conducted the raid and nabbed Govekar, resident of Soranto wada, Anjuna.Residents from Dando were disturbed by the loud music being played in the restaurant and bar in Anjuna. Locals called up Anjuna deputy sarpanch Savio Almeida and Lavino Rebello, who have been appointed representatives of the villagers to inform police about illegal rave parties. Almeida, Rebello along with panch members Dinesh Patil and Sheetal Naik and locals went to the police station at about 11pm and complained about noise pollution. They also rang up the SP, locals informed.Acting on the complaint, Anjuna police team visited the spot and it was noticed that loud amplified music was being played at Shiva Valley bar and restaurant owned by Sanjay Govekar. People were seen dancing to the tunes of the music.Music equipment such as two big speakers, an amplifier and two CDs were attached under panchanama. An offence under Section 7 and 10 of Madhya Pradesh Control of Music and Noise Act was registered. Govekar was arrested and released on bail. Further investigation are in progress.Locals alleged that a part of the proceeds from the rave parties go to politicians and police, so they turn a blind eye to the happenings.Dy sarpanch Savio Almeida said that it an open secret that drugs are used at rave party spots which he said was giving Anjuna a bad name and driving away decent foreign tourists.\"MLA Dayanand Mandrekar should intervene and stop the illegal rave party menace and rescue people from the trauma of sleepless nights,\" Savio Almeida said.The locals of Anjuna have started protesting against late night rave parties which have become common in Anjuna causing noise pollution.North Goa SP Vijay Singh on Saturday met locals of Anjuna who have been complaining about loud music played in shacks and at late night parties and assured them of taking legal action against loud music.Following the meeting, deputy sarpanch Savio Almeida and panch Lavino Rebello were appointed representatives of the affected people who will contact the police whenever illegal rave parties are organized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17407377", "title": "Hyderabad tops in number of obesity cases in metros", "text": "HYDERABAD: At least 17% of adults in Hyderabad are obese and are likely to become diabetic at a later stage, the highest among all the metros in the country, experts said on Tuesday.Doctors quoting two separate studies, including the one carried out by National Institute of Nutrition, said at least 15% schoolchildren in Hyderabad are obese, mainly due to consumption of junk food, and almost 85% of such kids were likely to grow up to become obese men and women.Sedentary jobs, mushrooming junk food outlets and declining interest towards home-cooked food are all major contributors to the high number of obesity cases in the city, they said. \"About 80% of obesity patients face the risk of getting type-2 diabetes. They are also prone to high blood pressure, heart problems, osteoarthritis , colon cancer , sleep disorders and many others,\" said Mahidhar Valeti, a bariatric surgeon who started Obecure Foundation to spread awareness on obesity. \"Apart from that, many obese patients suffer from low self esteem and lack of confidence,\" he said.The foundation will begin dozens of workshops soon to spread awareness about obesity and its risk factors because obesity has become a common health issue, he added.Blaming the highest number of obesity among adults in Hyderabad to wrong eating habits, Valeti said obesity is a silent killer and nationwide 12 crores of Indians were reeling under obesity and related problems.Other health experts said that obesity in kids needs to be immediately checked because 85% of obese kids grow to become obese adults. \"We have also done a research and found out that 15% of schoolchildren in the city are obese. This only shows that there is going to be a big surge in number of obesity cases in the future,\" Suresh Chandra Hari, a bariatric surgeon at Sigma Hospitals said, blaming parents and school managements for the present situation.\"The parents do not have time to make nutritious food for their children and are okay with their children feeding on high calorie junk food. They in fact think it is nutritious,\" he added. \"Many of the schools do not even have playground or fail to inculcate some form of physical activity for the schoolchildren.\"Subhash informed that it was the affluent and the upper middle class sections which were falling prey to obesity. Some experts also say that it is time government regulates and brings in rules which can affectively control obesity. \"The government should impose a ban on certain type of food and also should regulate the large number of fast food centres. Also, the consumers should be notified on the contents of the food and its calories. If there are no steps taken to control it, then obesity may soon turn into an epidemic,\" warns TLVD Prasad, surgical gastroenterologist and a bariatric surgeon at Yashoda hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17408544", "title": "Diamond outshines gold this wedding season", "text": "PATNA: Gold is glittering like never before, at least price-wise. It may be making a big hole in the budget of those who have wedding in their families, but jewellery is a must in Indian 'shaadi'. And, it's a wedding season!Sale of ornaments has continued its upward trend this wedding season, too, said Umesh Tekriwal, manager of a branded jewellery showroom on Fraser Road. \"People have shifted their loyalties to diamond jewellery as gold has become expensive,\" he said, adding that brides-to-be this season are preferring lightweight jewellery in traditional designs.Tekriwal added, \"Owing to inflation , few people have cut down on their gift budget but customary jewellery buying cannot be avoided in a wedding.\" After a good sale during the festival season, jewellers expect to make a killing before wedding season in India will taper off in December.Prashant Bansali, manager of a branded jewellery showroom near Hathwa Market, said with the increase in gold rates, buying capacity of people has definitely gone down. \"People are going for traditional designs that give a heavy look but are light in weight.\" Asked if diamond was outshining gold this season, Bansali said, \"Solitaire has become popular but the sale finally depends on the requirements and choice of the buyers.\"However, the sparkle of a bride's gold necklace is no less than the twinkle in her eyes on her D-Day. 'Dulhan Shringar' is incomplete without jewellery and the brides-to-be of the city nowadays are very particular about it. Wedding bells for Puja Singh would ring on December 9 and she is busy finishing her last minute preparations. A visibly excited Puja, who was shopping at one of the city malls, said, \"I have already bought my wedding 'lehnga' and the matching diamond neckpiece.\" Asked the kind of jewellery she bought for her marriage, Puja said, \"The designs of the gold set is very traditional but the solitaire-set is more delicate in looks.\"Accompanying Puja was her sister Shradha, who said she had bought imitation jewellery for her sister's big day. In her words, \"I've bought artificial sets that match with each of my dresses that I would be wearing on 'haldi', 'mehndi', 'shaadi' and reception days.\"Few shops in the city are also offering 'lagna' discounts to lure customers to shell a few extra bucks for the glittering metals this season. Vivek Singh, manager of a jewellery shop on Boring Road said, \"We are offering some discount on the jewellery-making charge and also have gift hampers for newlyweds.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17408926", "title": "Modi's Lokayukta fear reasonable: NGO to Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi has \"reasonable apprehension\" on the appointment of Justice (retd) R A Mehta as Lokayukta by governor Dr Kamla as the former judge had made public statements against the state government prior to his appointment, an NGO has told the Supreme Court.Ahmedabad-based NGO National Council for Civil Liberties (NCCL), through senior advocate Soli J Sorabjee, cited alleged instances to suggest that Justice Mehta would not be able to exercise his functions \"objectively\" and with \"impartiality\".He submitted before a bench headed by Justice B S Chauhan that Justice Mehta, who is also a trustee of NGO Centre for Social Justice, had made utterances criticizing the state government's alleged \"wrong policies\".Further, the NCCL, which has filed its petition through its president V K Saxena, submitted that the former judge, as a member of a panel, had criticized the government for not fulfilling its responsibility in rehabilitating the 2002 riot-affected people.Quoting these and other instances, Sorabjee, who was assisted by advocate Unmesh Shukula, told the bench that \"the chief minister could well have reasonable apprehension that Justice Mehta has disabled himself from exercising his functions objectively and with impartiality.\"The NGO, along with the Gujarat government, has filed the petition challenging the Gujarat high court verdict upholding the appointment of Mehta as the Lokayukta by the governor.The Centre, however, has contended that there should not be any interference with the high court order and the appeal filed by the state government and the NGO was devoid of merit.Besides the statements on the state government's alleged \"wrong policies\" and rehabilitation of riot-affected people, the NGO said that the retired judge, as a member of a jury, had issued a communique at the end of a public meeting \"which contained statements which are antagonistic to the state\".Alleging that the past conduct of the Lokayukta reflected bias against the state government, the NCCL said, \"If a person by his conduct or utterances has evinced antipathy toward another person or body or entity or has expressed disapprobation in that case, a reasonable person may well have a reasonable apprehension of bias.\"Earlier, in a written statement, the NGO had contended that the appointment of Justice Mehta as the Lokayukta of the state was in \"breach of law\" and \"in defiance of the ministerial advice.\"The state government had said the governor has to act on the advice of the state cabinet and its consent is must for the appointment of Lokayukta. It had argued that the appointment was done by Dr Kamala without following due procedure in an unconstitutional manner.The state government had also said the governor had exercised her personal discretion unilaterally and issuing of the warrant of appointment of Lokayukta by him was \"unwarranted\". The governor had on August 25, 2011 appointed Justice Mehta to the post of Lokayukta, which had been lying vacant for the last eight years.The high court had on January 18 rejected the Gujarat government's plea against the appointment, three months after it had given a split verdict.Justice V M Sahai, who decided the matter as a third judge had said the \"pranks\" played by the chief minister on the Lokayukta issue \"demonstrates deconstruction of our democracy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "17409057", "title": "Wood mafia man held", "text": "KEONJHAR: Police arrested one person of Patna police station area for attacking a team of forest officials on Tuesday. He was forwarded to court.Police, however, are yet to arrest other members of the wood mafia team involved in the attack. Five forest officials were injured and hospitalized when a group of 20 wood mafia men attacked them on Monday night in Patna police station limit. The incident took place in Brahamanibeda village under Goras GP of the said police station, about 65 km from here, when the forest officials' team went to seize illegal wood.According to forest officials, after receiving a complaint they seized 40 pieces of sal logs lying in the village. The forest team of 11 officials went with a tractor and a van to shift the stolen logs to Patna range office on Monday evening. When they were returning, suddenly the wood mafia men attacked them and tried to loot the logs from them. They attacked forest officials with weapons and damaged the van, before fleeing the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-29"}
